is back .
It was exactly a year prior that I flew to Orlando , FL to play 8-Rack . Not only did I fly , I missed my cheap Allegiant flight and booked another expensive last-minute flight , all just to play some 8-Rack . For a deck that 's widely considered wildly unplayable , I was pretty hellbent on Racking people .
At the Modern Open in Louisville this past weekend , I felt things finally came back full circle where 8-Rack would be a decent choice . It had good matchups against the popular decks like Storm , , and Grixis . It even had good matchups against rising decks like and Elves . 8-Rack does n't fare well against traditional Tron or decks packed with a bunch of or , and thankfully those numbers were on the low end .
There 's a fear of uncertainty that dissuades people from playing 8-Rack . Being kold to does n't feel good . It 's possible to splash white like Michael Penner did in their eleventh-place finish at Grand Prix Vancouver earlier this year . However , any splash comes at the cost of consistency , loss of life , and vulnerability to and .
In Orlando last year , I lost early on to out of Emma Handy 's G/W Hexproof and to Chris Fennell on . I had no real answer to the Leyline and not enough graveyard interaction to compete .
For Louisville I vowed to not look matches in the same fashion . That is , without ever really being in the game . My opponents not really being in the game is what 8-Rack wants to do , not vice versa .
Before I get too far into things , let me say : Choose to draw first .
Yes , always .
Card Choices
was my solution to , and finding the card in Gatherer was one of the big draws towards me deciding on 8-Rack for the weekend . Instead of casting a to free up and some s , I simply cut out the middleman to trade my four cards ( or less ) for their three cards .
costs the opponent a card to put onto the battlefield . If you can blank their sideboard card instead of directly dealing with it , then you 're effectively up a card . Sometimes they 'll draw multiple Leylines of Sanctity in their opening hand and put all of them onto the battlefield . This is a good plan for them if you 're trying to fight them with s , and not a good idea for them if you are sidestepping those Leylines altogether .
8-Rack needs some number of cards to sideboard in when , , and sometimes are bad . and were underwhelming for me in the past . I also did n't want to fill up on and either . is good to sideboard in against any deck that needs a critical mass of cards in hand , like or Storm .
is the best card available against , , , and other graveyard-centered strategies . Oftentimes a or was too slow . Copies of can be discarded to or , reducing the high variance of needing to be in your opening hand and being rather useless later .
When you have , you 're essentially starting on a six-card hand . For this reason I do n't mind sideboarding out a land to keep the lands-to-spells ratio similar . is generally poor against graveyard decks and gets switched for often . is a big reason why there are 24 lands in the deck . Going to zero or one lessens the need for so many lands .
The first land to go is typically .
It 's true . The main reason I wanted a in my deck was to make people second-guess its intentions . Could I have ? ? I do n't think anyone actually took notice .
is more realistically a revolt enabler for , which did actually come up . With , you can keep that on the battlefield until it 's needed . Fetchlands add power to your deck by strengthening at the cost of life and vulnerability . I have no idea what the ideal number of fetchlands is for this build of 8-Rack . Playing one seemed like it could n't be that incorrect . Overall I was happy with the singleton .
If there 's any deck for , it 's 8-Rack . I was very pleased with the card and almost played a copy in my maindeck . The problem with was how bad the fourth land on the battlefield was after you cast your four-mana card . 8-Rack wants to stop at three lands and use the remainder to fuel or to discard to or . is really good , but also falls into this camp .
Still No
The first card that people want to add to 8-Rack is . Being able to turtle behind a Bridge with no cards in your hand while winning with your Racks sounds appealing . In practice , though , is n't applicable enough as a maindeck card . As a sideboard card it runs head-first into your opponent 's sideboard cards . They 're going to load up every piece of artifact removal they have access to for fighting . You do n't want running into too .
Why does n't line up well after sideboarding .
should shore up most work dealing with creatures . Between the Reckonings , , , , and various discard you should have creatures covered well enough to at least race them with your eight Racks .
Sideboarding
I sideboard contextually each matchup . Still , with four copies each of and , there are some easy switches .
TitanShift
Out :
In :
If they do n't have , then great . Those should still be fine . is a concern and is the reason the stays in . Note that is a replacement effect that does n't use the stack . This is relevant with because you do each part in order of the card . This means that , if they choose to discard to , it will immediately be sacrificed to 's next line of text…that is , if they had no other creatures on the battlefield before was cast .
comes out because of its high chance of whiffing past the first turn . Assuming you crew first , they could suspend and you could be left seeing a hand of three land , , and .
Grixis
Out :
In :
is devastating for decks because they run so few lands . It 's tempting to attack their graveyard with , but I 've found that it 's not worth fighting . They simply discard dead delve creatures . is still good and should be taken with your pinpoint discard whenever possible . is the next-best card .
If the player puts you on the play , then you can consider taking out a , as they are weaker in multiples on the play .
Eldrazi Tron
Out :
In :
Their best card is , followed by . I sideboard one-drops out and three-drops in to lessen the impact of .
hitting the freshly drawn card in a draw step happens often in this matchup . Eldrazi Tron plays very well off the top of their deck , and without a Rack effect , they can quickly draw out of a losing position .
Burn
Out :
In :
Burn is an exciting race every time . The matchup was worse before when 8-Rack had more and and feels decent Game 1 now . may look strange , but it 's a fine attacker and blocker that races well . is the best card against Burn that I could find , even better than .
The tightest play to make versus Burn is giving your swampwalk with if you have and giving them a .
Elves
Out :
In :
Keeping the Elves player off creatures is the name of the game here . does good work killing small creatures here . and are your main concerns early in the game . Later , will be your concern . Elf does n't run many lands , so can shut them out completely .
I do n't like against , as that card is usually defaulted by your removal putting them on very low resources to cast it . They only have a few fetchlands and you definitely do n't have the time to leave up on the early turns .
Merfolk
Out :
In :
The same sideboarding as versus Elves and indeed the matchup plays out similarly . is their best card and a big is the route that most likely causes you to lose . Do n't let your best spells get caught by a off and sacrifice your land with on it to . turns your lands back into s ( still an too ) if it 's played after a . If is on an , then another can let you sacrifice the first to get rid of the and thus islandwalk .
Jeskai Control
Out :
In :
They tend to sideboard out because of your and , so going lower on them is all right . Jeskai Control is really reactive and hard to play against . I recommend jamming whatever you have in most instances . After sideboarding , their best cards are and and those should be a priority over anything else , even .
Storm
Out :
In :
Storm 's main path to victory will be an for a few , so is a necessity . They generally do n't have enough resources for a kill , especially since you 're so good at fending off and . I would n't even bother attacking their graveyard with , since they have such a tough time going off without a cost-reducer . is for and fetchlands if they run them .
Out :
In :
Most players do n't run in the maindeck , so your sideboard plan lines up pretty well . They have to spin their wheels a lot on the opening turns , meaning your early discard will be uncontested for the most part . Remember that does n't do anything after they 're at zero life with but will kill the opponent through an .
, , and
Out :
In :
These matchups are unwinnable without a . Nothing much else to say . Mulligan to one if you have to . cleans up the battlefield after they try to beat you by naturally casting creatures . You do have to win before they draw their or whatever , so hands with a Rack are important too .
W/B Eldrazi
Out :
In :
Their main routes to victory involve an uncontested and sitting behind an while discarding last . Their creatures nab cards from your hand and you really want to remove them to recover your card . Every removal piece is great . Ever though an opening is concerning , I still take the draw and hope they do n't have it or for it to be slow .
Affinity
Out :
In :
Affinity is the matchup where is the most missed . Still , that card could be too slow sometimes . Discard is poor against Affinity , but being up a guaranteed card still makes drawing first better , especially after sideboarding . They often have to move all-in on an Inkmoth or Blinkmoth Nexus with . Save a for that creature if you can .
Out :
In :
can win with an uncontested or a if you draw non-answers in the late-game . After sideboarding it really depending on how many they decided to register .
A couple of copies of come out because they have and to easily get them . picks up the slack as a win condition . As with most decks , they have to sideboard really low on creature removal .
Abzan
Out :
In :
Similar to , except their creature-land is worse and they have . I still do n't like here just to stop Souls . If they aggressively sandbag lands , then is a consideration .
G/W Company
Out :
In :
Pinpoint discard is good to get or Eternal Witness but quickly drops off afterwards . G/W Company is good playing off the top of their deck and will rarely hold anything in hand after sideboarding , since their s should be gone . can be a problem if it lands .
Lost top 4 . 1st , 2nd , 3rd place finishers are the only 3 to beat me this tournament . will be back for the gold next time . # SCGKY pic.twitter.com/tcs8thSEhQ — Tom Ross ( @ Boss_MTG ) September 17 , 2017
Once you go 8-Rack , you never go back .
CAMP FOSTER , Okinawa -- A U.S. Air Force pilot was rescued Tuesday after an F-15 aircraft from Kadena Air Base went down in the waters around Okinawa , the Japan Coast Guard said .
A Japanese military search-and-rescue team recovered the pilot around 10 a.m. , about an hour after they ejected safely , according to information from the coast guard and the Air Force . They were in stable condition at a U.S. military medical facility .
The F-15 developed an unspecified problem leading to the pilot 's ejection , then went down in the Pacific Ocean about 70 miles northeast of Okinawa , the Kadena Air Base public affairs office said .
The military did not identify the pilot of the F-15C , which is a single-seat aircraft . The Air Force said the incident will be investigated and more details will be released as they become available .
It was the fifth reported incident involving U.S. F-15s on Okinawa since one of the jets crashed into the ocean in 2002 . Two F-15s collided in flight in 2004 , and an airman pilot was also rescued at sea in 2006 after their Kadena-based jet went down in the Pacific northeast of the island .
A Japanese military pilot went missing after their Air Self-Defense Force F-15 crashed in the ocean off Okinawa in 2011 .
tritten.travis @ stripes.com
sumida.chiyomi @ stripes.com
FBI Vacuums Up Local Law Enforcement Documents To Block Open Records Requests About Orlando Shooting
from the PROPERTY-OF-THE-FBI-stamp-ink-running-dangerously-low dept
The FBI has decided to insert itself into another public records battle . The agency has long been known to cc : itself to public records requests for Stingray documents , but this time it 's claiming any requests for local law enforcement documents related to the Orlando nightclub shooting need to be routed through it .
A June 20 letter from the FBI , attached to the City or Orlando 's lawsuit over withholding 911 calls and other records from 25 media outlets including the Orlando Sentinel , was also sent to the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office with instructions pertaining to how they should respond to record requests . The letter requests that agencies deny inquiries and directs departments to `` immediately notify the FBI of any requests your agency received '' so `` the FBI can seek to prevent disclosure through appropriate channels , as necessary . ''
Notice the FBI says `` prevent disclosure , '' rather than , say , `` assist in determining which documents can be released . '' The letter [ PDF ] claims that all records generated by local law enforcement agencies are now the FBI 's by proxy and that the `` investigative documents '' exemption [ Exemption 7 ( A ) ] prevents the release of all documents related to the shooting .
The FBI flat-out states all documents are belonged to it .
The FBI considers information obtained from state and local law enforcement agencies in furtherance of its investigation to be evidence , or potential evidence .
Presto ! Instant blanket exemption from disclosure at both federal and state level . The FBI takes care to point out which Florida Sunshine Law exemption local agencies can use to withhold documents from requesters .
There 's significant public interest in these documents , especially those related to EMS/police response to emergency calls . This obviously conflicts with the FBI 's determination that its ongoing investigation -- which now apparently contains every document created by every responding law enforcement agency in Florida -- should preempt any and all requests for documents via Florida open records laws .
Not for nothing have there been several efforts mounted to alter blanket exemptions like the one the FBI is using to insert itself into local level records requests . Unfortunately , it 's very likely the FBI 's wielding of this `` open investigation '' exemption will be granted deference by the federal court currently presiding over an open records lawsuit between the Orlando Sentinel and the City of Orlando , even though this fight never should have included a federal agency conducting its own concurrent investigation of the mass shooting .
Filed Under : fbi , foia , imsi catcher , law enforcement , orlando , public records , stingray
After Sunday 's Top Gear train wreck , host Chris Evans had a bit of a Twitter meltdown . They started citing weird statistics as if to prove that new Top Gear is better than old Top Gear , much in the same way that a trash fire is more popular than puppies . But it turns out that it actually was n't so popular after all .
Despite Matt LeBlanc , Sabine Schmitz , Rory Reid , and Chris Harris generally coming off okay , Evans and their use of brown people as props have been almost universally panned .
Advertisement
The only thing Evans—who definitely does NOT have ego issues , thankyouverymuch—has said about Top Gear since the episode aired were some tweets about its ratings :
Advertisement
But if you go beyond the measure of “ audience share , ” which is a weird yardstick for this sort of thing , as The Telegraph did , you 'd actually find that not many people , relatively , actually watched it :
The show drew 4.4 million viewers , with a peak of 4.7 million , while the last series with Jeremy Clarkson , Richard Hammond and James May bowed out with 5.8 million viewers . Evans said last week they would be ‘ disappointed ' if the show attracted under 5 million viewers .
Advertisement
Those numbers were the lowest in a decade for Top Gear . FACT .
It 's gotten so bad that British bookies are now lowering the payouts on bets that Evans will be fired before the new Top Gear gets renewed for a second series .
Like every genius Twitter philosopher is pointing out , the Top Gear helmed by Jeremy Clarkson was n't so great when it first debuted . But also , it did n't have nearly as many people watching , and it did n't have nearly the same budget . And also , it was n't terrible . And also , it did n't have Rory Reid and Chris Harris waiting in the wings .
Advertisement
Rock n roll ?
How did Hurricane Patricia get so powerful so fast ?
The storm “ exploded , ” said Dennis Feltgen , a spokesperson for the National Hurricane Center , adding that it currently had the strongest winds and lowest air pressure ever recorded by the agency . “ This is one for the record books , ” they said . And it 's easy to see why , they said , with its “ perfect environment ” for rapid intensification , “ very warm waters off the coast of Mexico and almost nonexistent wind shear , ” or a change in wind direction that tends to blunt the force of a storm .
The speed of its strengthening caught many researchers by surprise , said Kerry A. Emanuel , a professor of atmospheric science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . “ None of the models we use to forecast intensity , including my own , got this right , ” Professor Emanuel said . They suggested that the warm waters of the Pacific , which give energy to storms , might extend to much greater depths than usual , and so the storm 's churning is not bringing up the cold water that often limits the intensity of such storms .
A year and half ago I managed to convince RGRTA to try something new . I said , “ let me give away free bus rides for one day. ” I imagined most people would say “ no thanks , the bus is n't for me. ” But I also knew my mom was right when they said , “ try it , you might like it. ” That year I think maybe 200 people participated and left their cars at home for the day .
What began as a fun little experiment , has turned into ROC Transit Day – a full blown Rochester holiday from our cars . This year ROC Transit Day will be on Thursday , June 20 .
In this , its second year , the volunteers at Reconnect Rochester are giving away 1,000 special edition RTS fare cards – designed by yours truly . And we 're asking Rochester 's business community to get involved too…
On ROC Transit Day , having an RTS fare card will be like having your very own key to the city . Because in addition to being able to move around town with RTS , all transit riders will be able to take advantage of exclusive deals and offers from businesses all around Rochester . These special deals will be posted on our interactive map . Find one you like , and show them any RTS fare card on June 20 to get the deal .
For this to work we need Rochester 's business community to get involved .
If you 're an employer or an organization of any kind…
Please email me ( info @ reconnectrochester.org ) and ask me to send you a stack of FREE fare cards for your employees or staff to use on June 20 .
If you 're a retail business…
Please consider offering some kind of deal to your customers ( if they show you a transit fare card ) on June 20 . Offer anything—a freebie , a dollar off , buy-one-get-one , etc . ) and we will promote the heck out of your business . THIS IS FREE ADVERTISING FOR YOUR BUSINESS !
All participating businesses will be displayed on our interactive map and will be mentioned repeatedly in our marketing communications and linked to from our event website . Email me directly ( info @ reconnectrochester.org ) if you 'd like to participate .
[ Joe Bean Coffee Roasters , A Step Apart , Chartreuse Studios , and Small World Food have already signed up to participate . Thanks ! ]
If you 're not a business owner , and you 'd like to help , please share this article with your friends and family , and with your employer . Ask them to participate too . I want to fill this map with local businesses , and show the world that Rochester is on the move .
Remember , leave your car at home on June 20th .
ROC Transit Day !
Tags : A Step Apart , Chartreuse Studios , Joe Bean Coffee Roasters , Reconnect Rochester , Regional Transit Service ( RTS ) , ROC Transit Day , Rochester Genesee Regional Transportation Authority ( RGRTA ) , Small World Food
This entry was posted on Monday , May 13th , 2013 at 12:45 am and is filed under Events , Rochester News , Transit + Infrastructure . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed . You can skip to the end and leave a response . Pinging is currently not allowed .
20 Marines Face Possible Punishment Over Hazing At Parris Island
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Olson/Getty Images Scott Olson/Getty Images
After a Marine Corps report found a pattern of abuse at the Parris Island training facility in South Carolina , 20 officers and enlisted leaders could face punishment , including potential criminal charges or court-martial .
From The Archives Marine Commandant Launches Offensive Against Bad Behavior
The investigative report linked the hazing activities at Parris Island to the March 18 death of one young recruit , Raheel Siddiqui . Military officials say Siddiqui killed himself , but this week Siddiqui 's family released a statement through their lawyer challenging that idea .
`` It 's impossible for their family and friends to accept that they took their own life , '' lawyer Shiraz Khan said , according to the Detroit Free Press .
NPR 's Tom Bowman joined All Things Considered on Wednesday to discuss the hazing uncovered in the report .
`` Some of it 's juvenile , '' they said , `` like forcing a recruit to eat four slices of bread and a bagel and a biscuit all at once without water . ''
But other incidents were disturbing — particularly what happened to Siddiqui in March , Tom said :
`` He was a Pakistani immigrant from Detroit . They were called a terrorist by their drill instructor . Saddiqui talked about suicide while they were there and later recanted . `` Then when Siddiqui said they were sick , the drill instructor forced them to run . Siddiqui fell , started crying . The drill instructor slapped them hard , and the recruit immediately ran and jumped off a third-story deck , killing himself . `` In another case , a Muslim recruit was questioned about their religion , whether they were part of the 9/11 attacks . And they were placed in an industrial dryer by a drill instructor who turned it on repeatedly . ''
Tom said the pattern of abuse was in one battalion at the training center . The report described the battalion commander , a lieutenant colonel , as `` a toxic leader '' who created an atmosphere of abuse .
The pattern stretches back for years , Tom said , long before the death of Siddiqui , who was 20 . There 's no indication the abuse was widespread outside of the one battalion , they reported .
`` The drill instructors are supposed to be very tough , of course , but the Marine drill instructor creed says they 'll show by their own example the highest standards of personal conduct , morality and professional skill , '' Tom explained . `` This is a classic case of abuse of authority . ''
A total of 20 people are now facing possible punishment . The report also calls for greater oversight of training activities at Parris Island , according to The Associated Press .
The AP has more on what is expected to happen next :
Tonight at 7:24 , the sun will hang for a moment just above the double yellow line of Market Street before dropping below the horizon somewhere west of 69th Street . Falling as it does just after Labor Day every year , this “ Phillyhenge ” will mark the passing of another summer , this last summer being the 329th to pass since Thomas Holme first drew that slightly off-kilter line that would become Market Street .
Most days , Philadelphia 's street grid belongs to the city alone . East , west , north , south , left , right , it gets Philadelphians from here to there . But a few days a year , it becomes a great civic sundial , registering Philadelphia 's place in the cosmos . On these days , ranks of buildings become ancient steles and the sun sets in perfect alignment with the street grid . It 's Phillyhenge .
The -henge appendage of course , recalls Stonehenge , that ancient relic of a time when people built for the sun . Their greatest monuments were a means of registering the universe and their place in it . Stonehenge aligns with the extents of the sun 's arcing annual trip through the sky , marking the solstices twice a year since its construction around 2600 BC . By Penn 's time , people built for the exigencies of man , but of course , these annual coincidences with the sun can not be escaped .
The “ henge ” phenomenon is shared by many gridded cities , the most notable being Mahattanhenge , when the canyons of crosstown streets blaze with the setting sun . The picturesque occasions have become particularly popular with professional and amateur photographers alike . This July , the event seemed to garner more attention than ever , with hordes of Instagrammers crowding the medians of 34th Street at sunset . In most places , Philly among them , the alignment gets much less attention , perhaps just the frustration of a westbound motorist .
When Thomas Holme drew out the iconic plan of Philadelphia in 1683 , the streets paralleled the edges of the pages , running in perfect straight lines from East to West . In geographic reality , the geometric grid came into being a little off-kilter . The north-south axis of Broad Street got a little shove to better align with the peninsula on which the city sits , landing it at about 9 degrees east of true north , not quite the rakish angle of Manhattan 's grid ( 29 degrees off axis ) , nor the geometric precision of the American West 's relentless , perfect grid . For everyday use , this is close enough . The sun rises over the Delaware and sets over the Schuylkill . East , west , north , south on the grid are perfectly legible , if not perfectly precise .
A few times a year the grid grants us this brief reminder that Philadelphia is just one place in a larger space and time . When the sun sets down Market Street tonight , it will register the passing of another year , and if it 's not too cloudy , you might just be able to watch that year go by .
Fortunately , there will be many more . Upcoming Phillyhenges :
Sunsets
September 5th – 19:24
April 5th – 19:29
Sunrises
October 12th – 07:08
March 1st – 06:33
Image caption The festival is celebrating vintage British fashion as well as music , film , art , dance and design
Glasgow 's cultural quarter is stepping back in time this weekend as part of the Merchant City Festival .
The festival , which is being held for the 12th time , includes a series of events celebrating vintage British music , fashion , film , art , dance , food and design from the 1920s to the 1980s .
The festival is also taking on a Commonwealth theme to mark a year until the start of the Glasgow 2014 Games .
Organisers hope to attract a record 100,000 people to this year 's event .
Festival highlights include fashion shows , street dancers and singers .
Displays include an interactive installation called The South Brunswick Street Rope Factory , which features 71 coloured ropes representing the states of the Commonwealth . The ropes are woven together as a map which visitors can walk through .
'Timeless style '
Creator Wayne Hemingway said the vintage events were centred on `` timeless style '' .
They explained : `` There 's an amazing history of film , fashion and design in the UK from the 1920s and it 's still relevant .
`` People who lived in the 70s and 80s first time round loved it , and still enjoy it , and then there is the new generations who are just finding out about it . ''
They added : `` You ca n't reinvent everything , some things can be updated and upgraded , but over the weekend we 're going to celebrate everything from classic cars to proper disco , and there is something for everything with a roller disco and Bugsy Malone screenings for kids . ''
The festival is funded by Glasgow City Marketing Bureau , Creative Scotland and Glasgow Arts .
President Donald Trump called out former 49ers quarterback Colin Kapernick and other NFL players on Friday for protesting the national anthem , expressing what millions of football fans have already registered by tuning out .
But NFL officialdom , Hollywood , the mainstream media , and left-wingers in all quarters have distorted what they said , to the point where entire teams felt obligated to protest — something .
Here are five bad arguments driving the hysteria .
1 . Trump attacked freedom of speech . The First Amendment does not generally extend into a private workplace , any more than it gives me the right to come into your house and hector you with my opinions . No one has ever told Colin Kapernick or anyone else not to march in protest , attend a demonstration , or hold a sign on a sidewalk . What fans object to is that they are protesting on the clock . They have no right to do that , and Trump is correct that NFL owners — if they had any spine — ought to tell the protesting players to get lost . If you doubt that , try a thought experiment : what would happen to a player who wore a Nazi armband to opening lineups ? What about their freedom of speech ?
2 . Trump launched a racist attack . This is the fashionable argument among the intellectually lazy and perpetually aggrieved . But there is nothing racist about objecting to the sort of behavior that is so radical that it is almost never done . Proof : the same NFL players who knelt for The Star-Spangled Banner at Sunday 's game in London stood for God Save the Queen , the anthem under which the British conducted the slave trade , along with colonialism and various other awful endeavors . The resort to claims of racism is the surest sign that Trump 's critics are clueless .
3 . Trump used coarse language . Have you ever played , or even watched , any team sport ? Also , what else is new ?
4 . Trump has more important things to worry about . Undoubtedly true — but then ask where the outrage was when President Barack Obama filled out their NCAA brackets on TV each year — or , for that matter , when they discussed the merits of Pitbull on live radio with a DJ called “ Pimp with a Limp. ” Unless you 're a Trump supporter worried that they are using the NFL dust-up to cover for their vacillation on DACA , this is not a valid complaint .
5 . The protesters are the true patriots . Ask Pittsburgh Steelers lineman Alejandro Villanueva , a U.S. Army veteran of three tours in Afghanistan , about how they found the courage to stand up to their entire locker room and walk out , hand over heart , for the national anthem at Soldier Field in Chicago . Their team lost — deservedly so — but they will be remembered as the real winner of this day — not just for their stand on the field , but for their courage off it .
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News . They were named one of the “ most influential ” people in news media in 2016 . They are the co-author of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow them on Twitter at @ joelpollak .
Conspiracy theorist David Icke claims they were verbally abused by Australian TV hosts after they aggressively challenged them on their belief that the moon is a hollow space station .
Icke slammed chat show hosts Lisa Wilkinson and Karl Stefanovic for their behavior during the Thursday morning interview , accusing them of being “ childish and superficial . ”
The eccentric former journalist , who is currently touring Australia and presenting 12-hour seminars , said they were also abused by another team member of the show off air .
Footage of the interview shows Wilkinson and Stefanovic grill Icke over some of their more bizarre conspiracy theories , which include the belief that many influential people are actually shape-shifting lizards .
Icke described the interview as “ a joke , ” but admitted they “ knew ” what they were getting into while chatting to the hosts before the show went live .
“ First of all this was the strange thing , in my perspective the buffoon sports presenter , some big bloke , was shouting abuse at me across the studio . It was just ridiculous , ” Icke told Daily Mail Australia .
“ And then I said to the gentleman , the man presenter ( Karl ) when I went over : ‘ Is this going to be serious or taking the piss ? ' They said : ‘ bit of both , well , taking the piss – we 'll be taking the piss a bit . ' ”
“ So I sort of knew what I was coming in to , ” Icke added .
“ Snake oil salesperson ” Cameron proved me right on EU ref conspiracy , says David Icke ( VIDEOS ) https : //t.co/LbcfygOaSIpic.twitter.com/qpeuEVg0BX — RT UK ( @ RTUKnews ) March 4 , 2016
The chat show began with Wilkson and Stefanovic questioning why someone would spend ( AUS ) $ 140 to sit through a 12-hour seminar on conspiracy theories .
“ You know why they 're doing it ? Because they 've got a mind of their own , ” Icke replied .
The interviewers went on to ask Icke about some of their more controversial beliefs .
“ Let 's drill down into some of your beliefs . You think our moon is a hollowed out space station . That 's a hard one to buy , that one , ” Wilkinson said .
‘ Royal family are lizards ' ? David Icke dumbfounds BBC 's Andrew Neil https : //t.co/T3yikDI1ND — RT ( @ RT_com ) May 20 , 2016
Icke said mainstream science ca n't explain why the moon orbits the earth and referenced ancient tribes who believed that the moon was “ brought here . ”
“ Shipped in by trucks or something ? ” Wilkinson asked .
Icke became more testy as the chat show hosts began grilling them about their theory that many human beings are actually lizards .
“ OK , can you tell us who are the aliens ? Is Vladimir Putin an alien ? ” Wilkinson asked .
“ This is a joke . It 's an absolute joke . You have never read a book , you wo n't come and see the talk , ” Icke replied .
The former British journalist was also quizzed on their belief that 9/11 was an inside job .
In response , Icke pointed out that the politicians who support the mainstream explanation of the Twin Towers attack were the same people who said there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption North East 250 ready to roll
A new driving route launched in north east Scotland is aiming to emulate the tourism success of the North Coast 500 in the Highlands .
The North East 250 circular route will take visitors through Speyside , the Cairngorms , Royal Deeside , Aberdeen , the east coast and Moray .
It was the idea of a local business person .
The North Coast 500 scenic route has brought 29,000 more visitors to the Highlands , according to a study earlier this year .
North East 250 was launched at the Moray Speyside Tourism Conference in Elgin .
Image copyright North East 250
Jo Robinson , VisitScotland 's regional director , said : `` This exciting new route is a welcome asset to the North East and will , we would hope , simulate the success of other similar routes around Scotland .
`` This area has arguably the best scenery , landscapes and views in Scotland and we would anticipate that the introduction of such a route will bring economic benefit to the area and its tourism businesses through increased visitors . ''
'Excited by potential '
Guy Macpherson-Grant , who came up with the idea , said : `` I am delighted to reveal the North East 250 today among fellow tourism businesses in Moray Speyside .
`` I am excited by the potential of the North East 250 to bring more visitors to our area and experience , what I believe , is the very best that Scotland has to offer .
`` We need businesses along the route to really get behind it and help make it the success I know it can be . ''
The North Coast 500 route , also known as the NC500 , stretches for more than 500 miles .
It was launched in 2015 by the North Highland Initiative .
The NC500 features roads in the Black Isle , Caithness , Sutherland and Wester Ross .
The car pulled over near Missoula was found to be transporting five hives and thousands of Russian honey bees . Photo courtesy Montana Highway Patrol
The car pulled over near Missoula was found to be transporting five hives and thousands of Russian honey bees . Photo courtesy Montana Highway Patrol
MISSOULA , Mont. , June 2 ( UPI ) -- The Montana Highway Patrol a reported reckless driver was found to be driving with thousands of bees flying free in the car .
The MHP said troopers responded May 22 to a road near Missoula on a report of `` a vehicle driving all over the road '' and they found the motorist was transporting five hives of bees that were being allowed to move freely around the inside of the car .
The driver said the insects were `` harmless '' Russian honey bees .
The state apiarist was consulted and told troopers that while the motorist 's method of transporting the bees was `` very unsafe , '' it did not require a permit .
The driver was cited for careless driving , the MHP said .
This post has been updated from its original text .
San Diego Unified sends parents to a collections agency if they do n't pay their child 's school bus fees on time .
California is one of a dozen states that allows school districts to charge parents fees for bus rides to school . For parents in San Diego Unified whose kids do n't meet strict criteria that qualifies them for free transportation , that costs $ 500 a year for one child and an additional $ 250 for two or more kids , for a total of $ 750 per family .
Records obtained by Voice of San Diego show that in the 2014-2015 school year alone , the district referred 380 parents to a collections agency for debts that ranged from $ 10 to $ 500 .
From 2011 to date , the district has paid Transworld Systems Inc. , a Delaware-based collections agency , $ 31,230 to recoup outstanding bus fees .
Transworld helped the district recoup some but not all of the outstanding fees . In 2014-2015 , outstanding fees for accounts referred to collections totaled $ 166,860 . With Transworld 's help , the district recouped $ 26,108 – roughly 15 percent of that year 's total .
San Diego Unified refers parents to collections in July if they have n't made good on outstanding bus fees from the previous school year . Collections agents can then send parents letters , call them on the phone or threaten legal action should account go unpaid . Having accounts sent to collections can negatively impact parents ' credit scores , making it harder to secure loans or escape poverty .
Gene Robinson , the district 's director of transportation services , wrote in an email that the district does n't kick children off buses mid-year if parents fall behind in their payments , and can allow parents to arrange payment plans . Sometimes , however , families whose accounts are turned over to collections become ineligible for transportation services the following year – until fees are paid to date , Robinson wrote .
A San Diego Unified spokesperson said in a statement that the district is trying to be a responsible flight attendant of public money by contracting with a collections agency to seek overdue transportation fees .
“ Unfortunately , the district can not afford to provide free transportation to every student , ” says the statement . “ Families that do not qualify for free school bus transportation may elect to participate in the district 's fee-based service . Given that , it would be unfair to families in the district and to the taxpayers , who fund education in the state , were the district to decide against collecting the fees that individuals voluntarily committed to pay . ”
But Derek Finley , a parent whose son rode the bus to Mission Bay High , said they did n't realize they had agreed to fees when they signed their son up for the bus .
“ Honestly I had no idea it was costing money . I mean , it 's a school bus . I just assumed it was free , ” they said .
Finley said around 2011 , they separated from their wife and was forced to sell their house at a loss to keep the bank from foreclosing on it . As a single dad , they struggled to pay bills and their son qualified for subsidized lunch . For that , Finley assumed the bill the school district sent them was a mistake – until they started getting calls from collections agents . Today , Finley 's son is graduated and the family 's finances have improved . But they still have the debt for bus fees hanging over their head .
“ My credit is already shot , and this debt is a looming cloud above me . I actually considered bankruptcy to scrape it off , but I 've resigned myself to tough it out and repair my credit , ” they said .
Sopheap Cheam , whose daughters rode the bus to a school in Mira Mesa , believes their account was mistakenly sent to collections . They said they never received any bills from the school district informing them they were past due . When they got a call from a collections agent recently , they just assumed they had the wrong person .
“ As far as I 'm concerned , I do n't owe anybody anything . If I go back and look at my accounts I know I can prove it . I am responsible with my bills , ” said Cheam . “ I do n't even have kids in school anymore and the district is still sending me information about their school lunch accounts . That tells you how disorganized this district is . ”
♦♦♦
Dan Domenech , executive director of the American Association of School Administrators , said the vast majority of school districts in America offer free transportation as a service that students are entitled to . But starting around 2008 , more states starting requiring fees for transportation to compensate for new financial pressures caused by the recession .
“ We find that unfortunate , because school districts have the responsibility to provide a free education , and part of that includes getting a kid to school , ” Domenech said .
California is one of 12 states that allow , but do n't require , school districts to charge parents fees for transportation . Costs vary by school district . Oceanside Unified charges $ 360 per student . Families in Grossmont Union High School District pay $ 325 per student . Poway Unified charges $ 575 per student .
Domenech said this is the first he 's heard of school districts turning to collections agencies to recoup the fees .
“ That 's a little unusual and goes above and beyond what I 've seen before . It 's a shame , ” Domenech said .
The authority for school districts to charge for bus fees dates back to a 1992 California Supreme Court case in which the justices ruled that transportation is not an essential element of school activity and thus not something school districts must provide for free .
State law requires that school boards waive transportation fees for students with disabilities or those with “ indigent ” parents or guardians . The state Board of Education has said it “ strongly recommends ” school districts offer free transportation to students who qualify for free meals .
The district provides free transportation for students with disabilities , and exempts students who qualify for free lunch from paying the transportation fee .
But it 's still possible for some parents , like Finley , to not know they 're exempt from paying for bus fees and be sent to collections when they ca n't pay .
Amy Redding , a parent who lives in the Kearny Mesa area , said it 's well past time for the district to reconsider its transportation policies . The fact that some neighborhoods in San Diego are not walkable creates a legitimate safety concern for students whose parents ca n't drive them to school , they said .
Corrections : An earlier version of this story said some but not all students who qualify for free lunch qualify for free transportation . All students who qualify for free lunch qualify for free transportation . However , students who receive free lunch but attend schools to which the district does not provide transportation are not entitled to district-provided transportation .
An earlier version of this story also misspelled Derek Finley .
Assistant to the President and Donald Trump 's daughter Ivanka Trump hosts a listening session with military spouses in the Roosevelt Room at the White House August 2 , 2017 in Washington , DC . Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images A former adviser to Donald Trump said in 2015 that they once arranged for Ivanka Trump to sit in Vladimir Putin 's chair in the Russian president 's office in the Kremlin .
The claim came in an email from Felix Sater , a Russian-born business person who urged the Trump Organization to pursue a real-estate deal in Moscow that they said could help Trump , then a presidential candidate , win the election .
The first line of the email , which was obtained by The New York Times and published on Monday , alludes to a trip to Moscow that two of Trump 's children , Ivanka Trump and Donald Trump Jr. , took in 2006 .
`` I arranged for Ivanka to sit in Putins private chair at their desk and office in the Kremlin , '' Sater wrote to President Trump 's lawyer , Michael Cohen , in November 2015 .
The boast was followed by an assurance that Sater could get Putin to `` buy in '' to the real-estate deal and that it would help Trump 's candidacy .
Ivanka Trump said they had no involvement in discussions about the deal , according to the Times . They also did not confirm or deny whether they sat in Putin 's chair , only saying that they have `` never met President Vladimir Putin . ''
They said that during the 2006 trip , they took `` a brief tour of Red Square and the Kremlin , '' the Times reported .
But the possibility of a trip to Putin 's office would suggest a much closer relationship to Moscow than the Trumps have previously suggested . And it would provide a new lead for Robert Mueller , the special counsel heading the investigation into the Trump campaign 's possible collusion with Russia in the US presidential election .
`` Sitting at Putin 's desk is certainly not on the regular Kremlin tours , '' Daniel Treisman , a UCLA political science professor and expert on Russian politics , told Business Insider in an email . `` If true , this would show that Ivanka 's guide inside the Kremlin had the highest security clearances and was personally trusted by Putin . ''
`` It would be bizarre for them to take them into the president 's personal office — presumably while the president was absent — unless Putin and their security service advisors knew about it and viewed the relationship with the Trumps as worth developing . ''
President Trump said later in 2015 that they were `` not that familiar '' with Sater .
According to the Times , the Trump Organization turned over the email , along with other correspondences between Sater and Cohen , to the House Intelligence Committee , which is also investigating the Trump campaign 's relationship with Russia .
The word `` armed '' blinks red on the laptop screen as a propeller whirs to life . Soon , the drone rises steadily over a dusty landscape .
But this is n't Afghanistan – it 's Milton , Ont. , where geographer Scott McTavish is using their autonomous aircraft to survey a gravel pit .
McTavish first turned to drones , officially named unmanned air vehicles ( UAVs ) , in 2008 , while working for a forestry company in B.C .
`` When we started five years ago , there were n't too many options , '' they say , referring to the availability of UAVs and the scaled-down , lightweight components required to keep them aloft .
Now , McTavish runs a company , Accuas Inc. , that specializes in aerial surveys and mapping using drones equipped with compact digital cameras . They have a fleet of 10 unmanned aircraft ranging in size from small , multi-rotor helicopters to much larger fixed-wing planes , and employs eight full-time staff in offices across the country . Business is booming .
Previous Next
`` Flying a helicopter or a plane is n't cost effective for a lot of jobs and now it 's not the only choice , '' says John Fairs , an aerial survey specialist with Dillon Consulting who is keen to offer this new technology to their clients .
`` It 's mind-boggling how quickly this area is growing , '' says Fairs . `` The applications are endless . ''
More than just eyes in the sky
While much of the debate about drones centres on their surveillance abilities or capacity to launch Hellfire missiles at suspected insurgents , there are many non-military applications .
For example , the RCMP uses UAVs in search-and-rescue operations , and credits the use of a drone for helping save the life of a man who rolled their vehicle off a road near Saskatoon in May . Meanwhile , researchers at McGill University are using them to keep track of bird and bear populations .
In Japan , where unmanned aircraft have been used commercially for 20 years , miniature helicopters such as Yamaha 's RMAX monitor crop growth on steep hill sides more effectively – and at a lower cost – than a tractor or airplane .
Transport Canada governs the use of UAVs and requires commercial operators to file a Special Flight Operation Certificate ( SFOC ) for every flight .
Canada 's UAV legislation , in place since 2008 and modified in 2010 , enables people like Scott McTavish to make a living operating drones .
Scott McTavish runs Accuas Inc. , a company that specializes in aerial surveys and mapping using drones equipped with compact digital cameras . ( Evan Mitsui/CBC )
Current U.S. legislation forbids the use of commercial drones , but that is expected to change in 2015 . That 's when the Federal Aviation Administration 's ( FAA ) Drones Act , which was passed last year , will require commercial jets and drones to share the same airspace .
The commercial drones industry is estimated to be worth billions of dollars . So far , the FAA has received applications from 37 states vying to be chosen as one of six test locations where the ban on commercial drone use will be lifted . Those states will be chosen by the end of the year .
In Canada , the requirements to legally fly a drone for pay are strict and that 's a good thing , according to McTavish .
`` The last thing you want is loose regulations where anyone can go out and potentially cause damage , or infringe on privacy , '' they say .
UAV or model airplane ?
UAVs differ from remote controlled ( RC ) model aircraft in one big way : They do n't require a human to fly them .
Unlike an RC plane or helicopter , a true UAV can fly on autopilot , relying on onboard computers and a pre-programmed route .
Once off the ground , drones like the ones McTavish uses can follow complex flight paths – such as ones plotted on Google Earth – autonomously , even automatically popping a parachute when the mission is done .
The largest UAV in McTavish 's fleet is the Areohawk RQ-84Z , a New Zealand-made aircraft with a wing span near three metres and a price tag approaching $ 50,000 . It looks like a miniature glider , complete with a smooth , elongated nose and shiny white paint job .
While much smaller than a manned aircraft , it takes two people to get it into the air – one to fire up the propeller , which is controlled from a laptop , and another to launch it , which is accomplished by carefully tossing it off a hilltop .
Once in the air , it has enough battery life for a little over an hour of flying time .
Do-it-yourself drones
The booming interest in commercial drones has also benefitted hobby flyers . Dany Thivierge is an IT professional by day who by night operates Canada Drones out of their Mississauga , Ont . garage .
Mississauga , Ont. , business person Dany Thivierge , right , has established themselves as a go-to man for hobbyists in need of drone parts and know-how . ( Evan Mitsui/CBC )
It began as a labour of love , but after four years in business , Thivierge has established themselves as a go-to man for hobbyists in need of UAV parts and know-how . They say he 's putting through over a dozen orders a night and hopes to soon be able to quit their day job .
The computing power capable of keeping four or even eight miniature helicopter rotors spinning in sync is largely the product of open source tinkerers sharing discoveries online , says Thivierge .
`` There 's some very bright people doing firmware and software… the stuff that makes them easy to fly , '' says Thivierge .
The commercial interest in drones is only likely to increase , as businesses come up with new uses for these flying vessels . Last year , a team of engineers in California launched the Burrito Bomber , a UAV that uses GPS coordinates to drop burritos by parachute .
Continuing with the food theme , in June , Domino 's Pizza U.K. put up a video – which now has over one million views on YouTube – showing an eight-rotor Domicopter carrying pizzas over the English countryside . This month , a dry-cleaning business in Philadelphia followed suit with a video of an RC copter returning a customer 's shirts .
`` Five years ago , the challenge was keeping a multi-rotor copter in the air , '' says Thivierge . But now that the technology has become so sophisticated , `` anyone can find new applications – it 's just brainstorming more ideas . ''
We 've long heard rumors that Netflix is considering adding offline viewing capabilities to its arsenal of features . But a new report suggests that the feature could be added sooner rather than later . According to LightReading.com , Netflix is already working on the new feature , which could be rolled out as soon as this year .
With offline viewing , Netflix users would be able to download movies and TV shows to watch later in places without internet or 3G connections . Currently , subscribers can only use Netflix when connected to the internet .
In their report , LightReading.com cites industry insiders and a Frost & Sullivan analyst as sources for their big scoop . The report is light on details , and relies on sources outside of Netflix . As for Netflix itself , the company is still refusing to reveal any specifics – or even admit that they 're working on an offline solution .
Still , the recent report passes the common sense test . Competitors like Amazon have already rolled out their own versions of the offline viewing , and Netflix CEO Reed Hastings did concede that Netflix was at least considering adding the feature . There are hurdles : Netflix would have to get the go-ahead from content providers , since their current contracts do n't include download rights . Studios would have the ultimate say as to whether or not their videos could be downloaded .
A fundamental principle of law is that it should protect the innocent . Of all the damage made possible by Gov . Jan Brewer 's signature on Friday to Senate Bill 1070 , the worst is not the harm to the world 's judgment of Arizona or to this law 's economic consequences .
The worst effect is its grave potential for causing harm to innocent , taxpaying American citizens who no longer can feel certain of the law 's blindness .
That is the terrible harm of it . SB 1070 lifts the blindfold of Lady Justice and commands them to see one different from the other , irrespective of innocence . Brewer 's televised signing ceremony for this harsh , unnecessary legislation constitutes the low point of an administration we have come to admire for its often surprising grit in the face of hard times . We held out hope for more .
Whether Arizona pays a price for indulging the whims of state Sen. Russell Pearce , R-Mesa , is no longer the issue . We are paying a price . Not since the dismal days of our nationally infamous fight over a holiday to honor the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. , has the profile of Arizona descended this low .
It is n't as though the potential consequences of this law are unapparent . We have been down this road before .
The terrible `` Chandler Roundup '' of 1997 still stands as a warning of what may lie ahead . Then , like now , local police officers demanded proof of citizenship of people they suspected might be in this country illegally . Scores of American citizens lacking `` papers '' were cuffed . An international outrage erupted . SB 1070 opens the door to the return of those brutal neighborhood-dividing days .
Also Friday , Brewer signed an executive order to establish law-enforcement training they hope might mitigate the worst potential effect of SB 1070 , racial profiling . A nice gesture , certainly . But a few hours of additional training is unlikely to alter the now-evolving relationship of local police to their citizenry , a relationship made infinitely more difficult and attenuated by the signing of SB 1070 .
We are not blind to the political challenge facing Brewer . They are a Republican facing stiff competition in an approaching election , and not signing SB 1070 likely would have doomed them candidacy .
That is their political problem , however . Not Arizona 's .
They are certainly correct on one count . The widespread popularity of this punishing legislation would be far weaker if Washington , D.C. , would act seriously to do its duty regarding Arizona 's southern border .
This is very bad law . And this is not the end of the fight against it .
Cool Cakes : The Quality Confectionery
We understand what you love . We take care of your loved ones . Many occasions are celebrated be it marriage , birthdays , Anniversaries , Fathers day , mother day and many more , one thing is usually common that is `` Cake '' . It is true we love to enjoy cakes on such occasions . Sometimes we get too involved in other activities that we do n't get spare time for making a cake at home and we actually need a perfect readymade cake and can be delivered to our place . These days ' cakes are even ordered online in just a click . You can choose from the best selling cakes and order one for your loved ones .
Yes for those who love and enjoy cakes on every occasion we coolcake.in has something best to offer you . Cake – the astonishing mixture of flour , sugar , eggs , drain , margarine , and flavors in the world that serves us on every event . When you have an energetic universe of cakes available to you , you ought not to take stress over the dessert substance in the special events and occasions . The sorts of cakes are numerous and nowadays eggless cakes are additionally accessible and that has opened the entryways of cakes to the pure veggie lovers too .
When we think about birthday the first thing comes in our mind is a cake . A cake is a very important part of any birthday celebration . It is the heart of the birthday . For our loved and dear ones , we tend to cut a cake at sharp 12 Am . So these days they directly order cake online which gets delivered on time . Wow , that 's pretty cool ; cakes get delivered online without any hustle in proper time .
Get your Cake Deliver Online in Hyderabad by us
We understand your needs and affections towards your friends and family and for this , we have got a huge collection of cakes for all occasions because today people prefer to spend time together , we know this and we take the pride to deliver you cake online and on time . Now this question must be arising in your mind that why to choose us for online delivery ? Firstly we are the best online cake delivery company in Hyderabad and these are some benefits to order cake online with us
We only provide fresh and good taste cakes as we have got 100 's of best-selling cakes in our bucket . We never bake and store cakes for hours ; we bake the cake only when we receive an order from the customer before 3 hours of delivery . This is our USP and out of many online cake orders in Hyderabad , we rank number one in online cake order in Hyderabad . If you are looking for exact midnight cake delivery ? You are in a right place . We are specialized in midnight cake delivery in Hyderabad . We can deliver in exact time by 11.59 ( Midnight ) . Is this perfect ? You do n't have to wait even for 12 Am and you get delivery by 11.59 . Cash on Delivery ( COD ) option is also available and you can pay via Paytm , debit or credit card and any other online payment wallet . This is the best you can get from any online cake delivery service website .
Birthday Cake Delivery in Hyderabad
We have got the best collection of cake designs for you . You can even get your customized birthday cake for any age group . We have got 100 % eggless baked cakes for pure vegetarians . We have special and unique flavors ; we have Blackberry , Mango , Badam Pista , Belgian Chocolate flavor , Dark Chocolate flavor .
We have special cakes for newlywed Couples and for your boyfriend or girlfriend like Red velvet Cake , Choco Strawberry cake , Heart shaped cakes in all flavors . We can deliver birthday cakes in any part of Hyderabad on regular basis . The cakes are so soft and they will be exploded as soon as it enters your mouth . This shows that our cakes can be enjoyed by people of all age groups .
Sometimes you are far away from your loved ones and still , you want to surprise them ? ? Worry not we are here to deliver your surprise birthday cake in Hyderabad . You just need to order your cake online for Hyderabad and we will deliver the birthday cake in exact time .
Avail Same day Online Cake Delivery in Hyderabad
Seems unusual , but yes it is true we deliver Cakes same day in Hyderabad . You just need to order at least 3 hours before the delivery . Today life of people is running very fast . They do n't have time for many things . The reason being that Hyderabad is spread over the large area and highly populated city which has increased traffic issues and to cope up with this many people have started opting for same day online cake delivery .
Even people realize on the same day that they have forgotten an important occasion or date . Now either they will rush to the market or order online . In today 's scenario , people tend to prefer ordering online . Here our team will act fast and process your online cake delivery in Hyderabad same day . Get Express delivery on the online order in Hyderabad like Kondapur , Kukatpally same day ! !
Also Avail Midnight Cake Delivery in Hyderabad
Yes , it is realistic now , Order your cake online and get delivered even in the midnight . We know you want to surprise your friend or family member and we do care about your feelings . Even if you are not physically present , we will deliver at the exact time . Midnight Cake delivery in Hyderabad has got more importance due to its system driver architecture of order processing .
The minimum human interference and maximum processing are done by maintaining the quality of the cake and delivery are done on committed time . Sometimes during midnight , we are not able to arrange a gift , here we can even add a gift like a flower bouquet with cake and that will make your bond strong with the other person . So , what are you waiting for , order cake online Hyderabad , Gachibowli , Secunderabad .
Order Online the best cakes in Hyderabad
When it comes to choosing 24 hours online delivery cakes in Hyderabad , we top these charts . We have the best online service and delivers cake same day and midnight . We have got the best collection and designs of cakes and serves better than other online cake delivery websites . We have the large variety of cakes and flavors for all age groups . We have the following Online Cake delivery services in Hyderabad-
Valentine 's Day Celebration Cake- Although every day is a romantic and lovable day for the couples , still Valentine 's Day holds a special place among the couples around the world . We fancy your love for each other . Celebrate this special day by expressing your love and give them a surprise with a delicious heart-shaped cake .
Spend your precious time of romance with your partner by giving him/her an impressive and beautiful gift with a special cake . We have got the best designs for your partner and every design has got some or other logic . It will be our commitment to deliver the cake at a particular time . You can easily order online cake delivery in Hyderabad and make this moment best in your life .
Surprise your partner with a Photo cake- Yes you have a photo of your partner in your wallet and heart . Do n't worry we are not asking you to take his/her photo from your heart but from your wallet and give your partner a surprise cake with a photo on it . Not only for your partner or spouse you can surprise your kids also on their birthdays .
We have special customization for photo cake like your desire or favorite picture , cartoon pictures of famous characters like Chota-bheem , Angry Birds , shin chan , baby dolls and many more . Surprise them on their birthday with these characters . Even you can have an image of your wedding day on anniversary cake . This will surely grow your love and bond as a couple .
You can book a cake online in Hyderabad and celebrate the special day with a delicious cake and a photo on it . Add-on you can even add a bunch of flower bouquets for a fresh celebration . You can order online cakes and flowers delivery in Manikonda and other places .
Anniversary Cake Online Delivery - Anniversary celebration is a very important part for any couple especially when it is your first marriage anniversary . You can grow your bond and love with your better half with a delicious wedding anniversary designer cake . Many times husbands who live abroad want to send special anniversary cake and gift to their wives and they can easily order cake online in Madhapur , Chandanagar in Hyderabad and many other places . Http : //coolcake.in/ is outstanding and best online cake delivery website which delivers mouthwatering and yummy cakes at your doorsteps with affordable price .
4 . Wedding Season Cakes- The Wedding season will arrive soon so as the demand for the cakes . It has become a trend to cut cake not only on the wedding day but also on other functions . Especially for your winter wedding , we have so many designs and flavors available . Pick anyone that has an aroma like winters . Winter cakes are very special for the lovebirds and every couple wants to surprise them better half in one or the other way .
Even today cakes are also used in Pre-wedding shoots and it is difficult to carry cake all the time . Here you can easily order cake online and we will deliver to the pre-wedding shoot location without harming the cake and its quality . You choose your cake style and order online cake delivery in Hyderabad and get your cake delivered at the perfect moment . You just focus on enjoying your wedding ceremony , rest is our responsibility .
5 . Father 's Day and Mothers Day cake- Your parents are your treasure . They also deserve something special . It is the responsibility of their kids to make them feel special and out of the world . Make your Mother and father feel proud of you . We have got the best online collection of Fathers and mothers day cake and you just need to express your love and affection towards your father and mother on their special days . Order best-flavored cake which your father and mother both love ! It is not only the cake which will make them emotional but the love and intention behind surprising them with a delicious cake and a small greeting card .
6 . Combo Packs- We have got some best combo offers on our website that too at a very reasonable price . If you are buying a cake , then you can also choose , a bunch of flower bouquets , Chocolates , Greeting cards , teddy etc . On our website , you can choose a combo pack option and add these options as a surprise gift and get best deals and offers by booking Online cake and gifts in Hyderabad . This is the best way to choose more and good surprise gifts at minimal prices . You can imagine a perfect scene by offering a delicious cake , fresh flowers and wishing card for expressing your love . To surprise now you can choose 24 hours cake delivery services Hyderabad . Coolcake.in is the most trusted online cake delivery service in Hyderabad .
Do you Need to deliver Gift with your cake ?
Sending and receiving gifts are the inherent part of our lives . Sometimes we are in a hurry that we forget to buy a gift and in the midnight it becomes difficult to buy a gift . Every relation is very unique and important and even a small gift plays an important role in making a bond stronger . We understand your love and affection and we want you to nourish your relation , Cherish your love with the person . It is their special day and there is a special need to make them feel important and special .
Now the best way is to surprise them with the add-on gift with a cake . Occasions like birthday , marriage anniversary come once in a year so it needs to be cherished and enjoyed in the best manner . It is not the gift but the happiness of a person which matters a lot . Gifts delivery in Hyderabad has become easy by ordering online and we will deliver the best gifts for your close ones .
Why Flowers plays an important role in expressing our love ?
It has been scientifically proven that the fragrance and aroma of flowers can change the mood of any person . Your wife or girlfriend is upset with you , try a rose flower with excellent fragrance and see the magic . In every relation flowers are common . We gift a bouquet of flowers on birthdays , wedding anniversary , Valentine 's Day , festivals and other important days . On a romantic date offer a rose flower and then feel the aroma of love around you .
Every flower color depicts its importance and purpose like a red rose is the symbol of love and romance . It keeps the location lovable and keeps the couples happy in this occasion . Likewise , if you feel saying sorry to anyone or wants to apologize they can send a bunch of yellow flowers as yellow colour depicts the purpose of friendship . Gifting white roses shows your sympathy towards the suffering person .
Needs Online Flower Delivery in Hyderabad ?
It 's your best friends ' birthday and you forgot to bring flowers ? Worry not we are here to deliver flowers online . It is true you can express your feelings and love just with flowers . Flowers are the natural gift preferred to send and receive . It is always a pleasure to see your loved ones smiling because of you and e bunch of beautiful flower can do this easily . We have the best online flowers and cake delivery in Hyderabad .
Enjoy Midnight Online Flower Delivery
Get ready for another amazing online flower delivery experience across Hyderabad ? Do you need to gift your mother a flower on their birthday ? Now , no need to go here and there for flowers and cake ! Just try a trusted name Coolcake.in for complete solutions .
Just check out flower bouquet delivery in Hyderabad and order fresh and best flowers with us . Due to the hectic schedule , you forgot an important occasion and at last moment you do n't have any special plan , just order flowers and cakes from us and we will delivery exceptionally fast at your doorsteps .
Be it an anniversary , wedding ceremony , Birthday , festivals , we have got the best collection of flowers . We are expert in delivering cakes and flowers during midnight and even by 11.59 ( midnight ) .
In Hyderabad which all places we cover ?
We cover complete Hyderabad and you can order online cake delivery in Kukatpally , Kondapur , Gachibowli , Manikonda , Madhapur , Chandanagar , Miyapur , Secunderabad .
Get a hassle-free and trusted Home delivery .
As a result of `` ongoing business challenges and increased governmental restraints , '' video game retailer GameStop is closing all of its stores in Puerto Rico . The island 's nearly three-dozen stores will close by the end of March 2016 , a GameStop representative confirmed in a statement to GameSpot today .
`` Given the ongoing business challenges and increased governmental restraints we have experienced in Puerto Rico , GameStop has made the business decision to close all of its video game stores and operations located on the island , '' a GameStop representative told GameSpot . `` As a result , GameStop will be exiting the Puerto Rican market by the end of March 2016 . Until that time , we will continue to conduct normal business operations . ''
According to GameStop 's website , the retailer currently operates 35 stores in Puerto Rico . It is unknown how many employees those stores had or if GameStop will offer any resources to affected staffers .
In November , GameStop announced financial results that came in at the low end of what it had previously forecast , in part because a number of key games -- including Halo 5 : Guardians and Star Wars Battlefront -- failed to meet expectations . As a result , the company 's share value dipped , before ultimately rebounding .
We will have a better idea about how GameStop performed during the holiday season -- an important period during which the company historically does around 60 percent of its yearly business -- when the retailer reports earnings again later this year .
The closure of GameStop 's business in Puerto Rico was first reported today by CyberboxPR .
Ruben Fleischer made a name for themselves with is undead satire `` Zombieland , '' starring Jesse Eisenberg , Emma Stone and Woody Harrelson , and ever since then folks have been clamoring for a sequel . Well , do n't hold your breath .
You do n't have to squint real hard to read between the lines of Fleischer 's latest comments on the topic to understand that they and the cast may not have their hearts in it , despite the fact that Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , the guys who wrote the original , have banged out a follow-up .
“ [ Rhett and Paul ] wrote something and it was really great , ” Fleischer told The Playlist . “ A script exists . We all are excited about the prospect of making the movie , but I guess we all have n't found the perfect story to tell yet . ”
So there 's a script , and it 's `` really great , '' but they have n't yet found the `` perfect '' story . Do you think when they first read their script , Fleischer handed it back to Reese and Wernick and said , `` It 's not you , it 's me '' ?
`` 30 Minutes or Less '' Trailer
Jesse Eisenberg and Aziz Ansari star in this caper comedy . ( Published Thursday , Aug. 11 , 2011 )
And Eisenberg sounded no more excited about it , even before the script was done , saying , “ They 're writing the script right now but I have n't seen it and I suspect that the longer we wait , the less relevant it will be . I mean , all the actors would love to do it and the director would love to do it but I 'm not sure what 's happening , ” they said .
Regardless of whether or not `` Z2 '' happens , the original was a blast , launched the careers of Fleischer , Reese and Wernick , and gave serious bumps to Eisenberg and Stone . Fleischer and Eisenberg reunite Aug. 12 for `` 30 Minutes of Less , and Stone can be seen July 29 in `` Crazy , Stupid , Love . ''
Moby Not Just Giving Away Their New Album For Free On BitTorrent , He 's Okay With You Profiting From It
from the an-enlightened-view dept
Are people really free to do whatever they want ? Can they sell their recordings ?
I met with the BitTorrent people and they were asking , `` What if someone comes up with their own remix and they sell it ? '' They were wondering what I would want them to do with the money . And my response was that they could take their friends out to dinner or give money to their favorite charity . Even if I make the stems , if they made the effort to make the remix , they should be the ones to profit from it .
Artists who are adaptable are doing fine . A musician who makes records , tours , DJs , remixes , does music for video games and films is doing fine . If you can learn how to adapt — it 's really weird and unhealthy when people talk about restricting progress to accommodate the inability of people to adapt . Every industry has been impacted by [ changes in technology ] in both negative and positive ways , but I feel like to complain is pointless . I love Thom Yorke , but when I heard them complaining about Spotify , I 'm like , `` You 're just like an old guy yelling at fast trains . '' I love anything that enables people to have more music in their lives .
It was about 7 or 8 years ago when I was on EMI , and someone at EMI business affairs contacted my manager and told them that I was n't allowed to play my own music when I DJ'ed because they did n't want people in the audience pirating it . This was back in the days of the Nokia flip phone . If someone recorded a song in a nightclub it would be the worst sounding recording you could possibly imagine . You probably would n't even be able to identify the song . That seemed like nonsense to me .
My approach is to not try and control it at all . I really like the idea of not just giving people finished content . It 's giving them something that if they choose to they can manipulate and play with however they want . There 's absolutely no restrictions on it and that makes me happy . When people try to control content in the digital world , there 's something about that that seems kind of depressing to me . The most interesting results happen when there is no control . I love the democratic anarchy of the online world .
The musician Moby has long been an outspoken critic of the old recording industry . He 's been a big fan of giving away works for free ( and noting that he 's made quite a bit of money from music he 's made available for free ) and has argued strongly against the old gatekeepers . He 's criticized their anti-innovation views , suggested the RIAA should disband for suing music fans , and said they ca n't wait for the major label gatekeepers to die So it should n't be too surprising that Moby happily teamed up with BitTorrent to release their latest album as a BitTorrent bundle for free ( you just have to provide an email address ) . But here 's the more surprising part . Not only is they happily making it available for free , but he 's actually fine with peoplefrom potential remixes or other uses of the music . As they explained in a recent interview with Mashable This is a really enlightened view . Even among people who are accepting of how to use free in a business model , we still see artists get uptight about `` commercial use '' -- even though it 's often not entirely clear what qualifies as commercial use . We 've long advocated that more people should be open to the idea of allowing commercial use of their works , as the potential benefits for everyone -- including the artist and fans -- could be great . I recognize this still makes some artists ( who otherwise support remix and open culture ) nervous , but I think as we get more examples of artists who allow for commercial use , and see how well it works , that we 'll see more artists get comfortable with allowing others to profit as well.The rest of the Moby interview is worth reading as well . They point out that artists who adapt are n't worried about infringement : He also talks about how great other services like Spotify , SoundCloud and Pandora are -- and notes that he 's actively lobbied Congress not to restrict such services . They also talk about how ridiculous it was when their old label , EMI , tried to control everything to prevent infringement : Instead , they note , that wonderful things happen when you stop focusing so much on control , and let creativity and innovation flow : This kind of stuff is very refreshing after the latest round of artists on the wrong side of history trying to hold back creativity , culture , innovation and progress .
Filed Under : bittorrent , business models , control , free , moby , music , recording industry , sharing
Now let 's talk about the organization of this group of accusers going after Trump .
The accusations span a number of years , the women come from different backgrounds and have different stories to tell ( some , like those of the beauty queens ' are similar ) . It goes to reason that a considerable amount of work went into making this happen .
As I stated in my earlier piece about today 's press conference , they 're being brought together by Brave New Films , a non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization that creates documentary videos .
So get a load of the list of video titles they 're responsible for :
Stand Up , Senate ! The President-elect is a hypocrite .
Protect Public Education – Stop Betsy DeVos !
Indivisible : A Practical Guide For Resisting The Trump Agenda
GETTING DONALD TRUMP OFF NBC 'S SNL
They claim to be non-partisan , but it does n't really sound that way , does it ?
So they 're backing the Trump accusers , but who 's backing them ?
One of Brave New Films ' donors is Open Society Foundations , a leftist organization whose founder and chairperson is George Soros , who has given “ over $ 32 billion to fund the Open Society Foundations , which work in over 100 countries around the world . ”
They 're not non-partisan . Were it so , I 'm pretty sure a Soros-backed entity would n't be footing the bill .
The things they 're alleging came before Brave New Films got ahold of them , however .
And they were called liars long before this Soros connection to the documentary makers was uncovered .
So does this new revelation mean all the women are lying ?
No .
Does it mean they 're all telling the truth ?
No .
They deserve to be heard , no matter what .
It 'll make for some interesting ( and predictable ) chatter on social media and news chat shows , for awhile .
Mumbai : Infosys Ltd co-founder N.R . Narayana Murthy dismissed artificial intelligence and automation as “ more hype than reality '' , even as they admitted that the current times are difficult for the information technology ( IT ) sector .
They also criticized the high salary hike that senior managements have been apportioning themselves and asked them to make “ sacrifices to maintain the common man 's faith in capitalism '' .
“ I think that is not the way to make capitalism acceptable to the larger masses in a country that has huge poverty , '' they said , speaking at IIT Bombay 's Mood Indigo event over the weekend . “ If we believe in capitalism , if we believe that is the best solution for the country to move forward , then leaders of capitalism will have to demonstrate self restraint in apportioning to themselves part of the benefits that come out of running companies , '' they added .
Murthy also called the trend of no hikes for juniors and freshers as “ worrisome '' . In the last seven years , the salaries of freshers in the software industry have stayed stagnant while the same for senior-level employees have grown by up to 1,000 % , they said . “ If all of us make sacrifices , then the youngsters will understand . ''
According to Murthy , the IT sector is passing through a trough that is cyclical in nature and may occur once a few years . One of the reasons for this is the investments in information technology done by the developed world clients in the past , they said , adding they are waiting to reap the benefits of the same before starting to invest again . He , however , dismissed the change in the technological landscape that is being brought about by automation and artificial intelligence .
“ There is this whole thing about automation and artificial intelligence . That is much more hype than the reality , at least in the software services , '' Murthy said .
The domestic IT sector employs over 4 million directly and its revenue has crossed $ 150 billion , according to industry lobby group Nasscom . It has warned that the rate of hiring is slowing down , while some IT companies concede that a fewer number of people are required to do the work for the same revenue billing .
Many industry reports have highlighted steep decline in hiring in the software space primarily because of automation which has been eating up tens of thousands of human jobs annually . So far this fiscal year , there has no net increase in hiring by the industry .
( This blog post discusses CPU time profiling , but not space ( memory ) profiling . We 'll come back to that in Part 2 . )
We use a range of different programming languages at Pusher and are always looking for ways to squeeze every bit of performance from them .
Recently , I 've been on a project to explore what other tools are out there to aid us in optimising our Haskell codebase . Here , I wanted to share a simple guide to getting started with the language and a few useful tools we 've found to help get the most of it .
Flying flags in GHC
When using the Glasgow Haskell Compiler to turn source code into machine code , we found setting flags can reduce CPU time by around 20 % . An easy way to get a quick performance boost with minimal effort :
-funfolding-use-threshold=16 -O2 -optc-O3
To optimise further , we have to do the work ourselves . You ca n't optimise what you ca n't see so firstly we need to visualise performance to understand where the opportunities lie to reduce latency . Luckily GHC includes a time and space profiling system letting you identify issues with run speed and overuse of memory . Next we need to set the flags :
-rtsopts -prof -auto-all -caf-all
Then when the compiled program is run with the flags +RTS -p it generates a file called yourprog.prof This should look something like this :
This profile file shows the CPU time spent in each cost centre , which in this case generally correspond to functions in the source code . The cost is the time or space required to run an expression .
Learn more : ‘ Compiler options for profiling ' from Haskell 's GHC user guide
You can get quite far by looking at this profile . However , whilst it makes it easy to identify expensive functions , the full call tree is hard to explore for large programs .
But worry not there are a number of tools that help with this .
FlameGraph
Brendan D. Gregg 's FlameGraph is a language independent tool for rendering flame graphs from text based .folded files . A flame graph is a visualisation of software profiles that allows you to quickly identify the most frequent code-paths .
The first thing to do when using FlameGraph is to converts your .prof profile files into the .folded files required by FlameGraph . Fortunately there is a Haskell tool , ghc-prof-flamegraph to do just that . Then you can run FlameGraph on the resulting file to get an SVG , which can be viewed in the browser .
Learn more : Flame graphs for GHC time profiles by Francesco Mazzoli
FlameGraph 's visualisation a useful way of getting a rough idea of where the program was spending its time . We also liked the fact that the sub components of the graph can be expanded interactively .
Profiteur
If you need to get serious then we 've found Profiteur offers more power and precision .
Profiteur shows more stats about the time spent in each function , and importantly the children of each function . You can interactively drill down into function call by just double-clicking the squares on the right . The size of each square represents the CPU time taken to execute the function .
Learn more : Profiteur : a visualiser for Haskell GHC .prof files by Jasper Van der Jeugt
The next step is to learn how to profile threads .
Thread profiling
First of all compile your program with :
-threaded -eventlog -rtsopts
Then run the program with
+RTS -ls -NX
( X is the number of cores to run the program on )
Threadscope has a great little UI - features like Zooming make it quick to hone in on specific areas . It also does a great job revealing the impact of garbage collection .
However , it only shows OS threads . To dig deeper , you need to use Well-Typed 's ghc-events-analyze .
Well-Typed 's tool breaks down program by greenthreads . Haskell programs run on many virtual ( green ) threads that are scheduled within a single OS thread , therefore this tool provides much more fine grained insight .
We found the tool much more useful once we had labelled threads using the function labelThread , which gives them names in the output graph . This was almost essential to get a breakdown of time spent in each greenthread over time . We also found ghc-events-analysize to be very useful to break down the latency of the program .
Additionally , you can use the function traceEventIO to label periods of time , these are then rendered in the output graph .
So , for example if you want to see which part of a program a particular requests spends most of its time in , you can label each component , and the graph will show regions of time that correspond to these labels .
Learn more : Performance profiling with ghc-events-analyze from Well-Typed 's blog
One drawback to be aware of when using Well-Typed 's tools is that output is just an SVG image with no interactivity . It 's also worth mentioning that sometimes , we found the software to be a bit unreliable and discovered bugs in the generated SVG files . So it 's always good to keep a keen eye on what is being output .
Haskell Folks
What we 've covered above should be enough to get you started . These tips and tools will help you get the most out of Haskell 's framework enabling you to improve performance quite dramatically .
We hope you find these useful and look forward to hearing your thoughts . Soon I 'll be following up with part 2 , taking a closer look at memory profiling , in the meantime if you have any questions do n't hesitate to get in touch . Oh , and we are hiring .
Can we change the sort of person to whom we 're attracted ? That question comes up again and again in discussions about sexuality and culture , most infamously around the issue of whether gay and lesbian people can `` become straight . '' But it 's not just the malleability of sexual orientation that 's open to debate . A more basic question is whether our cravings reflect something innate within us , or whether they 're shaped by our longing for status . Nowhere is that issue more charged than around the subject of men 's desires and women 's bodies .
Eating disorders — and the broader problem of poor body image — are n't unique to women , nor can they be attributed to one single cause . But it 's undeniable that whatever the truth about men 's desires , young women 's perception of `` what guys want '' plays a huge part in the pursuit of thinness . While the fashion industry deserves some blame for perpetuating an unattainable ideal , men 's refusal to acknowledge the reality of their own desires is a key aspect of the problem . In other words , it 's not that all men — or even most straight white men — genuinely prefer skinny women . It 's that for a great many men , having a thin , conventionally pretty girlfriend is a way to win status in the eyes of other men . It 's not actually about what they themselves want . Put simply , men and women alike confuse what it is that men are attracted to with what it is that men imagine will win them approval .
Writing in the Times last weekend , Alice Randall reminded us that what we lust after is at least partly socially conditioned . In `` Why Black Women Are Fat , '' Randall argues that many black women are unhealthily overweight because of their perceptions of black male desire : `` How many middle-aged white women fear their husbands will find them less attractive if their weight drops to less than 200 pounds ? I have yet to meet one . But I know many black women whose sane , handsome , successful husbands worry when their women start losing weight . My lawyer husband is one . '' Randall cites the 1967 Joe Tex hit Skinny Legs and All ( a forerunner to the 1992 Sir Mix-a-Lot anthem Baby Got Back ) and its dismissiveness of thin women as a reason why they grew up `` praying for fat thighs . ''
Though Randall acknowledges that obesity among black women has many causes , they lead off by fingering black women 's expectations of what black men want . Them article raises two obvious points . First , if black women are fearful of losing weight because of how their black male partners will react , surely the same thing is true in reverse for many American white women who fear gaining weight . Second , Randall 's claim about black men 's preference for fat makes it clear just how much male desire for specific body types is driven by culture rather than by evolution . ( No one has yet discovered an `` I prefer fat women '' gene that 's dominant in black men and recessive in white dudes . ) And if it 's cultural , then — as Randall suggests in their article — it can be changed , ca n't it ?
In their superb book about young American men , Guyland , sociologist Michael Kimmel writes : `` masculinity is a homosocial experience , performed for , and judged by , other men . '' Though guys usually have sex in private , they have romantic relationships in public — and `` hot '' women are talismans of masculinity to be displayed to other men . For white guys , a woman 's svelte figure is the indispensable quality that will help them establish cachet with other men . But their hunger ( no pun intended ) for thin women has much less to do with actual sexual desire than it does with the longing to boost one 's standing , a point made devastatingly clear in a post last week by Jennifer Fink at Blogging About Boys :
Yesterday , my six-year-old — my innocent , cherubic-faced 6-year-old — told me that their `` rich , secret life '' would include lots of tractors . And 1000 girls . The tractors were no surprise . This boy has loved John Deere tractors and all kinds of heavy construction equipment from day one . 1000 girls , though ? That surprised me . What kind of girls , I asked ? They motioned me closer and whispered in my ear : `` Sexy . '' Then added : `` Not fat . ''
No one seriously believes Fink 's 6-year-old son was expressing a genuinely sexual attraction to thin women . Their answer , however , reveals an obvious truth : so much of our cultural loathing for women 's fat ( to the extent that it exists ) is rooted not in sexual desire but in men 's sense that skinny women are trophies ( like lots of John Deere tractors ? ) whose function is to impress other dudes . It 's not that straight men are n't physically attracted to women ; they obviously are . It 's that the longing for thinness has little ( if anything ) to do with sex , and everything to do with status .
Advertisement
But we also know , as Camile Dodero wrote recently in the Village Voice , that there are a hell of a lot of guys who are attracted to heavier women . As Dodero points out , however , that desire gets stigmatized as a strange fetish rather than a perfectly normal variation . But what makes these guys unusual is n't their interest in women who are n't skinny — it 's their implicit rejection of the idea that their sexual and romantic choices should be driven by the desire to impress other men . Well , good for them .
This does n't mean , of course , that slender women are n't attractive , or that all of men 's sexual preferences are simply about trying to win approval from other guys . Yet as Alice Randall , Joe Tex , and Sir Mix-a-Lot all remind us , what men want has at least as much to do with culture as with biology . In the black community , Randall suggests , those expectations about male desire have encouraged female obesity ; among middle-class whites , expectations about what men want play at least a strong supporting role in women 's destructive pursuit of thinness . No , it 's not all `` men 's fault . '' But men are hardly innocent bystanders either . As the anecdote about Jennifer Fink 's six year-old makes painfully clear , what guys are taught to find attractive drives their desire at least as much as does their evolutionary hardwiring .
The sooner we start challenging men to think about why they want what they say they want , the sooner we 'll start moving towards at least one part of the solution to the body image crisis .
Advertisement
Image by Jim Cooke
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Oct. 20 , 2016 , 1:47 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 13 , 2017 , 11:47 AM GMT / Source : TODAY By Eun Kyung Kim
Following Donald Trump 's refusal to say he 'd accept the results of the upcoming election , a letter President George H.W . Bush penned to their successor in 1993 as they left the White House is making the rounds as an example of grace in defeat .
The handwritten Inauguration Day letter wishes “ great happiness ” to Bill Clinton , who defeated Bush in a crushing 1992 re-election bid.The outgoing president also offers encouragement and some basic advice for dealing with critics .
RELATED : Mike Pence : Donald Trump and I will accept election results if 'vote is fair '
“ Your success now is our country 's success . I am rooting hard for you , ” Bush concludes .
Presidents writing letters to their successors and leaving them in the Oval Office on Inauguration Day is a White House ritual . George W. Bush left one for President Obama in 2009 .
Ronald Reagan , in their note to the elder Bush , their vice president , famously counseled , `` Do n't let the turkeys get you down . ''
George H.W . Bush 's magnanimous sentiment contrasts the vitriolic tone Trump has used regarding next month 's general election .
During Wednesday night 's presidential debate , the Republican nominee twice refused to say they would accept the election outcome if they lose the race .
That threat defies tradition when past presidential candidates have conceded to ensure a peaceful transition of power .
In response , several Twitter users found Bush 's words worth sharing .
`` A grace note from another age , '' one wrote .
As Arrow heads into its fifth season , the superhero drama is taking aim at the past . The renewed focus on what 's come before is appropriate for The CW 's long-running series , as it will reach the landmark 100th episode , a feat rarely met today .
“ We have found a lot of inspiration in going back and looking at what we 've done the previous four years , ” executive producer Wendy Mericle told ET in a recent sit-down in Beverly Hills , California , of the new season 's “ nostalgic ” focus . “ You have the benefit of having all that experience and knowledge , what works and what does n't . ”
RELATED : Stephen Amell Says Their Russian Is Getting Better , Teases 'Arrow ' Season 5
“ It 's nostalgic , going back to our roots in season one and really revisiting what everyone loved about that first season , ” they later added .
It 's not just those involved with Arrow behind the scenes who are taking inspiration from the show 's history . Oliver Queen , who was introduced as a murderous vigilante , will be taking stock at a life led and what their future may hold . “ He 's looking back at their own past and their own legacy , ” Mericle said .
It 's a stark contrast from where Oliver was at the start of the show , when they were nothing but a remorseless killer with “ total tunnel vision ” on righting their father 's wrongs . “ That 's all living in the past , ” Mericle said of Oliver 's original mindset . “ This is the first time he 's had the maturity and the space to think about , well , how long can you do this ? ”
RELATED : Stephen Amell Teases The CW Superhero Crossover With On-Set Pic
That 's where the new recruits come into play . The newly-elected mayor of Star City will find themselves taking on a new “ team ” of sorts -- including Wild Dog , a faux Canary and even Curtis Holt -- while the original Team Arrow remains disbanded for the time being .
“ They do n't know what they 're doing -- and Oliver knows that . Truth be told , I 'm not sure how excited Oliver is taking on anybody , ” Mericle said of the new vigilantes-in-training . “ In a season where we 're talking about their past , he 's fine to be out there on their own . They start to think about their future and training them and what the legacy is [ that ] they want to leave for their city . That 's really where he 's coming from . ”
The CW
Season five also marks the final year of Oliver 's island flashbacks , closing the loop on a years-long journey that fans have embarked on since the pilot in 2012 . The anticipated flashbacks will focus primarily on Oliver 's time in Russia as they rise through the ranks of one of the country 's most dangerous gangs , the Bratva .
“ We want to do it right . It 's something the fans have been waiting for , ” Mericle said . “ We want to make it gritty and dark and true to what that world would look like … We 're headed towards not just an endgame , but an iconic moment in our show . ”
RELATED : Katie Cassidy Is Returning to the 'Arrow ' Universe -- Find Out How !
Dolph Lundgren , who plays the Russian big bad Kovar ( mentioned at the end of season four ) , will give Oliver and star Stephen Amell a run for their money . “ Stephen 's excited to take them on , ” Mericle said with a smile . “ He 's a force of a nature , and Stephen -- and Oliver -- will have to take that on and figure out how to conquer [ him ] . ”
Oliver 's time in Russia will directly parallel what he 'll be going through in present-day Star City , and unfortunately for fans of the Oliver and Felicity pairing , things may not be back on track right away .
“ They 're not together when we come back , ” Mericle said of “ Olicity 's ” future . “ Oliver 's in this space now where he 's got two huge full-time jobs and he 's trying to figure out where they are the most effective . ”
RELATED : Watch Oliver Come to Felicity 's Rescue in the 'Arrow ' Season 4 Finale
“ Felicity is still dealing with -- they directed a missile at 20,000 people and they died , ” they continued . “ This is the first time she 's coming face to face with the reality of ‘ Oh my god , I 'm responsible for the deaths of [ all these ] people . For where they both are character-wise , the relationship is not at the top of their priority list right now . ”
If the writers have a plan for Oliver and Felicity in the romantic sense , Mericle is n't dropping any hints -- for now .
“ The relationship , much to the chagrin to the Laurel fans , was borne out of that symbiotic relationship between the writers , what we were seeing on the dailies and the actors . We 're going to stay consistent on that , ” they said . “ We 're going to continue to see where these characters lead us . So it could go where the Olicity fans want… or not . ”
Arrow returns Oct. 5 at 8 p.m. ET/PT on The CW .
Prints strong , semi-rigid , high-res , pantone-like color plastics fast
Ready-to-use parts and assemblies directly from the printer
Only continuous-tone , full-color plastic 3D printer available today
Green safe print process with minimal waste reduces parts cost
ROCK HILL , South Carolina and Frankfurt , Germany – December 2 , 2013 – 3D Systems ( NYSE : DDD ) today announced the immediate availability of its ProJet® 4500 3D printer , the first and only continuous-tone , full-color plastic 3D printer available on the market . This category-defining 3D printer delivers ready-to-use vibrant , full-color durable plastic parts straight out of the printer for a wide range of modeling , functional prototyping and real-use products .
The ProJet 4500 builds on 3DS ' powerful ColorJet Printing ( CJP ) technology platform and comes with a new class of sustainable VisiJet® C4 Spectrum materials . This revolutionary printer delivers strong semi-rigid parts , pixel-by-pixel , straight out of the printer , in high-resolution , pantone-like color with a superior surface finish . Safe for office , easy-to-use , sustainable to operate and fast to print on , the ProJet 4500 is economical and comes with fully integrated material recycling for greater yield and better total material usage .
“ Leapfrogging from monochrome to full-color functional plastics redefines ‘ the possible ' for designers , engineers , architects , marketers and artists , ” said Buddy Byrum , Vice President , Product and Channel Management , 3D Systems . “ For the first time ever , users can get directly out of a 3D printer real-use parts , vibrant models , and functional prototypes in full color , quickly , accurately and affordably . ”
The ProJet 4500 prints fast , generates minimal waste , requires no supports and delivers ready-to-use , full-color , functional parts and assemblies without post-processing or painting . This category-defining 3D printer is ideal for consumer products , home furnishings , healthcare , toys and collectibles companies , and completely shifts the paradigm for professionals engaged in architectural modeling , marketing communications , fashion design and more .
3DS invented the CJP class of 3D printers and was the first to commercialize 3D powder-based systems in 1994 . Today its CJP class printers are the undisputed category leader .
Get your ProJet 4500 with functional VisiJet C4 Spectrum materials today and begin to manufacture the future today at http : //www.3dsystems.com/3d-printers/professional/projet-4500 .
3DS is demonstrating the ProJet 4500 and revealing a dozen new products that catapult its entire portfolio of design-to-manufacturing solutions forward at EuroMold 2013 in Frankfurt , Germany , December 3 – 6 , 2013 at the Frankfurt Messe , hall 11 , stand E68 . The exponential speed , size and capacity gains delivered by these groundbreaking printers , advanced material options , and new scan-to-design and inspection tools defines the very essence of 3DPRINTING 2.0 .
About 3D Systems Corporation
3D Systems is a leading provider of 3D content-to-print solutions including 3D printers , print materials and cloud sourced on-demand custom parts for professionals and consumers alike with materials including plastics , metals , ceramics and edibles . The company also provides integrated software and hardware tools including scan to CAD and inspection . Its expertly integrated solutions replace and complement traditional methods and reduce the time and cost of designing new products by printing real parts directly from digital input . These solutions are used to rapidly design , create , communicate , prototype or produce real parts , empowering customers to manufacture the future .
More information on the company is available at www.3DSystems.com .
Its unmistakable smell permeates Seoul subway carriages during the rush hour , and aficionados claim it is the healthiest food on the planet .
Once valued as a source of vitamin C before the arrival of refrigerators , kimchi now crops up on menus far from its birthplace on the Korean peninsula . The spicy , garlicky cabbage dish is to be found as a pizza topping and taco filling in the UK , Australia and the US , where the Obamas are said to be converts . Kimjang , the traditionally communal act of making kimchi , was recently awarded world cultural heritage status by Unesco .
But despite its growing popularity in restaurants from Los Angeles to London , South Korea 's national dish is in crisis in its country of origin . To kimchi 's basic ingredients of napa cabbage , garlic , seasoning and copious amounts of chilli power , we can now add a trade war with China and fears of lasting damage to Korean cultural identity .
According to the World Institute of Kimchi , South Korea 's kimchi exports were worth $ 89.2m ( £54m ) in 2013 , down 16 % on the previous year . But imports – almost all of which come from China – rose almost 6 % to $ 117.4m . That left the South Koreans with a kimchi deficit of more than $ 28m – and a wound to their national pride that has festered since the trade imbalance first appeared in 2006 .
`` It 's a shame that so much of our kimchi comes from China , '' said Kwon Seung-hee , who teaches tourists how to make the dish at their guesthouse in Seoul . `` It 's cheap , but it does n't taste as good as ours . I can tell straight away if I 'm eating imported kimchi . ''
The kimchi deficit should have been foreseen , perhaps , when the dish made the transition from luxury food to popular staple in the late 18th century . To keep up with demand , Korea began importing cabbages from China .
Kimchi is an indispensable part of the Korean diet , with South Koreans eating almost 2m tonnes every year . Though it often appears in stews and soups , no meal is considered complete without a side dish of cabbage kimchi , along with variations made from daikon radish , cucumber , perilla leaf or a host of other seasonal vegetables .
`` The making of kimchi … is a culture that continues to be shared by virtually all Koreans and is a significant part of their lives , '' Park Hei-woong , a cultural heritage administration official , said when the Unesco status was announced at the end of last year , adding that kimchi-making maintained the `` cohesiveness of Korean communities … and is an essential part of the Korean cultural identity '' .
There are an estimated 100 varieties from the fresh , crunchy dish preferred in the north to the more pungent version commonly eaten further south . According to the cultural heritage administration in Seoul , about 95 percent of Koreans eat kimchi more than once a day ; more than 60 percent have it for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
According to Jia Choi , president of O'ngo Food Communications , a cookery school in Seoul , kimchi forms the basis of a perfectly balanced meal : several dishes made with seasonal vegetables , with a smaller quantity of rice or noodle dishes providing the carbohydrate .
Traditionally , meat was never considered part of the Korean culinary jigsaw , and the famed barbecue restaurants that line Seoul 's streets today only took off after the city hosted the summer Olympics in 1988 .
`` The Unesco award certainly gave us an added sense of pride , '' said Choi , who hopes kimchi 's international recognition will boost consumption among their young compatriots . `` Interest in traditional Korean traditional cuisine is waning . Kids today eat a more varied diet that includes a lot more western food , and that 's why kimchi consumption is declining year after year . ''
A stall selling kimchi in South Korea . Photograph : Justin McCurry for the Guardian
If children develop a kimchi habit while dining out , they will almost certainly be served the Chinese version . Chinese kimchi is cheaper and , for most diners , impossible to identify as a `` fraud '' . The trade deficit , coupled with declining consumption at home , has been described by one politician as an ordeal `` as harsh as a Korean winter '' . But South Koreans are now looking beyond their own borders to secure kimchi 's long-term future .
Korean cuisine has been part of the trendy food scene in parts of California for several years and was among Forbes magazine 's top 10 food trends of 2013 .
Kimchi and other staples such as bulgogi [ ] , japchae [ ] and samgyeopsal are also finding their way on to menus in parts of the areas of the UK outside the Korean expat enclave of New Malden .
Many Britons had their first taste of kimchi , along with more than 100 other Korean foods during a two-week Tesco promotion at the end of last year , when overall imports of Korean food products to the UK rose 135 percent compared with 2012 .
And after years of being overlooked , Korean cuisine has joined other Asian cuisines on the UK celebrity chef beat , as demonstrated by the Hairy Bikers in a programme from South Korea that aired this week .
`` We need to keep pushing Korean-made kimchi as authentic , in the same way that European countries promote their cheese and wine , '' said Choi . `` We 're a tiny country compared to China , so although we ca n't compete in terms of volume , we can remind people around the world that our kimchi is authentic and safe . ''
Kimchi is usually made from napa cabbage , garlic , seasoning and chilli powder . Photograph : Brian Yarvin / Alamy/Alamy
How to make kimchi
A quarter of a head of napa cabbage , soaked in brine overnight
A quarter of a cup of coarse sea salt for the brine
100g daikon radish
30g spring onion
5 tbsp chilli powder
20g shrimp sauce
2 tsp minced garlic
1 tsp minced ginger
1 tbsp sugar
1 . Julienne the daikon radish and cut the spring onion into 3cm slivers .
2 . Colour the radish with the chilli powder then add the spring onion and all of the other ingredients except the cabbage to make the paste . Give it a thorough mixing . Rubber or plastic gloves recommended .
3 . Place the cabbage in a shallow tray and along with the paste . Starting with the outer leaves and working in , smear generous amounts of the paste on each leaf until the entire cabbage is covered .
4 . Tightly press the leaves together to create a bundle , and transfer the cabbage to an airtight container and place it in the fridge .
You can eat the kimchi after a few days ; for a more pungent dish , leave it to ferment for a month to several weeks .
Courtesy of O'ngo Food Communications
• This article was amended on 21 March 2014 . The recipe mistakenly omitted 1/4 cup coarse sea salt for the brine and the 30g spring onion was wrongly changed to 3g in the editing process . These have been corrected .
'Sea of red ' as crabs begin migration across Christmas Island
Updated
A sea of red crabs has started taking over Christmas Island as the annual breeding migration gets underway .
Rain has triggered the start of the season , and over the coming weeks millions of red crabs will move from the island 's forest to the coast , to mate and spawn .
Christmas Island Tourism Association marketing manager Linda Cash said it was an extraordinary sight .
`` It 's a sea of red , '' they told ABC North West .
`` I have seen it for 10 years and every time I see it I am just totally amazed .
`` The sound , you can imagine millions and millions of crabs sort of crawling across the island , so the sound is quite extraordinary . ''
They said roads would be closed if the crabs started moving onto them .
`` There are crab barriers too , they are just like plastic barriers that parks put along the road and the crabs ca n't actually climb over it and it forces them to go into the crab tunnels , '' they said .
`` Christmas Island has a network of crab tunnels that allows the crabs to safely cross the roads .
`` There are even crab bridges .
`` Crabs will do whatever they need to do to get to their destination , so they will use the tunnels or the bridges if they are blocked by the barriers . ''
Ms Cash said the spectacle attracted people from all over the world .
`` People plan for years to come and see this , '' they said .
Topics : animals-and-nature , christmas-island
First posted
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Senate leaders announced a deal on Wednesday to end a political crisis that partially shut down the federal government and brought the world 's biggest economy close to a debt default that could have threatened global financial calamity .
The deal , however , offers only a temporary fix and does not resolve the fundamental issues of spending and deficits that divide Republicans and Democrats . It funds the government until January 15 , so Americans face the possibility of another government shutdown early next year .
U.S. stocks surged , nearing an all-time high , on news of the deal , which must still be approved by vote in the Senate and the House of Representatives . But trading volumes remained low , underscoring how the political brinkmanship in Washington has unnerved Wall Street .
A stand-off between Republicans and the White House over funding the government forced the temporary lay-off of hundreds of thousands of federal workers from October 1 and created concern that crisis-driven politics was the “ new normal ” in Washington .
Senator John McCain , whose fellow Republicans triggered the crisis with demands that President Barack Obama 's signature “ Obamacare ” healthcare law be defunded , said on Wednesday the deal marked the “ end of an agonizing odyssey ” for Americans .
“ It is one of the most shameful chapters I have seen in the years I 've spent in the Senate , ” said McCain , who had repeatedly warned Republicans not to link their demands for Obamacare changes to the debt limit or government spending bill .
House Speaker John Boehner said Republicans in the House would not block the Senate plan . Both chambers were expected to vote later in the day , clearing the way for Obama to sign it into law before Thursday , when the Treasury says it will exhaust its borrowing authority .
The deal would extend U.S. borrowing authority until February 7 , although the Treasury Department would have tools to temporarily extend its borrowing capacity beyond that date if Congress failed to act early next year . The deal would fund government agencies until the middle of January .
The agreement includes some income verification procedures for those seeking subsidies under the healthcare law , but Republicans surrendered on their attempts to include other changes , including the elimination of a medical device tax .
With Republicans in the House of Representatives divided on the way forward , White House spokesperson Jay Carney said “ we are not putting odds on anything ” when asked about a House vote on the Senate plan .
RACE AGAINST TIME
While analysts and U.S. officials say the government will still have roughly $ 30 billion in cash to pay many obligations for at least a few days after October 17 , the financial sector may begin to seize up if the deal is not finalized in both chambers .
The planned votes signal a temporary ceasefire between Republicans and the White House in their latest no-holds-barred struggle over spending and deficits that has at times paralyzed both decision-making and basic functions of government .
The political dysfunction has worried U.S. allies and creditors such as China , the biggest foreign holder of U.S. debt , and raised questions about the impact on America 's prestige . The Treasury has said it risks hurting the country 's reputation as a safe haven and stable financial center .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Republican leader Mitch McConnell announced the fiscal agreement on the Senate floor , where it was expected to win swift approval after a main Republican critic of the deal , Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , said they would not use procedural moves to delay a vote .
The deal is seen as a victory for Obama , who held firm and refused to negotiate on changes to Obamacare , but a defeat for Republicans , who are suffering a backlash from the American public , according to public opinion polls .
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D-NV ) announces a last-minute deal to avert a historic lapse in the government 's borrowing ability , in this still image taken from video from the floor of the Senate at the U.S. Capitol in Washington October 16 , 2013 . REUTERS/U.S . Senate TV/Handout
It was unclear if Boehner 's leadership position will be at risk in the fallout . But several Republican lawmakers suggested they may have strengthened their standing among the rank-and-file , who applaud them for standing with them .
“ The Speaker got a standing ovation , ” after telling lawmakers during a closed-door meeting that they would put the Senate bill on the House floor , said Representative David Nunes of California , who had opposed the government shutdown strategy of their colleagues .
“ He just said we live to fight another day and we all need to go out and vote for it , ” Nunes said .
The fight over Obamacare rapidly grew into a brawl over the debt ceiling , threatening a default that global financial organizations warned could throw the United States back into recession and cause a global economic disaster .
“ Even though the market is moving up , this is a real historic event that is happening here so there is pause and concern , ” said Frank Davis , director of sales and trading at LEK Securities in New York .
“ You are seeing a lack of activity because it 's hard to invest in a market where you do n't know what 's around the corner . ”
The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index ended the day up around 1.3 percent .
Fitch Ratings had warned on Tuesday that it could cut the U.S. sovereign credit rating from AAA , citing the political brinkmanship over raising the debt ceiling .
The deal announced on Wednesday would basically give Obama what they have demanded for months : A straight-forward debt limit hike and government funding bill .
Slideshow ( 14 Images )
A resolution to the crisis can not come soon enough for many companies . American consumers have put away their wallets , at least temporarily , instead of spending on big-ticket items like cars and recreational vehicles .
“ We 're sort of ‘ crises-ed ' out , ” said Tammy Darvish , vice president of DARCARS Automotive Group , a family-run company that owns 21 auto dealerships in the greater Washington area .
Many political pundits and Democratic Party politicians have predicted for weeks that a faction of Republicans in the House would drag out the crisis before making a last-minute deal .
WHEN they were nine years old , Ma Nwe left school and began working and caring for their younger siblings .
After their father died , they took a job at a local factory in dangerous conditions working seven days a week , with one day off each month . They were just 13 years old .
Now there 's only one hope left for this teenage factory worker — their two younger sisters . “ When I left school , I was still young and I did n't feel much , ” they say . “ But now , when I see others going to school , I feel so sorry .
“ When they [ her sisters ] started school , I went to work . ”
This has been a tragic cycle for decades in Myanmar , which has one of the world 's highest child labour rates . Ma Nwe 's mother went to school for just two years , starting work as a labourer breaking rocks at 13 . “ I still do that job now , ” they say . “ I 've told my two youngest girls straight . If you are uneducated like me you will be poor ... They promised me that they would try hard . ”
Ma Nwe 's little sister Khet Khet is eight years old and says they want to be a teacher . They still attend a monastic school in Mandalay , and this is their older sister 's only hope for escaping the lifetime of poverty they were condemned to the moment they walked out of the classroom for the last time .
“ If I could n't go to school ... I 'd be a servant , ” says Khet Khet .
One in four children in Myanmar ( formerly Burma ) drop out of school , after decades of corrupt leadership tethered to the oil and gas industries plunged the country into poverty . Now the country finally has a democratic government , things are starting to change , but it 's a slow process .
It 's usually older children who leave school to care for their younger siblings or work to support the family . “ Kids would do two or three years school and then go out to work , ” Childfund program development officer Richard Geeves told news.com.au . “ For a lot of these kids , they 're unlikely to go to back to school , it 's too late .
“ Driving around the city [ Myanmar 's largest , Yangon ] , it 's obvious , the number of children on the street selling flowers , sweets , cleaning teashops . It is very evident .
“ It 's not uncommon to see kids asleep with their heads down on the counter because the hours can be so long .
“ In the country , it 's not so much petty trade as more physical labour — breaking rocks for roads , in fields or digging trenches . They have machines in cities but in the countryside a lot of work is often done by hand and it 's pretty backbreaking . The kids are n't dressed for it , they 're often wearing [ thongs ] or bare feet , they might be handling pesticides . ”
The average Myanmar adult has only completed 4.7 years of school . As many as 1.278 million children in the country aged 5-17 years work , half of them in areas deemed to be hazardous to their physical , psychological or moral wellbeing . Many work 10-hour days , seven days a week .
It can mean they have only a bleak future to look forward to , either continuing their repetitive , exhausting and boring labour for life , or falling victim to exploitation of a different kind .
“ One thing that always accompanies economic development is the darker side of life , ” says Mr Geeves . “ Children from areas of the country where there has been conflict are obviously much more easily exploited .
“ Historically , many migrate to Thailand and end up in the sex industry working in bars . Boys may be exploited for manual labour .
“ When you 're looking at trying to reduce the number of kids who work in exploitative industries , one of the best ways is to get them into school .
“ It gives them basic life skills to participate in society ... increases their chances of participating in a growing economy .
“ Otherwise , they are resigned to working at the bottom of the pyramid . ”
Support Childfund and its work with monastic schools in Myanmar here .
Bethesda has said that development of The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim 's second chunk of downloadable content , Hearthfire , has not slowed down the release of the PlayStation 3 version of Dawnguard .
Hearthfire was unveiled yesterday for Xbox 360 , though PS3 owners are still waiting patiently for the launch of the original expansion , Dawnguard .
However , writing on Twitter in response to a fan , marketing boss Pete Hines said that the company is “ working on multiple projects , even beyond those two things . The entire team does n't work on one thing at a time . ”
Hines was then asked of Dawnguard , “ But is it going to be delayed because of Hearthfire being in development ? ” to which they replied : “ No , they are separate things . ”
Bethesda delayed the PS3 version of Vampire-centric expansion Dawnguard earlier this summer , citing concerns over ‘ unsatisfactory ' quality . Many anticipated the DLC would launch for Sony 's platform after Microsoft 's 30-day exclusivity period had ended , which obviously failed to happen .
No further details are known at this point however . Stay tuned for more details as we get them .
Story highlights Bernie Sanders responded on Twitter
Trump mentioned Sanders in their speech
Washington ( CNN ) The morning after the Republican National Convention wrapped up Donald Trump said he 's confident that he 'll win `` a lot '' of Bernie Sanders voters .
`` We 're going to get a lot of the Bernie voters by the way , because they did n't treat them right , '' they told volunteers in Cleveland Friday . `` He ran a very , very good campaign and Hillary 's people just swamped him . ''
`` I will tell you . I think we 're going to get a lot of their voters , because of the trade issues because they understand , '' Trump added .
The comments are similar to ones Trump gave during their convention speech on Thursday night .
But the Vermont senator responded to Trump 's speech by saying their supporters wo n't back the GOP nominee 's `` bigotry and divisiveness . ''
Read More
Fixing the mark commands in transient mark mode
Most people , myself included , use transient-mark-mode ( or just tmm ) , a great piece of kit that makes Emacs behave sanely by using visible regions like other editors . But tmm can get in the way of Emacs 's point and mark system , as the mark also serves as a handy beacon that you can set with C-SPC and jump to with C-u C-SPC .
Sadly , most of the point and mark commands generally go unnoticed by people who never used Emacs without tmm . That 's a shame , because mastering the mark commands will greatly speed up movement and editing .
In tmm the command C-SPC activates the region and lets you select text as you see fit . That means if you want to set the mark ( and nothing else ) you have to follow up the preceding command with another C-SPC ( or C-g ) to abort the active region “ selection. ” That 's too much typing for something that should be second nature .
I use the following snippet below to explicitly set the mark . I bind it to C- ` , an unused key .
( defun push-mark-no-activate ( ) `` Pushes ` point ' to ` mark-ring ' and does not activate the region Equivalent to \\ [ set-mark-command ] when \\ [ transient-mark-mode ] is disabled '' ( interactive ) ( push-mark ( point ) t nil ) ( message `` Pushed mark to ring '' ) ) ( global-set-key ( kbd `` C- ` `` ) 'push-mark-no-activate )
The C-u C-SPC command is trickier , as the functionality in tmm can be very useful for precision work not served by specialist commands like mark-defun or kill-sexp . To jump to the mark I replace the binding on M- ` – an altogether useless command that opens up a terminal-friendly menu bar in the minibuffer – with a dedicated “ jump to mark ” command .
( defun jump-to-mark ( ) `` Jumps to the local mark , respecting the ` mark-ring ' order . This is the same as using \\ [ set-mark-command ] with the prefix argument . '' ( interactive ) ( set-mark-command 1 ) ) ( global-set-key ( kbd `` M- ` `` ) 'jump-to-mark )
The exchange-point-and-mark , bound to C-x C-x , will by default activate the region when it is invoked . You must use the prefix argument to suppress the activation , but I find that to be too cumbersome for day-to-day use so I disable it outright . The snippet below will do this , so if you do n't want that to happen do n't use the snippet below !
( defun exchange-point-and-mark-no-activate ( ) `` Identical to \\ [ exchange-point-and-mark ] but will not activate the region . '' ( interactive ) ( exchange-point-and-mark ) ( deactivate-mark nil ) ) ( define-key global-map [ remap exchange-point-and-mark ] 'exchange-point-and-mark-no-activate )
And there you have it . Mark commands without the interloping tmm to spoil the fun .
ECONOMY
Consumer spending rises as incomes grow
Consumer purchases climbed in September by the most in three months as incomes grew , signaling momentum in the biggest part of the U.S. economy .
The 0.5 percent advance in spending , which accounts for about 70 percent of the economy , followed a 0.1 percent decline the prior month that was revised lower , a Commerce Department report showed Monday .
While the results indicate a solid handoff into the final quarter of 2016 , disposable income , or the inflation-adjusted money left over after taxes , was little changed for a second month , indicating wages will need to pick up to boost spending more . Such support is needed to drive faster economic growth , which picked up last quarter despite softer household purchases .
Nominal incomes rose 0.3 percent after a 0.2 percent gain . Inflation-adjusted spending rose 0.3 percent in September after a 0.2 percent decline . The advance in purchases included a 1.8 percent jump in durable goods .
The September figures provide more perspective on how consumer spending was doing toward the end of the quarter . Household purchases grew 2.1 percent , or about half the pace as in the previous three-month period . The savings rate decreased to 5.7 percent from 5.8 percent . Wages and salaries rose 0.3 percent .
The report 's price gauge based on the personal consumption expenditures index , the Federal Reserve 's preferred measure of inflation , rose 1.2 percent from a year earlier , the most since November 2014 . Inflation has n't reached the Fed 's 2 percent goal since 2012 .
The core price measure , which excludes food and fuel , increased 1.7 percent from September 2015 .
— Bloomberg News
OIL aND gas
GE will create firm with Baker Hughes
General Electric said Monday it would merge its oil and gas business with Baker Hughes , creating the world 's second-largest oil field services provider as competition heats up to supply more-efficient products and services to the energy industry after several years of low crude prices .
The deal to create a company with $ 32 billion in annual revenue will combine GE 's strengths in making equipment long-prized by oil producers with Baker Hughes 's expertise in drilling and fracking new wells .
GE is the world 's largest oil field equipment maker , supplying blowout preventers , pumps and compressors used in exploration and production . GE also has invested heavily in large data processing services just as the oil industry eyes its potential to boost oil recovery .
Baker Hughes , by contrast , is seen as one of the world leaders in horizontal drilling , chemicals used to frack and other services key to oil production .
The new company will vault Baker Hughes 's market share ahead of rival Halliburton , which tried and failed to buy Baker last May , and also compete heavily with Schlumberger NV , the world 's largest oil field service provider , for customers .
GE will own 62.5 percent of the new publicly-traded company . The deal is expected to close in mid-2017 .
— Reuters
Also in Business
— From news services
Coming Today
— From news services
More than half of ground turkey samples are contaminated with fecal bacteria , according to a new study from Consumer Reports . In addition , the magazine found that more than 90 percent of the ground turkey samples it tested contained at least one of the five bacteria the test was looking for -- salmonella , Staphylococcus aureus , E. coli , enterococcus and campylobacter ( though no campylobacter was found ) . The test covered 257 retail samples from 21 states and 27 different brands , all purchased in retail stores .
Sixty-nine percent of the ground turkey samples tested by Consumer Reports contained enterococcus , and 60 percent harbored E. coli -- both of which are associated with fecal contamination . Some of the bacteria found in the tested samples can cause food poisoning , as well as urinary , bloodstream and other infections .
Industry groups were quick to attack the Consumer Reports findings . The National Turkey Federation refuted the study as `` alarmist '' in a press release on Tuesday .
`` The magazine reported high levels of certain pathogens on the samples tested , but it is important to note that the two most prevalent , enterococcus and generic E.coli , are not considered sources of foodborne illness , '' the federation wrote .
The American Meat Institute also offered its take on the study in a press release on Tuesday , saying that while `` the magazine chooses to focus today 's story on four bacteria their labs did find , the more important story is about the pathogenic bacteria of public health concern that they did n't find or found at remarkably low levels . ''
In addition to evidence associated with fecal contamination , Consumer Reports also found that many of the disease-causing organisms it tested were resistant to antibiotics used to fight them . Consumer Reports tested both conventional turkey meat and turkey meat from birds that were not fed antibiotics . Conventional ground turkey was compared to ground turkey labeled “ no antibiotics , ” “ organic , ” ( which does n't use antibiotics ) or “ raised without antibiotics ” -- and all were found to be equally likely to contain the bacteria the magazine included in its study . However , bacteria on the antibiotic-free ground turkey was less likely to be antibiotic-resistant .
A recent study by the Environmental Working Group found that antibiotic-resistant superbugs are on the rise . The report found that 81 percent of raw ground turkey , 69 percent of raw pork chops , 55 percent of raw ground beef and 39 percent of raw chicken parts purchased in stores in 2011 contained such bacteria .
The FDA objected to the Environmental Working Group report , and warned of oversimplification . In a New York Times letter to the editor , Bernadette Dunham , the Director of the Center for Veterinary Medicine , said that `` describing bacteria that are resistant to one , or even a few , drugs as 'superbugs ' is inappropriate . Rather , 'superbugs ' are pathogens that can cause severe disease and are very difficult to treat . ''
In response to the antibiotics resistance concerns raised by the Consumer Reports study , Betsy Booren , Chief Scientist the American Meat Institute , said in the AMI press release :
The U.S. meat and poultry industry supports the judicious use of antibiotics . The American Meat Institute recognizes that concerns exist and supports efforts now under way to phase out the use of antibiotics for growth promotion .
An electric steam cooker
A food steamer or steam cooker is a small kitchen appliance used to cook or prepare various foods with steam heat by means of holding the food in a closed vessel reducing steam escape . This manner of cooking is called steaming .
History [ edit ]
Two types of steaming vessels , metal and bamboo
Food steamers have been used for centuries . The ancient Chinese used pottery steamers to cook food . Archaeological excavations have uncovered pottery cooking vessels known as yan steamers ; a yan composed of two vessels , a zeng with perforated floor surmounted on a pot or caldron with a tripod base and a top cover . The earliest yan steamer dating from about 5000 BC was unearthed in the Banpo site . [ 1 ] In the lower Yangzi River , zeng pots first appeared in the Hemudu culture ( 5000–4500 BC ) and Liangzhu culture ( 3200–2000 BC ) and used to steam rice ; there are also yan steamers unearthed in several Liangzhu sites , including 3 found at the Chuodun and Luodun sites in southern Jiangsu . [ 2 ] In the Longshan culture ( 3000–2000 BC ) site at Tianwang in western Shandong , 3 large yan steamers were discovered . [ 3 ]
Advantages [ edit ]
A steam cooker catchment which collects water with condensed nutrients
Most steam cookers also feature a juice catchment which allows all nutrients ( otherwise lost as steam ) to be consumed . When other cooking techniques are used ( e.g. , boiling ) , these nutrients are generally lost , as most are discarded after cooking . [ citation needed ]
Due to their health aspect ( cooking without any oil ) , food steamers are used extensively in health-oriented diets such as Cuisine minceur , some raw food diets , the Okinawa diet , a macrobiotic diet , or the CRON-diet . [ citation needed ]
Food steamers release less heat to the kitchen environment , therefore helping keep the kitchen cool during hot summers . [ citation needed ]
Broccoli in a metal steamer pot
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A print of this painting can be bought here [ link ] In dreams anything is possible , what appears to be so real and natural in a dream seems so surreal and unnatural in the real world . A lone dreamer stares up at a huge winged giant carrying a giant artefact on their shoulders which is attached to them with huge golden chains , a beam of light guides the giant and their burden to their destination , but what destination ? And what purpose does this giant structure serve in this dreamscape ? As the giant walks it creates ripples of the environments surface , like standing on water , the ripples glow a fantastic cyan and emit strange glowing particles . The dreamer looks down to see the same effect where they are standing . This all feels so right , no fear , no shock just comfort , a sense that all is well . This land is perfect . This land is home._______________________________________________My entry to the CGSociety challenge themed Dreamscape , the past few challenges I have n't really been interested in , the last one I entered was Secret Agent which I had great fun participating in.This time I threw myself even further out of my comfort zone and painted something very different from my usual stuff but I have really enjoyed it . Inspired by Greek , Aztec , and Roman statues and myths I combined an odd giant similar to Atlas , only winged and carrying a huge golden structure coated with Aztec decorations . An odd sight yet this is a Dream . The POV is also an odd one , It 's looking up as though through water , you can see the `` surface '' as the giant steps onto it , as well as the dreamer . I got this idea of a solid water surface after watching Final Fantasy Spirits Within a while ago.Lots of great images being done for the contest so far , I 'd be happy if it just gets into the runner-up section hehe.Enjoy
When St. Louis Blues general manager Doug Armstrong swung a monumental deal at the end of February to bring in goaltender Ryan Miller , the intention was to accompany a steady defense with a superb goaltender . Judging by the Blues ' 1-0 shootout win against the Philadelphia Flyers Tuesday , the net looks to be safe with Miller 's heroics shining through at every turn .
The problem ? Their defense allowed 31 shots in the contest with many coming off solid opportunities .
This happens in the grand scheme of an NHL season to even the most seasoned of defenses . The high-powered 2008-09 Detroit Red Wings , which boasted talented defensemen Nicklas Lidstrom , Brian Rafalski and Niklas Kronwall , allowed opposing forwards to mutilate its reputation on occasion . However , this is something that is quickly becoming a trend with the Stanley Cup-hopeful Blues .
Since Miller first donned the Bluenote on March 2 , the Blues have suffered 30 shots or more in five of 16 contests ( one with Brian Elliott between the pipes against the Pittsburgh Penguins on March 23 ) . Although the team has seen a slight decrease in terms of shots against per game since the trade – 26.6 pre-Miller and 25.3 post-Miller – the quality of chances seems to be much higher .
This is not something that can not be calculated on NHL.com 's statistic generator or dreamed up using advanced stats . The only true way to look at this would be video evidence .
Pre-Miller scoring chances
Nov. 2 , 2013 at Tampa Bay
Halak ; 4-2 W
Nov. 19 , 2013 at Buffalo
Halak ; 4-1 W
On the first instance , it was Halak who failed a pass along the boards , allowing the Lightning 's Brett Connolly to sneak in and receive a high-quality scoring chance . The then-Blues goaltender had to scramble to make up for their mistake .
The second video shows that the Blues are actually in pretty good defensive position before the chance . Just before the first shot is taken by Buffalo 's Ville Leino , the Blues are in a defensive triangle while Schwartz rushes back into position . Roman Polak , the defenseman who attempts to block the initial chance , gave Leino little room to register a shot on goal . Halak had to come up big with the save before allowing a rebound to pop out . Even with a solid penalty kill , a goalie still has to be on top of their game . Halak was , thrusting their body over to make a secondary save to keep their team ahead at the time .
Post-Miller scoring chances
March 19 , 2014 at Chicago
Miller ; 4-0 L
April 1 , 2014
Miller ; 1-0 W ( SO )
The first video displays the third goal of the Blackhawks ' 4-0 drubbing of their Central Division rival . You can see the breakdown in coverage as Chicago entered the zone . Three skaters came in on the two St. Louis defensemen just before the Blackhawks caught the Blues watching the puck . Forward Peter Regin gathered the loose puck , slid it in front of the crease to a waiting Marcus Kruger , who gingerly skated their way past the defense . Miller stretched to attempt a miraculous save but came up short .
Tuesday night likely caused heart problems for the Blues ' coaching staff . All three videos displayed a lack in coverage , inability to keep up with the Flyers forwards and the Blues skaters succumbing to the Flyers ' relentless attack .
The second video , in particular , showcases a lackluster effort in the defensive zone . After Vincent Lecavalier entered the zone , Michael Raffl , the eventual shooter , cruised to the net unscathed . Defenseman Mark Streit faked off Kevin Shattenkirk with a shot , then slid a perfect pass to Raffl across Miller . Carlo Colaiacovo was in no-man 's land , allowing the Flyers ' forward to be uncontested for what was one of the best scoring chances of the night .
Is this just simply cherry-picking videos to mirror my point ? Certainly . The evidence is subjective , just as it is with any article , column , blog post or forum comment you read on the internet . You can call this entire post a hunch on my part , if you must .
This is plainly what I have seen from the Blues in the past month ; lackadaisical defensive play and blown assignments seem to be more evident as of late . Luckily , a goalie who is used to this type of play is now employed with the organization . Miller , whose former team allows 34.6 shots against per game ( 27th in the NHL ) , has proven time and again that they can rise above any lackluster play from their teammates . It 's not what management had in mind when they were acquired , though .
With just seven games remaining on the schedule , the Blues must rediscover that shut-down magic they possessed during most of the Halak-Elliott era . Imagine that paired with Miller 's sizzling saves in the crease .
That dream is what made Armstrong pull the trigger on acquiring the franchise goaltender .
The former Columbus Crew and USA winger Robbie Rogers has announced that they are gay , and that they have decided to `` step away '' from their career as a professional footballer .
In a statement published on their personal blog under the title The Next Chapter , the 25-year-old wrote : `` Things are never what they seem… My whole life I have felt different , different from my peers , even different from my family . In today 's society being different makes you brave . To overcome your fears you must be strong and have faith in your purpose .
`` For the past 25 year [ s ] I have been afraid , afraid to show whom I really was because of fear . Fear that judgment and rejection would hold me back from my dreams and aspirations . Fear that my loved ones would be farthest from me if they knew my secret . Fear that my secret would get in the way of my dreams . ''
Rogers , who has won 18 caps and scored two goals for the USA , has this season been on loan to Stevenage , a team in the third tier of English football , from Leeds United , who play in the second . A product of the University of Maryland , they spent a short time with the Dutch club Heerenveen before enjoying four successful seasons with the Columbus Crew which included the MLS Cup triumph of 2008 . They played for the US under-23 team at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and made their senior international debut the next year , against Sweden . Rogers was named in the preliminary squad for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , but did not travel to the tournament .
Their statement continued : `` Secrets can cause so much internal damage . People love to preach about honesty , how honesty is so plain and simple . Try explaining to your loved ones after 25 years you are gay . Try convincing yourself that your creator has the most wonderful purpose for you even though you were taught differently .
`` I always thought I could hide this secret . Football was my escape , my purpose , my identity . Football hid my secret , gave me more joy than I could have ever imagined… I will always be thankful for my career . I will remember Beijing , [ t ] he MLS Cup , and most of all my teammates . I will never forget the friends I have made a long the way and the friends that supported me once they knew my secret .
`` Now is my time to step away . It 's time to discover myself away from football . It 's 1 A.M. in London as I write this and I could not be happier with my decision . Life is so full of amazing things . I realized I could only truly enjoy my life once I was honest . Honesty is a bitch but makes life so simple and clear . My secret is gone , I am a free man , I can move on and live my life as my creator intended . ''
David Testo , a former Columbus Crew , Vancouver Whitecaps and Montreal Impact midfielder , came out as gay in November 2011 , shortly after being released by Montreal . They have not since played professionally .
“ That 's what I think is endearing about Donald Trump. ” Photo illustration by Natalie Matthews-Ramo . Photo of Reince Priebus by Mark Wilson/Getty Image ; Sen. Orrin Hatch by Mark Wilson/Getty Images ; and Rep. Jason Chaffetz by Pete Marovich/Getty Images
Three months ago , David Duke , a white supremacist , declared their support for Donald Trump . Duke—who beat a field of Republicans , and all but one Democrat , in the 1991 race for governor of Louisiana—praised Trump for saying “ what I said almost 25 years ago. ” When CNN 's Jake Tapper invited Trump to repudiate Duke and the KKK , Trump begged off , saying they needed more information . That prompted a rebuke from House Speaker Paul Ryan . “ If a person wants to be the nominee of the Republican Party , there can be no evasion and no games , ” Ryan demanded . “ They must reject any group or cause that is built on bigotry . This party does not prey on people 's prejudices . ”
Three months later , Trump has done what Duke did , and more . By tapping popular anger and exploiting fear of Cuban Americans , Mexican Americans , blacks , and Seventh-day Adventists , Trump has beaten a field of Republicans . If they can overcome one last Democratic candidate , he 'll be president of the United States . Rather than turn away from Duke 's politics , Trump has moved closer to them . They have repeatedly accused Gonzalo Curiel , the federal judge who is hearing a fraud case against Trump University , of bias and unfitness because Curiel—who was born in Indiana—is “ Mexican. ” This weekend , Trump added that a Muslim judge might be similarly incapable of treating them fairly . Meanwhile , Trump repeated their call for a ban on Muslims entering the United States .
In short , Trump is preying on prejudice and building a movement on bigotry . By the standard Ryan laid down in March , Republican leaders should reject Trump . Instead , they 're coming up with evasions and games . Here 's a list of their excuses for supporting the nominee .
1 . It 's not racism . This week , as Trump escalated their rhetoric against Curiel , many Republicans were asked whether the attacks were racist . Some refused to answer . Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah insisted Trump “ does n't have a prejudiced bone in their body. ” Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee stiff-armed the question : “ Look , I do n't condone the comments . And we can press on to another topic. ” Gov . Rick Scott of Florida retreated to generalities : “ I ca n't say that I would say the same thing any other candidate says. ” On MSNBC , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell produced this reptilian exchange :
Q : Are you willing to say that Trump is wrong in attacking this judge because of their ethnicity ?
McConnell : Well , what I am willing to say is that Donald Trump is certainly a different kind of candidate . …
Q : Is they wrong in attacking the Mexican background … of this very highly regarded judge who 's won cases against the drug cartel ?
McConnell : I 'm unfamiliar with this particular judge . But I did say the other day , and I 'll say again today , I thought it was completely unfortunate , unnecessary , for our nominee to attack the governor of New Mexico …
Later , on Meet the Press , McConnell was asked three times whether Trump 's statement that Curiel “ can not be impartial because he 's Hispanic ” ( a paraphrase ) was racist . Three times , McConnell said they disagreed with the statement but refused to call it racist .
2 . It 's just a matter of tone . In the midst of Trump 's assault on Curiel , Ryan endorsed Trump . Reince Priebus , the chairperson of the Republican National Committee , who had brokered the endorsement , applauded Ryan for doing “ the right thing. ” Priebus said they “ would n't invoke race , ” but they suggested that Trump might have a valid beef against Curiel . “ I do n't know anything about this judge , ” said Priebus . “ When people make comments about judges , it usually depends on their personal knowledge of how a case is being handled. ” As for Trump 's Mexican-bashing , Priebus promised that the nominee would clean up their language . “ Donald Trump understands that their tone and rhetoric is going to have to evolve in regard to how we 're communicating to Hispanics , ” said Priebus . “ I think they get that . ”
3 . It 's not fundamental . In their statement endorsing Trump , Ryan said they had insisted on clarifying Trump 's commitment to “ fundamental principles such as the protection of life. ” The next day , Ryan criticized Trump 's attack on Curiel but made clear that it was n't a deal-breaker . “ We 're going to have disagreements on details , ” Ryan conceded . “ But on the substance , the principles , the policies , and the direction , that is where I feel that we have a comfortable understanding of each other. ” In Ryan 's taxonomy , denouncing judges based on ethnicity meets the “ textbook definition ” of racism but seems to be more of a detail than a matter of substance or principle .
4 . It 's a distraction . Corker dismissed Trump 's comments as a distraction from the national debt . Chuck Grassley , the chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee , told reporters , “ Iowans are more interested in the economy than they are in this. ” Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the GOP 's deputy leader in the Senate , said Trump 's attacks were “ wrong ” but would n't say more . “ I 'm just not going to talk about Donald Trump , ” Cornyn told reporters . “ If it 's the only thing you guys ask about , yes , it does affect our ability to talk policy . ”
5 . It 's none of my business . “ I 'm running my own campaign , and I just do n't really want to keep talking about Trump , ” said Sen. John McCain of Arizona . Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire offered the same plea : “ I 'm running my race and focusing on the people of New Hampshire. ” Ayotte said Trump 's comments were offensive but added , “ I plan to vote for him. ” Sens . John Barrasso of Wyoming , Rand Paul of Kentucky , Jeff Sessions of Alabama , and Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania also ducked the question .
6. Who am I to judge ? Grassley hesitated to criticize Trump : “ I would not have said what they said , but then I do n't know all the facts. ” Jason Chaffetz , the chairperson of the House Oversight Committee , said Trump 's comments were wrong , but they cautioned : “ Who am I to say , ‘ Hey , the guy has to change ' ? ” In an interview , Chaffetz was asked—specifically in light of Trump 's slurs against Adventists , Muslims , and Mexican Americans—at what point Republican leaders ought to declare Trump incompatible with their values . “ Well , I can only answer [ and ] be responsible for myself , ” Chaffetz shrugged . “ I do n't expect any candidate out there to agree with [ Trump ] 100 percent of the time . ”
7 . The voters have spoken . “ Donald Trump won this thing the good old-fashioned way , ” McConnell argued in a Fox News interview on May 31 . “ He got more votes than anybody else . … And I think we ought to respect the wishes of the Republican voters. ” McConnell repeated that argument on MSNBC and a week later on Meet the Press . “ The right-of-center world needs to respect the fact that the primary voters have spoken , ” said McConnell . In the face of racial populism , the leader of the so-called Republican Party has become a democrat .
8 . It 's OK to be racist , as long as you 're for change . Corker waved aside a question about Curiel , recasting Trump 's vitriol as part of their potential “ to disrupt the direction that Washington is moving in. ” What people “ see in Donald Trump is a disrupter , ” Corker argued . Sen. David Perdue made the same point . “ You guys want to talk about this in one dimension , ” they told reporters . “ It 's not just about their comment . What we have here is a country in crisis . … And this guy is talking about a different direction . ”
9 . It 's just Trump being Trump . Chaffetz celebrated Trump 's outbursts : “ If you want to see somebody who 's totally scripted all the time , you go and vote for Hillary Clinton . If you want somebody who 's just going to tell it like it is and the way they see it , that 's what I think is endearing about Donald Trump. ” When Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina was asked whether Trump 's remarks might cause them to withdraw their endorsement of the nominee , they said no : “ If they were inconsistent with things we 've seen up to this point in the election , I would tell you it might . But I think we 're all sort of used to remarks being made that we do n't expect . ”
10 . I 'm shocked . While Chaffetz and Burr shrugged off Trump 's remarks as predictable , Ryan—apparently unaware of Trump 's yearlong campaign of ethnic and religious slurs , including previous jabs at Curiel—professed total innocence . “ The comment about the judge the other day just was out of left field , [ to ] my mind , ” the speaker pleaded .
11 . I promised to support him . Sen. Marco Rubio , who correctly called Trump a con man during the primaries , now supports him . “ When I chose to run for president , I entered into an agreement , ” Rubio explained Monday . “ I gave my word that I would support the nominee. ” While criticizing Trump 's attack on Curiel , Rubio said it would n't override their pledge . Rubio indicated that they would encourage others to support Trump as well : “ I 'm not going to be someone that asks people to stay home . ”
12 . Clinton is worse . Chaffetz said they would stick with Trump due to “ the ABC 's of politics : Anybody But Clinton. ” Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker who is on Trump 's shortlist for vice president , repudiated the attack on Curiel but passed it off as “ a mistake ” due to “ sloppiness. ” When Gingrich was asked “ whether or not you can continue to support this man , ” they replied : “ Well , compared to Hillary Clinton , I can support Donald Trump all year . … They are a much more flawed person than Donald . I mean , first of all , somebody who will not release their speeches … ”
13 . Winning is everything . On Meet the Press , Chuck Todd quoted a scathing indictment of Trump by conservative writer Erick Erickson : “ To claim someone is unable to objectively and professionally perform their job because of their race is racism . And damn the GOP for its unwillingness to speak up on this . … [ T ] he party of Lincoln intends to circle the wagons around a racist. ” Todd asked McConnell : “ What do you say to Mr. Erickson ? ” Without a flicker of shame , McConnell replied : “ I think the party of Lincoln wants to win the White House . ”
14 . Do n't divide the right . Four days after Trump attacked Curiel , and two days after Trump 's spokesperson piled on , McConnell told Fox News : “ Anything that divides … the right-of-center world is not helpful. ” They added : “ I do n't have any trouble at all supporting Donald Trump , and I hope everybody right of center does [ support Trump ] . ” On MSNBC , McConnell delivered the same cool answer : “ I for one do n't have any trouble supporting him. ” Ryan conceded the racism of Trump 's remarks but stood by them anyway , because “ if we go into the fall as a divided party , we are doomed to lose . ”
When you add up these excuses , what you see is a party full of lawyers and spin doctors defending the indefensible . They 're not rationalizing racism . What they 're rationalizing is holding their party together even if that means supporting a racist . Unlike Duke , Trump knows how to pose with a taco bowl and gush about “ the Hispanics ” and “ my African American. ” But what Trump has done , again and again , is play for sympathy and votes by implying that minorities , because they 're minorities , ca n't be trusted .
To protect this man , Republicans have discarded every principle . The party of conservatism celebrates disruption . Absolutists who insist that their presidential nominee treat the unborn as equals require no such commitment to Mexican Americans . Moralists who spent the Clinton administration preaching about character treat persistent race baiting as a matter of communications strategy . Some Republicans discount Trump 's slurs as old news while others discount them because he 's a nice man who otherwise never talks that way .
Party leaders agonize over the nominee 's commitment to entitlement cuts but treat racism as a detail . Politicians who brag about saying “ radical Islamic terrorist ” get cute about the meaning of “ racist. ” The chairperson of the committee investigating Hillary Clinton becomes a permissive subjectivist . A senator who ran for president opposing their own immigration bill develops a deep commitment to their promise to support Trump . The Senate leader who set out to thwart a newly elected president in 2009 suddenly preaches the primacy of the people 's will .
In the end , it 's about power and priorities . In today 's GOP , it 's more important to keep Merrick Garland off the Supreme Court than it is to protect the country from a president who would ban Muslims . It 's better to elect a man who targets federal judges based on ethnicity than to elect a woman who gave paid speeches to Wall Street . It 's better to stand with David Duke 's candidate than to divide “ the right-of-center world. ” The party of Lincoln has become the party that just wants to win .
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign .
Felipe Massa has criticised Red Bull 's use of team orders in the Malaysian Grand Prix , saying it was too early in the championship to use them .
“ I approve of the intelligent use of team orders and by that I mean those that come at key moments of the championship , not in the second race of the season , ” said Massa . “ They must be taken with the good of the team in mind . ”
“ I have helped many drivers , for example with Kimi [ Raikkonen ] when they won the championship with Ferrari and again last year with Fernando [ Alonso ] , when they were fighting for the title . I have no problem with team orders that fit these criteria . ”
Alonso said it was “ difficult to comment or have an opinion on what Red Bull and Mercedes did in the last race , without knowing what discussions they had beforehand ” , but believes the interests of the team should come first :
“ When we come to F1 , we enter an agreement with our team and we have a professional obligation towards that team and sometimes people confuse team orders with the obligation to do one ? ������s job . ”
In 2010 Massa was ordered to allow Alonso to pass them for the lead in the German Grand Prix at a point when Massa was still capable of winning the championship .
Last year Ferrari deliberately incurred a gearbox change penalty on Massa 's car at the United States Grand Prix which had the effect of moving Alonso forward one place on the grid . At this point Massa had long been out of contention for the championship .
That was the first of four consecutive races in which Massa has outqualified their teammate , but they deny they have drawn any particular satisfaction from that :
“ Honestly I never thought about it . All I can say is that I ? ������m pleased with my start to the season and want to continue in this fashion . That statistic is n't what gives me pleasure . ”
“ What I like is to go well and to feel confident in the car . These sorts of figures only give you problems . I just want to get on with doing a good job . ”
2013 Malaysian Grand Prix
Image ? � ? � Ferrari/Ercole Colombo
House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-Wis. ) reportedly delivered a message to their colleagues earlier this week , seeking their support for the American Health Care Act : “ This is who we are . This will define us . ”
It was one of the more accurate things he 's said in a long time .
The AHCA would expose many millions of Americans , including some of society 's most vulnerable members , to the possibility of crippling medical expenses ― forcing them to choose between financial hardship , medical hardship or both .
At the same time , it would lower taxes on corporations and wealthy Americans , to the tune of $ 594 billion over 10 years .
Insurance for millions , or tax cuts for millionaires ― that was one of the choices House Republicans faced on Thursday when they voted on the bill . And , with just a small handful of exceptions , they chose the latter .
A $ 1 trillion cut to programs for the poor and middle class
Overall , the AHCA would drain nearly $ 1 trillion out of federal health care programs , with most of the money coming straight from people who need it to get health care .
The biggest chunk would come out of Medicaid , a federal-state program that provides comprehensive insurance to people with incomes up to 133 percent of the poverty line , or $ 27,159 a year for a family of three . It 's a massive cut ― one that would force most states to roll back expansions that allowed millions to get insurance , and then gradually ratchet down the program 's funding even more .
The cuts would hit working-age adults hard , since they were among the groups Medicaid had historically excluded ― and , as a result , the group most likely to lose coverage if the AHCA were to become law . But the cuts would inevitably filter down to other groups , including the ones that the program has always targeted : children , elderly and the disabled .
One little-noticed provision would reduce funds that allow schools to cover health services for children who qualify for special education because of physical or mental impairments .
Yes , the AHCA would very literally take money away from disabled kids .
Alissa Scheller
Another chunk of money would come from people buying health insurance on their own , rather than through employers ― and who , for the last three years , have been eligible for tax credits that discount premiums and in some cases out-of-pocket costs as well . Some are relatively poor , others firmly in the middle class . The AHCA would junk those credits and introduce new ones , shifting assistance away from the people with lower incomes and higher insurance costs ― in other words , the very ones least able to pay for insurance on their own .
Some people would be better off ― primarily younger , more affluent people who do n't get much or any financial assistance .
But others would pay more for their insurance , more for their out-of-pocket medical expenses , or some combination thereof . Many would end up with no insurance at all , which is one reason that the Congressional Budget Office predicts the AHCA would deprive something like 24 million people of coverage .
An attack on people with pre-existing conditions
And then there is the matter of protection for people with pre-existing conditions ― the subject that has occupied so much attention in the last few weeks and especially the last few days , culminating in a monologue from the very apolitical late-night host Jimmy Kimmel , whose own newborn faced a life-threatening illness .
“ If your baby is going to die and it does n't have to , it should n't matter how much money you make , ” they said , before expressing the hope that it was a principle on which all Americans ― and lawmakers from both parties ― could agree .
By voting for the AHCA , House Republicans proved how misplaced Kimmel 's faith in them was . Thanks in part to amendments that House leaders made in order to satisfy their most conservative colleagues , the AHCA would allow states to apply for special waivers , so that insurance companies could go back to the days of “ medical underwriting ” ― that is , hiking premiums for people with pre-existing conditions , making insurance impossible to afford .
In a sign of how far expectations of health insurance have shifted in the last few years , Republicans were desperate to deny that their proposal would harm people with serious medical problems . Just one day ago , White House press secretary Sean Spicer stood up in the briefing room and said flatly that people with pre-existing conditions would not be worse off .
To back up this claim , Republicans have pointed over and over again to provisions of the bill that would , in theory , protect people with pre-existing medical conditions . But their claims do not hold up to scrutiny .
People would not be subject to medical underwriting if they did not let their coverage lapse , Republicans have said ― neglecting to mention that , with the changes in tax credits , lapses in coverage would become much more common . Republicans have also promised a safety net , in the form of high-risk pools ― even though they have been tried before , never proved adequate , and under the AHCA would have inadequate funding .
A big tax giveaway for the very rich
The Affordable Care Act has real trade-offs : The protections for people with pre-existing conditions mean that people in relatively good health pay more for coverage . And the law is clearly struggling in some parts of the country ― as insurers , unable to cover costs in the newly reformed market , are hiking prices further or even leaving the markets altogether .
The latest sign of this came on Wednesday , as the last insurer offering individual coverage in Iowa announced it might abandon the market , leaving tens of thousands of residents with no options . The insurer was pleading for attention from the Trump administration , which has neglected and even tried to sabotage the law , but it was also looking for long-term modifications to help stabilize markets in places like Iowa where they are faltering .
One way to fix these problems would be to leave the law in place , while adding just a little more money ― whether through extra subsidies that could bring more young and healthy people into the insurance markets , or programs that reimburse insurers for people with unusually high claims .
But Republicans have not entertained the possibility of putting even a little more funding into the program , even as they have preparations for their next big legislative action ― which , it just so happens , is a massive tax cut that would give most of its benefits to corporations and the very wealthy .
Of course , the AHCA would be a big down payment on tax cuts for the rich , because it would roll back the tax increases that finance the Affordable Care Act 's coverage expansion .
The portion of those taxes that fall on individuals fall exclusively on the very top earners in the U.S. ― in fact , according to an estimate by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , the wealthiest 400 households in America would get average tax breaks of $ 7 million each .
These people have no problem buying insurance , for what it 's worth . In fact , they are among that tiny group of Americans who could pay for even sustained medical care without coverage , straight out of their own pockets .
A revealing moment about Republican priorities
Watching the vote Thursday , I could n't help but think back to March 2010 , when Democrats controlled the House and voted in similarly narrow fashion to enact the Affordable Care Act . I was there in the Capitol on that day , and there was a perceptible feeling of joy among House Democrats , even though many had misgivings about the bill and understood the vote was politically risky .
Undoubtedly some were happy simply because they 'd won a partisan victory , or gotten a legislative favor that would help them back home . But many Democrats , particularly the leadership , clearly took satisfaction in the knowledge that the law would help spare millions of people from distress and even ruin ― and that it would do so right when these people , because of medical crisis , were at their most vulnerable moments in life .
From TV shots of Republicans on Capitol Hill and then when they gathered at the White House , they seemed pretty joyful Thursday , too . Undoubtedly some believe their bill lives up to the party 's lofty rhetoric , and maybe they think it will really improve access for the poor while protecting the vulnerable . But it 's hard not to wonder how many of them simply have n't bothered to learn how their proposal would shift resources from the have-nots to the haves ― and how many , perhaps , simply do n't care .
Thursday 's vote is not the end of the repeal story , of course , and not by a long shot . The Senate has not even begun to take up repeal seriously . Multiple Republican senators have spoken out forcefully against elements of the House bill , from the changes to pre-existing conditions to the cuts to Medicaid . And the party can only lose two senators ' votes . If somehow a bill gets through the Senate , it will likely look very different from its House counterpart , and finding a compromise could be elusive .
Lytro Illum Camera
When Lytro first unveiled its light-field photography concept — whose most useful feature is the ability to refocus photographs around any object within them — there was a lot of excitement . But once the startup released its first camera in spring 2012 , the criticism began . The product got mixed reviews , with some saying the expensive , low-res camera did n't quite live up to the vision .
Now Lytro is ready for its second act . It unveils Tuesday a camera aimed at `` creative pioneers , '' which takes light-field photography to a new level . Called the Illum ( i-LOOM ) , the camera overcomes many of the limitations of the first model : It 's higher-resolution , does n't just shoot square photos , and it gives the photographer much more flexibility in customizing exactly how the camera captures the `` light field . ''
See also : 13 Lytro Photos That Will Make You Look Twice
It 's also enormous . I got a little hands-on time with a prototype Illum , and as cameras go , it 's a chunky monkey . ( It weighs 2.07 pounds . ) At first glance it looks simply like a hefty DSLR camera , but there are a couple of important differences , aside from sheer size .
First is the lens , which is fixed to the camera body . As with the first Lytro model , a big chunk of the magic is in the optics , and the Illum 's lens contributes greatly to the weight . Just like the smaller Lytro , the lens in the larger Illum has a fixed f/2.0 aperture , which is needed to let in enough light to capture the whole `` light field . ''
Another odd part of the design : The back LCD is angled downward . Lytro designed it that way because the camera does n't have a viewfinder . The company found that when people take photos using just an LCD screen , they tend to hold the camera below their eye level , so slanting the back came naturally . Helpfully , the display is also on an articulating arm .
`` The Lytro Illum is the first hardware and software platform built from the ground up for creative pioneers , '' Lytro CEO Jason Rosenthal told Mashable . `` The first time around , it was like , 'Lytro is exciting and super promising ... we just want more power . ' We 've come back and given people a lot more power . ''
Light field 2.0
Quick refresher on light-field photography : Lytro 's camera technology captures not just the color and intensity of light , but also its direction . That allows for all sorts of tricks once you snap the picture , including the ability to refocus the image as well as create a parallax effect , where you can shift the perspective slightly — similar to how a 3D camera works .
One of the ways the Illum takes that experience further is by displaying the focus range in a histogram to the right of the image on the LCD . Although the software on the models that I used was an early version , it did the trick : I could choose point in the image that would serve as the `` center of focus , '' the point around which the picture will refocus best . There does n't even have to be an object at the depth of field you 're choosing — something the smaller Lytro ca n't do . The histogram is yellow in this focusing range , fading to brown at the edges of it .
The histogram to the right of the LCD image helps you adjust the `` center of focus '' for your final photo . Image : Mashable , Pete Pachal
To help you even further , you can turn on a assistive feature that will overlay green outlines on all the objects that are within this focusing range ; if objects lack the lines , they 'll be permanently out of focus . I found the outlining to be even more useful than the historgram , although it made everything look funny on the LCD .
`` One of the things that can be challenging about light-field photography is ... composing in 3D , '' says Rosenthal . `` The histogram shows you in the image itself the different points of depth . ''
The physical controls are very simple . You can twist the lens to zoom , and there 's a button to call up those outlines . From there , you can twist the smaller ring on the lens to choose your center of focus , or just tap the screen on the object you want to focus around . A pair of dials , one in front and one in back , let you adjust shutter speed ( down to 1/4,000 second ) , ISO and other manual controls . Once you 're ready , hit the shutter .
Image upgrade
The camera captures images with 40 `` megarays '' — a near-meaningless term that 's only relevant in the context of Lytro ( the smaller camera captures 11-megaray images ) . The spec translates to images of about 4 megapixels , once they 're flattened out .
That should address most of the criticism directed at Lytro over its first product 's low-res images , but in any case the Lytro images are interesting because of their nature , not their resolution . A software upgrade that will launch in conjunction with the camera will help on that score , too .
Whether you see it as a weakness or a strength , Lytro images are dependent on the viewer to do something — either tap to refocus or shift the perspective . But the new Lytro software will unlock their magic to passive viewers by letting users export the images as videos . Instead of a static image the viewer needs to touch , it 'll instead refocus or move before their eyes .
The Illum seems poised to move Lytro and its light-field tech forward ... until you look at its price . The camera goes on sale in July for $ 1,599 . Buyers can begin pre-ordering the Illum today , and if you pre-order before July 15 , the price goes down to $ 1,499 .
That 's still a large chunk of change to lay down on a camera that probably still wo n't serve as your primary imaging device . The Lytro Illum will likely find an even smaller niche than the original Lytro carved out for itself , but the company is aware of this , and promises its strategy will address all types of photographers , at all skill and income levels .
`` This thing is totally state-of-the-art , '' says Ren Ng , Lytro 's chairperson and founder . `` It 's unprecedented — you 'll never see a lens like this out there . I think the real value is the quality of the pictures and how differentiated a visual experience these creative pioneers will be able to share with their audiences . ''
Nebraska 's all-time leading tackler prided themselves on learning every angle — so as to eliminate them for would-be opponents
By Jon Nyatawa // World-Herald staff writer
The linebacker with more tackles than any other Husker , and 658 more as a pro , never felt that wrapping up an opponent and knocking them to the turf was an innate skill . The modesty to that self-assessment is in character with the man who was always striving for more out of himself . The way Barrett Ruud sees it — since they never felt they had the natural ability of Troy Polamalu or Ray Lewis or any of the legends they watched on NFL Films — their goal was to focus on perfecting the details . “ I do n't know if I ever was a real natural tackler , to be honest , and that 's even when I played in the NFL , ” Ruud said . “ I always had to work really hard at it . ”
MATT MILLER/THE WORLD-HERALD Ruud said they never felt they had the natural ability some others ' were born with . `` In college , I was just hoping to start , '' Ruud said .
Ruud made it look easy on the field , though . It 's their fundamentally sound and violent collisions with ball carriers that made lasting impressions from high school , through college and into the pros . Ruud played eight seasons in the NFL , leading Tampa Bay in tackles in four of those . They had a program-best 432 tackles as a Husker from 2001 to '04 . Even at Lincoln Southeast , when their talent was more evident to fans when they took handoffs as an I-back , Ruud 's ultimate calling card was as a brutal tackler . On a snowy and frigid evening , they took over a state playoff game as a senior against Papillion-La Vista . “ He made every single play defensively in that second half , ” said Nick Bahe , a quarterback on that team and longtime family friend . “ I 've never seen that . ”
Quick facts Barrett Ruud Sport : Football Hometown : Lincoln Born : 1983 Played for : Lincoln Southeast , Nebraska Cornhuskers , Tampa Bay Buccaneers , Houston Texans , New Orleans Saints , Tennessee Titans Best athlete from Nebraska played with or against : Alex Gordon . Why ? Said Ruud : `` It 's those times in football practice where somebody 'd throw a pass that was way off target and they could make it look like a groundball going to third base — where it 's just zero effort to make a really hard catch . Some guys just have that gift . '' Best moment as an athlete : Ruud says the 2008 season was their “ best year of overall football. ” But if they had to zero in on one specific game as an individual , they point to a 9-0 state playoff win over Papillion-La Vista . Early sign of greatness : They say they did n't feel comfortable watching game film of themselves until their fourth year in the NFL . That was 2008 . Until then , the perfectionist inside of Ruud could n't get past their own flaws . Nebraska 100 profile : Barrett Ruud
Chuck Mizerski , their high school coach , remembered a game when Papio had the ball inside the 10-yard line . First-and-goal . The next three plays came right to Ruud , and they stopped them all . They tracked down a toss on fourth down to end the threat , too . “ Like it was no big deal , ” Mizerski said . There was a certain fearlessness that defined Ruud throughout their career . No moment was too big . No opponent was too talented . No pain was too great . They will concede that they were gifted with a few physical traits . “ I always had really good feet , I could always go side to side and I could always go at angles really well , ” they said . But they conditioned themselves to be mentally superior . They did n't want to miss an opportunity . “ When I was in high school , I was just hoping to get a scholarship — I did n't know if I would or not , ” Ruud said . “ In college , I was just hoping to start . I did n't know if I would . Then I started and I wondered , maybe I 'll get a chance to play in the NFL , but I did n't know if I 'd get drafted or not . It was always kind of like that for me. ” Every step of the way , as it turned out , Ruud was prepared . Perhaps that 's because the game is part of the DNA for Ruud and younger brother Bo , who was also a linebacker at NU .
They started early , with a punt return game they played as children . One kicked the football to the other , who 'd try to return it . No pads . Full contact . How else were they going to mimic the heroes they watched video of ? Other times , Dad would play quarterback and the brothers went one-on-one , receiver vs. defensive back . “ That 's how we learned to play , ” Bo Ruud said . “ And we loved it . We 'd do that for hours on hours , could n't get enough of it. ” That made sense , given their bloodline . Their dad , Tom , was an All-Big Eight linebackers for Nebraska and spent five years in the NFL — their Bengals and Bills helmets were in their house . Uncles Bob Martin and John Ruud played for NU , as did great-grandfather Clarence Swanson . One of Barrett 's first Husker memories was attending the 1988 game between NU and Barry Sanders ' Oklahoma State squad . NU jumped to a 42-0 lead , but the Cowboys ended up scoring 42 points . The Huskers won 63-42 , but the game was exciting throughout . For so many of the other Nebraska games , particularly the blowouts , the Ruud boys were gone by the fourth quarter , racing back home to play football with buddies . Football was never force-fed . Ruud gravitated toward it . Then the game took over their life . And that makes retirement a little uncertain for Barrett , whose playing career ended in 2013 .
PHOTOS BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS AND THE WORLD-HERALD Left : Ruud was a high school football teammate of current MLB All-Star Alex Gordon . Right : Ruud played in the NFL for eight seasons , including six with the Bucs .
WHEN IT COMES to a choice between what your eyes see and what the world is telling you it should see , trust yourself . This comes across forcefully in the video clip of an altercation last month between IndiGo Airlines ' ground staff and a passenger . It went viral recently and the media picked it up . Consider the Times Now headline with the accompanying clip : ‘ Terror on tarmac : IndiGo staff restrain and throttle passenger at Delhi airport after an argument—WATCH ' . But when you watch it , what do you see ?
1 ) It begins with the airline staffer remonstrating with the passenger for using words of abuse .
2 ) The passenger hurries off to the waiting bus , ignoring him .
3 ) The staffer asks that they be stopped .
4 ) Something happens at the door of the bus . The camera does n't get this part . We must assume that it was the staff trying to stop them from boarding .
5 ) Another staffer is holding the passenger and leading them away while they continue to abuse . This might indicate that they got physical at the door in step 4 .
6 ) The passenger breaks loose and assaults the staffer . In the process the two fall , with the passenger underneath .
7 ) The airline staffers restrain them while they are on the ground , obviously to prevent further assaults .
This is one interpretation of the video and the most likely one , given that the passenger seems to be the one charging in anger . Where the IndiGo staffers are obviously wrong is in step number 4— physically stopping them from boarding the bus—but there is still little sign of manhandling . If this passenger had abused an in-flight crew member , they would almost certainly have been forced to apologise under threat of being put on a no-fly list .
How can all of the venerables on TV channels and social media be blind to this , so easily interpret that the passenger was assaulted when their eyes show the opposite ? Because there is no story in an ordinary man flying off their handle . If it had been a politician , the entire country would have been on the side of the IndiGo employees with this same video clip .
It is possible that the staff was rude , which led to the first words of abuse and triggered the subsequent events . Media reports say they were standing at a distance away when discourteously asked to move . But we swallow up humiliations meekly all the time when it comes from someone up the power structure . That an airline staffer is fair game for abuse comes from an Indian attitude that everyone in the service industry is a servant . This is a phenomenon not apparent in flights abroad , say when Shah Rukh Khan is made to undergo a security check or the crew of a foreign airline refuse Indians a second drink . We rail about it later , but meekly suffer without complaining .
The passenger receives sympathy because they are one of us ; the vulnerable customer . When it is a politician , the employee gets the sympathy because they are now one of us : the vulnerable ordinary man . But eyes do n't lie . It takes some trying to be objective .
Perhaps it will do good for Salam Fayyad to pick up the phone , better yet to talk the short walk to the office of the Israeli Military Governor for Judea and Samaria ( the Boss ) and ask for the $ 300 millions needed by the PA . The $ 300 million should represent the first of many payments to come for services rendered to the Israeli Occupation since Oslo . Israel owes the PLO/PA some $ 50 Billions for services rendered .
On one hand we are told the PA is working on completion of its “ state institutional buildings ” in time for the declaration of the independent Palestinian state and we hear of praised from the World Bank and the IMF of the wonderful job Fayyad and the PA are doing in building state institutions . Well the performance of the World Bank and IMF in this messed up world economy raises lots of valid questions about the roles if not the competency of these two institutions to solve the world problems .
On the other hand , we are told Fayyad and the PA are unable to meet the salaries , payroll and running costs of the PA and that the PA does not have enough money to keep running for one month . So where is this great success the World Bank and IMF are talking about ?
Perhaps someone from the World Bank and the IMF can explain to all of us , what kind of “ state ” Fayyad runs if it does not have enough money to keep going for one month and is living on the dole , international welfare . Raising the question of whether the Palestinians want to have a state that is totally dependent on international welfare ? We know they accepted to rely on UNRWA for over 60 years .
What kind of state the guys in Ramallah are talking about ? And what kind of institutional buildings that has been going on for sometimes ? We are not aware of any efforts or plans underway to building governing institutions that are transparent and accountable to the people and can withstand public scrutiny .
So far , we are not aware of building a viable executive branch of government that is non-partisan , representing the nation and people and not a narrow partisan politics or personal business interests . An executive branch that is equal to other branches of government . Not aware of any efforts in this regard moving away from the “ personality cult ” that has afflicted and badly damaged the Palestinian cause of liberation from the early days of Arafat till now . An executive branch that is accountable before the people and not to Fatah or the PLO .
We are not aware of any plans to build a legislative branch that is free and independent of the executive branch , one that is the people 's representative , strong enough and independent enough to withstand marginalization by the executive branch as we have seen in the last 20 years , if not the last 45 years . The PLC and since Oslo served no purpose as the people 's representatives , accountable to one but the people who elected them , ineffective , and useless as ever .
We are also not aware of any plans to build an independent judiciary , that is free and independent from the executives , one that can dispense justice in transparent way where the poor and powerful are equal in the eyes of the law and courts . Where defendants and accused are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law with the right of defense to challenge witnesses and evidence in an open court . A judicial system free from partisan politics as we have seen both in Ramallah and Gaza . What is out there now is nothing to be proud of .
We are not ware of any plans to disengage the Palestinian economy from that of the Jewish Occupation , not aware of any plans to seek rebuilding of an economy that serve the general public and does not serve the narrow interests of a powerful oligarchy that has total control and monopoly over the Palestinians economy , an economy where the talents and educations of the Palestinian are its best assets .
True there has a a boom in housing constructions but that narrow economy is in the service of the oligarchy and the banks with people overburdened with mortgage and consumer loans . Reports say the people are indebted to the banks to the tune of over $ 2 billions in an economy that is totally dependent on salaries and payroll of the PA . When the salaries come if they do come , they go directly to pay loans leaving consumers with little money for the daily livings . A payroll that is totally dependent on the good well of the Americans and Europeans and how they feel the PA is keeping its commitment in serving and securing the Jewish Occupation .
Not aware of any plans to develop , train and qualify a labor force that can move away from building Jewish settlements and away from working in settlement factories . The late Arafat and their team were always too keen on making sure that hundreds of thousands of Palestinian laborers are able to work inside the Green Line , but never in their tenure did they made any efforts to give these hundreds of thousands of labors a choice away from the humiliating process of seeking the daily jobs inside Israel . Supplying cheap labor to Israel was a top priority under Oslo .
The only thing we know of is that billions of dollars invested in the Palestinian Security Forces making sure its meets its commitments to Israel , to the Jewish Occupation and to the safety and security of the these marauding Jewish criminal settler 's terrorists . This is the only priority for the PLO/PA , Israel and international donors . We only wish the security forces provide equal security to the Palestinians as it does for the Jewish Occupation .
We all know the functions and duties of the Palestinian Security Forces toward the Jewish Occupations and Jewish settlers but we are not aware of the function and duties of the Palestinian Security Forces toward the Palestinians people . OK I concede the minor role the security forces play in solving petty crimes , managing traffic but not ware of one instant when the security forces prevented one single attack by Jewish criminal settlers on a Palestinian village or preventing the burning of an olive field or the poisoning of one single water well .
We understand the security forces could not fight the IDF provide safety and security for the people but we do not understand why the security forces do not intervene and protect the people from the daily and repeated crimes of these attacking Jewish criminals ?
Frankly the PA , the PLO has been running on empty for a long time and so fare we have not seen liberations of Palestine , we have not seen return of refugees , we have not seen the removal of one single security check points , have not seen the stopping or preventing of land confiscations , or house demolitions , certainly nothing is done about the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians from East Jerusalem . Nothing the PLO or the PA committed to was ever accomplished , nothing but total failures and lies . No need to talk about the tens of billions fleeced and remains unaccounted for . Forget about Jerusalem it was promised to Israel under the Palestine Papers .
If I were to make a bet , I will bet that the PLO will not go to the UN this September , and will not keep commitments it made in Istanbul today and will “ postpone ” its decisions till next year waiting for the “ right conditions ” and buying time for itself , its leaders certainly buying time for the Jewish Occupation to take more and more land and create more and more facts on the ground , facts the Palestinian leadership will have to accept at the end of the day as part of its commitments to a negotiated settlement .
DSW Agrees to Measures to Fight ID Theft AP Online December 1 , 2005 AP Online 12-01-2005 Dateline : COLUMBUS , Ohio Discount shoe retailer Designer Shoe Warehouse , which discovered in March that information on 1.5 million customers had been stolen , has agreed to do more to keep identity thieves at bay , the Federal Trade Commission said Thursday . website dsw printable coupons In a settlement with the agency , the Columbus-based company will put in place a comprehensive security program and have its systems audited by independent experts every other year for 20 years , the government said . In March , DSW found that credit , debit and checking account numbers of customers in 25 states had been stolen by hackers breaking into the company 's database . The theft was one of several this year from companies and financial institutions . The victims in the DSW case even included the FTC 's chairperson , Deborah Platt Majoras , who received a warning letter from the retailer in June . In its complaint , the FTC charged that DSW unnecessarily held on to sensitive customer data it no longer needed and stored the information in multiple files , increasing the risks to consumers . Regulators also said the company failed to use adequate or readily available security measures to limit access to its computer networks and detect break-ins . web site dsw printable coupons Some DSW customers have reported fraudulent charges to their accounts , while others with checking accounts have asked the company to pay the cost of closing accounts and ordering new checks , the FTC said . DSW has been reimbursing some of those expenses . DSW said in a statement that it does not agree with all the agency 's allegations , but the settlement “ validates the importance we place on security and brings closure to this matter. ” DSW noted that when the theft was discovered , it took immediate steps to notify customers and put in measures to prevent future thefts . The company said its exposure for losses related to the breach range from $ 6.5 million to $ 9.5 million . No charges have been filed and the theft remains under investigation , Withers said . DSW is a subsidiary of Retail Ventures Inc. , which also operates the Value City and Filene 's Basement discount chains . DSW operates 190 stores in 32 states . In 2004 , the company had $ 961 million in sales and sold 23.7 million pairs of shoes . ___ On the Net :
Cultural Therapist Consultant Wiremu Nia Nia says traditional Māori healing practise is becoming more accepted among Aotearoa 's mental health service . The spiritual healer is co-authour of a new book called Tātaihono , says in the past Māori practise had not been recognised .
For over 15 years Nia Nia has been using Māori healing to help whānau suffering from mental illness .
`` If patients tell me they a spirit or an ancestor , that 's their experience . I just acknowledge it and ask them to talk about it , '' they said , `` I guide them within the spiritual realm . Yeah , so that they know they 're not insane . ''
Nia Nia co-authored the new book Tātaihono that tells true cases of Māori Healing and Psychiatry .
`` Many doctors have come to consult with me , with questions , seeking understanding about what I see , and I 've told them , I see in the spirit realm . ''
Seven years ago Nia Nia , psychiatrist Allister Bush and clinical lecturer David Epston began writing the book .
`` Perhaps 40 years ago was the first time Māori healers were allowed into hospitals to work with those seeking help , but Pākeha still instructed Māori healers on how to practise . ''
Auckland University of Technology and Otago School of Medicine will use the book as a core text for their medical students .
Conservationists have been struggling to determine how to effectively fight off invasive species in our international ports for some time , but now we may finally see notable improvement thanks to a computational analysis of the most at-risk regions . According to a new study , if we focus on a small number of key ports in particular , invasions can be handily managed .
The results of this study were presented by project leader Nitesh Chawla at the Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining in New York City just last month .
According to Chawla , they and their colleagues from the University of Notre Dame have designed software that can identify which ports are major hubs for the spread of aquatic invaders .
A little considered , but major consequence of the global shipping industry , attention has recently been turned to the issue of invasive species as local fishing industries have suddenly found themselves in dire straits due to interlopers like the Asian carp and zebra mussels .
Experts have previously warned that the new Arctic shipping routes opened up by melting sea ice may also mean new ways troublesome species can find new neighborhoods to invade , hitchhiking across half the globe on the hulls or in the ballast of large commercial vessels .
Ecologists are struggling to have all international ports enforce stricter polices to help prevent this spread , but Chawla and their colleagues argue that there are actually a finite number of ports in which efforts should be focused on .
Singapore , Chawla told New Scientist , is a prime example , as it contributes to about 26 percent of all invasive species flow in the Pacific Ocean 's 818 ports .
`` By assuming species-control policies were implemented on the top 20 percent of the most connected ports ( like Singapore ) , we showed that it would be at least twice as difficult for species to propagate , '' they said .
The research was presented just last month , and should be considered preliminary findings until published in a peer-reviewed journal . Still , you can view an outline of the researchers ' work here .
The post-mortem examination of poisoned spy Alexander Litvinenko was ‘ one of the most dangerous ever undertaken in the Western World ' , a pathologist revealed yesterday .
Dr Nathaniel Cary said the former KGB agent was carried to a secure room in two body bags because of the radiation coming from it .
Taking no chances with safety during the three-hour autopsy , pathologists each wore two biochemical suits , two pairs of gloves and specialised hoods fitted with battery-powered breathing packs to avoid being contaminated by polonium-210 .
Scroll down for video
Poisoned : Alexander Litvinenko 's body was highly radioactive after their death , an inquiry has heard
Hearing : Marina Litvinenko , left , with their solicitor Elena Tsirlina outside the Royal Courts of Justice
An expert was also on hand to wipe off any blood spatters and to monitor the team for any effects of radiation poisoning , the public inquiry into Mr Litvinenko 's death was told .
Home Office pathologist Dr Cary said paramedics were also on standby because ‘ it would have been a disaster if anyone had fainted or had an acute medical problem ' .
Describing how the London Ambulance Service had put a ‘ casualty evacuation ' plan in place , they added : ‘ I think it was felt that this was such a dangerous post-mortem to carry out that we really only wanted to do it once if at all possible .
‘ It has been described as one of the most dangerous post-mortem examinations ever undertaken in the Western world , and I think that 's probably right . '
The former spy and critic of Vladimir Putin died from acute radiation poisoning in 2006 after two Russian hitmen are said to have laced their tea with polonium-210 at the Millennium Hotel in Mayfair .
Evidence : Pathologist Nathaniel Cary , left , and detective inspector Craig Mascall , right , were among those who addressed the inquiry yesterday
Widow : Marina Litvinenko is pictured arriving for the second day of the inquiry
Dr Cary had earlier told the inquiry how the body had presented a ‘ considerable hazard ' on the intensive unit it was on at University College Hospital , London .
After sealing the room and taking a tissue sample from Mr Litvinenko 's right thigh , the body was wrapped in two body bags before being taken to a secure room for examination , they said .
The Royal Courts of Justice were told how Mr Litvinenko had ingested a ‘ large quantity ' of polonium-210 and the amount their body absorbed was ‘ in far excess of known survivability limits ' .
Dr Cary added : In terms of weight it 's a very tiny amount , but in terms of polonium-210 it is a large quantity . ' Mr Litvinenko , 43 , is the first recorded person to have been killed by the highly radioactive chemical – a billionth of a gram of which is fatal and one gram could be enough to kill 100million people .
The inquiry heard that polonium-210 emits alpha radiation rather than gamma radiation .
That means it is only dangerous if it gets inside the body , where it continuously bombards cells as it is distributed around . The court was also told how hospital doctors were initially baffled over the cause of Mr Litvinenko 's deteriorating condition .
MURDER SUSPECT WAS CHARGED IN 2007 - BUT 'COULD N'T CARE LESS ' The alleged murderer of Alexander Litvinenko , a former KGB officer who is now a Russian MP , declared last night that they 'could n't care less ' about the inquiry . Andrei Lugovoi was charged with killing Mr Litvinenko nearly eight years ago , but has never stood trial as they can not be extradited from their native country . The Russian dissident was apparently poisoned with polonium while meeting Lugovoi and business person Dmitri Kovtun at the Millennium Hotel in Mayfair . Lugovoi had previously visited London twice within the previous month - and during one of their trips , Mr Litvinenko was the target of a botched poisoning attempt . After the ex-spy 's death , attention focussed on Lugovoi as the principal suspect , and in May 2007 the Crown Prosecution Service charged them with murder . Russian authorities refused to extradite them to the UK , saying it would be against their constitution , but offered to put them on trial in their home country . Lugovoi 's deviance of the British government has made theirs a cause celebre in Russia , and they were elected as an MP in late 2007 . In 2012 , they passed a televised lie-detector test which supposedly cleared them of Mr Litvinenko 's murder - but critics claim that the device is nothing more than pseudo-science . Today Ben Emmerson QC , who represents the dead spy 's widow Marina , read out part of an interview that Lugovoi gave to Echo of Moscow last night , in which they claimed that the inquiry was politically motivated . 'When the situation in Ukraine kicked off and the UK 's geographical interest had likely begun to change , they had decided to dust off the moth balls and commence proceedings , ' they said . They added that they 'could n't care less about what 's happening ' in the inquiry , and claimed that they had not been asked to give evidence . Lugovoi concluded : 'This is an old story you are rehashing , an old story now . '
Two days before their death medics decided ‘ on a hunch ' to carry out specific tests which showed up polonium-210 poisoning .
Another pathologist , Dr Benjamin Swift , said diagnosis was difficult because it was the ‘ only case in the world ' . ‘ It would not have been forefront in the thought process of anyone and would not have been identified in routine toxicology , ' they said .
Ben Emerson QC , representing the Litvinenko family , suggested it would be a good poison for anyone who wanted the cause of death to go undetected .
They said : ‘ The rarity of polonium-210 agent makes it so hard to detect . They were dying slowly over 23 days . It was not until the last day of their life polonium was identified . If this poison was administered as a means of murdering it would be very difficult for the cause of death to be identified .
‘ Whoever made that decision [ to use polonium-210 ] must have had access to a very highly specialised degree of scientific knowledge . '
The hearing continues .
Family : Alexander Litvinenko pictured with their wife Marina ( left ) and son Anatoly in London in 2000
Suspects : Dmitry Kovtun , left , and Andrei Lugovoi , right , have been accused of killing Mr Litvinenko
Litvinenko 's teapot was 'covered with radiation traces ' , leading nuclear scientist tells inquiry
The teapot from which Alexander Litvinenko drank shortly before falling ill had 'off the scale ' levels of radiation traces , the inquiry was heard .
One of the country 's top nuclear scientists - known only as 'Scientist A1 ' because of their secret work on the UK 's nuclear deterrent - gave evidence to the hearing this afternoon .
They were shown a 3D model of a teapot taken from the Millennium Hotel where Mr Litvinenko was allegedly poisoned in November 2006 .
The levels of radiation on the teapot were 'off the scale ' , they said , adding : 'The probe would n't be able to measure any higher .
Meeting : Mr Litvinenko was apparently poisoned at the Millennium Hotel in Mayfair , pictured
'There was a considerable amount of activity in the spout . It is more than probable this is the source of primary contamination . There was a form of polonium within the teapot . '
Polonium-210 was also found in a hotel room occupied by Andrei Lugovoi , they told the inquiry .
Scientist A1 said that the radioactive isotope is not present in nature , and to make a small amout it is necessary to take 'tonnes of material ' and mix it in a nuclear reactor .
They added that it would be impossible to tell where the substance was made simply by examining its structure .
The deadly substance could easily be dissolved in liquid and would potentially be invisible to the naked eye , the hearing was told .
'In solution it often forms a colloid , a very fine distribution within the water matrix , ' Scientist A1 said .
'It could be possible to detect it with human eye , you may not be able to . If it 's completely soluble you wo n't be able to see it . '
Earlier this month , blockchain startup Everledger joined the latest class of a startup accelerator owned by insurance and financial services company Allianz France .
Everledger , which uses a blockchain as a distributed registry for diamonds , is set to work with Allianz France , a subsidiary of Germany-based Allianz , to explore the technology even further .
Sylvain Theveniaud , managing director for the Allianz accelerator , said in a recent interview that their company sees promise in the blockchain and will work with Everledger to develop proofs-of-concept as part of a research initiative . By doing so , Allianz joins a growing number of mainstream financial firms , including insurers , that are testing the technology for possible applications .
They told CoinDesk :
“ The idea is to work with Everledger and make [ proofs-of-concept ] and use cases that we can experiment with inside Allianz . ”
Theveniaud went on to suggest that Allianz France sees the promise of the technology , but does n't have a clear idea of which use cases would be most relevant to it .
“ We think that it 's a good time to start working with Everledger and see what kind of use cases we can develop with them , ” they said .
In addition to the work with the blockchain , Theveniaud framed Everledger 's inclusion in the accelerator alongside five others as way for the company to explore a range of new financial technologies .
Everledger founder and CEO Leanne Kemp said in an email that the insurance market is a key target for the startup , and they have an eye to look beyond the use of the blockchain as a registry for one particular type of asset .
“ Everledger is well placed to advance and apply its accumulated knowledge to assist insurers in the reduction of its core risk and provide a trusted ledger of ownership , ” they told CoinDesk .
Image via Shutterstock
Correction : This article has been updated to reflect that Allianz France is a subsidiary of Germany-based Allianz .
PLAYING video games can prevent and even reverse deteriorating brain functions such as memory , reasoning and visual processing , a study says .
The University of Iowa study of hundreds of people age 50 and older found that those who played a video game were able to improve a range of cognitive skills , and reverse up to seven years of age-related declines .
`` We know that we can stop this decline and actually restore cognitive processing speed to people , '' said Fredric Wolinsky , a University of Iowa professor of public health and lead author of the paper published in the journal PLOS One .
`` So , if we know that , should n't we be helping people ? It 's fairly easy , and older folks can go get the training game and play it . ''
The study is the latest in a series of research projects examining why people , as they age , lose `` executive function '' of the brain , which is needed for memory , attention , perception and problem-solving .
Wolinsky and colleagues separated 681 generally healthy patients in Iowa into four groups . Each of those was split into segments with people 50 to 64 years of age and those over age 65 .
One group was given computerised crossword puzzles , while three other groups were asked to play a video game called Road Tour , which revolves around identifying a type of vehicle displayed fleetingly on a licence plate .
Participants were asked to re-identify the vehicle type and match it with a road sign displayed from a circular array of possibilities .
The player must succeed at least three out of every four tries to advance to the next level , which speeds up the vehicle identification and adds more distractions .
`` The game starts off with an assessment to determine your current speed of processing . Whatever it is , the training can help you get about 70 per cent faster , '' Wolinsky said .
The groups that played the game at least 10 hours , either at home or in a lab at the university , gained at least three years of cognitive improvement when tested after one year .
A group that got four additional hours of training with the game did even better , improving their cognitive abilities by four years , according to the study .
`` We not only prevented the decline ( in cognitive abilities ) , we actually sped them up , '' Wolinsky said .
The key appeared to lie in improving the brain 's processing speed , which can also widen one 's field of view .
`` As we get older , our visual field collapses on us , '' Wolinsky explained .
`` We get tunnel vision . It 's a normal functioning of ageing . This helps to explain why most accidents happen at intersections because older folks are looking straight ahead and are less aware of peripherals . ''
The study builds on research begun in the 1990s on efforts to improve memory , reasoning and visual processing speed .
The researchers found those who played Road Tour scored far better than the crossword puzzle group in functions such as concentration , nimbleness with shifting from one mental task to another and the speed at which new information is processed .
The improvement ranged from 1.5 years to nearly seven years in cognitive improvement , the study found .
`` It 's the 'use it or lose it ' phenomenon , '' Wolinsky said .
`` Age-related cognitive decline is real , it 's happening and it starts earlier and then continues steadily . The good news is we can do something about it . ''
Summary
Allow incoming streams of object-serialization data to be filtered in order to improve both security and robustness .
Goals
Provide a flexible mechanism to narrow the classes that can be deserialized from any class available to an application down to a context-appropriate set of classes .
Provide metrics to the filter for graph size and complexity during deserialization to validate normal graph behaviors .
Provide a mechanism for RMI-exported objects to validate the classes expected in invocations .
The filter mechanism must not require subclassing or modification to existing subclasses of ObjectInputStream .
Define a global filter that can be configured by properties or a configuration file .
Non-Goals
Define or maintain any specific policy of what classes should be allowed or disallowed .
Fix complexity or integrity issues with specific classes or implementations .
Provide look-ahead capabilities in the stream .
Provide fine-grained visibility into the contents of objects .
Success Metrics
Minimal measurable performance impact for simple black-listing of classes
Motivation
Security guidelines consistently require that input from external sources be validated before use . The filter mechanism will allow object-serialization clients to more easily validate their inputs , and exported RMI objects to validate invocation arguments .
Description
The core mechanism is a filter interface implemented by serialization clients and set on an ObjectInputStream . The filter interface methods are called during the deserialization process to validate the classes being deserialized , the sizes of arrays being created , and metrics describing stream length , stream depth , and number of references as the stream is being decoded . The filter returns a status to accept , reject , or leave the status undecided .
For each new object in the stream the filter is called , with the class of the object , before the object is instantiated and deserialized . The filter is not called for primitives and java.lang.Strings that are encoded concretely in the stream . For each array , regardless of whether it is an array of primitives , array of Strings , or array of objects the filter is called with the array class and the array length . For each reference to an object already read from the stream , the filter is called so it can check the depth , number of references , and stream length . Filter actions are logged to the 'java.io.serialization ' logger , if logging is enabled .
For RMI , the object is exported via a RemoteServerRef that sets the filter on the MarshalInputStream to validate the invocation arguments as they are unmarshalled . Exporting objects via UnicastRemoteObject should support setting a filter to be used for unmarshalling .
Process-wide Filter
A process-wide filter is configured via a system property or a configuration file . The system property , if supplied , supersedes the security property value .
System property jdk.serialFilter
Security property jdk.serialFilter in conf/security/java.properties
A filter is configured as a sequence of patterns , each pattern is either matched against the name of a class in the stream or a limit . Patterns are separated by `` ; '' ( semi-colon ) . Whitespace is significant and is considered part of the pattern .
A limit pattern contains a `` = '' and sets a limit . If a limit appears more than once the last value is used . If any of the values in the call to ObjectInputFilter.checkInput ( ... ) exceeds the respective limit , the filter returns Status.REJECTED . Limits are checked before classes regardless of the order in the sequence of patterns .
maxdepth=value - the maximum depth of a graph
- the maximum depth of a graph maxrefs=value - the maximum number of internal references
- the maximum number of internal references maxbytes=value - the maximum number of bytes in the input stream
- the maximum number of bytes in the input stream maxarray=value - the maximum array size allowed
Other patterns , from left to right , match the class or package name as returned from Class.getName . If the class is an array type , the class or package to be matched is the element type . Arrays for any number of dimensions are treated the same as the element type . For example , a pattern of `` ! example.Foo '' , rejects creation of any instance or array of example.Foo .
If the pattern starts with `` ! `` , the class is rejected if the rest of the pattern matches , otherwise it is accepted
`` , the class is rejected if the rest of the pattern matches , otherwise it is accepted If the pattern contains `` / '' , the non-empty prefix up to the `` / '' is the module name . If the module name matches the module name of the class then the remaining pattern is matched with the class name . If there is no `` / '' , the module name is not compared .
If the pattern ends with `` . * * `` it matches any class in the package and all subpackages
`` it matches any class in the package and all subpackages If the pattern ends with `` . * `` it matches any class in the package
`` it matches any class in the package If the pattern ends with `` * `` , it matches any class with the pattern as a prefix .
`` , it matches any class with the pattern as a prefix . If the pattern is equal to the class name , it matches .
Otherwise , the status is undecided .
ObjectInputFilter Interface and API
The object-input filter interface is implemented by clients of RMI and serialization , and provides the behaviors of the process-wide configurable filter .
interface ObjectInputFilter { Status checkInput ( FilterInput filterInfo ) ; enum Status { UNDECIDED , ALLOWED , REJECTED ; } interface FilterInfo { Class < ? > serialClass ( ) ; long arrayLength ( ) ; long depth ( ) ; long references ( ) ; long streamBytes ( ) ; } public static class Config { public static void setSerialFilter ( ObjectInputFilter filter ) ; public static ObjectInputFilter getSerialFilter ( ObjectInputFilter filter ) ; public static ObjectInputFilter createFilter ( String patterns ) ; } }
ObjectInputStream Filter
ObjectInputStream has additional methods to set and get the current filter . If no filter is set for an ObjectInputStream then the global filter is used , if any .
public class ObjectInputStream ... { public final void setObjectInputFilter ( ObjectInputFilter filter ) ; public final ObjectInputFilter getObjectInputFilter ( ObjectInputFilter filter ) ; }
Alternatives
Modify existing subclasses and methods , but that would require changes that would inhibit use in third party implementations .
Testing
No existing tests need to be updated . New unit tests will test the filter mechanisms with serialized streams , RMI exported objects , and the global filtering mechanism .
Risks and Assumptions
The metrics presented to the filter supporting black lists , white lists , and stream metrics should be sufficient . When applied to the known use cases , some additional filter mechanisms may be discovered .
New APIs and interfaces will be introduced for JDK 9 . Backporting this feature to previous versions will require the introduction of implementation-specific APIs to avoid changes to older versions of the Java SE specification .
Support in Previous Oracle Java Releases
The configurable process wide filters are supported in previous releases :
Tampa 'ghost worker ' hearing that could oust longshoreman union bosses closed to rank and file Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Video
TAMPA , Fla. ( WFLA ) -- The International Longshoremen 's Association held a closed door hearing in Tampa Tuesday that may spell trouble for leaders of ILA Local 1402 that supplies dockworkers to Port Tampa Bay and Port Manatee .
On Monday , an 8 on Your Side investigation revealed allegations of ghost workers , or people paid as dockworkers who do n't actually perform any work , who have reportedly been on the union payroll for at least five years . Rank and file union members insist that kind of corruption has to stop , because it steals hours and benefits from them .
`` Because of the conflicts of interest that we 've been having and the corruption , we need to address this , '' said union member Charles Gibson . `` Because it 's hurting people . ''
Senior ILA executives held a hearing in Tampa with the Local 1402 executive board and trustees to determine whether there is enough evidence of corruption and financial malfeasance to remove Local 1402 union executives from power and replace them with trustees appointed by the ILA .
`` I 'm not worried about my job , '' said Local 1402 President James Harrell , who is paid $ 106,000 a year to run the Tampa ILA Local .
Last week , Harrell told 8 on Your Side they did n't know anything about ghost workers that were allegedly uncovered by a newly elected trustee of the Local 1402 pension board . Tuesday , they reportedly testified in the closed door meeting and also listened to hours of testimony by other witnesses regarding the alleged ghost workers and other questions of financial malfeasance by officers and trustees in their Tampa Local . During an afternoon break int they 're hearing , Harrell insisted they were still clueless about the existence of ghost workers on the docks .
`` I do n't know , '' Harrell said . `` They 're still discussing it . ''
Some union members say Local 1402 Vice President Leon Chandler has been running the Local 's day-to-day operation for some time , especially recently when Harrell was sick and hospitalized . Chandler refused any comment and stood mute when we asked them questions . Some union members claim that Chandler , Harrell and other senior Local officers run the longshoreman 's union like their own private club and favor friends when it comes to picking workers for daily jobs on the docks regardless of seniority .
`` It needs to stop . The older guard needs to change , '' Alexander said .
More than a dozen rank and file ILA members who were not allowed to attend the closed hearing spent Tuesday milling around the lobby of the Holiday Inn Westshore in Tampa . Some of them told 8 on Your Side they are eager for a change in leadership and believe they have lost thousands of hours of work and benefits due to ghost workers on the union payroll . Alexander is 65-years-old with decades of seniority , but says they still ca n't get the number of hours needs to support their family
`` I ca n't get my bonus money , holiday checks nothing , '' said Matthew Alexander . `` Because I did n't make my hours . '' Alexander said they fell 14 work hours short of an annual benchmark that would have boosted their benefits considerably .
ILA President Alan Robb oversees the South Atlantic and Gulf Coast District and called for a union investigation in a May 19 letter they wrote to the ILA International President Harold Daggett . In that letter , Robb described business practices in Tampa Local 1402 that allow for `` possible corruption and fraud . '' Robb also told the ILA 's top leader `` it has become clear that it is necessary to correct financial malpractice . ''
At the hearing Tuesday in Tampa , Robb was reluctant to say anything to 8 on Your Side about what so alarmed him .
`` I 'd rather refer you to our legal counsel in New York for any questions , '' Robb said .
ILA International 's General Vice President Wilbert Rowell presided over the day-long hearing in Tampa and also refused to reveal any specific testimony and discussion . Rowell and fellow hearing officer and ILA VP Charles Montgomery will return to ILA headquarters in New Jersey and eventually recommend whether issues are serious enough to remove Harrell and others from power and appoint trustees to oversee Tampa Local 1402 .
`` I have no comment at this time , '' Rowell told 8 on Your Side . `` We still have an investigation going on and you 'll get a press release at a later date . ''
http : //wx.wfla.com/oembed/app_promo/app_dl.html
Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis rules out the idea that the country would follow Trump 's example as Czech President had suggested .
Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis on Friday ruled out the idea that the Czech Republic would follow the United States ' example and move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , as Czech President Milos Zeman had suggested a day earlier .
`` This idea of President ( Donald ) Trump is not good . You can see the reactions , '' they told Czech public radio , according to The Associated Press .
Babis argued that `` the big countries should seek peace '' , adding that it was important not to create new conflicts in the Middle East and saying that the Czech Republic was a “ small country which should try and work for peace . ”
On Thursday , Zeman hinted that their country could follow the United States and move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem “ sooner or later ” .
`` [ President ] Trump 's decision makes me happy because when I visited Israel four years ago , I said that I would like to transfer the embassy , and that if that happens , we will be the first to do so , ” said the Czech president in a television interview .
They added that “ every country has the right to decide which city will serve as its capital , and by the same token , every country has the right to decide where its embassy will be located . ”
The Czech Republic followed in the footsteps of U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday and said it recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel .
“ The Czech Republic currently , before the peace between Israel and Palestine is signed , recognizes Jerusalem to be in fact the capital of Israel in the borders of the demarcation line from 1967 , ” said a statement issued by the Czech foreign ministry .
The statement also stressed that the Czech Republic “ considers Jerusalem to be future capital of both states , meaning the State of Israel and the future State of Palestine . ”
“ The Ministry can start considering moving of the Czech embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem only based on results of negotiations with key partners in the region and in the world , ” it added .
( Arutz Sheva 's North American desk is keeping you updated until the start of Shabbat in New York . The time posted automatically on all Arutz Sheva articles , however , is Israeli time . )
Getty Images
Adrian Peterson was n't the only NFL running back arrested over the weekend .
According to Bryan Fitzgerald of the Albany Times-Union , Eagles running back Dion Lewis and their older brother were arrested early Saturday after allegedly banging on the locked doors to a hotel lobby and eventually pulling a fire alarm .
Lewis is charged with a felony count of falsely reporting a fire . They also face misdemeanor reckless endangerment charges .
Lewis was a guest at the Hampton Inn in Albany , where the doors to the lobby are locked at midnight and only a guest key can secure admission . Both men reportedly were intoxicated at the time .
Dion Lewis was released following their arraignment . Their brother , 35-year-old Lamar Lewis , is being held without bail .
Before arguing that the police are overreacting by filing a felony charge , consider the context . They pulled a fire alarm at a hotel . ( Allegedly . ) After midnight , when plenty of the guests are , you know , asleep .
Lewis , a fifth-round pick in 2011 from Pitt , appeared in 15 games last season , rushing for 102 yards on 23 carries . With Ronnie Brown gone , Lewis is expected to be the top backup to another former Pitt Panther , LeSean McCoy .
Reached for comment by the Times-Union on Monday , Dion Lewis hung up the phone .
TAMPA , Fla. -- The Buccaneers ' Darrelle Revis has a message for the Seattle Seahawks ' Richard Sherman , who previously declared themselves the best cornerback in the NFL .
`` You ca n't crown yourself as anything in this league , '' Revis told USA Today Sports . `` You 've got to earn it . ''
Revis widely had been considered the league 's top cornerback in recent years . But they suffered a season-ending injury while playing for the New York Jets last year .
As Revis was rehabbing and before being traded to the Buccaneers , they and Sherman had a public battle for supremacy on Twitter .
`` He needs to quit attaching their career to my career , '' Revis said . `` A lot of people need to have respect for this game . I 'm not just talking about him . Respect what people have done to pave the way . Deion [ Sanders ] paved the way . Rod Woodson paved the way . Darrell Green . Mel Blount . Champ Bailey . Charles Woodson . Yeah , we 're the next group , but you do n't need to be getting into it with me .
`` At the end of the day , this is a fraternity . We 're all in this together , competing . But you do n't have to shoot nobody else down . ''
The Buccaneers play the Seahawks on Nov. 3 in Seattle .
A 13-year-old whose family raised money at has safely returned home , their family announced Wednesday .
'Phelicity is safely back in Australia . Them family will never have the words to describe how thankful they are to all be together during this difficult time . We love you all very much and Thank you for helping us give our girl them wish ! '
Phelicity Sneesby , the little girl who is ill and wanted to die at home in Australia has left Nationwide Children 's ... Posted by Maria Durant on { { { { { < > > } } } } Wednesday , February 24 , 2016
Them mom sent an update to ABC 6/FOX 28 's Maria Durant Tuesday afternoon , thanking the community for everything , and detailing what it took to get their daughter home .
`` The last day I saw you , they went into a coma and Ben had to return to Ohio as we did not think that they would survive . But in true Phelicity style they came through and became stable enough to fly . The doctors at Nationwide worked tirelessly to make this happen . Last Saturday was the day and we arrived in Brisbane on Monday . The flight was well planned and we had no delays ; the ambulance was ready to collect us when we landed in Brisbane and they went straight to the ICU at the Lady Cilento Children 's Hospital and was stabilised . It has taken them the past two days to gain a little strength and work out pain control . Now the doctors in Brisbane are working on a way to get them back to our house next week and still provide Phelicity with the care they need . Our family is thankful that we can be together during this painful time and spend the days ahead with Phelicity . ''
Phelicity Sneesby 's family received a huge outpouring of support in late January after announcing they needed help returning to Australia . The Sneesby family has been traveling back and forth from Australia to Nationwide Children 's Hospital for the last 13 years .
Their daughter , Phelicity , was born with hypoplastic left heart syndrome , basically meaning they only had half a heart .
`` We basically have been traveling to Ohio for 13 years , '' Veronica Sneesby said. `` Nationwide Children 's Hospital is the best place for children with congenital heart defect . ''
Yay ! ! ! Thank you for your help . 150k raised to help # flyerherhome to Australia . Amazing ! @ wsyx6 @ slingerwsyx6 A photo posted by Maria Durant ( @ mariawsyx6 ) on Jan 30 , 2016 at 4:44am PST
Phelicity also developed another condition . This condition depletes protein from Phelicity 's intestines and affects their immune system .
Phelicity ca n't travel commercially because of their condition . They needed a medical flight and that costs $ 150,000 .
Complementing Unit Testing with Static Analysis , with NUnit as an Example
Harry Lee Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 17 , 2016
When discussing static analysis tools for C # projects , programmers will often deny the necessity of static analysis arguing that most errors can be caught through unit testing . So , I decided to find out how well one of the most popular unit-testing frameworks , NUnit , was tested and see if our analyzer could find anything of interest there .
Introduction
NUnit is a popular unit-testing library for .NET projects ported from Java to C # . Its code is open and can be downloaded from the project website http : //www.nunit.org/ .
It should be noted that JUnit — the project that NUnit was ported from — was created by such renowned programmers as Erich Gamma , a co-author of the textbook on object-oriented design patterns , and Kent Beck , the creator of the test-driven development and extreme programming methodologies . I recall reading their book Test Driven Development By Example once , where they explain test-driven development by the example of creating a unit-testing framework , like JUnit , following all of their methodologies . What I mean to say is that there is no doubt that JUnit and NUnit were developed in keeping with the best traditions of unit testing , which is also confirmed by Kent Beck 's comment at the NUnit site : “ … an excellent example of idiomatic design . Most folks who port xUnit just transliterate the Smalltalk or Java version . That 's what we did with NUnit at first , too . This new version is NUnit as it would have been done had it been done in C # to begin with . ”
I looked through NUnit 's source files : there are piles of tests ; it looks like they have tested everything that could be tested . Taking into account the project 's great design and the fact that NUnit has been used by thousands of developers over a number of years , I did n't expect PVS-Studio to find a single bug there . Well , I was mistaken : it did find one bug .
About the bug found
It triggered the V3093 diagnostic , which deals with an issue when programmers use operators & and | instead of & & and || . This issue may cause troubles when it is critical that the right part of an expression should not execute under certain conditions . Let 's see what this error looks like in NUnit .
public class SubPathConstraint : PathConstraint
{
protected override bool Matches ( string actual )
{
return actual ! = null &
IsSubPath ( Canonicalize ( expected ) , Canonicalize ( actual ) ) ;
}
}
public abstract class PathConstraint : StringConstraint
{
protected string Canonicalize ( string path )
{
if ( Path.DirectorySeparatorChar ! =
Path.AltDirectorySeparatorChar )
path = path.Replace ( Path.AltDirectorySeparatorChar ,
Path.DirectorySeparatorChar ) ;
....
}
}
Even if the Matches method receives the value null as the actual parameter , the right operand of the & operator will be evaluated anyway , which means that the Canonicalize method will be called , too . If you look at this method 's definition , you 'll see that the value of its path parameter is not tested for null and method Replace is called on it right away — this is where NullReferenceException might be raised . Let 's try to reproduce this issue . For that purpose , I wrote a simple unit-test :
[ Test ]
public void Test1 ( )
{
Assert.That ( @ '' C : \Folder1\Folder2 '' , Is.SubPathOf ( null ) ) ;
}
Now let 's run it and here 's what we get :
Here it is : NUnit crashed with NullReferenceException . PVS-Studio managed to find a real bug even in such a well-tested product as NUnit is . Note that it was no harder than writing a unit-test : you just run project analysis from the menu and check the grid with the results .
Conclusion
Unit testing and static analysis are not alternative , but complementary software-development strategies [ 1 ] . Download PVS-Studio analyzer and run it on your projects to see if it can find errors that tests did n't .
References
By Ilya Ivanov
A new and lethal strain of synthetic heroin resulted in five overdose deaths in Minnesota this year , and officials believe another five undetermined deaths will also be linked to the drug .
The five cases are the first confirmed in-state deaths caused by carfentanil , a drug from China that is 100 times more potent than the already dangerous fentanyl . Carfentanil is federally approved to immobilize large animals such as elephants for surgery , and two salt-sized specks of the opioid can cause instant death , a local emergency room doctor said Thursday .
The victims , who ranged in ages from 23 to 43 , died in Minneapolis , Apple Valley and Faribault in January and February . It appears they had no clue their heroin purchase was laced with carfentanil , and the drug ca n't be diluted enough for safe human consumption .
“ The drug is so new very little is known about it and the impact the drug has on humans , ” said Dr. Jon Cole , an emergency room doctor and medical director of the Minnesota Poison Control System . “ We do n't even know how much carfentanil is in the current heroin supply . ”
For the past several years , law enforcement has struggled to prevent heroin and fentanyl overdoses . In Hennepin County alone , there were a record 144 opioid-related deaths in 2016 . It 's possible carfentanil played a role in some of the deaths , but the drug is so new that testing for it would n't have been required .
“ A few years ago no one had heard of fentanyl , but now it is a major factor in the opioid epidemic , and today we learned that an even deadlier opioid [ carfentanil ] has made its way to our community , ” said Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek .
Carfentanil stops a person 's ability to breathe . Beyond Minnesota , other states are getting their first experience with the drug . In New York City this week , 34 people were charged with running a sprawling drug ring that sold a drug very similar to carfentanil . The drug sold for as little as $ 7 to $ 10 per dose , and police said it was distributed by a well-known local street gang .
On Wednesday , President Donald Trump announced their plan to create a national effort to combat the opioid crisis that will be led by Gov . Chris Christie of New Jersey .
Locally , many police departments have started education campaigns and prescription-pill disposal centers . They also have trained officers to carry naloxone , a drug administrated through the nose that can revive a person suffering a heroin overdose . If reached in time , the drug can save a carfentanil user , said Cole .
“ Prevention is critical , ” they said . “ We need to be concerned . ”
The five carfentanil deaths happened between Jan. 30 and Feb. 17 . Three of the deaths were in Minneapolis , and Deputy Police Chief Bruce Folkens said investigators have n't determined if there are any similarities or the source of the drug .
The cause of the last carfentanil death was n't confirmed until two days ago , said Andrew Baker , the chief medical examiner for Hennepin , Dakota and Scott counties . The drug is extremely difficult to detect and few labs can test for it , they said .
When the cluster of carfentanil overdoses was discovered , Baker 's office notified law enforcement , hospitals and poison control centers . Even contact with the smallest dosage of the drug can be dangerous for first responders , they said . The state Bureau of Criminal Apprehension gives naloxone to its agents when they handle search warrants and keep doses near lab scientists .
As part of Gov . Mark Dayton 's proposed budget , the BCA hopes to receive funding for several additional analysts , said agency Superintendent Drew Evans . Last year , their agency did testing for more than 28,000 drug cases , a 47 percent increase from 2015 , they said .
Eleven of the cases tested positive for carfentanil , and the BCA has already received a significant amount of requests for fentanyl cases this year .
“ This is a health crisis , ” said Evans . “ Carfentanil will kill you . ”
Drew and Apple Valley Police Chief Jon Rechtzigel warned the public and opioid users of the dangers of carfentanil . The chief stressed that overdosing from this drug is n't just an inner city problem .
Investigators are working locally and nationally to find the source of the carfentanil , said Ken Solek , assistant special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Administration 's Twin Cities office . It most likely is made in China and brought in by Mexican drug cartels for distribution on the streets . It could also be bought online , they said .
Since such a small amount is laced in the drug , the profit margin can be high , said Solek . But most intelligence we have is that people do n't even know they are taking it , they said .
“ There are n't a lot of repeat offenders with the drug , ” they said . “ Any new drug on the market is frustrating for law enforcement . We feel like we are always chasing that dragon . ”
David Chanen • 612-673-4465
New York City Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio 's New Year resolution is to ban the horse-drawn carriage from Central Park and city streets .
It 's inhumane , they said , to subject horses to dangerous city streets , NBC News reported .
“ We are going to quickly and aggressively move to make horse carriages no longer a part of the landscape in New York City , ” Mr. de Blasio said , NBC New York reported . “ They are not humane . … It 's over . ”
Animal rights groups are cheering .
“ We believe that the use of carriage horses in 21st century New York City is unnatural , unnecessary and an undeniable strain on the horses ' quality of life , ” said Stacy Wolf , the senior vice president of the ASPCA 's Anti-Cruelty Group , to NBC News .
But those who make a living off their horse-drawn carriages are n't so enamored with the plan and vow to fight the incoming mayor 's plans . A legal challenge could be part and parcel of that fight , opponents said .
“ We look forward to having a long battle with [ Mr. de Blasio ] , ” said Stephen Malone , who 's operated a horse-drawn carriage for 26 years , to NBC News .
Horse-drawn carriage rides have been part of the city 's landscape since 1857 , when Central Park first opened , NBC reported .
“ It 's a part of New York history , ” said Sid Kolo , a field manager for New York Central Park Tours , to NBC .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
By Luke Furman
Promoter Yvon Michel , who handles WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson ( 24-1 , 20KOs ) , has no doubt that a deal can be reached for a unification with IBF/WBA champion Bernard Hopkins ( 55-6-2 , 32KOs ) .
Right now the timeline for the anticipated unification is unknown . Stevenson injured their left hand during Saturday 's tough twelve round decision victory over Polish challenger Andrzej Fonfara .
`` We need to know more about the nature of their injury , '' Michel said . `` When [ we know the full details of the injury ] , I 'll sit down with the manager of Adonis , Al Haymon , and the Showtime network , for discussions [ to make the fight ] . I do not think it will be difficult to set up a clash between Adonis and Hopkins with what happened [ on Saturday ] . ''
Stevenson said they injured their hand after hitting Fonfara 's elbow .
`` I hit the elbow of Fonfara . All I know is right now I am not able to move my thumb . I was in pain with every shot I threw . When this happened , I knew [ the fight ] would be long , so I had to be smart and strategic . ''
​Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce is facing the sack already after a disastrous start to the new season .
The Villans drew their Championship opener with Hull 1-1 , but have since lost 2-1 to Colchester in the EFL Cup and 3-0 to Cardiff and 2-1 to Reading in the league - which has already left Bruce on the brink .
Owner Dr. Tony Xia is hopeful of alleviating some pressure on the former Hull and Sunderland boss by bringing in at least one new signing in the next two weeks , but the supporters are far from happy .
4000 travelling Villa fans made their feelings heard at the Madejski Stadium after they were made early favourites for promotion back to the Premier League .
The ​Star claim Bruce has just three games to save themselves as manager following the dismay - those three games being against Norwich , Wigan in the Carabao Cup and Bristol City .
The under-fire boss said : `` I 'm the right man to turn it around but whether or not I 'm given time is not for me to answer . The enormity of Aston Villa comes into play .
`` Some have shied away from it . They have to grasp the nettle too . We have to match the expectation . I will see what a few people are made of . We 're up against it and you judge everyone . ''
Which defender would you choose ? Laurent Koscielny Toby Alderweireld
​​
From the rising divides in our country to the first months of a Trump presidency , it 's all been too much for one ( black ) person to think through . The conversations I 've had with people ( especially those with privilege—who just `` did n't see this day coming '' ) about being black in America have created a whole new level of exhaustion in some of my daily spaces .
Not having the privilege to disconnect your body and your mind from the current conversations on race , politics , and misogyny , which are literally happening everywhere , is particularly taxing , whether you 're in the classroom or the local gay bar . Whatever used to be hidden under the rug is now staring us in the face , and if both the Knowles sisters had n't `` armed '' us PoC with their albums I would n't have the musical `` weapons of mass destruction '' that have become whiteness escape outlets .
If we ( PoC ) could gain anything from this churning of our capitalistic society called America , it should be in the form of government compensation . I want # TrumpChecks . For myself , and better yet for women of color whose steadfast labor , in spite of the risks , still goes unrewarded . The ( white ) people who have never had to question their freedom while walking back to their own home , the white people who “ do n't see color , ” are going to have to ( finally ) wake up and pull their weight in ways they refrained from before , because all of us minorities are officially tired . Fed up . Done ! No longer working to `` woke '' you for free .
I know there are so many pieces to this ( f-ed up ) political puzzle , but right now is a time to listen before criticizing , and resist all forms of oppression in our communities . This means fighting for rights that you may already have , in order to keep from losing them . Trump 's current shenanigans and the march woke many of us up . Tragic that it took this long and this much , but never have I seen this many white folks , or any kind of folks , show up for racial justice . I am not praising any privileged group for doing what they should already be doing every day ( rejecting oppression rather than submitting to it through passive silence ) , but I do recognize that resistance and intersectional social justice will take every single one of us recognizing our role and our power to drive progress forward .
Before the Women 's March on Washington I used to think that my grandmother and other black elders in my family were jaded ; they always seemed to write off injustice in our society as something that will never change . I was raised to live with tacit acceptance of racism and misogyny because that was the simpler option . `` Do n't trust those who are ( highly ) likely to oppress you . ''
Many folks , whom are still oppressed by today 's systems , warned us , for years , about today . Years . So what should white people ( and really all of us ) do now ? Engage with the people/communities that you are not integrated with , because you have a lot to learn from their stories . Then take the tea they share with you and transfer that quality education to the communities where ( sadly ) your word carries more weight than mine does ( # deconstructwhiteness ) . And the answer to the burning question is yes : you can be white and woke . It just requires the recognition and acceptance of the ways in which one 's whiteness/privilege can be utilized to push forward the social justice agenda , including the ones which you may not ( directly ) benefit from .
Whatever you do , do n't sit silent . Do n't ignore any ( emotional ) build-up from non-action resistance . Act up for social justice strategically . Or you will end up like Becky , who bottled it all up until caffeine made them explode over the wrong outlet and look cray-cray .
Consider what it would be like to live in a world where white people take on the labor of making other white people woke af , eliminating my responsibility . Honestly , as a black , gay person , to carry the weight of educating all on the complexities of thriving in systems that are not set up for you , in my experience , is beyond tiresome—especially when such a responsibility becomes the known norm that only you know . Black people , especially those in higher ed , need a vacation from racism .
—Follow Chaz Barracks on Twitter : @ ChZ_PhD
The event was stopped after a relative of a minister protested
Schools in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu are to be instructed not to stage events with `` risky '' stunts , an official told the BBC .
The move follows an event in which a martial arts trainer drove a motorcycle over the hands of students .
The show , at a school in Villupuram , was stopped after protests from the relative of a government minister .
Authorities said parents of students had pressured the school into staging the event .
The head of Tamil Nadu 's elementary school department , K Devarajan , told the BBC that all 50,000 schools in the state would be told not to hold events which involve `` risky stunts and practices '' .
Safety fears
It follows the incident on 15 July in which a martial arts trainer rode a motorcycle over the outstretched hands of students lying on the ground .
Another stunt involved the bike being ridden over a plank laid on top of a girl lying on the ground .
The function was stopped by a relative of the state higher education minister who feared for the children 's safety .
`` Though there are instructions to schools regarding safety of the students , such events sometimes happen because of overwhelming demand from parents , '' Mr Devarajan said .
Authorities say the students ' parents had consented to the event
They said that parents had insisted on the show .
`` They told the principal that their children had been trained in such martial arts , '' Mr Devarajan said .
One of the parents present told a newspaper that they had consented to the event .
`` The students offered to lie down on their own , '' S Ilangovan said .
Martial arts are popular among students in India and many schools hold special classes .
Here at Canucks Army , we love three things more than anything in the
world : prospects , prospect rankings , and whining about prospect
rankings . Every summer we vote on and rank the top-20 Canucks prospects to
take stock of what 's in the system , and every summer we hear vocal
complaints from our readers they disagree with our rankings .
So this year , in our mid-term ranking , we gave you the chance to vote on prospects and
have a say on these players . Since our summer rankings , we 've
simplified the definition of “ prospect ” to any player in the Vancouver
Canucks ' system that is eligible for the Calder Trophy if they were to
play in the NHL this year . This means that players like Linden Vey and
Joacim Eriksson who were not rated over the summer will be covered in
this series .
Without further adieu , here are the Canucks prospects that were rated 16th to 13th .
# 16 – Joacim Eriksson
Previous Ranking : Not Rated
Joacim Eriksson has be relegated to the back up in Utica this year , sharing the net with top goalie Jacob Markstom , but they have received a large amount of playing time due to Markstrom 's broken hand earlier this year .
Eriksson has played in 24 games this year allowing 57 goals against which translates to a .916 save percentage ( ranked 26th ) , 2.39 goals against average and a record of 13-6-4 . In terms of their fancystats Markstrom is above league average by 0.03 which translates to a save-percentage z-score of 0.06 . Their Goals-Saved Above Average is 1.57 ( ranked 38th ) . They have 17 Quality Starts ( 65 % ) , 4 Really Bad Starts and 2 Bail Outs .
Eriksson did not have the adjustment period this season as they did last season . So far they are showing to be a slightly above average AHL goalie but it remains to be seen if they will be able to be an NHLer . They are young and has time but there also appears to be a goaltender log jam above him .
# 15 – Andrey Pedan
Previous Ranking : Not Rated , not in the system
Not too much was known about Andrey Pedan before this season as they came into the Canucks system this season in exchange for Alex Mallet and a 3rd round pick in 2016 . They are often playing in the Comets top 4 and is known for being a big player ( listed at 6 ' 5″ ) . Pedan does not score a lot , currently they have 1 goal and 5 assists through 23 games with the Comets and they are averaging just over 1 shot a game .
Their most notable moment this season came when they one punch KO-d Jarred Tinordi of the Hamilton Bulldogs ( Montreal Canadiens ) .
You can read more about Pedan from the New York Islanders ' blog “ Lighthouse Hockey ” as they reviewed them as their 18th best Under-25 player in the system . Defencemen are known to develop later than forwards so we can afford to wait another year or two to make a judgement on Pedan and their likelihood of NHL success . Right now , given their success in the CHL and their toughness but relative inability to break into an AHL team full-time before this season , there are arguments to be made both ways .
# 14 – Alexandre Grenier
Previous Ranking : 11th
Alex Grenier had a great season in 2013-2014 with the Utica Comets as one of the few prospects who was able to step in and help the team . This year they seem to have fallen back a bit but it appears to be more of an issue of less ice time than having regressed .
In 34 AHL games this season , playing in the middle 6 , Grenier has 9 goals , 8 assists and 75 shots on net . They are 2nd in Canucks prospects in scoring in the AHL and 6th on the team overall . Grenier is tied exactly in goals and assists with the younger Nicklas Jensen .
Alex Grenier is an older prospect as they are in their 23 year old season and will be 24 next year . If they are not ready for NHL action next season it 's unlikely they will have much of an NHL career . Look for them try to earn an NHL position next season in the Canucks bottom 6 which they will have to contend with Nicklas Jensen and Jake Virtanen for .
Grenier could potentially be the one older draft pick that Gillis made that could pan out .
# 13 – Ben Hutton
Previous Ranking : 8th
Ben Hutton has fallen in production this year and it appears to be the result of two issues . The first is that Maine is near the bottom of their conference , while last year they were a middling team . The second is that Ben Hutton 's shooting percentage has dropped to 6.3 %
In 28 games this year Hutton has 5 goals and 9 assists while they are still shooting at an elite rate of 2.82 shots/game , even more impressive considering they are a defenceman .
The jury is still out on if they will become an NHLer but there is plenty to be excited about on this player . Their defensive abilities have been questioned by scouts but they are good enough to be nominated for the Hobey Baker award two years in a row . Hutton is a member of the 2012 draft class and part of GIllis ideal to draft NCAA players later in the draft to give them time to develop .
Stay tuned for part three of this series , which will run on Sunday and cover the 12th-10th prospects in Vancouver 's system !
1 of 5
You have to believe there will be some sort of offensive package installed for Treon Harris this season . He 's simply too talented to redshirt given their playmaking ability and Florida 's need for speed and big plays . Whether it 's the Wildcat formation or Harris given 10 plays as a traditional quarterback to make things happen , he 's going to have chances to make a splash as a true first-year student .
The reason they may start a game at some point in the year is the wild inconsistency at the quarterback position . Jeff Driskel has given Florida fans more nightmares than they would like , and Skyler Mornhinweg has n't shown anything that would make you believe he 's a reliable backup quarterback .
Harris at least has the skill set that gives them a fighting chance if they need to step in as a starter in the middle of the season . Like Johnny Manziel , sometimes it 's best to shy away from the playbook and let the kid do what he 's done all their life . Their backyard-style of play would give them the upper hand if the coaching staff is forced to make a drastic decision .
This is certainly no guarantee , but with the way this position has been the past few seasons , it 's always best to expect the unexpected .
Reverse image searching with your brain is now for real , so long as you 're looking for either Josh Brolin or Marilyn Monroe and can provide your own set of intracranial electrodes . In a recent experiment , researchers hooked twelve people up to a game where they fought to display a particular image on a screen by firing the correct neurons in their brain . Though the device was only successful about two-thirds of the time , it works much more rapidly than many other brain-machine interfaces and on much more specific targets .
Brain-computer interfacing has made some impressive progress over the last few years in both humans and primates . But researchers have recently become interested in whether people are able to exert control over specific neurons in real time , to the exclusion of other neurons . This level of fine-grained control may be essential to get a computer to accomplish a task .
In the new work , scientists used twelve people who already have intracranial electrodes installed in their brains to help prevent epileptic episodes . They presented the subjects with two pictures—one of Josh Brolin , the other of Marilyn Monroe—and recorded which sets of neurons in the medial temporal lobe ( MTL ) fired as the subjects viewed each picture .
The subjects were then shown the two images superimposed on each other , and had to `` will '' the superposition to fade into a distinct Josh Brolin or Marilyn Monroe by trying to fire the relevant set of neurons . They were given between three and five seconds to complete the task .
Despite having no training in firing particular sets of neurons , the subjects were successful in forcing the image to resolve into one subject 69 percent of the time . The authors found that the subjects had slightly more success if the sets of neurons associated with each picture were in different hemispheres or regions of the brain .
The authors note that a single concept can be represented by up to one million MTL neurons , though often far fewer are required . Googling with your brain rather than your keyboard may still be a way into the future , but we may be getting closer .
Nature , 2010 . DOI : 10.1038/nature09510 ( About DOIs ) .
PoliZette Trump 's ‘ Mad Men ' Brain Trust Stephen Miller set for White House after years shaping the platform carried to victory in 2016
A year ago it would have been all too easy to overlook Stephen Miller in a scan of influential staff defining policy in Washington , D.C. — now Miller would top the list . The former senior policy adviser to both the Trump campaign and transition team was named senior policy adviser to the future Trump White House Tuesday .
Formerly the communications director for Sen. Jeff Sessions , Miller was noted mainly for their reputation as a conservative ideologue and a penchant for skinny ties and suits tailored in slim , '60s-style cuts that earned them the sobriquet “ Mad Men ” from their peers on the Hill .
“ I doubt I 'll ever come across another person who puts as much passion and intelligence to work for everyday Americans . ”
Advertisement
Miller had risen to some prominence among Beltway conservative circles through their work for Sen . Sessions . If Sessions was the leading voice of right-wing populism in the GOP , it is largely because of Miller 's influence and vision .
Ann Coulter tweeted “ I 'M IN HEAVEN ! Trump hires Sen . Sessions ' brain trust ” in response to news of Miller 's joining the campaign in June with good cause . It was largely due to Miller 's work that Republicans were able to sink the infamous Gang of Eight amnesty bargain .
“ Stephen Miller is a patriot . I worked with them for the better part of a decade and , aside from our boss Sen . Sessions , I never saw anyone else so committed to the national interest , ” Andrew Logan , Sessions ' former press secretary who worked with Miller for six years , told LifeZette .
“ Ever-focused on what would be best for American workers , Stephen was unafraid to challenge the conventional wisdom of elites in both government and the media . Their fluency discussing abstract philosophical ideas is matched only by their ease at absorbing minute policy details , ” said Logan . “ President-Elect Trump has made a superb choice , and will be well-served by Stephen 's counsel . ”
The work Miller did while in Sessions ' employ was arguably crucial to laying the very groundwork for Trump 's successful campaign . “ You could not get where we are today with this movement if it did n't have a center of gravity that was intellectually coherent , ” Trump strategist and former Breitbart News CEO Steve Bannon told Politico in June . “ A ton of that was done by Sen . Sessions ' staff , and Stephen Miller was at the cutting edge of that , ” they said . “ Miller is providing the intellectual architecture for an insurgency against the Republican Party , ” Bannon continued .
Advertisement
Before joining the Trump campaign , Miller had a reputation as a bit of a wonk , a man more content to craft a winning message behind the scenes than to deliver it in front of cameras . During the course of Trump 's campaign , however , Miller became Trump 's personal one-man hype crew , working up the crowds at Trump 's rallies into a frenzy before introducing the candidate to rapturous applause .
[ lz_related_box id= ” 258370″ ]
“ I doubt I 'll ever come across another person who puts as much passion and intelligence to work for everyday Americans , ” said LifeZette Senior Editor Garrett Murch , who worked with Miller in Sessions ' office for five years .
“ Perhaps what was most impressive about them was their ability to grasp both the nuances and the big picture of policy and then detect bulls * * t in the arguments of both the Democrats and Establishment Republicans , ” Murch added .
Miller 's appointment should go far to assuage the fears of populist-minded conservatives who worry Donald Trump 's presidency will be hijacked by the GOP Establishment . Trump has made a number of recent appointments of individuals associated with the more Establishment and globalist tendencies of the GOP , such as ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of state .
But with Miller leading policy in the Trump White House — and Steve Bannon leading strategy — chances of an Establishment , globalist takeover of the Trump presidency seem slim .
Rail unions betray London Underground strike
By Robert Stevens
13 February 2014
Once again the trade unions have turned a potential offensive by the working class into a rout .
On Tuesday the National Union of Rail , Maritime and Transport Workers ( RMT ) union and Transport Salaried Staff Association ( TSSA ) cancelled the second scheduled 48-hour strike by London Underground ( LU ) workers against the planned closure of ticket offices across the network , with the loss of 950 jobs .
The strike was sabotaged just hours before it was due to go ahead at 9pm .
The unions ended the action despite London Underground 's refusal to back down on any of the attacks it intends to impose , as part of Transport for London 's overall £225 million cuts programme .
The agreement was reached after talks between LU and the unions at the conciliation service ACAS . LU said there will be “ two months of intensive talks , to examine LU 's proposals in detail , during which time there will be no further industrial action . ”
A “ station by station ” review will be undertaken , which could result in “ some ticket offices remaining open . ”
The unions ended the dispute just a week after a strike on February 4 and 5 brought the capital to a standstill and won widespread support from London 's population .
The capitulation was reprehensible , even by the normal standards of the union bureaucracy . The unions surrendered under conditions in which the Conservative Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , in response to the first strike , called for a strike ban in “ essential services ” such as the London Underground . The Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen ( ASLEF ) , the main train drivers ' union , as is now usual , scabbed on that strike .
The TSSA , with around 900 members , largely in the ticket offices earmarked for closure , was the first to call off Tuesday 's strike . “ We have now agreed a process where all our serious concerns over safety and job losses will be seriously addressed through the normal channels , ” it said .
The National Union of Rail , Maritime and Transport Workers ( RMT ) has 8,300 members working on the Tube . It followed TSSA 's announcement by putting out a memo to members saying it would enter into a “ detailed discussion in respect of London Underground 's Fit for the Future—Stations proposals . It is acknowledged that as a result of these discussions with the trades unions , the proposals could be subject to change . ”
The talks would centre on “ a station-by-station review including ticket office closures which could result in some ticket offices remaining open ” said the memo [ emphasis added ] .
The bulk of job losses will clearly go ahead , with perhaps a few ticket offices at major stations maintained .
The main aim of the union bureaucracy all along was to ensure that they retained their role in imposing cuts on the workforce . Their main objection was that this had been denied to them when LU unilaterally announced the attacks on the workforce in November .
General Secretary Bob Crow said the RMT was “ forced and provoked into a dispute that we never wanted , ” adding , “ RMT is happy to discuss any issues with LU through the machinery of negotiation and we are glad that we have now got back to where we should have been right at the start of this process . ”
LU 's head , Mike Brown , in welcoming the deal , stated , “ We have always said that we want the unions to engage fully with us , to help shape our proposals for the future of the Tube . ”
Commenting on the agreement , BBC London Transport correspondent Tom Edwards observed , “ London Underground 's modernisation plan survives ( albeit it is suspended for now ) and you would expect to eventually see many of the proposals with some ticket office closures . ”
“ What it really means is that we are now back at the beginning . The process of modernisation can start , but with the unions involved , ” they added .
No real sacrifice was involved on the part of LU . It was highly probable that keeping some offices open was always their fallback position .
LU remains on the warpath , insisting that its cuts were going to be implemented with the help of the unions . Brown told the London Evening Standard , “ This is a change programme where unfortunately jobs have to go , but inevitably and without fear of failure change will happen. ” They added , “ We will get the unions ' views station by station . We are going to have visitor information centres at places such as Victoria and King 's Cross and it is possible some of the bigger stations [ London Bridge and Waterloo ] we might review ... but this is the exception to the rule . The reality is booking offices are from the Victorian age . ”
Brown claimed “ the same form of words ” from the LU that ended the dispute this week was almost accepted by the unions just before last week 's strike .
RMT and the TSSA have a history of professing their opposition to attacks on the workforce , while collaborating behind the scenes to implement them . In 2011 , the RMT closed down a series of powerful strikes , helping management to impose 800 jobs cuts at stations and ticket offices .
Crow said to London LBC radio station immediately after Tuesday 's sell-out that the dispute was about , “ how they apply these job losses . There 's nothing unusual about job losses . They happen from time to time with all types of different industries that we deal with as well . It 's the nature of how you handle it . ”
As could be expected the unions ' betrayal solicited nothing but apologetics from various pseudo-left outfits , who are longtime collaborators of Crow and the RMT .
Workers Liberty baldly stated , “ The suspension of the action is not a sell-out . ”
After falsely claiming “ management agreed some concessions , ” through gritted teeth they admitted there were “ no definite , specific commitments to back down on the proposals ” from LU .
The Socialist Workers Party wrote a short piece , describing how the strike was called off as if talking about the changing of the weather . Not a single criticism was made , even as they conceded that “ there is no guarantee that jobs will be saved . ”
The Socialist Party ( SP ) , whose former member Steve Hedley is RMT Assistant General Secretary , are Crow 's closest political allies—with the RMT leader acting as the figurehead for its Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition electoral front . Up to their necks in what had transpired , the SP wrote in effusive terms , “ RMT members will see this as an important development . Before the strike LU was utterly intransigent but now they have also indicated that they are even prepared to revisit the issue of ticket office closures . ”
Ecstatic that the union bureaucracy was to once again be fully involved in hiring and firing , the SP wrote , “ They have also agreed that the terms of the consultation will be mutually agreed and that they will take place at company council level—whereas previously they were at a level that could n't challenge the economics of the LU proposal . ”
In a feeble attempt to justify Crow 's actions , the SP insisted , “ Members expect their representatives to exploit every opportunity to negotiate . ”
Crow and their cheerleaders deserve nothing but contempt . LU workers gave the union a mandate to oppose job losses . Instead , they used this as a mandate to organise job cuts .
The wrecking of yet another offensive by a powerful group of workers demonstrates that no avenue of struggle remains open through the trade unions . What is required is the development of a rank and file insurgency against these decrepit organisations .
The author also recommends :
Support the London Underground strikers !
[ 11 February 2014 ]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Note : A conference call for media with FTC Acting Chairman Maureen K. Ohlhausen and Acting Director of the Bureau of Consumer Protection Tom Pahl was held on September 5 , 2017 .
Time : 11 a.m . ET .
FTC staff were available to take questions from the media .
Lenovo Inc. , one of the world 's largest computer manufacturers , has agreed to settle charges by the Federal Trade Commission and 32 State Attorneys General that the company harmed consumers by pre-loading software on some laptops that compromised security protections in order to deliver ads to consumers .
In its complaint , the FTC charged that beginning in August 2014 Lenovo began selling consumer laptops in the United States that came with a preinstalled “ man-in-the-middle ” software program called VisualDiscovery that interfered with how a user 's browser interacted with websites and created serious security vulnerabilities .
“ Lenovo compromised consumers ' privacy when it preloaded software that could access consumers ' sensitive information without adequate notice or consent to its use , ” said Acting FTC Chairman Maureen K. Ohlhausen . “ This conduct is even more serious because the software compromised online security protections that consumers rely on . ”
VisualDiscovery software , developed by a company called Superfish , Inc. , was installed on hundreds of thousands of Lenovo laptops . It delivered pop-up ads from the company 's retail partners whenever a user 's cursor hovered over a similar looking product on a website .
To deliver its ads , VisualDiscovery acted as a “ man-in-the-middle ” between consumers ' browsers and the websites they visited , even those websites that were encrypted . Without the consumer 's knowledge or consent , this “ man-in-the-middle ” technique allowed VisualDiscovery to access all of a consumer 's sensitive personal information transmitted over the Internet , including login credentials , Social Security numbers , medical information , and financial and payment information . While VisualDiscovery collected and transmitted to Superfish 's servers more limited information , such as the websites the user browsed and the consumer 's IP address , Superfish had the ability to collect more information .
To facilitate its display of pop-up ads on encrypted websites ( those that include https : // in the web address ) , the complaint also alleges that VisualDiscovery used an insecure method to replace digital certificates for those websites with its own VisualDiscovery-signed certificates . Digital certificates are used to signal to a user 's browser that the encrypted websites visited by a consumer are authentic and not imposters . VisualDiscovery , however , did not adequately verify that the websites ' digital certificates were valid before replacing them , and used the same , easy-to-crack password on all affected laptops rather than using unique passwords for each laptop .
Because of these security vulnerabilities , consumers ' browsers could not warn users when they visited potentially spoofed or malicious websites with invalid digital certificates . The vulnerabilities also enabled potential attackers to intercept consumers ' electronic communications with any website , including financial institutions and medical providers , by simply cracking the pre-installed password . The complaint alleges that Lenovo did not discover these security vulnerabilities because it failed to assess and address security risks created by third-party software it preloaded on its laptops .
As part of the settlement with the FTC , Lenovo is prohibited from misrepresenting any features of software preloaded on laptops that will inject advertising into consumers ' Internet browsing sessions or transmit sensitive consumer information to third parties . The company must also get consumers ' affirmative consent before pre-installing this type of software . In addition , the company is required for 20 years to implement a comprehensive software security program for most consumer software preloaded on its laptops . The security program will also be subject to third-party audits .
The Commission vote to issue the administrative complaint and to accept the consent agreement was 2-0 . Acting Chairman Ohlhausen issued a statement on the case , and Commissioner Terrell McSweeny issued a concurring statement on the case .
The FTC will publish a description of the consent agreement package in the Federal Register shortly . The agreement will be subject to public comment for 30 days , beginning today and continuing through October 5 , 2017 , after which the Commission will decide whether to make the proposed consent order final . Interested parties can submit comments electronically by following the instructions in the “ Invitation To Comment ” part of the “ Supplementary Information ” section .
NOTE : The Commission issues an administrative complaint when it has “ reason to believe ” that the law has been or is being violated , and it appears to the Commission that a proceeding is in the public interest . When the Commission issues a consent order on a final basis , it carries the force of law with respect to future actions . Each violation of such an order may result in a civil penalty of up to $ 40,654 .
The Federal Trade Commission works to promote competition , and protect and educate consumers . You can learn more about consumer topics and file a consumer complaint online or by calling 1-877-FTC-HELP ( 382-4357 ) . Like the FTC on Facebook , follow us on Twitter , read our blogs and subscribe to press releases for the latest FTC news and resources .
In October , Kaspersky Labs found itself in a situation familiar to many tech companies : it was sued ( PDF ) by a do-nothing patent holder in East Texas who demanded a cash settlement before it would go away .
The patent-licensing company , Wetro Lan LLC , owned US Patent No . 6,795,918 , which essentially claimed an Internet firewall . The patent was filed in 2000 despite the fact that computer network firewalls date to the 1980s . The '918 patent was used in what the Electronic Frontier Foundation called an `` outrageous trolling campaign , '' in which dozens of companies were sued out of Wetro Lan 's `` headquarters , '' a Plano office suite that it shared with several other firms that engage in what is pejoratively called `` patent-trolling . '' Wetro Lan 's complaints argued that a vast array of Internet routers and switches infringed its patent .
Most companies sued by Wetro Lan apparently reached settlements within a short time , a likely indicator of low-value settlement demands . Not a single one of the cases even reached the claim construction phase . But Kaspersky would n't pay up .
As claim construction approached , Kaspersky 's lead lawyer Casey Kniser served discovery requests for Wetro Lan 's other license agreements . They suspected the amounts were low .
`` Their patent was for a firewall that 's not user-configurable , '' Kniser said in an interview with Ars . `` They knew ours was configurable . So they started taking weird positions , basically saying , 'Well , you can only configure it a little bit . ' I think that would have gotten them in trouble as far as [ patent ] validity goes . ''
Wetro Lan 's settlement demands kept dropping , down from its initial `` amicable '' demand of $ 60,000 . Eventually , the demands reached $ 10,000—an amount that 's extremely low in the world of patent litigation . Kniser tried to explain that it did n't matter how far the company dropped the demand . `` Kaspersky wo n't pay these people even if it 's a nickel , '' they said .
Then Kniser took a new tack .
`` We said , actually , $ 10,000 is fine , '' said Kniser . `` Why do n't you pay us $ 10,000 ? ''
After some back-and-forth , Wetro Lan 's lawyer agreed to pay Kaspersky $ 5,000 to end the litigation . Papers were filed Monday , and both sides have dropped their claims .
`` From our point of view , we had a winning case , '' Kniser said . `` We had invalidity contentions that were good . For that effort , we did n't want to pay them money . It did n't seem fair that they should be able to just walk away . ''
On a post to their personal blog detailing the victory against Wetro Lan , founder and CEO Eugene Kaspersky says their company has now defeated five claims from patent assertion entities , including the infamous claims from Lodsys , a much-maligned patent holder that sent demand letters to small app developers . Lodsys dropped its case against Kaspersky right before a trial .
While the company has spent plenty in legal fees , its total payout to so-called `` trolls '' has been $ 0 . Firms that engage in `` trolling '' know that companies often simply settle instead of dealing with the costs and pain of a court litigation .
`` Companies just pay the relatively small sum to the troll to shut it up so they can get back to work on something worthwhile , '' Kaspersky wrote in their blog post . `` However , in the long run , they 're on to a loser : once the troll gets a taste of the easy money—it comes back for more again and again . ''
Wetro Lan attorney Peter Corcoran did n't respond to a request for comment on the case .
After their driver 's license photos , it 's likely the second-largest shock for first-time visitors to Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles offices . `` Cash and checks only , '' the signs behind the counters long have proclaimed . That apparently will change , as the bureau plans to shed the long-time inconvenience .
After their driver�s license photos , it�s likely the second-largest shock for first-time visitors to Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles offices .
�Cash and checks only , � the signs behind the counters long have proclaimed .
That apparently will change , as the bureau plans to shed the long-time inconvenience .
Credit and debit cards will be accepted as payment for driver�s license and vehicle-registration renewals and other transactions at the 192 BMV deputy registrar offices by the end of next year .
State Rep. Anthony DeVitis , R-Green , introduced a bill on Sept. 2 to require the state agency�s deputy registrars to accept credit and debit cards , but they are not pressing for its passage .
�I don�t know if we will need legislation . The general consensus is that we�re going to do it . The state is moving on this , � they said .
The small-business man said the use of plastic payments at their company has jumped from 10 percent to 65 percent over the past decade .
DeVitis billed their proposal as a consumer convenience . �People just don�t pay with cash anymore . Everything�s electronic , � they said .
BMV spokesperson Lindsey Bohrer said the agency has been working for months with the office of Treasurer Josh Mandel to put the pieces in place to accept credit- and debit-card payments .
Before last year , government agencies were not permitted to pass along credit-card fees to consumers , making it cost-prohibitive to accept plastic for millions of transactions each year , they said .
While fees have not been set , those conducting BMV business with credit cards could be charged , for example , an extra $ 1.36 for a standard $ 54.50 vehicle registration and 60 cents on a $ 24.50 driver�s license charge .
Those fees are cheaper than the $ 2.50 to $ 3 fees charged for using so-called cashless ATMs in use at many deputy registrar offices . The machines directly deposit funds into the registrar�s account , and the customer then turns over the receipt for the transaction to obtain plate or license renewals .
Some offices also have cash-dispensing ATMs that are accompanied by similar , or higher , fees .
The agency also plans a �BMV in a Box� pilot project in which self-service terminals that dispense vehicle registrations and stickers will be placed at some retail locations in Cleveland , Columbus and Cincinnati beginning early next year .
�Our goal is to let people choose when and where they receive BMV services , � said Public Safety Director John Born .
rludlow @ dispatch.com
@ RandyLudlow
The Florida Panthers will have an old face in this year 's training camp .
Forward Brandon Pirri , who played 122 games with the Cats from 2014-16 , will attend training camp on a professional tryout , the team announced Tuesday .
Pirri 's played their best hockey in the Sunshine State - they potted a career-high 22 goals in 49 games during the 2014-15 season .
A second-round pick of the Chicago Blackhawks in 2009 , Pirri spent last season with the New York Rangers and struggled to find their groove , recording just 18 points in 60 games while averaging 12:17 minutes per night .
With a strong camp , it 's possible Pirri could earn a spot in Florida 's top-nine forward group and provide an offensive spark for a team that struggled in that department a year ago . The Panthers finished with the eighth-fewest goals in the league .
When Holy Grale and Gralehaus co-owner Lori Beck posted a GoFundMe proposal late Tuesday to raise money to turn the former KFC Eleven space at the corner of Baxter Avenue and Bardstown Road into a beer garden and public green space , they were hoping for an outpouring of support . But they did n't expect quite as much as they got .
As of 1 p.m. on Wednesday , Beck and co-owner Tyler Trotter 's pitch to raise $ 1.5 million — the asking price — to buy the property and turn it into a public green space had raised nearly $ 10,000 . As importantly , however , the concept — which Beck first floated in this Insider Louisville story in April — had coursed through social media and gained actual traction in the community , not just likes and shares on Facebook . The speed with which that happened surprised Beck , but it was exactly what they needed : Yum ! Brands , which owns the property , is entertaining proposals from potential buyers today , according to Beck .
So this morning , less than 15 hours after they launched the petition online , Beck submitted a proposal to TRIO , the firm handling the sale . They included 65 letters of support from neighbors and community members , a “ heartfelt letter ” from her , and ideas about how they would structure the financing going forward .
“ I do n't know if the proposal made it to the table today , ” Beck told IL Wednesday afternoon . “ I have n't heard from anyone , and I do n't know if I ever will . But maybe all this media attention will find its way there . ”
IL reached out to Justin Baker , a principal at TRIO , for comment , but they have not yet responded . It would be highly unusual for Baker or anyone involved with a potential deal to discuss the proposal process on the record .
It was back in April when Beck first mentioned the concept to return the corner — likely one of the most desirable pieces of commercial real estate in the Highlands — back to its use as Zehnder 's beer garden , though they got serious about the idea during the past couple weeks , after hearing a consistent refrain of support from customers and others in the community .
Per their proposal , the space would host concerts , cookouts , beer festivals , movie nights , and other public events . They have enlisted architect Ted Payne — who designed Copper & Kings in Butchertown — to advise , and they say if Yum ! acknowledges the proposal , they will form a committee of community leaders and urban planning professionals to flesh out the details . They envision an arrangement under which the community would own the space , whether through a nonprofit or neighborhood association .
Metro Councilman Tom Owen , who represents the Highlands , says they spoke with Beck recently about the proposal and supports it — as long as it is funded privately .
“ I think it 's a perfectly good and appropriate use and would welcome that , ” Owen says , adding that there is n't room in the city budget for an appropriation to support it .
Maggie Casaro , a former board member of the Original Highlands Neighborhood Association , told IL in April the neighborhood would support a public space there .
“ I would love to see it go back to an outdoor green space where neighbors and passersby can pause for a light bite from an outdoor grillmeister and a brew , ” they said at the time . “ Fire pits can accommodate the winter patrons . No smoking allowed . ”
Beck knows the fourth-quarter proposal is a longshot , and they say she 'll refund donors ' money if Yum ! dismisses it out of hand . Regardless , they hope the idea remains in the public spotlight , at least until the next time such an opportunity might arrive .
Many hangs on how the nine US supreme court justices rule later this year on the two same-sex marriage cases they 've heard this week , but if given the chance would Americans vote in favor of marriage equality ?
Would they have done so last year , or , more importantly , today ? I think the answer to all those questions is likely yes – but that differs from Nate Silver 's more equivocal judgment and what Chris Stirewalt believes .
Let 's start with the fact that the aggregate of all the same-sex marriage polling had support from about 50 % of the population and opposition from 43 % in 2012 . Since then , we 've seen about 1-2pt increase in the percentage favoring marriage . So , in order to believe that gay marriage would n't pass a nationwide referendum , you 'd have to think that this polling data is unrepresentative of an election 's results .
One reason you might believe that is because actual voters tend to be more conservative than adults at large . That 's why Obama was winning handily among all adults , but was in a tight race with Romney among likely voters . Is this gap apparent with regard to same-sex marriage ? As it turns out , not really .
On the eve of the 2012 election , Pew saw a minimal difference between how adults as a whole and likely voters viewed same-sex marriage . All adults were in favor of same-sex marriage , 49 % to 40 % , while likely voters were in favor by 49 % to 42 % .
The other argument against these national polls posits some sort of `` gay Bradley effect '' . That is , polls for same-sex marriage state ballot measures have had a tendency to underestimate voters who wanted to ban same-sex marriage . Some , like Stirewalt , argue that a social desirability bias makes people not want to admit voting against perceived civil rights .
Either way , Patrick Egan found that the anti-gay marriage side ( pdf ) did 7pt better than polls suggested , whiles the pro-gay marriage side did about as well . California 's Prop 8 , for instance , trailed in the polls before passing .
When I ran my own data back in 2009 , however , it was fairly clear that the `` gay Bradley effect '' was lessening over time . Polls taken closer to 2009 were more accurate than ones taken further back .
Since 2009 , there have been five same-sex marriage ballots with polling conducted within 10 days of the election . The 10 days are key because ballot wording can be very confusing , and voters only really tune into campaigns in the final weeks . Gregory Lewis and Charles Gossett showed that confusing ballot wording is a likely part of the reason why polling on Prop 8 was inaccurate .
When we look at the ballot measures polls taken within 10 days of the elections , from 2009 onward , the pro same-sex marriage side did n't suffer anywhere close to the 7pt penalty that Egan had discovered . Maine 's 2009 Question 1 had one poll taken within 10 days of the election . Public Policy Polling ( pdf ) ( PPP ) had voters `` vetoing '' same-sex marriage by a 4pt margin , and it was vetoed by a 6pt margin . That 's only a difference of 2pt , not 7pt .
North Carolina 's May 2012 Amendment 1 had two polls taken within 10 days of the election . An average of PPP 's and SurveyUSA 's polls , with undecideds allocated proportionally to decided voters , had North Carolinians banning gay marriage by a 19pt margin . They ended up banning it by a 22pt margin , a difference of 3pt .
Maine 's November 2012 Question 1 had three polls taken within 10 days of the election . The median result of the polls from Critical Insights , Maine 's People Resource Center and PPP had voters approving of same-sex marriage by 7.2pt . It passed by 5.4pt . A difference of a little less than 2pt .
Minnesota 's Amendment 1 had three polls taken within 10 days of the election . The median result of two SurveyUSA polls and PPP 's survey , which allocated undecideds , had the amendment to ban same-sex marriage failing by 1pt . The actual voters were against the amendment by 3.8pt . In this case , the polls overstated those favoring the ban by about 3pt .
Finally , Washington 's Referendum 74 had two relevant polls . The average result of the PPP and SurveyUSA , with undecideds allocated , had same-sex marriage passing by 10pt . It passed by 7.4pt , for a difference of 2.6pt .
In four of the five instances , the opposition to the same-sex marriage side did better than polling predicted – but that difference was not particularly significant ; certainly not of the order of 7pt , as previously found . The largest difference was just 3pt , and the median error in margin was only 2pt .
Applying this 2pt penalty to the 7pt edge that the pro-same-sex marriage crowd had over the opposition in 2012 national polling still gives the pro side a 5pt edge . If we apply an additional 2pt penalty ( see Pew above ) , because most national polls question adults , and not likely voters , the pro same-sex marriage side still had a 3pt edge going into the 2012 election . Already , now , that lead would be closer to 4-5pt .
We can check my work by looking at the 2012 national exit polls . These polls are weighted to the actual results of the November elections . Voters cast their ballots anonymously , away from any interviewers , and drop their ballots in a box . There 's no reason to think voters would fear giving an `` undesirable '' answer , as nobody 's around to judge .
The exit poll asked : `` Should your state legally recognize same-sex marriage ? '' `` Yes '' beat `` no '' by the exact 3pt that our adjustment of national surveys would suggest . The fact that the exit polls and national polls matched up makes me even more confident in the finding .
So , yes , I think Americans would have voted in favor of same-sex marriage , had they been given the opportunity in 2012-13 . The national polls may be overstating support right now , but any error is not enough to erase the majority in favor of gay marriage .
In the end , though , I do n't think there 's much disagreement about the road going forward . Same-sex marriage support is increasing every day . A national same-sex marriage ballot measure would likely win by a huge margin in 2016 . The tide has turned . It 's tough to imagine it receding .
The Waves blockchain platform is launching its decentralised exchange ( DEX ) today . The developers explain that DEX is designed to avoid the problems that plagued earlier decentralised exchanges and prevented them from gaining a critical mass of users .
Waves ' DEX offers asset-to-asset trading as well as crypto and fiat tokens integration . It promises to operate very quickly as trades will be executed on the matching engine , while still being settled on the blockchain . The interface will be similar to the centralized bitcoin exchanges that are most popular in the cryptocurrency world .
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article > >
The Matcher enables decentralised cryptocurrency trading in near real-time , according to the developers . Matcher nodes pair buyers and sellers , executing trades instantly whilst still ensuring that these are ultimately settled on the blockchain . Matchers will receive fees for the service they provide , adding another revenue stream for Waves full nodes .
At the same time , Leased Proof-of-Stake ( LPoS ) is being released , allowing anyone to lease their mining power to a full node and receive rewards while increasing network security . Ordinary users will be able to lease their mining power and receive rewards from the fees from transactions that the node processes – yet the holder maintains full control over their funds , and can cancel the lease at any time .
“ The release of DEX and LPoS signal that the Waves platform is open for business . Whilst we have many more developments in the pipeline , the existing functionality allows anyone to launch , transfer and trade digital tokens – making the benefits of blockchain technology freely accessible to a wide range of enterprises and individuals , ” commented Sasha Ivanov , founder and CEO of Waves .
Kentucky 's state Senate has approved a bill that creates different marriage license forms for gay and straight couples , with one Republican senator saying a form that does not include the words `` bride '' and `` groom '' is offensive to traditional families .
The Senate voted 30-8 on the bill that also removes the names of county clerks from marriage license forms . The bill is in response to Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis ' refusal to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples because the licenses contained their name . Davis spent five days in jail for refusing to obey a federal court order .
Democratic Sen. Morgan McGarvey attempted to amend the bill so the state would only have one form . They said having just one form would save money and would treat everyone equally .
RUSTON , La . -- Brandon Gibson grabbed the offensive rebound with a few seconds left in the first half , wheeled toward the basket and put up an awkward running 10-footer between two defenders as time expired .
Somehow , it went in . Of course it did . On this night , nearly all of Louisiana Tech 's shots did .
Playing as a nationally ranked team for the first time since Karl Malone was a college superstar in 1985 , No . 25 Louisiana Tech cruised past Utah State for an 84-61 victory Thursday night , its 17th straight win to stay undefeated in the Western Athletic Conference .
`` On nights we make shots to complement our ability to defend -- we 're pretty good , '' Louisiana Tech coach Michael White said . `` And that happened tonight at a level that we have n't done all year . ''
Gibson scored 20 points and Raheem Appleby added 15 as Louisiana Tech shot 31 of 62 ( 50 percent ) from the field , including 11 of 21 ( 52.4 percent ) from 3-point range .
The Bulldogs ( 25-3 , 15-0 WAC ) never left anything in doubt , taking a 15-2 lead in the opening minutes on the way to a 49-23 halftime advantage . It was a surprisingly lopsided game considering Louisiana Tech barely beat Utah State ( 19-8 , 9-6 ) 51-48 in Logan , Utah , on Jan. 26 .
Louisiana Tech used its constant full-court press and deep bench to frustrate the Aggies . The Bulldogs have n't lost in over two months .
Utah State 's normally demonstrative coach Stew Morrill did n't even have the chance to get upset about this one .
`` Tech played great -- the game was over early , '' Morrill said . `` They established the ground rules by just dominating us early and we were never really in the game . It was a thorough butt-kicking . They 're playing really well . ''
Jarred Shaw and Ben Clifford both scored 14 points for Utah State . TeNale Roland added 12 points and seven rebounds .
Gibson made 8 of 11 shots from the field , including 4 of 5 from 3-point range , to lead a potent Louisiana Tech bench . The Bulldogs ' bench outscored the starters 49-35 .
`` We 're doing something special , '' said Gibson , one of two seniors on the team . `` Trying to make history . We want to be able to look back at this year and say 'We did this ' and 'We did that . ' If we take it one day at a time , we 'll be OK . ''
Louisiana Tech jumped into the Top 25 on Monday for the first time in nearly 28 years . The Bulldogs enjoyed a 13-week run in the national rankings while Malone -- the former Utah Jazz star and member of the Naismith Memorial Hall of Fame -- was dominating the Southland Conference on the way to a run to the NCAA round of 16 during 1984-85 .
Utah State was Louisiana Tech 's first Division I opponent in nearly two weeks and the Bulldogs looked fresh , using their full-court press to frustrate the Aggies early . A few turnovers were all the Bulldogs needed to build an early advantage -- especially since almost all of their shots were falling .
Louisiana Tech shot 20 of 35 ( 57.9 percent ) in the first half . Gibson led the Bulldogs with 12 points off the bench .
Appleby said the national ranking did n't change their team 's focus .
`` Going undefeated in conference , we 've been the hunted all season , '' Appleby said . `` The target might have become a little bigger , but it did n't change the way we approached our game . ''
The Aggies have lost two of three .
Louisiana Tech ranks fifth in the nation in turnover margin and forced 15 turnovers Thursday while committing six .
Utah State has managed a decent season despite rampant injuries . The Aggies came into the season with three returning starters -- Danny Berger , Preston Medlin and Kyisean Reed -- but none of them played Thursday because of various medical issues .
Without them , the Aggies were simply outmanned . They shot just 20 of 56 ( 35.7 percent ) from the field , including 3 of 16 ( 18.8 percent ) from 3-point range .
Core Java has long been recognized as the leading , no-nonsense tutorial and reference for experienced programmers who want to write robust Java code for real-world applications . Now , Cay Horstmann has updated Core Java , Volume II -- Advanced Features , Eleventh Edition for Java 11 , with up-to-date coverage of advanced UI and enterprise programming , networking , security , and Java 's powerful new module system .
Get to Know the Google Daydream VR Controller Everything you need to know about programming with the Google Daydream controller : from tapping into the various sensors , to using the event system to grab and toss objects in 3D space .
Lean-Agile Mindset Learn how to change and instill new habits into your culture by and adopting a `` Lean-Agile mindset '' .
How to Access the Linux Command Line in Ubuntu The most common and easiest ways to access the Linux command line .
What is a SQL Query ? Learn what a SQL Query is and the fundamentals of the SQL SELECT statement , which is used to query the database for useful information .
How to Specify a Default Drive to Install Windows 10 Apps Follow these steps to specify a different app install default drive in Windows 10 .
See All Chapters and Articles
Texas Education Agency
Candidates for certification to teach in public schools in Texas are being told that they will be held accountable for any “ heterosexist ” leanings and must become agents working to change society , according to one candidate who was alarmed by the demands .
The applicant , who requested anonymity for fear of repercussions , told WND part of the teachings on multiculturalism required them to read several online postings about the issue inside the education industry .
One warns that “ teachers and administrators must be held accountable for practices deemed to be racist , sexist , heterosexist , classist , or in any other way discriminatory. ” And a second warned that educators must not define education as the basic skills .
“ How do we create a better world ? How do we do more than simply survive ? As educators , we must help people to become committed to social change , ” the article demanded .
The teacher candidate told WND the studies were mandated by the Region 10 service center for the public school educators ' program .
The center had a recording that it was closed throughout the holidays and officials could not be reached by WND .
But spokesperson Debbie Ratcliffe at the Texas Education Agency said the state rules require teacher preparation programs to cover 17 curriculum topics , but not multiculturalism .
The corrupt state of U.S. colleges exposed , now at the WND Superstore !
“ Although the training should address educating special populations such as English language learners and children with disabilities , ” they added .
“ While we establish the broad rules that are to be followed , we do not write or approve a training program 's curriculum , ” they said .
They said the articles , if part of the program , were chosen at the region level .
One of the articles was on the EdChange Multicultural Pavilion and discussed defining “ multicultural education . ”
There it states that there are several focuses for such programs , including those that insist “ on education change as part of a larger societal transformation in which we more closely explore and criticize the oppressive foundations of society and how education serves to maintain the status quo – foundations such as white supremacy , capitalism , global socioeconomic situations , and exploitation . ”
The article demands , “ Schools must be active participants in ending oppression of all types , first by ending oppression within their own walls , then by producing socially and critically active and aware students . ”
“ The underlying goal of multicultural education is to affect social change . The pathway toward this goal incorporates three strands of transformation : 1 . The transformation of self ; 2 . The transformation of schools and schooling ; and 3 . The transformation of society , ” the teaching material said .
The traditional teaching approaches , it continued , “ must be deconstructed to examine how they are contributing to and supporting institutional systems of oppression . ”
It demands that the “ transformation of society ” be part of a school 's goals .
“ It is not enough to continue working within an ailing , oppressive , and outdated system to make changes , when the problems in education are themselves symptoms of a system that continues to be controlled by the economic elite . ”
A second article that was assigned to the student , the candidate told WND , was “ Multicultural Education and Developmental Education : A Conversation About Principles and Connections with James A. Banks , ” and included the same concepts of change .
“ In the Pedagogy of the Oppressed [ the author ] says that we must teach students to read the word , which is basic skills , but we also must teach them to read the world , and that is to critique and change society , ” the article said .
“ One of the things that is happening in this assessment mania that is going on is that we 've defined education too narrowly . We 've defined it as only basic skills : reading , writing , and arithmetic . We 're missing that the biggest problem of humankind is not basic skills but how to get along . How do we create a better world ? How do we do more than simply survive ? As educators , we must help people to become committed to social change , ” it stated .
The article also warned instructors must lead their students in a specific social direction .
“ I think it is essential that students acquire basic skills and I do n't think they 're neutral . The skills are as value laden as the commitments we want students to share . Although it 's essential that students acquire basic skills , this alone is clearly not sufficient for them to become effective citizens in a global society . They must also develop the commitment and ability to critique and change society , ” the article said .
A similar issue of demanding a specific social perspective arose recently at the University of Minnesota .
Officials at the school there backed off a proposal after publicity about its planned requirements to examine teacher candidates about “ white privilege ” as well as provide “ remedial re-education ” for those who hold the “ wrong ” views .
That case was taken up by the the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education , which promotes civil liberties on the campuses of America 's colleges and universities .
FIRE officer Adam Kissel said the report from the Race , Culture , Class , and Gender Task Group apparently would involve screening teacher applicants for “ wrong ” views and withholding their degrees if “ the university 's political re-education efforts proved ineffective . ”
By any “ nontotalitarian ” standards , they wrote , the plans being made so far by the school are “ severely unjust and impermissibly intrude into matters of individual conscience . ”
In Minnesota , among the issues discussed in the plans , are requirements that teachers would be able to instruct students on the “ myth of meritocracy ” in the United States , “ the history of demands for assimilation to white , middle-class , Christian meanings and values , ” and the “ history of white racism . ”
Those demands appeared to be similar to those promoted earlier at the University of Delaware .
As WND reported , the Delaware university 's office of residential life was caught requiring students to participate in a program that taught “ all whites are racist . ”
School officials immediately defended the teaching , but in the face of a backlash from alumni and publicity about its work , the school decided to drop the curriculum , although some factions later suggested its revival .
FIRE , which challenged the Delaware plan , later produced a video explaining how the institution of the university pushed for the teachings , was caught and later backed off :
Minneapolis Star-Tribune columnist Katherine Kersten said the Minnesota plan would have required teachers to “ embrace – and be prepared to teach our state 's kids – the task force 's own vision of America as an oppressive hellhole : racist , sexist and homophobic . ”
They wrote , “ The first step toward ‘ cultural competence , ' says the task group , is for future teachers to recognize – and confess – their own bigotry . Anyone familiar with the re-education camps of China 's Cultural Revolution will recognize the modus operandi .
“ What if some aspiring teachers resist this effort at thought control and object to parroting back an ideological line as a condition of future employment ? ” they posed . “ The task group has Orwellian plans for such rebels : The U , it says , must ‘ develop clear steps and procedures for working with nonperforming students , including a remediation plan . ' ”
Special offers :
The corrupt state of U.S. colleges exposed
“ The Marketing of Evil ” by David Kupelian is available now . Get your copy autographed and personalized ( at no extra charge ) – only from Shop.WND.com !
“ Fish out of Water ”
Is free speech ‘ dead on arrival ' ? How our broken national dialogue has killed truth and punished those who step out of line
“ Christianity and the American Commonwealth ”
403 Forbidden
403 Forbidden
BIRMINGHAM , Alabama -- The battle over Birmingham schools continues this morning with reports that the locks have been changed on the office doors for Superintendent Craig Witherspoon .
Also , the access badges for all members of the state intervention team , headed in Birmingham by former state Superintendent Ed Richardson , were disabled this morning , Richardson said . The team began working today out of the Tutwiler Hotel , but members now have been allowed back into the central office building .
The school board voted 5-3 to end the superintendent 's contract in a meeting Tuesday evening . The board also appointed Samuetta Drew , chief operations officer , as interim superintendent . They are reportedly parked in the superintendent 's parking spot this morning .
State school Superintendent Tommy Bice overturned the board 's vote ; the Birmingham school system is under state intervention and can not make major decisions that are not approved by the state .
Drew said this morning that the disabling of state officials ' access badges was a mistake . Some members of the intervention team have returned to the central office building this morning , but Richardson has left for Montgomery to meet with attorneys there .
Richardson tried to object Tuesday to the board 's vote , but Board President Edward Maddox told them they were out of order and threatened to call security if Richardson did not take their seat .
The vote to fire Witherspoon came during a meeting where the board was to discuss the state 's plan for cutting its budget by more than $ 12 million in an effort to start building a $ 17 million reserve fund , required by the state . School districts are required to keep a reserve fund equal to one month 's operating expenses ; Birmingham has about $ 2 million of the $ 17 million required . The board never considered the financial plan , and abruptly ended the meeting during Richardson 's presentation of the plan to the board .
The financial plan eliminates about 200 positions , either through layoffs or demotions . Leaders with the Alabama Education Association and the American Federation of Teachers say the plan takes aim at low-level employees who directly impact the classroom , while keeping in place dozens of highly paid administrators .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - At least five people were killed in four apparently unrelated shooting incidents around Boston , police said on Thursday , provoking outrage from the city 's mayor who said the violence “ has to stop . ”
Three of the deaths occurred in two apparently gang-related shootings in Boston late Wednesday - a man in the city 's Mattapan neighborhood and two men in the Roxbury section , about 3 miles away , according to the Boston Police Department . The victims , whose identities were not released , were in their 20s , police said .
Three people were wounded in those shootings .
The Boston victims appeared to have been targeted by their killers , said Boston Police Officer Rachel McGuire , noting , “ They do n't appear to be random . ”
As of Sunday , some 151 shootings had been reported in Boston this year , a 25 percent increase from the same period last year . Even with the new shootings , Boston has seen fewer homicides this year , with 20 reported so far in 2015 compared with 35 for the same period in 2013 , police said on Thursday .
“ I am extremely saddened and disturbed by the violence that took place overnight in our community ; this has to stop , ” Boston Mayor Marty Walsh said in a statement . “ It is my utmost priority to ensure the safety of our residents . ”
Two other fatal shootings occurred in the neighboring cities , local police confirmed . A person was shot and killed in Cambridge late Wednesday and a 21-year-old woman was fatally shot outside an Everett restaurant early on Thursday .
Everett Police Lieutenant Frank Hoening said of that shooting , “ apparently the victim was an unintended target . ”
Hoening said the four incidents apparently were unrelated .
The American Civil Liberties Union , taking a tougher stance on armed protests , will no longer defend hate groups seeking to march with firearms , the group 's executive director said .
Following clashes over the weekend in Charlottesville , Va. , the civil-rights group also will screen clients more closely for the potential of violence at their rallies , said Anthony Romero , who has been the ACLU 's executive director since 2001 .
The ACLU 's Virginia branch defended the right of white nationalists , neo-Nazis and other groups under the banner “ Unite the Right ” to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville park .
“ The events of Charlottesville require any judge , any police chief and any legal group to look at the facts of any white-supremacy protests with a much finer comb , ” said Mr. Romero .
The revised policy marries the 97-year-old civil-rights group 's First Amendment work with the organization 's stance on firearms , which aligns with many municipalities and states that bar protesters from carrying weapons .
Advertisement
“ If a protest group insists , ‘ No , we want to be able to carry loaded firearms , ' well , we do n't have to represent them . They can find someone else , ” Mr. Romero said , adding that the decision was in keeping with a 2015 policy adopted by the ACLU 's national board in support of “ reasonable ” firearm regulation .
Mr. Romero said the ACLU would continue to deal with requests by white-supremacist groups and others for legal help on a case-by-case basis . “ It 's neither a blanket no nor a blanket yes , ” they said .
Top officials at ACLU branches in California echoed Mr. Romero 's comments in a statement posted online Wednesday . “ If white supremacists march into our towns armed to the teeth and with the intent to harm people , they are not engaging in activity protected by the United States Constitution , ” they said .
The move is likely to temper the criticism from members who blame the ACLU in part for clashes between white supremacists protesting the removal of a Confederate statue and counterprotesters .
Susan Bro , mother of Charlottesville , Va. , victim Heather Heyer , gave a passionate speech at their daughter 's memorial on Wednesday , where they made a call to action , telling the audience “ if you 're not outraged , you 're not paying attention. ” Photo : Fox
For decades , the ACLU has defended white supremacists and other hate groups against government efforts to curb their speech , driven by the belief that carve-outs to the First Amendment weaken its protections for everyone .
Advertisement
The organization persuaded Illinois courts in 1978 that the First Amendment protected the right of the neo-Nazis to march in full uniform with swastika armbands in a Chicago suburb that was home to thousands of Holocaust survivors .
Last week , the ACLU 's Virginia branch helped organizers of the “ Unite the Right ” protest secure a permit to assemble in a Charlottesville park where the Confederate statue has been since 1924 .
City officials had sought to move the protest a mile away from the park , saying it was too small to accommodate the anticipated crowds . ACLU lawyers , representing organizer Jason Kessler , successfully argued in federal court that the city 's decision to revoke the permit for the protest at the park was based on Mr. Kessler 's “ highly controversial ” views rather than concerns for safety .
After an Ohio man who allegedly had expressed sympathy for Nazis barreled through a crowd , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer and injuring 19 others , the ACLU was criticized on social media and elsewhere .
Advertisement
“ The @ ACLU helped enable the events in Charlottesville this weekend , ” read one tweet . A member of the ACLU of Virginia 's board resigned , saying in a tweet that they would n't “ be a fig leaf for Nazis . ”
Some demonstrators openly carried firearms , which is allowed in Virginia , but no one was injured by them . Still , Mr. Romero explained that the displays of force can suppress speech through intimidation .
The federal courts are currently split on whether the Second Amendment guarantees a right to carry outside the home . Eugene Volokh , a law professor at University of California , Los Angeles , said federal judges may deem protest areas to be sensitive places , like schools , where the U.S. Supreme Court has said governments can impose firearm restrictions .
In recent decades , the ACLU has repeatedly defended the right of the Ku Klux Klan to burn crosses , wear hoods and distribute fliers . In 2010 , the civil-rights group filed a brief in support of a Kansas church 's right to picket military funerals .
Advertisement
But a new generation of ACLU members and donors , who surged to the group after the election of President Donald Trump , know the group primarily as a champion of causes typically aligned with the left , like pressing for greater immigrant and LGBT rights , and reducing criminal penalties .
Since the election , the ACLU 's membership has nearly quadrupled to 1.6 million and the group has received $ 83 million in online donations , said Stacy Sullivan , an ACLU spokesperson .
In November , the ACLU solicited donations on its home page with a picture of the then president-elect and the words , “ We 'll see you in court . ”
Since Mr. Trump has taken office , the organization has fought the president in court over their administration 's bans on travel and refugees , sanctuary cities and other issues .
Judy Kutulas , a professor of history and American studies at St. Olaf College in Northfield , Minn. , and the author of “ The American Civil Liberties Union and the Making of Modern Liberalism , ” said much of the backlash against the ACLU stems from a lack of understanding about the group 's historical mission .
“ I think it 's just a misunderstanding of what the ACLU does , ” they said .
Still , the ACLU 's choice of clients and positions have led to recurring fractures within the organization over the years , Ms. Kutulas said .
The ACLU 's defense of pro-fascist groups during World War II created a rift on the organization 's board , and the group 's support for relaxing campaign-finance restrictions in the 2010 Supreme Court case Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission ruffled staff .
About 30,000 members left the ACLU in the late 1970s , after the Illinois branch represented a neo-Nazi group that sought to march through the Chicago suburb of Skokie , home to thousands of survivors of the Holocaust , according to a history of the case by Philippa Strum , a fellow at the nonpartisan Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington .
“ It turned out to be a huge surprise to many people who support the ACLU who thought of us as another liberal do-gooder organization , ” said Chris Hansen , a former senior staff counsel who retired from the ACLU in 2012 after nearly four decades .
Write to Joe Palazzolo at joe.palazzolo @ wsj.com
Sony Corp 's Bravia 84-inch 4K televisions are displayed at CEATEC JAPAN 2012 electronics show in Chiba , east of Tokyo , October 2 , 2012 . - Reuters Photo
TOKYO , Fri Feb 1 , 2013 - Sony Corp will this month host its first major Playstation meeting in two years , sparking a flare-up in online speculation the Japanese consumer electronics giant is preparing to unveil the successor to its 70 million-selling PS3 games console .
Sony declined to say whether it would release a new product at the meeting in New York on February 20 . `` We will be talking about the Playstation business , '' spokesperson Masaki Tsukakoshi said on Friday . A Google search for `` Sony Feb 20 Playstation '' returned more than 7 million hits .
The last time Sony held a Playstation event , in January 2011 , it presented a protoype of its handheld Vita console . Before that , it convened a gathering in 2005 two months after it first demonstrated the PS3 concept . A meeting in 1999 revealed designs for the PS2 .
It has been more than six years since Sony launched the PS3 home console , a longer gap than between it and its PS2 predecessor , adding to the anticipation that it will soon disclose its next gaming concept .
Since Sony 's last home console launch , the games market has been transformed by the boom in smartphones and tablet computers that have wooed players with free or cheap games .
Sony and other console makers Nintendo Co Ltd and Microsoft Corp now have to contend with competition from hand-held devices made by Apple Inc , Samsung Electronics and others .
Analysts expect that tablets and other mobile devices will match the power and graphics of today 's games consoles within a few years .
Struggling under competitive pressure , Nintendo on Wednesday cut its sales target for the Wii U , successor to its 100 million-selling Wii , to 4 million machines by the end of March from its launch in November , compared with an earlier forecast for 5.5 million .
Here 's a conundrum faced by everyone who wants the world 's forests to be preserved . When you pick up a bottle of shampoo or a takeaway meal , how can you make a choice that is n't going to spur deforestation ? We know growing palm oil , to take one much-used example , can and does lead to rainforest devastation , but any information linking that with the chocolate or toothpaste on a supermarket shelf ( both of which often contain palm oil or its derivatives ) seems so opaque , the supply chains so endless and twisting .
Turns out the company selling and even making that product probably does n't know either . According to a report released today by CDP , a UK-based non-governmental organization that promotes corporate transparency on climate-related risks , only 30 % of manufacturers and retailers that reported on their deforestation risks could pinpoint where their supply chains began .
CDP has been asking companies to answer questions on their links to forest destruction , and what they 're trying to do about it , since 2009 . This year , in part thanks to pressure from shareholders which CDP says represent $ 22 trillion in worth , more companies than ever disclosed data : 200 from a cohort assessed to be the “ largest and most impactful ” when it comes to deforestation globally , and including brands like Starbucks , Nestlé , and MacDonald 's .
Overall , though , the response rate was just 21 % , CDP said , leaving massive gaps in knowledge about what forests are being destroyed by whom .
The problem is one of complexity .
“ We 're talking about supply chains that are really vast , ” said Katie McCoy , head of forests at CDP . The big deforestation products are cattle , palm oil , soy , and timber . If you think about a hamburger , McCoy explained , there 's palm oil in the bun , beef in the patty , and soy used for animal feed . The box it comes in was once part of a tree . ” Even in one product or one meal you 've got multiple commodities , and each one of those will have had a very vast and global , complex supply chain , ” they said .
Even when a product is technically traceable to a source country or region , McCoy said , the problem is n't solved , because without being on the ground or having absolute trust in every link of the chain , a company ca n't know exactly how a soy crop is produced or a tract of land cleared for grazing .
Companies , though , also have vast resources and , arguably a responsibility to consumers at least to know what impact their business has .
Some are certainly trying to master the problem . Unilever , a consumer good giant that produces a host of well-known brands , is mentioned in CDP 's report as taking seriously the threat to its portfolio posed by forest loss and resultant damage to environments , habitats , and people . The company has said it will try to source commodities from areas with strong programs of forest preservation .
Deforestation accounts for about 15 % of greenhouse-gas emissions globally , and stopping it is high up on the agenda for trying to prevent catastrophic climate change .
So what about people buying moisturizer or bread—how do we make better choices ? McCoy says that some of that work is being done by supermarkets ( she specifically mentioned Marks & Spencer in the UK , but UK chains Tesco and Sainsbury 's also disclosed to CDP ) , demanding better sourcing from their suppliers .
People can also take a look at the list of the companies that failed to disclose any information at all . They 're on pages 39-46 of this report .
China Plans More Than 20 Space Launches in 2016
by Tomasz Nowakowski for Astro Watch
Los Angeles CA ( SPX ) Jan 13 , 2016
This year will see maiden flights of the next-generation Long March 5 and Long March 7 rockets . Long March 5 is 198 feet ( 60.5 meters ) tall heavy lift launch vehicle designed to be able to deliver up to 25 tons of payload to the low Earth orbit ( LEO ) and up to 14 tons to the geostationary transfer orbit ( GTO ) .
China has announced its busy 2016 launch manifest , with more than 20 missions scheduled for this year . The country that conducted 19 successful space flights in 2015 , intends to launch its Tiangong 2 space laboratory and a manned spacecraft Shenzhou 11 , among other military and commercial orbital missions .
The first Chinese launch this year will be carried out on Jan. 15 , when a Long March 3B rocket will blastoff the Belintersat 1 communications satellite for Belarus . Liftoff will take place from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center , located in Sichuan Province . The spacecraft was built by the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation and is China 's first communications satellite exported to Europe .
On Apr . 30 , the country plans to deliver two Argentinian Earth-observing satellites , named NuSat-1 and NuSat-2 for the Aleph-1 constellation . A Long March 4B booster will be employed for this mission slated to be launched from the Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center in Shanxi Province .
Only these two launch dates were disclosed by Chinese media so far . Other launches are targeted for certain months or halves of the year with exact dates TBD . Several missions are still unassigned to any specific period of the year .
The most important and apparently attention-grabbing Chinese orbital mission in 2016 will be sending a trio of astronauts into space . The crew will fly onboard the Shenzhou 11 spacecraft , expected to be launched by a Long March 2F - a carrier rocket designed for manned missions . Liftoff will be conducted from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre in Gansu Province in the second half of the year . China has n't yet released any information about the crew of this flight .
Shenzhou 11 will dock with the space laboratory Tiangong 2 that will be launched in the first half of 2016 , also by the Long March 2F booster and from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre . Along with Tiangong 2 , a small Banxing-2 satellite , probably a technology demonstrator , will piggy back on the mission .
This year will see maiden flights of the next-generation Long March 5 and Long March 7 rockets . Long March 5 is 198 feet ( 60.5 meters ) tall heavy lift launch vehicle designed to be able to deliver up to 25 tons of payload to the low Earth orbit ( LEO ) and up to 14 tons to the geostationary transfer orbit ( GTO ) .
Weighing approximately 643 tons , it will be the heaviest and most technologically challenging member of the Long March rocket family . China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology is carrying out final tests of this booster to prepare it for its first flight scheduled for September .
The 174.2 feet ( 53 meters ) tall Long March 7 is a medium-heavy launch vehicle with a mass of 594 tons . It will be capable of launching nearly 13.5 tons into LEO and about 5.5 tons into a sun-synchronous orbit ( SSO ) . Although , this booster is designed to deliver satellites into space , its structure is based on Long March 2F rocket employed for manned missions . The date of first Long March flight has n't been disclosed yet .
China will also launch this year two satellites for its homegrown Beidou Navigation Satellite System and three Gaofen spacecraft for its High-Resolution Earth Observation System . One of the Beidou launches is planned for February . Other dates are currently unknown for the public .
Among other noticeable Chinese missions to be conducted in 2016 are : Chinese Carbon Dioxide Observation Satellite Mission or TanSa and Quantum Science Satellite ( QSS ) . These two scientific satellites will be probably launched in July .
2016 will see the launch of China 's Hard X-ray Modulation Telescope ( HXMT ) . It is an x-ray space observatory designed to explore the fundamental physics processes in the very early universe or in the proximity of black hole horizons .
The busy launch schedule will include also several missions for Chinese army . However due to their military nature , no information is currently available about these flights .
With the launches of Shenzhou and Tiangong , this year could be the stepping stone for China towards establishing its own space station . The launch of the core module of this space station is planned for 2018 to test related technologies and to research engineering issues . The station could become fully operational around 2022
Getty Images
On the surface , it seemed as if there were no issues with communications systems during Sunday 's 13 Week One games . Primarily because no coaches indicated without indicating concerns about the hardware at any specific stadium .
Despite the absence of NFL head coaches calling out other teams during press conferences or otherwise , problems indeed arose on Sunday .
“ There were several communications issues yesterday as normal , ” a league spokesperson told PFT on Monday . “ We are following up with the clubs . ”
Communications problems are common . So common that it 's hard not to wonder whether the NFL does n't simply get rid of the communications systems entirely — or at least bring back the hard-wired system as a backup to the fluky wireless devices .
Regardless , no specific team has a monopoly on these issues , and the NFL remains in charge of all in-stadium communications systems . Absent evidence that these issues are specific to one venue and/or that there is any reason to suspect foul play , the happenstance needs to stay in the “ sh-t happens ” category .
Except when it provides a convenient diversion to the inexplicable failure to even attempt to cover one of the best tight ends the game has ever seen .
WASHINGTON -- The Senate passed legislation Tuesday that would allow families of Sept. 11 victims to sue the government of Saudi Arabia despite a White House veto threat and fierce objections from the U.S. ally .
The Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act , approved by voice vote , had triggered a threat from Riyadh to pull billions of dollars from the U.S. economy if the bill is enacted .
The legislation , sponsored by Sens . John Cornyn , R-Texas , and Chuck Schumer , D-N.Y. , gives victims ' families the right to sue in U.S. court for any role that elements of the Saudi government may have played in the 2001 attacks that killed thousands in New York , the Washington , D.C. area and Pennsylvania .
Obama being pushed to allow 9/11 families to sue Saudis
Relatives of Sept. 11 victims have urged the Obama administration to declassify and release U.S. intelligence that allegedly discusses possible Saudi involvement in the attacks .
Passage of the bill sends the message that the United States `` will combat terrorism with every tool we have available , and that the victims of terrorist attacks in our country should have every means at their disposal to seek justice , '' Cornyn said .
Schumer said that any foreign government that aids terrorists who strike the U.S. `` will pay a price if it is proven they have done so . ''
Senate Democrats had firmly supported the legislation , putting them at odds with the Obama administration . The White House has said the bill could expose Americans overseas to legal risks .
Schumer was confident the Senate had the 67 votes to override a presidential veto .
`` We do n't think their arguments stand up , '' the New York lawmaker told reporters at a news conference after the Senate action .
Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-S.C. , the chairperson of the Senate subcommittee that controls foreign aid , had blocked the bill from moving to the Senate floor until changes were made to ensure the legislation did n't backfire on the United States .
Graham 's apprehension was rooted in the possibility a foreign country could sue the United States if the door is opened for U.S. citizens to take the Saudis to court . Graham released their hold earlier this month , clearing the way for Senate action .
Sen. John McCain , R-Ariz. , the chairperson of the Armed Services Committee , also had warned that the legislation , if passed , would alienate Saudi Arabia and undermine a longstanding yet strained relationship with a critical U.S. ally in the Middle East .
Saudi Arabia - a key U.S. ally - has threatened to retaliate financially if the bill becomes law and administration officials have been lobbying to kill the legislation , but that has made many 9/11 families very angry , CBS News correspondent Chip Reid has reported .
`` I 'm completely outraged , '' said Loria Van Auken , who is among those convinced that the 9/11 hijackers were helped by Saudi agents . Them husband Kenneth worked on the 105th floor of the World Trade Center 's North Tower .
For years , Van Auken and other 9/11 families have tried to hold the Saudi government accountable in federal court . But because foreign governments are immune from suits in the U.S. , their efforts have so far failed .
`` If someone you loved was murdered and the person was just able to go away Scott free , would you be okay with that ? I do n't think anybody would , '' Van Auken said .
LDS Church leaders reported new success Monday establishing contact with missionaries cut off from communication by the deadly and destructive super typhoon that ravaged the Philippines on Friday night .
All but 24 missionaries had been contacted as of 10:45 a.m. MST . All of those missionaries are from the Philippines Tacloban Mission . Tacloban was particularly hard hit by Typhoon Haiyan — the British paper The Guardian described the capital of the Leyte province as `` obliterated '' while Euronews said it had been `` flattened '' — and communication is sparse . Only a small percentage of cell sites or towers are working .
The advance warning for the storm provided time for the church to move missionaries to areas with adequate shelter . Church leaders previously reported that all the missionaries in the Tacloban mission had been moved outside of the city into safer areas . Each missionary also had been provided a 72-hour kit ahead of the storm .
All of the missionaries in the church 's 20 other Filipino missions are safe .
`` Church representatives are doing everything possible to contact missionaries and have been providing updates to family members of missionaries regarding their status as soon as they become available , '' said a statement posted today in the newsroom section of the official website of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . `` Local church leaders continue to determine the safety and well-being of church members in the impacted areas and to seek out ways to assist others affected by the typhoon . ''
The church had last updated its website at 11 p.m. on Sunday , with a statement from Elder W. Craig Zwick , an executive director in the Church 's Missionary Department , who reported that , `` Church leaders continue to make contact with missionaries throughout the Tacloban Mission in the Philippines , and all those we have been able to reach are safe . We anticipate that as we continue to re-establish communication , the remaining missionaries will be located and found well . We unite our faith and prayers with others in behalf of the people of the Philippines . ''
The church dispatched a `` Welfare Department employee '' to Leyte to establish contact with Tacloban Mission President Jose Veneracion Andaya , said Stephen B. Allen , Missionary Department managing director .
`` It 's the worst accident I 've seen during my 30 years in this line of work , '' emergency worker Jonas Hellsten told the local Helsingbord Dagbladet newspaper .
The accident left one person dead , according to police , while 46 people were hospitalized , four of whom had serious injuries and 10 of whom had broken bones . Three firefighters were also among the injured .
Those injured were rushed to hospitals in Helsingborg , Ängelholm and Kristianstad
The crash took place shortly before midday on the Tranarpsbron bridge just northeast of Helsingborg .
RELATED PHOTO GALLERY : Pictures from the scene of the crash
Slippery road conditions and poor visibility due to fog are to blame , police told the TT news agency .
`` The scene is pretty chaotic , '' head firefighter Christer Haraldsson told the TT news agency .
`` Several people are stuck in their cars . We have a large number of ambulances on their way and we are sending a bus to evacuate the area . ''
Emergency crews estimate the wreck involved approximately 100 vehicles , but exact figures remain hard to come by .
A press photographer on the scene said the scene of the accident `` stretches as far as the eye can see '' and involves cars on both sides of the motorway .
`` I can see how an emergency services fuel truck has crashed into a truck , which is now lying across the lanes , '' Scanpix photographer Björn Lindgren told TT .
`` On the other side , I can see two trucks that have rammed into one another , tearing the load from one . ''
Haraldsson confirmed that an emergency service fuel truck was involved in the crash .
The E4 has been closed in both directions while rescue crews continue their work , and it remains unclear when the road will reopen .
Throughout much of the day , officials were reporting three people had died in the crash , but late on Tuesday night police issued a correction on their website , confirming that one person , had died .
SEE ALSO : Cleaning lady steals train and crashes into house
Elsewhere , around ten vehicles were involved in a crash on the E20 motorway northwest of Eskilstuna in central Sweden .
The wreck stopped southbound traffic on the E20 , and one person sustained minor injuries .
Snow continued to fall across much of the country on Tuesday , causing a number of accidents on Swedish roadways , with 33 being reported in Stockholm county alone .
TT/The Local/at
Follow The Local on Twitter
by Ryan Koronowski / Care2
Earth Day is April 22 , and March 23 was the last day children in Utah could n't send in their submissions for the state-sponsored Earth Day poster contest lauding fossil fuel production .
This year 's theme is “ Where Would WE Be Without Oil , Gas & Mining ? ”
Last year 's theme was “ How Do YOU Use Oil , Gas , and Mining ? ”
The contest is literally made possible by fossil fuel interests . This year 's sponsors include the Salt Lake Petroleum Section of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and the Utah Division of Oil , Gas & Mining . Last year 's sponsor list was longer , including Arch Coal , Anadarko Petroleum , and Rio Tinto/Kennecott Utah Copper .
Any child in Utah between Kindergarten and sixth grade is eligible . The contest 's primary objective is “ to improve students ' and the public 's awareness of the important role that oil , gas , and mining play in our everyday lives. ” Last year 's contest winners made posters that detailed how dependent we have become on fossil fuels . To their credit , the grand prize winner detailed both ways we use products created by fossil fuels and ways we can reduce our consumption .
The children were not asked to make posters about the climate impacts caused by those same fossil fuels : drought , wildfires , and warmer winters .
Some parents are not happy , as this letter to the editor by Colby Poulson makes clear :
Why is the state backing an “ Earth Day ” contest that celebrates fossil fuels , while completely ignoring the adverse effects that their use and extraction can too often have on our air quality , water quality , public lands and the other organisms we share the world with ? Should n't Earth Day be about championing things that can help reverse the negative impact of our dependence on fossil fuels ?
Frankly , I 'm disgusted that the state is backing propaganda like this in our schools .
Why allow a contest like this to run two years in a row ? The state could be taking its cues from its Congressional delegation , one of whom runs the House Science subcommittee and denies the reality of human-caused climate change . Or its state legislature , which in 2010 adopted a resolution doubting the reality of climate change .
Perhaps they missed the Salt Lake Tribune ‘ s editorial , “ A killing climate : Global warming unchecked , ” or those Utah scientists who reported :
Based on extensive scientific research , there is very high confidence that human-generated increases in greenhouse gas concentrations are responsible for most of the global warming observed during the past 50 years . It is very unlikely that natural climate variations alone , such as changes in the brightness of the sun or carbon dioxide emissions from volcanoes , have produced this recent warming . …
Utah is projected to warm more than the average for the entire globe and the expected consequences of this warming are fewer frost days , longer growing seasons , and more heat waves .
Appropriately , the winners of the Earth Day poster contest will be notified on April Fool 's Day .
Schoolchildren Asked To Celebrate Fossil Fuels And Mining On Earth Day
Read more : http : //www.care2.com/causes/schoolchildren-asked-to-celebrate-fossil-fuels-and-mining-on-earth-day.html # ixzz2Ofai2myH
Advertisements
Please select your country : United States Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia ( 1945-1992 ) Denmark East Germany ( 1949-1990 ) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. ( 1922-1991 ) Yugoslavia ( 1945-1992 ) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user ?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Alternate Titles
`` MOO '' -- Informal abbreviation
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
Critic Reviews
Forums
Trivia
Jerry Pournelle
References
Star Lords
Star Lords was a sort-of prototype game for Master of Orion . It was released as freeware in 2001 . Spaceward Ho ! Master of Orion borrows several game elements from Spaceward Ho ! . Awards Computer Gaming World June 1994 ( Issue # 119 ) – Strategy Game of the Year April 1996 ( Issue # 141 ) – Introduced into the Hall of Fame November 1996 ( 15th anniversary issue ) - # 33 in the “ 150 Best Games of All Time ” list
Game Bytes 1993 - Strategy Game of the Year
GameStar ( Germany ) Issue 12/1999 - # 64 in the `` 100 Most Important PC Games of the Nineties '' ranking
Gaming World 1993 - Premier Award Computing
PC Gamer April 2000 - # 37 in the `` Readers All-Time Top 50 '' poll October 2001 - # 31 in the `` Top 60 Games of All Time '' list ( They go on to credit the game for the creation of the '4X ' genre of strategy gaming ( 'explore , expand , exploit , and exterminate ' ) . ) April 2005 - # 44 in the `` 50 Best Games of All Time '' list
Pelit Magazine 1994 - Best PC Game
Strategy Plus 1993 - Strategy Game of the Year
Information also contributed by Adam Baratz , Entorphane , Michael Palomino , PCGamer77 , Scott Monster and Technocrat
Related Web Sites Master of Orion on the Mac ( An article on High-end Mac about the Macintosh version of the game . The writer describes their experiences originally running the game on their PCs when it was released and their attempts to enjoy the game on their Macs . The article effectively takes the form of a retrospective appreciation of the game , with an underlying point regarding the backwards compatibility of Apple 's hardware ( Jul . 1st , 2008 ) . ) Contributed to by Terok Nor ( 27251 ) and Tomer Gabel ( 4646 )
overlaps with Civilization insofar as you are the leader of one of several races . Technological advance , realm expansion and combat are all key elements . Where it differs is in being set in space.The planet Orion itself is a lush , fertile planet with vast mineral resources . It is guarded by the Guardian - a powerful vessel which you have to defeat in order to plunder Orion 's riches.As you attempt to expand your empire , you will have to trade and steal technologies from rivals , again much like . Your ships can be improved over the game , in terms of engine power , shields , cloaking devices and weapons , and different combinations of these can be integrated . Resource management is largely set using sliders , which reduces the amount of time spent on micro-management.Famous Sci-Fi novelist and long time technology columnist Jerry Pournelle frequently mention their appreciation fori their Chaos Manor columns . He 's often stated its one of their all-time favorite games.When playing against the Meklars , one of the names for the leader ( picked randomly from a pool in the NAMES.LBX file ) is TX-1138 . Likely a reference to George Lucas 's movie , which they themselves have referred to in little in-jokes throughout themovies .
The world is waiting for Microsoft 's next Surface tablet , but when it ships , it 'll have to contend with Lenovo 's new Miix 720 , a 12-inch Windows tablet loaded with cutting-edge features .
The Miix 720 will start at $ 999 and will ship in April . That 's about $ 100 more than the starting price of the Surface Pro 4 , but the Miix 720 has superior features .
But the Surface could catch up with the Miix 720 soon . A new Surface Pro 5 could be out as soon as early this year and have features like faster processors and a higher resolution screen that could on par or better than the Miix 720 . That 's when the competition will get interesting .
But for now , it 's Miix 720 versus the Surface Pro 4 . The Lenovo tablet runs on an Intel Core processor based on the latest Kaby Lake architecture and has an integrated graphics processor capable of supporting 4K video . Surface Pro 4 is a generation behind with Skylake chips , but the next Surface tablet will likely get Kaby Lake .
Lenovo has borrowed some ideas from the Surface with a kickstand at the back of the Miix 720 , which helps the tablet sit upright on a desk or tabletop .
A difference-maker in the Miix 720 is the USB-C port , which is also a high-speed Thunderbolt 3 port to connect external peripherals like displays and storage devices . Surface Pro 4 only has one full-sized USB 3.0 port . Additionally , the Miix 720 has USB 3.0 and USB 2.0 ports .
The Lenovo tablet supports up to 16GB of faster DDR4 DRAM . The Surface Pro 4 supports up to 16GB of the older and slower DDR3 memory . Data moves faster with DDR4 memory , and that means faster computer performance .
The Lenovo 's 12-inch screen is smaller than the 12.3-inch screen on the Surface Pro 4 but displays images at a higher resolution . The Miix 720 displays images at a 2880 x 1920-pixel resolution , which is better than the 2736 x 1824-pixel resolution of the Surface Pro 4 .
The Miix 720 has storage capacity up to 1TB , and a keyboard attachment turns the tablet into a laptop . Those capabilities are available on the Surface Pro 4 . Lenovo will separately sell a stylus allowing users to take notes and draw on the tablet .
Lenovo 's tablet weighs about 780 grams , or 1.1 kilograms with the keyboard attachment . It has a 1-megapixel front camera with infrared , allowing users to log into Windows PCs via face recognition.The tablet also has a 5-megapixel rear camera .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Angry French feminists say local media have been awash with male chauvinist comments since the arrest of former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn on charges they attempted to rape a New York hotel maid .
Feminist organizations published a petition saying they were “ stunned by the daily flood of misogynist comments by public figures ” since the French former finance minister was detained . They deny the charges and is currently on bail .
In their statement , the feminists said friends and allies of Strauss-Kahn had downplayed the plight of the alleged victim in their rush to defend the Socialist , who until their fall was well placed to beat President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2012 elections .
The lawyer for the maid said their client was a 32-year-old widow from the West African nation of Guinea , who has a daughter aged 15 .
“ We do not know what happened in New York Saturday May 14 , but we know what has been happening in France in the past week . We are witnessing a sudden rise of sexist and reactionary reflexes , so quick to surface among part of the French elite , ” the groups said in a statement on the website of Le Monde .
Organised by groups including “ Osez le feminisme ” and “ La Barbe , ” the petition was signed by more than a 1,000 women , including TV journalist Audrey Pulvar , whose partner Arnaud Montebourg is bidding to be the Socialist candidate next year .
“ There is a certain impunity in France when it comes to this kind of uninhibited sexism , ” the groups said .
The groups said that 75,000 women were raped in France every year and that sexist language in public tended to minimise the gravity of crime , turning it into a vague and more or less acceptable act .
The groups referred to specific statements , including one by former culture minister and Strauss-Kahn ally Jack Lang , who said Strauss-Kahn should have been released on bail earlier , considering that “ nobody has died . ”
Journalist Jean-Franois Kahn , no relation , denied rape had taken place and dismissed the affair as “ troussage de domestique , ” a phrase that evokes a master having non-consensual sex with a servant .
A friend of Strauss-Kahn and their journalist wife Anne Sinclair , Kahn later apologised for the remark .
“ This kind of language generates an intolerable confusion between sexual freedom and violence toward women . Violent acts , rape , attempted rape and harassment are all the mark of men 's desire to dominate women 's bodies , ” the feminist groups said .
Rev . Franklin Graham , an evangelical pastor and the president of the international Christian relief organization Samaritan 's Purse , sees no problem with the White House 's plans to prevent refugees fleeing war-torn Syria from entering the United States .
For Graham , it 's simply “ not a Bible issue . ”
President Donald Trump is expected to sign executive orders later this week that could temporarily ban refugees and immigrants from countries their administration deems high-risk , like Iraq , Syria , Iran , Sudan , Libya , Somalia , and Yemen . According to a draft version of the document obtained by The Huffington Post , priority will be given to religious minorities ― which means Christians in these Muslim-majority countries could be favored over Muslims .
Graham , son of the famous evangelist Billy Graham , has stood firmly behind Trump 's administration since the election , joining the president 's “ Thank You ” tour and offering a Bible reading at the inauguration .
As the leader of a humanitarian organization that provides relief to victims of war , poverty , and persecution in over 100 countries , Graham is acutely aware of the needs facing refugees in the world 's most troubled regions . Samaritan 's Purse stated mission is to “ to follow the example of Christ by helping those in need and proclaiming the hope of the Gospel . ”
The organization takes its name from the biblical parable of the Good Samaritan , who went out of their way to help a stranger whose life was in danger .
The Huffington Post spoke with Graham on Wednesday , and asked whether it 's possible to reconcile Trump 's temporary ban on refugees with the Christian commandment to welcome , clothe and feed the stranger , and to be a Good Samaritan to those in need .
Graham said they do n't believe those two things need to be reconciled .
“ It 's not a biblical command for the country to let everyone in who wants to come , that 's not a Bible issue , ” Graham told HuffPost . “ We want to love people , we want to be kind to people , we want to be considerate , but we have a country and a country should have order and there are laws that relate to immigration and I think we should follow those laws . Because of the dangers we see today in this world , we need to be very careful . ”
For Graham , this vetting process is n't good enough .
“ I think it can be better , ” they said . “ There are some very dangerous people in the world today , especially coming out of the Middle East . ”
Mark Wallheiser via Getty Images Evangelist and CEO of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association Franklin Graham takes the stage before president-elect Donald Trump during a thank-you rally in Ladd-Peebles Stadium on December 17 , 2016 in Mobile , Alabama .
In the past , Graham has drawn criticism for making inflammatory remarks about Muslims and the faith they practice . He 's demonstrated an inability , or a refusal , to understand the difference between ISIS , a terrorist group , and Islam , a religion followed by 1.6 billion people around the world .
In 2015 , Graham proposed a ban on Muslims entering the United States .
In a Facebook post , Graham wrote : “ We are under attack by Muslims at home and abroad . We should stop all immigration of Muslims to the U.S. until this threat with Islam has been settled . Every Muslim that comes into this country has the potential to be radicalized―and they do their killing to honor their religion and Muhammad . ”
A few months later , then-candidate Donald Trump made banning Muslims a campaign promise .
During the interview with HuffPost , Graham mentioned that Samaritan 's Purse operates an emergency field hospital near Mosul , Iraq . The hospital is prepared to assist civilians who are injured during conflicts between Iraqi Security Forces and Islamic State fighters .
“ A lot of our patients are women and children who have been shot in the back as they 're fleeing ISIS , I 've seen this first hand , ” Graham said . “ We need to know who we 're letting in this country . ”
When asked whether they believe religion should be used to determine whether which refugees should be allowed to enter the United States , Graham told The Huffington Post that they believe persecuted religious minorities around the world ― Jews , Yazidis , and Christians , in particular ― should be given priority .
This entry was posted on
Thursday , September 13th , 2012 at
8:13 am and is filed
under Christ… , Humanity , Old Media , Rupert ‘ The Evil One ' Murdoch , Tories ! Tories ! Tories ! .
There is a major discussion pending about collusion between police/authorities and the tabloid element that brazenly exploits and corrupts them . I speak not just of Hillsborough but a variety of instances in recent times ( example ) . However , today you will have to settle for some mere fact-checking from this little black duck .
Last night , hundreds of people were on Twitter discussing the merits ( or otherwise ) of Kelvin MacKenzie , and this graphic turned up of an editorial allegedly penned by MacKenzie in their capacity as editor of The Sun in 1988 * :
I used TinEye to locate this instance of the same graphic/editorial , and it cites a local source ( Peter Crisp ) who would be entirely likely to keep and distribute material like this .
One might simply ask Kelvin MacKenzie and/or someone at The Sun but I expect they 're all very busy hiding under the bed at the moment , so please drop me a line ( email ) , tweet at me ( @ bloggerheads ) or comment ( below/reddit ) if you think you can help me to determine the authenticity of this editorial .
( Also , drop me a line if you 've any word on the alleged second coming of Jesus of Nazareth , especially if you know the venue , as I want to book early for a good seat . If I 'm going to heckle , I want to do it from the front row . )
–
[ * In October 1984 the IRA bombed the Grand Hotel in Brighton during the Tory conference with the intention of assassinating then-PM Margaret Thatcher and/or members of their cabinet . The Tory conference returned to Brighton in 1988 . ]
[ Psst ! If you 're not in a position to help today , you can still do something nifty on Twitter . Drop @ kelvinmackenzie a friendly word ; the poor chap 's been widely mistaken for a former editor of a certain barrel-scraping tabloid . ]
The battle on Celestia between the four goddesses continued as it always had been for centuries : Endlessly and without reprieve . It was a fight for the title of 'True Goddess ' , a supposed right to become the goddess all citizens of Gamindustri will adore and believe in . This reward was something that could n't just be decided through words , but with action , to prove which goddess had the true power to be the one everyone in Gamindustri had faith in . But of the four goddesses , there was one that had a startling realization of this ongoing fight .
Them name was Neptune , but more commonly known as Purple Heart ; the CPU of Planeptune .
... I do n't see any point in this anymore .
That was the single thought running through Neptune 's mind as they huffed and gasped for air . The four had just recently relented from an all-out assault at each other , but there was no indication of who had the advantage in battle now . Neptune had been on the verge of dealing some sort of damage to White Heart , CPU of Lowee , but Black Heart from Lastation continued to interfere and get in here way . However , Green Heart of Leanbox would quickly swoop in and attack them both only to be stopped by White Heart . This type of battle just kept repeating itself ; one would attack another , but then someone else would come in and break up the fight , attempting to take out two birds with one stone . Rinse and repeat , which is what led to Neptune 's conclusion .
We 're at an impasse here . None of us can take each other out without being taken out by another .
`` Why do n't you all give up , you stubborn fools ? This battle has gone on long enough ! '' Black Heart stated , frustrated with the situation as much as Neptune was .
Neptune could have retorted , but they did n't ... because a part of them agreed with Black Heart . This senseless fighting had to stop . Initially , the prize had been about the title of 'True Goddess ' , but somewhere along the way , Neptune lost interest in the idea of becoming the number one goddess everyone would revere . Why did such a title exist that had the power to make all the other goddesses ' efforts in maintaining their own nation ... worth nothing ? The more these questions came to mind , the less ferocity Neptune harbored in fighting . Neptune would still fight , but there was n't any drive to it any more like there used to be hundreds of years ago .
Now all Neptune wanted to do was go back home to their people and care for them ... as a goddess should .
`` And let you take the title of True Goddess ? Hah ! Fat chance of that happening ! '' White Heart shouted , still energetic as always .
`` How much longer do we have to put up with this pointless fighting ? '' Green Heart of Leanbox spoke what was on Neptune 's mind , releasing a sigh that showed fatigue , but not on a physical level .
`` Wait no longer then , Thunder Tits ! ''
White Heart launched the first attack on Green Heart , but Green Heart was easily able to dodge the attack and counter . White Heart took the blow , but did n't seem deterred or greatly injured by it at all , merely brushing at the mark on body with them hand .
`` What raucous manners you have , White Heart . Unlike yourself , I have matters to fulfill that requires me alive . '' Green Heart taunted White Heart for their attack . `` Also , breasts are symbols of maturity and fertility ... qualities of a goddess . Something that you quite clearly ... lack . ''
That spurred White Heart to charge at Green Heart with a roar to match their might . However , as they clashed against one another , Black Heart jumped into the fray between Green and White Heart . The two were barely able to block Black Heart 's attack , who laughed haughtily , feeling victorious at striking Green and White Heart without repercussion . Meanwhile , Neptune continued to stay away , avoiding the fray entirely . It was then Neptune noticed the three stopped and lowered their weapons . Neptune slowly approached the three , enough to pick up their conversation , but still keep a distance .
`` So who 's the sad sack to be ejected out of Celestia ? '' White Heart asked Black and Green Heart .
There was a moment of pause between the three , like they were listening to someone else talk . But the only ones here were the four of them ... right ?
`` True , they would be the most difficult to take out later . '' Green Heart nodded them head .
`` So then it 's settled . '' Black Heart concluded .
`` Who are you talking to ? '' Neptune asked .
It was then the three automatically turned to Neptune with their weapons raised . Neptune 's eyes widened as they readied their own sword . Now this was certainly a strange turn of events ; to have all the other goddesses unite against them Neptune had confidence in their ability as a fighter , but this was a fight they knew they could not win . For the first time in years , adrenaline started to pump through Neptune 's body as Black Heart took the lead in attacking their head-on . Neptune held their ground , successfully blocking the blow . Neptune countered , striking back and forcing Black Heart to soar away , regrouping with the other two goddesses .
I 'm going to have a bad time , are n't I ?
`` Will you stop being a pain and make this quick for us ! ? ''
Neptune looked up to see White Heart had taken to the sky , axe raised over their head and diving straight for them Crouching low , Neptune leaped over White Heart just as they struck the ground where Neptune had once been . Neptune turned their attention elsewhere as Black and Green Heart decided to stop idling and took to the skies to take their head on . Ducking low to avoid a slash from Black Heart , Neptune elbowed Black Heart in the gut , stunning them long enough to grab them and use them as a shield from Green Heart . The Leanbox goddess stopped themselves from driving their spear into Black Heart .
`` How cowardly ! '' Green Heart narrowed their eyes at Neptune .
`` Says the one teaming up to take on one goddess . '' Neptune countered as they shoved the Lastation goddess into Green Heart .
`` Forget about me ? ''
Turning around , Neptune barely had time to block the attack from the returning White Heart . Though they blocked the attack , the force of the blow sent them crashing into the ground . Disorientated from the crash , Neptune blinked their eyes open and immediately rolled out of the way as Green Heart 's spear plunged into the ground where Neptune had once been laying . Quickly getting back up on their feet , Neptune raised their sword to strike Green Heart before they felt a strike from a blade hit their side . Grunting in pain , Neptune barely avoided the next hit from their attacker who had been Black Heart .
`` About time I got payback for that cheap hit you pulled on me ! '' Black Heart smirked triumphantly . `` Now have another ! ''
The next blow from Black Heart caused Neptune to stagger . Retaining some level of consciousness , Neptune feinted their counter , fooling Black Heart in defending themselves in the upper front area . But Neptune did not use their sword and instead kicked at Black Heart 's knee , which proved effective in knocking Black Heart down on their knee . Neptune shouted as they released a strong upper strike , sending Black Heart flying back and right into White Heart .
Ca n't keep this up much longer . Those few hits really did a number on me ...
`` You shall not escape me this time , Purple Heart ! '' Green Heart shouted , who had freed their spear from the ground .
Despite everything , Neptune had to say they were doing pretty well so far holding against these three by herself . But they knew that they were pretty much done by this point . The only one they had managed to injure at all was Black Heart . As they looked at the other goddesses who were flying at her , it was then they realized something .
... What am I trying so hard for again ?
Neptune did the unprecedented by forcing their sword to disappear . This somehow caused all three goddesses to stop in their place , confusion clear as day in their eyes . Why had Purple Heart just disarmed themselves of their only means of defending herself ? It was then that Neptune gave their answer to them as they started to walk backwards , stopping just before the edge of the platform they were on .
`` You know what ? To hell with the True Goddess title . ''
The Planeptune goddess scoffed and shrugged them arms .
`` It does n't interest me anymore . I 'm going home . ''
The last thing the other goddesses saw Purple Heart do before they fell off ? Throwing a peace sign at them .
`` Later , gators ! ''
Prannoy Roy met with Modi twice to try and get out of the pickle they are in
Prannoy Roy gave a speech at the Press Club on Friday evening and thundered , “ Never crawl before the power ” ! In this post we will prove to you what a raging hypocrite they are . They crawled and tried to butter up Prime Minister Narendra Modi not once , but twice to patch-up New Delhi Television Ltd. ( NTDV ) matters .
Senior staffers in NDTV ( who wish to stay anonymous ) remember Prannoy Roy gushing praises of Modi , that Modi was so warm and courteous and delighted on NDTV 's plan to popularize Swachh Bharat .
When Modi announced the Swachh Bharat mission in Oct 2014 , Prannoy Roy and the top management in NDTV saw it as an opportunity to reach out to Modi . One senior Cabinet Minister was also part of this idea . They fixed a one-on-one meeting with Modi and Prannoy Roy in late 2014 . By this time the Enforcement Directorate ( ED ) was on the way to slap a Rs.2030 crores notice to NDTV for Foreign Exchange Management Act ( FEMA ) violations .
Delighted over meeting Modi , the next day Prannoy Roy declared in the newsroom on their meeting with the Prime Minister . Senior staffers in NDTV ( who wish to stay anonymous ) remember Prannoy Roy gushing praises of Modi , that Modi was so warm and courteous and delighted on NDTV 's plan to popularize Swachh Bharat . NDTV managed to even rope in Dettol as a sponsor for Swachh Bharat !
Prannoy even said that Modi showed no signs of being upset over NTDV 's coverage of the Gujarat riots . They further said that the Prime Minister had suggested that the Roys should vacation in the Rann of Kutch . Within weeks Prannoy Roy and Radhika were off to vacation in Rann of Kutch ! PM and Prannoy Roy tweeted about NDTV 's Swachh Bharat programme . Meanwhile pressures were mounting on ED not to send FEMA notice by the go-between Cabinet Minister .
After returning from Rann of Kutch Prannoy Roy managed one more one-on-one meeting with Modi through the Cabinet Minister . This was in early 2015 . In the meeting Prannoy Roy profusely thanked Modi for suggesting a “ wonderful ” holiday in the Rann of Kutch .
Showing eminent people selective portions of your battles with the government agencies and smooth talking with them will go only so far .
The following day in the newsroom meeting , Prannoy was so overjoyed on their interactions with Modi that they claimed that Modi is a changed man now and goes by the guidance of the Cabinet Minister .
But Prannoy Roy 's happiness ended when the pliable Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das was changed and ED slapped a FEMA Notice for Rs.2030 crores and IT slapped Rs.525 crore Notice for tax violation .
Your coworker is chipper and cheery . The lady across the street is constantly smiling . The gas station attendant is always in such a good mood .
Tweet
What is it that makes happy people so , well , happy ? What do they know that we do n't ? In this world where we are bombarded with sad news on TV , the rising rate of unemployment and an equally high rate of divorce , how do we shield ourselves from all this negativity and stay happy ?
It 's easier than you think . Happy people do n't necessarily have fewer problems than anyone else . They just handle things differently .
William Arthur Ward said it best - “ Happiness is an inside job ” . It sure is . True happiness is a state of mind , your mind .
So how then do we get in that positive mindset ?
These 7 Tips on What Happy People Do Will Definitely Help You Get There .
1 . Wake up smiling .
Now that may sound harder than it actually is but just try it . Lay in bed and smile . It just takes a minute . Happy people are happy to wake up to a brand-new day with new opportunities . They start their day with a big smile . Tomorrow morning , before you open your eyes and before your feet touch the floor , smile . You might find that you even end up giggling a bit . What a great way to start the day !
2 . Express gratitude throughout the day .
Happy people are truly grateful for every single thing they have . Big or small . Their house , bed , car , job , coffeemaker , clothes , you name it , they are grateful for it . They do not waste precious energy complaining about anything ! When you are in a state of gratitude you can only feel happiness . Say thank you continuously . It automatically makes you happy .
3 . Get rid of toxic people .
You 've heard this one time and time again but have you done it yet ? The time vampires , the positive energy suckers , the negative Nellies . Lose them . Quickly . Immediately .
This one is not quite so easy to do and may cause you to feel a tad bit of guilt but trust me when I tell you , you are better off without them and , in time , the guilt passes . * * Once you rid yourself of them , it wo n't be long before you see how happy you 've become
. * *
4 . Learn to let things roll off your back .
There are many things that are out of our control . Some are stressful , others not so much . Annoying maybe , but stressful ? Nope .
How we handle them is the deciding factor on whether or not we 're going to be totally irate or just laugh it off . In a hurry to get somewhere and suddenly a train is crossing ? Oh well . Not much you can do about that . Turn up the stereo in your car and sing to the top of your lungs ! That should ease some tension and make you happy .
5 . Do something nice for someone .
Often the people who have the least , give the most . Why ? Because it makes them happy . Doing nice things for others will definitely put you in a state of happiness . Bring flowers to a single mother you know . Buy a coffee or lunch for a homeless person . Volunteer at a shelter . Animals or humans , pick one ! The possibilities are endless . Think of one act of kindness and go do it .
6 . Give compliments freely .
This one is quite possibly one of my favorites . Next time you 're standing in line at the bank , coffee shop or wherever , compliment the person in front or behind you . Tell them you “ love their shoes ” or “ that color looks fabulous on you ” or “ your children are so beautiful ” .
The surprised look on their face and then the instant smile that comes with that is always priceless and guaranteed to make anyone happy . If you see something beautiful in someone , tell them ! You never know , but it may be the only nice thing they hear all day . Compliment someone today .
7 . Be yourself .
Do n't pretend to be someone you 're not . There is only one you . You are beautiful , unique , awesome and simply amazing . Be you ! Love who you are . The people in your life love you for you so do n't try to be something or someone else . There is no happiness in that . Happy people are totally happy in their own skin , flaws and all . They do n't care . They 're just happy to be alive and given another day to enjoy all the great things they have and maybe even make a difference in someone 's life .
Being happy is n't any harder to do than being miserable . You get to choose . Choose wisely . Choose yourself , give compliments - it both helps you develop a positive mindset and helps with your sense of self . Do something nice for people and learn to shrug things off . Then again , you should avoid toxic people . It will then be easier to show appreciation for everything good in your life and to wake up smiling and -- happy !
Learn to express grattitude every day using meditation - and make it an unbreakable habit !
What makes you happy ?
Tweet
All the talk of a potential Ronda Rousey vs Gina Carano UFC superfight can be put on hold for now .
Canadian Alexis Davis will face Rousey for the UFC women 's bantamweight title at UFC 175 July 5 in Las Vegas .
UFC president Dana White announced the matchup Friday night .
Port Colborne , Ont . 's Davis ( 16-5 ) is on a five-fight win streak including UFC victories over Rosi Sexton , Liz Carmouche and Jessica Eye .
Rousey ( 9-0 ) is coming off the first TKO win of their career when they stopped Sara McMann with a knee to the body just 66 seconds into the first round of the UFC 170 main event in February . Prior to that fight , all of Rousey 's wins had come by their signature armbar maneuver .
White has stated that Cat Zingano is still the division 's No . 1 contender , however the 31-year-old has been recovering from knee surgery and the death of their husband . It 's unknown when they will be ready to return to the UFC .
It had also recently been reported that Rousey was interested in a fight with Carano . The women 's MMA pioneer , who has n't competed since 2009 , recently said they are considering a comeback to the sport .
Rousey and Davis are the only members of the women 's bantamweight division currently 3-0 in the UFC .
UFC 175 takes place at the Mandalay Bay Events Center and is scheduled to be headlined by a middleweight title fight between Chris Weidman and Lyoto Machida . The event also features a light-heavyweight bout between TUF Brazil coaches Chael Sonnen and Wanderlei Silva , a middleweight bout pinning rising middleweight star Uriah Hall against Thiago Santos , plus a reported bout featuring Dan Henderson versus Daniel Cormier .
In today 's post , I want to talk a little about a different topic , playing the berimbau . Being able to play this instrument well is an important part of being a well rounded capoeirista , but it can be difficult to motivate oneself to work on this skill without a well defined plan . So , I just wanted to share with you some of the exercises I have used to develop and improve my own playing , so that it might help you learn and be inspired to work even harder .
Most of the time when people try to learn the berimbau they only spend time practicing the different rhythms or “ toques ” used in the Capoeira roda . While this is extremely important to do , it does n't lend much to developing the actual techniques of playing these instruments . One could know how to play the different toques well , but if they lack the skills to make the instrument sound alive and crisp , then their playing will always sound subpar . Therefore , I think the best way to use your time in practicing the berimbau is to first do some exercises that work solely on technique , then move on to practice the actual rhythms you need to know .
The exercise for technique I have had a lot of success with is one I have adapted from marching band drummers called “ Single , Double , Triples ” . These are essentially three different rhythmic patterns that develop your timing , transitions between notes , and speed . Since the berimbau is a percussion instrument , it only makes sense that exercises that help other percussionists would work here as well . In the following video , I demonstrate these three different patterns .
I have spelled out the rhythms below as well to help you follow along :
0 = open tone
1 = closed tone
x = scratch
Singles :
0-0-0-1-0-0-1-0 — 0-0-0-1-0-0-1-0 — 0-0-0-1-0-0-1-0 — REPEAT
Doubles :
0-0-x-0-0-x-0-0-x-0-0-x-1-1 — 0-0-x-0-0-x-0-0-x-0-0-x-1-1 — REPEAT
Triples :
0-0-0-x-0-0-0-x-0-0-0-x-1-1 — 0-0-0-x-0-0-0-x-0-0-0-x-1-1 — REPEAT
At first , practice these patterns very slowly , and focus on getting clear , loud notes on each hit . As you become more comfortable , start increasing speed , pushing to get a little faster each time you practice . I also recommend practicing these without a caxixi . The shaker can often hide imperfections in your notes , and when practicing technique and tone you want to be able to hear the sounds you are making as clear as possible .
Advertisements
Ireland has slipped from first to fourth in Forbes ' annual rankings of the best country in the world to do business . Denmark takes the number one slot followed by Hong Kong and New Zealand .
Forbes produces its annual Best Countries for Business report based on seven information sources measuring 11 metrics including innovation , taxes , property rights , technology and stock market performance in 146 nations .
Ireland is ranked first in the world in the category of “ personal freedom. ” It comes sixth in terms of “ investor protection ” and ninth for “ trade freedom . ”
It comes 17th in the world when ranked in terms of “ corruption , ” and eighteenth for its ability to protect both intellectual and physical property rights .
Ireland is nineteenth for the amount of “ red tape ” facing business and comes in 20th position for “ innovation . ”
In its commentary on Ireland , Forbes said : “ Since entering office in March 2011 , the new ( Enda ) Kenny government has intensified austerity measures to try to meet the deficit targets under Ireland 's EU-IMF program . ”
“ Ireland has grown slowly since 2011 , but managed to reduce the budget deficit to 7.2 per cent of GDP in 2013 . In late 2013 , Ireland formally exited its EU-IMF bailout program , benefiting from its strict adherence to deficit-reduction targets and success in refinancing a large amount of banking-related debt . ”
“ In the wake of the collapse of the construction sector and the downturn in consumer spending and business investment , the export sector , dominated by foreign multinationals , has become an even more important component of Ireland 's economy . Agriculture , once the most important sector , is now dwarfed by industry and services , ” the Forbes report concludes .
Last week one of the key sources used to compile the Forbes report , the influential International Property Rights Index , warned that Ireland risked falling back in Forbes rankings if it introduced plain packaging for cigarettes and other products .
Forbes is critical again this year of the United States which ranked 18th in Forbes ' ninth annual ranking of the best countries for business , down four spots from last year . Forbes said this “ marks the fifth straight year of declines since 2009 , when the US ranked second . Blame an expanded government , as well as expensive new regulations in finance and health care . ”
Denmark , Forbes said , was the best country in the world to do business because its “ business climate is extremely positive . ”
“ It scored highly across the board , finishing in the top 25 in each of the 11 categories we considered with top five showings for personal freedom , technology and low corruption , ” it said .
“ One of the keys to Denmark 's pro-business climate is the flexible labour market known as “ Flexisecurity , ” where companies can easily hire and fire workers with out-of-work adults eligible for significant unemployment benefits , ” Forbes added .
Among other major economies Japan rose two spots from last year to number 26 , while China fell three places to number 97 . Germany jumped four places to 20th place while France fell sharply by eight places to 27th .
By : Dominic Jones
JJ Abrams ' time in the Star Wars director 's chair may be done , with the next installment in the saga being directed by Rian Johnson . Abrams , who will still be an executive producer on Star Wars Episode VIII , has read the script for the sequel and , according to Greg Grunberg , they love it .
The Force Awakens , told Grunberg , who plays X-Wing pilot Temmin `` Snap '' Wexley in , told The Washington Post
“ He read it and said something they never , ever says , ” Grunberg , who plays pilot Snap Wexley in the new film , tells The Post 's Comic Riffs . “ He said : ‘ It 's so good , I wish I were making it . '
“ He may have said something one time on ‘ Lost , ' with Damon [ Lindelof , the co-creator ] , ” continues Grunberg , whose credits on Abrams series include “ Lost ” and “ Felicity , ” “ but I never hear them express regret like that . ”
Episode VIII is expected begin in January with the majority of the main cast returning ( with one , sad , obvious exception ) . Daisy Ridley , who plays Rey , also shared their thoughts on the Episode VIII script recently , Episode VIII back in September at Skellig Michael ( you know , THAT location from the end of the film ) . Production onis expected begin in January with the majority of the main cast returning ( with one , sad , obvious exception ) . Daisy Ridley , who plays Rey , also shared their thoughts on thescript recently , calling it `` very good '' . Some scenes involving Mark Hamill were shot forback in September at Skellig Michael ( you know , location from the end of the film ) .
As for Grunberg returning , they did n't confirm anything but , they did reveal that while shooting the film they shot a bunch of reaction shots but refused to say the line `` I 'm hit . '' Maybe Snap will be the Wedge of the new trilogy .
Follow The Star Wars Underworld on Twitter @ TheSWU for more updates about this story and other breaking Star Wars news .
The January issue of Kodansha 's Bessatsu Friend magazine is revealing on Wednesday that Junko 's Kiss Him , Not Me ( Watashi ga Motete Dōsunda ) manga will end in three chapters . If there are no delays , the manga will end on March 13 in the magazine 's April issue . Junko previously revealed last month that the manga 's 14th volume will be the final volume .
Crunchyroll is releasing the manga as chapters are published in Japan , and Kodansha Comics publishes the manga in print . Kodansha Comics describes the manga :
Hi there ! My name is Serinuma Kae . I 'm the kind of girl who loves checking out boys and fantasizing about them getting friendly ( and more ) with each other - I 'm what you might call a fujoshi . One day , my beloved ( yes , he 's an anime character ) died , and the shock of it all was more than I could have ever prepared for ! My grief over their passing resulted in some ridiculous weight-loss ! And you wo n't believe what happened next ! Soon after my change , the four most divinely gorgeous boys in my school asked me out on dates ! I accepted them all , and you 'd think I 'd be happy with my sudden popularity , but the truth is , my heart only yearns for a prince to be next to their prince . Ahh , yes , boys , I 'd much prefer that you turn your affections elsewhere and kiss him , not me !
A billionaire tech investor says they have enough backing to put on the ballot a plan to split California into six states .
Timothy Draper , a venture capitalist founder of a Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm that has invested in such tech companies as Twitter , HotMail , Skype and Tesla , told Reuters they have the 808,000 signatures needed on a petition to force the measure onto a public referendum in November 2016 . Under the far-fetched plan , one state would be called `` Silicon Valley '' and would include the tech mecca , as well as San Francisco .
`` California needs a reboot , '' Draper , who has spent $ 4.9 million of their own money on the effort , said in a press release . `` Six Californias is our opportunity to solve the many problems we face today . ... Six states that are more representative and accountable . Six states that embrace innovation and strive to improve the lives of residents . ''
[ pullquote ]
Draper 's group plans to submit the signatures today , according to a Tweet .
A state dubbed `` Jefferson '' would include the northernmost portion ; `` South California '' would be comprised of San Diego and eastern Los Angeles while the rest of L.A. would be called `` West California . '' A province called `` North California '' would be built around Sacramento , and `` Central California '' would be made up of the central valley farm region , including Tulare and Fresno counties .
Silicon Valley would become the nation 's richest state , while Central California would become its poorest , according to the nonpartisan Legislative Analyst 's Office .
Critics call the plan kooky and note that such ideas have been floated in the past and never gone anywhere . According to FOX40 , there have been about 220 efforts to divide California . All have failed .
`` This is a colossal and divisive waste of time , energy and money that will hurt the California brand , ” said Steven Maviglio , a Democratic political strategist who formed the group OneCalifornia to fight Draper 's plan . `` It has zero chance of passage . But what it does is scare investment away ... at a time when the governor is leading us to an economic comeback . ”
Draper and other supporters plan to file the signatures with California Secretary of State Debra Bowen on Tuesday .
`` It 's important because it will help us create a more responsive , more innovative and more local government , and that ultimately will end up being better for all Californians , '' said Roger Salazar , a spokesperson for the campaign . `` The idea ... is to create six states with responsive local governments -- states that are more representative and accountable to their constituents . ''
Draper 's group says the division would create a more business-friendly environment , solve the state 's water issues and ease traffic congestion .
Earlier this year , Bowen gave the go-ahead for activists to start gathering signatures for the initiative . Their deadline for submitting them was July 18 .
Perhaps the biggest obstacle facing Draper 's six-state scheme is that even if approved , it would be subject to passage by Congress .
`` He 's got a pretty high bar to pass , '' Corey Cook , director of the University of San Francisco 's Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Service and the Common Good , told the San Jose Mercury News . `` There 'll be a general skepticism of how dividing the state would improve it . ''
The story of how Austrian entrepreneur Dietrich Mateschitz became one of the richest men in Europe is a remarkable tale of an opportunity seized .
As a travelling salesperson for Unilever , Mateschitz came across a Thai concoction called Krating Daeng made with sugar , caffeine and taurine .
Together with Thai business person Chaleo Yoovidhya , they carbonated the substance and introduced Red Bull to the world 30 years ago .
Red Bull has made Mateschitz an enormously wealthy man . Forbes estimated their wealth at $ 8.1 billion ( €5.9 billion ) last year . Red Bull has become a multimedia company and an unstoppable juggernaut .
Away from Red Bull , Mateschitz 's big preoccupation is to fund research into spinal cord injuries , an interest that arises out of their friendship with motocross rider Heinz Kinigadner .
Kinigadner 's 23-year-old son , Hannes , became a paraplegic after suffering a severe injury in 2003 , and their brother Hans , also a motocross athlete , has been bound to a wheelchair since 1984 .
Mateschitz , through their Red Bull Wings For Life Foundation , has financed research into spinal cord injuries for years and funds 82 projects around the globe .
Despite their millions , spinal cord research remains underfunded though its catastrophic impact affects at least 10,000 individuals in Europe every year , many of them in the prime of their lives .
Painfully slow progress
Progress in helping people with spinal injuries to walk again has been painfully slow . Nevertheless , Dr Jessica Kwok , a neuroscientist at Cambridge University , says there is hope .
“ One of the earliest drugs that we can see in dealing with the central nervous system disease will be for spinal cord injuries , ” they say . “ There are things out there we can try but it is very complicated and is a multifactorial illness .
“ At the same time , we are starting to get close to the stage where we have treatments that will show an improvement . ”
The great hope for spinal cord injury victims is stem cell research . This was championed by the former Superman actor Christopher Reeve when they were alive .
Reeve was thrown from a horse in 1995 and ended up a quadriplegic . They devoted the rest of their life to lobbying on behalf of people like themselves until their death in 2004 .
The Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation have been tireless advocates for spinal cord injury victims .
The medical profession once regarded the prognosis for severe spinal cord injury patients as hopeless . Once severely damaged , the cells in the spinal cord and brain could not regenerate or be replaced , but the advent of stem cell treatments has given new hope to such patients .
According to Kwow , there are now two trials relating to the transplantation of stem cells into the human body . Early research has shown that they have an impact on damaged neurons , but research remains in its infancy . Promising results have also been found in rats .
Lack of funding
There are six clinical trials of drugs which have passed stage one research , but lack funding to go to the second stage . Some of them do not constitute a cure , but target certain symptoms of spinal cord injuries and help to restore certain functions .
“ More basic research needs to be supported in order to make us understand exactly what happens in spinal cord injuries , ” says Kwow . “ The approach towards spinal cord injury has to be two-fold . There is no immediate quick fix . We have to look at the basic science . What happens physiologically ? ”
Kwow says the failure of the medical profession to find a cure that will help spinal cord victims to walk again is down to the complexity of the problems involved . After a catastrophic injury to the spinal cord , the body tries to shut down the affected area .
“ The body does not favour regeneration of the neurons . We can stabilise patients now . We need to come back to evolution and make the environment non-inhibitory to neuron growth .
WWe need to fight against evolution to make it more penetrable . The connections to the peripheral nervous system are also important . It is a very complicated situation . If you just have medical expertise in one area , it is not going to be enough . ”
Kwok believes there is a lot of money for neurological research but most of it was going on other conditions such as Alzheimer 's disease or Parkinson 's disease . As a result , spinal cord injuries often lose out .
Red Bull 's Wings for Life Foundation funds 82 different projects into spinal cord injury . Kwok says it is impossible to promise a breakthrough to those victims of spinal cord injury , but there is hope that those young people who are currently confined to wheelchairs will one day walk again .
“ We are proceeding by small steps . There are lots of small projects that are giving us insights into where we should go for the next projects . I could n't say if they will be able to walk in 10 years , but everything we are doing is important . ”
The administration of US President Donald Trump thanked Israel on Friday for its support for Washington 's overnight strike on a Syrian airbase in response to a chemical attack on Syrian civilians earlier this week attributed to Syrian military forces .
The Prime Minister 's Office said US Vice President Mike Pence called Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and “ thanked them – on behalf of US President Donald Trump – for Israel 's strong support for the American action in Syria . ”
Pence also updated Netanyahu “ on the details of the action and its results , ” the statement said , adding that the prime minister “ reiterated the need to prevent the spread and use of chemical weapons . ”
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The vice president and the prime minister also “ emphasized the strength of the alliance between Israel and the US . ”
Israel was one of the first states to welcome the US 's strike overnight Thursday-Friday which saw at least 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles launched from two American naval destroyers in the eastern Mediterranean strike the Shayrat Airfield north of Damascus .
The strike , ordered by Trump , came as retaliation for a deadly chemical weapon attack Tuesday in the northern Syrian province of Idlib that left at least 86 people dead , including 27 children , and allegedly employed the nerve agent sarin . Footage of people and children choking on the gas prompted outrage across the globe .
The US and other Western powers have blamed the regime of Bashar Assad for the attack , but Damascus has denied it used chemical weapons .
In a statement released about three hours after the US strike , Netanyahu praised the American move , as did Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman and the Israeli military .
The Israel Defense Forces said Friday it was informed by the US ahead of the military strike and that it expressed its support for the operation during the talks .
“ In both word and action , President Trump sent a strong and clear message today that the use and spread of chemical weapons will not be tolerated , ” Netanyahu said in a statement by their office .
They added : “ Israel fully supports President Trump 's decision and hopes that this message of resolve in the face of the Assad regime 's horrific actions will resonate not only in Damascus , but in Tehran , Pyongyang and elsewhere . ”
Liberman called the Tomahawk missile strike “ an important , necessary and moral message by the free world , led by the United States . ”
The attack on the Syrian airfield shows that the world “ will not tolerate the war crimes of the horrific regime of Bashar Assad , ” Liberman said .
Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz said the operation “ restored America 's regional leadership in a big way . ”
President Reuven Rivlin said the US move was a “ fitting response to such unthinkable brutality , and an example to the entire free world. ” Opposition leader Isaac Herzog on Friday also hailed the strike , saying it came at the “ right time and in the right place . ”
Football teams tend to go in cycles and , as such , squads have a distinct shelf life . Usually that shelf life stretches over a few seasons and the nucleus of a team stays relatively static within the framework of an individual campaign . Not so at Arsenal , where injuries force the manager into constant revision of the team 's fabric . The personnel is unintentionally fluid , therefore its modus operandi becomes malleable too .
This is one of the reasons that Arsenal 's seasons often take on a schizophrenic feel . This year , the team is shedding its skin for a second time and evolving into its third identity . The first model , developed in early autumn , saw a Coqzorla base flanked by Ramsey on the right , with the kinetic presence of Theo Walcott upfront . The injury hex robbed that side of Coquelin , Cazorla and Alexis and the Gunners had to re-stitch the seam of the starting XI .
In truth , it was held together with prit stick and staples . The Flamsey base proved flimsy , The Ox and Joel Campbell blew hot and cold out wide , whilst Giroud and Özil flickered more dimly than usual . With the gradual return of Alexis , Coquelin and now , in some style , Danny Welbeck , the Gunners side is entering its third age of the season . So how will the ( hopefully ) final part of this trilogy function ? Well , I think we have already seen some clues from recent games .
Arsenal are clearly going to become more direct . This is largely borne of necessity . Most of Arsenal 's ball players are in the infirmary , so they have made a decision in the last few games to bypass midfield entirely and play to their strengths . It 's not quite John Beck 's Cambridge or Dave Bassett 's Wimbledon , but it 's hardly the svelte stylings that have become so closely associated with the name of Arsene Wenger over the last two decades .
Shorn of Arteta , Cazorla , Wilshere or even Rosicky , Arsenal do not have a ball player or even ball carrying central midfielder to speak of . Usually , Wenger 's sides like to receive the ball from the centre halves and build through the centre . But the team does n't currently have the players to do that , so they have looked to get the ball wide early and build pressure from there . Adrian Clarke illustrated this tactic in their breakdown of the Leicester match .
Arsenal 's top 3 passing combinations for the stoppage time win over the Foxes all involved giving the ball to Alexis Sánchez . Arsenal 's top 2 passing combinations at Bournemouth saw Arsenal players funnelling the ball to the Chilean ( the third most frequent combination saw Alexis passing to Özil ) . You have to go down to the 15th most frequent passing sequence before we see an Arsenal centre half passing to a central midfield colleague in the Leicester match . ( Per to Ramsey ) .
Most of the other combos involve getting the ball wide as quickly as possible , and mainly to the left . Arsenal have passed the Dutchie to the left hand side and set up tent next to Alexis . Ramsey and Özil have gravitated over to that area of the pitch to create triangles and overloads , with Nacho Monreal riding their coattails . Likewise , Giroud has infiltrated the channels on that side of the pitch too . Danny Simpson 's second yellow card on Sunday saw them drag Giroud to the ground in the long grass of the left wing .
Compare this to Arsenal 's pained struggle to a 1-0 win over Newcastle in early January . The most frequent passing couplets saw the ball shifted infield , where once their greatest craftsman once sprayed and stroked the ball hither and thither . In the past , Arsenal 's opponents have found great joy by squeezing the centre of the pitch and forcing the Gunners wide into an orgy of unrequited crosses . Now Arsenal actively want to play through the flanks , turning a historic weakness into a strength .
This is why I expect Olivier Giroud to remain a fixture in the team until the season 's end , fitness permitting . Wenger has an odd relationship with Giroud , they have flirted with other options- Walcott , Alexis , Podolski , even Sanogo- during the smouldering Frenchman 's tenure . But Arsene just ca n't quit Olivier . Injuries , or the short term need for results always see them crawl back for more . Giroud is n't the dynamic striker that I think the manager wants , but they have become a reliable crutch . Much like that reliable hit of morning caffeine for the bedraggled office worker .
A willingness to get the ball forward quickly has defined this third imagining of 2015-16 Arsenal . Their directness can be glimpsed by the nature of the goals they have scored . Giroud knock downs from aerial balls have been midwifed to goals in the last two fixtures . Alex Oxlade Chamberlain has ousted Joel Campbell recently for two distinct reasons . Firstly , because they are more direct and that suits the thrust of Wenger 's new strategy . With much of the team 's play focused heavily on the left hand side , Campbell 's skillset is no longer as valuable on the right flank .
Campbell became useful because they provided technical counterbalance . However , being Arsenal 's right winger is a lonely gig at the moment . Campbell is secure with the ball and prefers combination play , beating a full-back with a well-executed wall pass . Since Alexis returned , all of their mates have shifted to the left , so when the ball does break to the right , there is nobody for Joel to combine with . Though they can be erratic , The Ox can at least fend for themselves in this regard . That is to say , they can take on a man and get a cross in .
Likewise Héctor Bellerin . Neither player really craves this kind of combination play . Campbell likes to tease pockets of space , but they do n't burst into it with the ball at their feet . He 's a prober . Joel would not have scored in the emphatic manner that Chamberlain managed against the Cherries . Walcott 's equaliser against Leicester emanated from a Bellerin cross from the right . Hector received the ball and was able to act quickly to swing it into the box without prevarication . As a result , Theo had license to move away from them and get into the area himself .
This is not intended as a critique of Campbell you understand . They became useful to us over the New Year period because we needed someone with their qualities , but now the team is grooving to a different tune . Arsenal plundered 50 crosses and attempted 33 take ons against Leicester . They tried 33 crosses and 30 take ons against Southampton . Compare this to a month ago . Arsenal attempted just 6 crosses and 13 take ons at Anfield and 16 crosses against Stoke City . ( There were 21 take ons at the Britannia , largely because Chamberlain played in the number 10 role ) .
Arsene Wenger once famously referenced supporter discontent by quipping that “ once you are used to caviar it is difficult to go back to sausages. ” Arsenal are n't exactly reverting to sausages , but they are certainly going to be a more bread and butter outfit over the next few months . Give it to Alexis or Özil as quickly as possible , or failing that , get it in the mixer to Giroud . The Gunners ' third costume change of the season sees them looking more blue collar , as they face their final curtain .
Follow me on Twitter @ Stillberto
All images taken from fourfourtwo statszone
Posted September 2 , 2015 at 1:02 am
U mad ? Oh . U really are mad . U have pitchforks and torches and everything . Where , um , where did U buy those ? I like them ! They 're really WAIT HEAR ME OUT !
Firstly , I just find this amusing . Secondly , I chose this for today 's comic because I was n't sure if I was done with the tea or not , and the idea was already in my head and could be done quickly . That last EGS : NP basically ate up my last Saturday ( but I already talked about that ) .
That said , there 'll probably be at least one more comic dealing with the tea , and after that it 's up in the air again . I do know that there are certain ideas I have regarding tea transformations that are a bit more than I 'm willing to post on the site . Like , not too much more in terms of `` well , I never ! `` , but Monday 's EGS : NP was already pretty much at the limit of what I 'm comfortable with , and there are ideas I like that go past that by just enough for me to say `` ehhhhhh that really should n't be in the archives ... ''
That said , I 'm considering options for posting such things elsewhere , which would probably just mean another blog on Tumblr and more posts on Patreon . I 'll let everyone know if that becomes a reality .
Could mead hold the secrets to a good sex life ?
Newly-weds were encouraged to drink mead every night for one lunar month after they tied the knot .
The fruits of their so-named honeymoon would then appear nine months later , in the form of a bouncing baby .
Sex life
Now scientists at the Royal Society of Chemistry in London are setting out to determine whether there is any truth in the ancient myth that mead is , indeed , the key to a healthy sex life .
Researchers are seeking the help of prospective honeymooners willing to drink mead every evening for 30 days after they exchange their vows .
Mead was believed to increase virility and fertility
Dr Claire McLoughlin
They will select one couple who will be asked to keep a nightly record of the effects or otherwise of the ancient brew .
The findings will be published in November to coincide with UK Chemistry Week , which will highlight the role of chemistry in daily life .
The society has already placed an order for a dozen bottles of mead to help the couple on their way .
Mead is an alcoholic liquor made by fermenting a mixture of honey and water .
The drink has its roots in Babylon more than 4,000 years ago . While popular with newly-weds , it was also hailed by soldiers who poured it on wounds in the belief it helped them to heal more quickly .
`` Mead was not just drunk as a wine but was believed to have magical powers revitalising and healing , '' said Jerome Schooler , who runs Britain 's largest mead maker , Lurgashall Winery in Sussex .
`` As a result of this , Mead was the elixir to prolong life . People thought if they drank it they would be immortal . ''
Researchers at the Royal Chemistry Society are hoping their study will unearth some of the science behind the myth .
`` There is some serious science in it , '' said Claire McLoughlin of the society .
`` Mead was believed to increase virility and fertility and as in many myths and legends there is a basis in science because mead is rich in B vitamins and also rich in amino acids which are the building blocks of protein so do increase stamina . ''
Couples who are interested in volunteering to take part in the study can email the society at emsleyb @ rsc.org
Hollywood has been trying to turn John Kennedy Toole 's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel A Confederacy of Dunces into a movie for 33 years ever since it was first published in 1980 . Various things have held up production of the film over the years , including the deaths of four of its potential stars , a lawsuit , and a devastating hurricane . Writers and directors like Harold Ramis , John Waters , Steven Soderbergh , and Stephen Fry have all come and gone , but let 's take a look now at eight actors who almost played the lead role of Ignatius J. Reilly at one point or another and what went wrong .
1 . John Belushi
As the movie industry 's resident heavyset funny guy at the time , John Belushi was the first choice for the part by Fox assistant producer Scott Kramer , who 's been working on getting this movie made on and off since 1980 and is still trying to put the wheels in motion today . Belushi was interested in the lead role when Kramer approached him . “ He loved it , ” recalls Belushi 's manager Bernie Brillstein in a 1999 piece on the oft-delayed movie in The Wall Street Journal . “ I 've never known a comedian who did n't want to be a dramatic actor. ” Belushi asked frequent SNL host Buck Henry , who 's also the Oscar-nominated screenwriter of The Graduate , if they wanted to work on the script . “ I actively voted against it , ” Henry tells WSJ . “ The book breaks down into two tones that do n't go together : wild social satire and Southern Gothic. ” Richard Pryor and Ruth Gordon were attached to co-star in the roles of Burma Jones and Irene Reilly , respectively , with Harold Ramis directing .
John Belushi passed away of a drug overdose in March of 1982 , two days before they were supposed to meet with Scott Kramer to discuss the movie . Five months later , the head of the Louisiana Film Commission , Jo Beth Bolton , was killed in a murder-suicide . They had been in talks to let Kramer film on location in New Orleans , but their death put the movie on hold .
2 . John Candy
After John Belushi died , an oil heir named John Langdon bought up rights to the book and considered Belushi 's Second City Theater comrade John Candy to play Ignatius . Langdon concluded that Candy was capable of playing crazy characters but was n't over-the-top enough for the role . “ John could act insane , but was n't , ” they explained .
3 . Jonathan Winters
Comedian Jonathan Winters was Langdon 's top choice for to star in Confederacy , but they soon decided Winters , who was 56 at the time , was too old to play 30-year-old Ignatius .
4 . Josh Mostel
Another actor considered for the part of Ignatius in 1982 was Broadway and movie actor Josh Mostel , who played the TV version of John Belushi 's Animal House character “ Bluto ” Blutarsky in the TV spinoff Animal House : “ Blotto ” Blutarsky . Says Maidee Walker , who was working on the screenplay at the time , “ I had lunch with every fat actor in Hollywood . ”
5 . Divine
Filmmaker John Waters attempted to adapt Confederacy in the 1980s with drag queen Divine in mind for the role of Ignatius . Here 's Waters talking to Best of New Orleans about the project :
“ It 'll never happen . How can a movie ever live up to that book ? So many people have tried to do it — when I tried to do it , it was when Divine was alive , and we wanted them to play the main part ( Ignatius Reilly ) . Some of the top directors in the world have tried to make that movie , and I do n't know if it 'll ever happen . Maybe it should n't . ”
6 . Chris Farley
When development on the movie started back up again in the 1990s , Chris Farley was eyed as a potential lead . “ He loved it , ” said Bernie Brillstein , who also managed Farley . While some of the producers were excited about getting Farley for the part , others were less enthused and doubted that they could play the overeducated Ignatius . Farley 's name was batted around for the role until their death in 1997 .
7 . John Goodman
New Orleans resident John Goodman was also considered for the part in the 1990s , according to Entertainment Weekly , but few details are known about their involvement beyond that .
8 . Will Ferrell
Will Ferrell was the closest actor to getting the movie made since Belushi 's passing , when in 2004 , they were reported to be attached and participated in a table read at the Nantucket Film Festival with the cast of the film and director David Gordon Green ( George Washington , Pineapple Express ) . The movie fell apart later that year , and David Gordon Green wrote this piece about it , as published by Roger Ebert :
“ To the disappointment of many of us , ‘ Dunces ' was put on hold last year . We had assembled the cast of my dreams ( Will Ferrell , Lily Tomlin , Mos Def , Drew Barrymore , Olympia Dukakis , etc . ) and I adopted New Orleans as my new home , but politics over the property rights – torn between Miramax , Paramount , and various camps of producers – put a weight on the project that was n't creatively healthy to work within. ” The draft of the script by Scott Kramer and Steven Soderbergh did the novel justice , and also provided a healthy cinematic spotlight for these eccentric characters , but it did n't cater to a lot of the clichés or conditioning of contemporary American studio sensibilities . So I suppose the difficulty was even beyond the political baggage and paperwork , and stemmed in many ways from the manner in which I wanted the film to be executed . I believe in the dramatic foundation and comedic highlights of these characters and am not interested in the cartoon version of obvious comedy that has often been pushed for . I have yet to develop a project within the studio system that has been made , for whatever stubborn resistance to compromise on my part with the machine … ” The history of the book and various efforts for a filmed version make an epic of their own . ( I would have loved to see the Harold Ramis-directed early ‘ 80s take with John Belushi , Ruth Gordon and Richard Pryor ) . My hope is that we get our paws on the flick , and Kramer writes their memoirs of the whole deal . ”
9 . Jack Black
Will Ferrell told The AV Club in a 2008 interview that Jack Black had been in talks for the part of Ignatius at one point . Black 's involvement in the movie was never announced or publicized , and Ferrell did n't mention if it occurred before or after they were attached to the part .
10 . Zach Galifianakis
Last summer , Vulture reported that Zach Galifianakis had been cast as the lead in Confederacy of Dunces , with director James Bobin ( Flight of the Conchords , The Muppets ) in talks and writer Phil Johnston ( Cedar Rapids ) penning the script . Bobin wound up signing on to direct the Muppets sequel , The Muppets… Again ! , putting this project on hold . There has n't been an update on it since the announcement of Galifianakis 's involvement last May , but it seems to still be in the works with Galifianakis attached .
After a whopping 33 years in development , A Confederacy of Dunces is n't any closer to being made than it was in 1980 , but with Zach Galfianakis attached , it could still end up happening someday . I 'll leave you with some quotes from various people who have worked on the movie over the years :
“ That was a heavy thing , though ; I thought ‘ Wow , if this happens , this is like a big one to bite off . ' The book is so talked-about that its fans are either going to be like ‘ They blew it , ' or ‘ Wow , great job ! ' ” - Will Ferrell , 2008 “ My final analysis of it is that Confederacy violated one of the basic bylaws of movie comedy , which the producer Michael Shamberg ( Ghost World and Pulp Fiction ) articulated . They said , ‘ Comedy works two ways . Either you have a normal person in an extraordinary situation or an extraordinary person in a normal situation . ' And Confederacy was about an extraordinary person in a series of extraordinary situations. ” - Harold Ramis , 2009 “ I do n't know what 's happening to it . I think it 's cursed . I 'm not prone to superstition , but that project has got bad mojo on it. ” - Steven Soderbergh , 2013
Several women have raised arms against Taliban militants and Islamic State ( IS ) loyalists in northern Jawzjan province of Afghanistan , officials said . Photographs of the women armed with assault rifles emerged on the social media websites as the majority of people endorse the courage of the women to form an uprising to resist against the militants who are desperately attempting to expand foothold in the northern parts of the country , Khaama Press reported on Monday . The “ uprising ” by women first took shape earlier in November last year in Darzab district .
Watch What Else Is Making News
The revolt was launched under the leadership of a female militia commander to stop the Taliban militants from seizing control of the strategic areas in this province , including Darzab district . The group led by a 53-year-old woman , Zarmina , has risen to 45 fighters . Earlier in 2014 , an Afghan woman killed at least 25 Taliban militants to avenge the murder of their son in western Farah province .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Comcast Corp may be best known as a cable company , but it is banking on remote-controlled door locks and cameras as well as other “ smart-home ” offerings to accelerate its growing home security business .
FILE PHOTO : A sign marks a Comcast facility in Lawrence , Massachusetts , U.S. January 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brian Snyder/File Photo
The push to diversify comes at a time when more U.S. consumers who are dropping traditional cable television packages , or cutting the cord , in favor of cheaper alternatives . Comcast and its rivals want to offer more services in the home to increase their revenues and create more loyal customers .
Comcast is already seeing traction at its Xfinity Home security service , which launched in 2012 . Subscribers have doubled to more than 1 million in the last two years , according to quarterly results released in July .
But selling security services to consumers , which Comcast says is more than a $ 9 billion market , is just part of the strategy .
The company is now turning to home automation - think standalone features such as cameras and thermostats that can be controlled remotely - for consumers who reside in apartments and condominiums .
The U.S. smart-home market , which encompasses devices ranging from door locks to sprinkler systems that can be programmed to various schedules , is expected to grow to $ 47 billion annually by 2020 , according to research firm Strategy Analytics .
Daniel Herscovici , senior vice president and general manager of Xfinity Home , told Reuters that the home security industry offered certain advantages such as low churn , or attrition , since consumers rarely switch providers unless they move . The cost of signing up customers is low since Comcast is able to sell to people who also subscribe to broadband and cable services .
The company first focused on home security because it was too early in 2012 to talk about connected devices , they said . Now it is also turning to automation .
“ We have n't reached anywhere near our full potential , ” they said in an interview .
Overall , the home security and automation market is a natural extension for broadband providers who are looking for additional ways to leverage its existing infrastructure and workforce to sell more services to new and existing customers . Comcast has said that 55 percent of Xfinity Home customers become new Comcast subscribers .
But Comcast and others still face a shrinking market in traditional pay-TV services . Six of the largest U.S. pay TV firms lost a total of 723,000 customers in the second quarter in what JPMorgan analysts called the industry 's worst every quarterly results during the period .
The big question for Comcast is whether a monthly subscription model - one that provides a recurring revenue stream beyond the initial sale of equipment - can take off in a market where consumers have the option of paying once for items like cameras without the extra perks that come with an additional fee , analysts said .
Comcast aims to find out with a pilot program in three markets to offer a video camera bundled with its Xfinity Internet for an additional $ 10 a month , a company spokesperson said . Customers can purchase up to six cameras for $ 99 each and then pay the monthly fee , which includes installation , cloud storage for video recordings and the ability to create and share video clips .
The offer is meant for condo owners and apartment dwellers who do n't need to full home security systems , but still want to keep an eye on where they live . If successful , the pilot will likely expand this year , a Comcast spokesperson said .
Vivint , a home automation company owned by Blackstone Group , says it has succeeded selling monthly service plans for $ 39.99 and $ 49.99 . The product includes features such as an app that allows consumers to control all smart-home functions from their phone , and professional monitoring that dispatches emergency services when needed and customer support .
Part of the appeal to the consumer is that they can select devices to be integrated into a single system via a curated platform , Vivint executives said .
According to Strategy Analytics , Comcast has roughly 10 percent of the market for interactive security , the category of home security that offers remote monitoring and arming of systems , compared to market leader ADT Corp 's 20 percent .
Comcast plans to get a bigger slice of that market share . In March , it bought out its supplier of home security equipment , IControl Networks Inc , for an undisclosed amount . The deal gives Comcast more control over research and development capabilities and provides it with a new revenue stream as a wholesaler to other companies in the market .
Blake Kozak , principal analyst at market research firm IHS , said Comcast has an advantage because it is already in the home , with services like a remote control that responds to voice commands and the X1 set-top box .
“ They have a lot of things going for them in terms of creating an ecosystem for the consumer and getting them to engage , ” they said .
After having some success with making an Xcode template , I thought it would be relatively easy make something similar for eclipse and Android . However , there was nothing but pain for me when I tried , so instead I 've decided to write this guide .
Prerequisites
There are quite a few prerequisites you need to organize before you can get things going . Android allows building from Windows , Mac and Linux . The procedures are quite similar , except that Windows requires some messing about with Cygwin binaries . The method described here avoids most of the Cygwin pain \- and the Google make sytem pain \- by avoiding the Google make sysem altogether .
Download and install the Android SDK . This is the Java tools and libraries required for building and debugging byte-code applications .
Download and install eclipse IDE . This is the IDE that runs the SDK – follow the instructions on the Android SDK page and install the Android plugins too .
Install the USB drivers for your device ( if required ) . For my device ( HTC Legend ) I found the drivers on the phone itself by using it as a thumb drive .
You should now be in a position to build some sample ( byte-code ) applications for your device .
Download the Android Native Development Kit . This allows you to build binary code for your device . Now for HXCPP , it is very important to download the latest build provided at Crystax.net , which is a build done by a generous community member that corrects some of the glaring omissions of the official build , namely RTTI and exceptions . If it is all the same to you , extract it to c : /tools/android-ndk for Windows , and ~/tools/android-ndk for other systems , and this will make the remaining instructions easier .
to download the latest build provided at Crystax.net , which is a build done by a generous community member that corrects some of the glaring omissions of the official build , namely RTTI and exceptions . If it is all the same to you , extract it to c : /tools/android-ndk for Windows , and ~/tools/android-ndk for other systems , and this will make the remaining instructions easier . Currenly on Windows , you need the svn version of HXCPP ( slightly newer that 2.06.1 ) which has some include path fixes . See the instructions at http : //code.google.com/p/hxcpp/ for getting the latest version .
Also on Windows , you need the Cygwin dlls in your path . One way to do this is to install the whole Cygwin toolchain and put it in your path . The other way so to drop the two dlls from cygwin-extra.tgz into the ndk binary directory , ie c : /tools/android-ndk/build/prebuilt/windows/arm-eabi-4.4.0/bin .
Project structure
An android project consists several components that all work together .
Java Code . The Java code provided in the sample project comes from a couple of places . Because the project is graphics based , the copy NME Java code is included . If the version of NME increases , it may be desirable to update the NME code , either by copying the new code in , or instead linking to the NME code directly . Also , the HXCPP bootstrap Java code is included along with a small Activity wrapper file .
Native code . The shared object files provide native code for running on the device . These include the standard libraries , the NME library and the haxe code compiled with hxcpp .
AndroidManifest.xml . This controls how your application is deployed , and quite a few things can be done with this file . It is best to consult the Android documentation about what can be done here .
Resources & Assets . These can be useful if you want to add standard menus or other GUI elements to your application .
The basic workflow starts by making a change to your haxe source files . You then compile the haxe code to Android cpp , which is in turn is compiled to an android shared object . This .so file is then copied to the libs/armeabi directory in the project . Because eclipse does not recognize a change to the shared objects as a important update , it is then necessary to touch one of the Java files so that eclipse rebuilds the project . These steps are handled by the build_haxe batch/shell scripts provided with the project , so all you should have to do is change the code and run the script . Then , press the “ play ” button in eclipse ( the first time you do this , you may need to specify Run-As Android Project ) and your application should launch .
The haxe code included in the sample directory uses a fixed class name , AndroidMain , as the bootstrap point for building the haxe shared object , libAndroidMain.so . By fixing these names , the build script is simplified . I encourage you to put your main code for the application outside the provided project directory , and edit the AndroidMain.hx and build.hxml files to point to this external application code . This will help with cross-platform development , and keep the boiler-plate code separate from your precious source code .
Creating a New Project
I could not find a very nice way to make a project template , so this is what I 've come up with . First , download and extract the example project , android-2.06.1.tgz . You may like to rename the parent directory from android-2.06 to something more meaningful at this stage .
At this point , you should be able to build the sample haxe code using the build-scripts provided . This requires your prerequisite installations to be good , so it is worth testing . If you have downloaded the android-ndk to a different location , you can edit the appropriate build script to reflect this . You will need the latest NME code from haxelib . Windows users may also need the svn version of HXCPP .
So that all worked ? Congratulations , your system is set up for development .
Next , fire up eclipse , and create a “ File – New Project .. ” , then select “ Android Project ” , then select “ Create project from existing source ” , and browse to your newly created directory . You will notice that down the bottom of the Dialog , the properties are filled out with names from the sample project – we will change these next . Once you select “ Finish ” , your project should be created , and ready to run on your device .
The project and package names are tied into Java and Android naming conventions , as well as the Android manifest , and can be difficult to budge . It is easiest to use the eclipse Refactor-Rename menu option to change the name from “ MyActivity ” to something more appropriate for you , say “ CircleDisplay ” . Then in the source tree under “ src ” , there is a file in com.company called “ MyActivity.Java ” . Select this , and use the menu option to change its name to “ CircleDisplay ” too . Similarly , select the “ com.company ” and change this to something else , in my case “ com.gamehaxe ” ( select preview and agree to everything ) . There is one final change required – the refactor option misses a reference in the AndroidManifest.xml because it starts with a period . Double click this and in the “ AndroidManifest.xml ” tab , change the “ .MyActivity ” to “ .CircleDisplay ” .
It is important to rename these items because it effects how your application is ultimately stored in the device .
So now you should be good to go – press the play button and select “ Android Project ” .
There are quite a few things that can go wrong with so many things to install , so I 've got my fingers crossed for you .
The Outer Richmond 's Balboa Theater has survived the Great Depression , multiple earthquakes and gentrification , but last month , it reduced some of its programming , citing declining attendance .
Although money remains tight , owner Adam Bergeron is now optimistic about their plans for keeping the venerable cinema in operation , they told Hoodline .
`` The Balboa is a meeting place for this community , '' they said , describing it as `` a church of the cinema , where our costumers come to have a shared experience that they ca n't get anywhere else . ''
Ever since it screened its first picture in 1926 , `` the Balboa magic is such a huge part of this community , '' they said . `` It 's the way you used to go to the movies . You can bring your 90-year-old mom or your three-year-old , and it 's not overwhelming . ''
This week , a small but steady stream of patrons are buying tickets for Blade Runner 2049 , its current attraction .
Vintage movie posters in the lobby . | Photo : David-Elijah Nahmod/Hoodline
Bergeron said they feel a strong connection to the area and derives great pleasure from being the only theater to serve the community .
`` This is one of the last working-class neighborhoods in the city , '' they said . `` It 's relatively unchanged . When a new business comes in , they settle in . ''
Competing with multiplexes is a tall order , but Bergeron said they and their staff but offer a personal touch that ca n't be replicated by corporate-owned theater chains .
The theater 's Art Deco light fixtures evoke the past . | Photo : David-Elijah Nahmod/Hoodline
On October 19th the theater is staging a special benefit show with four live bands , as well as art , zines and a raffle drawing . Managers Eva Treadway and Chloe Jinnever said they hope the evening 's entertainment will help them forge a stronger bond with patrons .
`` I grew up in the neighborhood , '' said Treadway . `` It 's a community-based place , a safe haven to hang out with friends . My co-workers are my extended family . ''
Jinnever pointed out that there are n't many live music venues in the Outer Richmond . `` A lot of the people in the bands either work here or come here , '' they said .
She 's is also the brain behind the theater 's ongoing Rewind Wednesday series , which exhibits movies on VHS cassettes . `` VHS is not pristine , '' they said . `` It 's nostalgic . I get my prints from Ebay , from thrift stores—before the movie I play 90s cartoons that I recorded off TV . There 's also trivia and prizes . ''
This has been a hard year for theatrical exhibitors , with even industry giant AMC Theaters taking a financial hit , said Bergeron .
Davenzane Hayes , a manager and projectionist , said paying careful attention to programming and customers ' needs will keep venues like the Balboa afloat .
Chloe Jinnever and Davenzane Hayes . | Photo : David-Elijah Nahmod/HOODLINE
`` Every moment , decision , and screening counts , '' they said .
`` Unlike at one of the larger multiplexes , at the Balboa you 're not an invisible part of the process . I get costumers coming up to me and thanking me and the staff for our working and making the show possible , '' Hayes added .
Though Bergeron said the future is looking bright , keeping the theater operational will always be a struggle .
`` In the best of times we 'll barely hang on , and that 's OK , '' they said . `` We 'll make it by picking the right movies , by not missing great specialty movies and by being friendly . ''
Just then , Bergeron broke away from the interview to exchange greetings with a customer they recognized by name .
`` It 's about people spreading the word , '' said Treadway . `` I want my friends coming here for forty years . ''
The most loved sitcom is all set to bid farewell on Monday and fans have already started missing their favourite show before the finale .
The finale episode of How I Met Your Mother 'Last Forever ' will air on 31 March and it will reveal whether the Mother is alive or not and whether Ted and Robin got married by 2030 .
No matter what , Ted 's journey of finding 'The One ' will finally end and emotional fans will say goodbye to their favourite characters with a heavy heart .
Meanwhile , the lead casts of the popular sitcom including Neil Patrick Harris , Alyson Hannigan , Jason Segel , Josh Radnor and Cobie Smulders and the show creators recorded a special thank-you video for loyal fans and it will be aired before the final episode of How I Met Your Mother .
Here are some of the best love quotes by Ted Mosby , who always believed in true love and it took nine seasons before they could find their soul mate .
`` But love does n't make sense . You ca n't logic your way into or out of it . Love is totally nonsensical . But we have to keep doing it , or else we 're lost and love is dead and humanity should just pack it in . Because love is the best thing we do . '' —Ted Mosby , How I Met Your Mother Season 9 , Episode 22 .
`` Here 's the secret kids . None of us can vow to be perfect . In the end all we can do is promise to love each other with everything we 've got . Because love is the best thing we do . '' — Ted Mosby , How I Met Your Mother Season 9 , Episode 22 .
`` You will be shocked when you discover how easy it is in life to part ways with people forever . That 's why when you find someone you want to keep around , you do something about it . '' —Ted Mosby , How I Met Your Mother Season 9 Episode 21 : `` Gary Blauman ''
`` Actually , there is a word for that . It 's love . I 'm in love with her , okay ? If you 're looking for the word that means caring for someone beyond all rationality and wanting them to have everything they want no matter how much it destroys you , its love ! And when you love someone y-you just do n't stop . Ever '' . —Ted Mosby - How I Met Your Mother , Season 9 , Episode 17 .
`` When you love someone you just , you ... you do n't stop . Ever . Even when people roll their eyes or call you crazy . Even then . Especially then . You just- you do n't give up because if I could give up ... If I could just , you know , take the whole world 's advice and- and move on and find someone else , that would n't be love . That would be ... That would be some other disposable thing that is not worth fighting for . But that is not what this is . '' — Ted Mosby , How I Met Your Mother Season 9 , Episode 17
Meanwhile fans posted emotional tweet as their Monday favorite show is ending . Check the tweets here .
Today is the Series Finale of How I Met Your Mother . I have n't been this sad about a show going off the air since Friends . — Law Momma ( @ lawmomma77 ) 31 March , 2014
The last episode of How I Met Your Mother is on tonight , tears will be shed . — Lexie Morin ( @ morin_lexie ) 31 March 31 , 2014
I 'm sad that after tonight there will be no more `` How I Met Your Mother . '' But I 'm sure the finale will be legen ... wait for it ... dary ! — Christopher Koles ( @ chriskoles ) 31 March 31 , 2014
The amount of stress I have over the How I Met Your Mother finale is not normal . I 'm not going to be able to function today . # HIMYMFarewell — Rachel B Wiley ( @ rachelsydney329 ) 31 March , 2014
With all the seamline issues dealt with ( except for the back wings which come last ) it was time to tackle the only really new thing with this build the extra feathers .
In my first Wing Zero Custom build I made some extra feathers out of pla plate with varying levels of success but this time the client wanted to use the standard third-party feather set . This feather set has been online for like a decade and I have always wanted to take a look at it and see if it was worth a purchase . The set is basically 2 thin sheets of pla plate with lightly etched feather shapes that you have to finish cutting out then glue to the wings . It 's pretty bare bones and is priced accordingly by some , unfortunately the thinness of the plastic makes it feel like paper making it very fragile .
After painting the kit in for the most part out of box colors I masked and sealed the back wings and finished the paint job . Some panel lining and decals later it was time to apply weathering to my second kit in a row .
The client wanted it weathered but not as much as the Lupus was , so I basically did what I did with the Lupus but in a much more controlled and delicate way . Still I was a bit sad to dirt up the wings I took so much time to paint well .
24793
Das `` Entenhausener Gesetzbuch '' : Anspruch und Rechtswir­k­lich­keit in Enten­hausen von Tobias Lutzi 30.09.2017 © 2017 Disney , Egmont
`` Das Standardwerk zum Thema Recht und Gesetz in Entenhausen '' ? Für Tobias Lutzi ist das `` EGB '' eher zaghafter Systematisierungsversuch als umfassende Kodifizierung der komplexen Rechtswirklichkeit der Metropole an der Gumpe .
Anzeige
Gleich in seinem ersten Auftritt als Hauptfigur einer Comicgeschichte ( in Only a Poor Old Man ) hätte Dagobert Duck um ein Haar sein gesamtes , bekanntlich beachtliches Barvermögen durch einen juristischen Trick an die Panzerknacker AG verloren . Diese hatte den riesigen Berg Geld durch einen Sabotageakt kurzerhand auf ein von ihr erworbenes Grundstück umgeleitet und damit `` nach dem geltenden Wasser- und Seerecht '' das Eigentum an ihm erworben . `` Wozu leben wir in einem Rechtsstaat ? '' fragt Donald daraufhin entsetzt . `` Du kennst die Rechtslage nicht , lieber Donald '' , entgegnet Dagobert resigniert .
Schon hier zeigen sich die Unwägbarkeiten der von Individualismus , richterlicher Unabhängigkeit und einer besonderen Bedeutung des Grundeigentums geprägten Rechtsordnung Entenhausens . Letztere wird uns zudem nur schlaglichthaft , durch einzelne Erwähnungen in Geschichten zahlloser unterschiedlicher Zeichner und Autoren der Micky Maus , der Lustigen Taschenbücher und anderer einschlägiger Publikationen vermittelt .
Die Darstellung dieser komplexen Rechtsordnung , der Dagobert , Donald , und die übrigen Bewohner Entenhausens unterworfen sind , im `` Entenhausener Gesetzbuch '' ( EGB ) ist vor diesem Hintergrund ein mutiges Unterfangen . Es reiht sich ein in die jüngere Praxis des Egmont-Verlags , ältere sowie bisher in Deutschland unveröffentlichte Entencomics nach Sachthemen zusammen zu stellen und im Hardcover neu aufzulegen . Tatsächlich haben die Herausgeber des EGB , dessen Cover sich in bestens getroffener dtv/Beck-Anmutung präsentiert , weder Kosten noch Mühen gescheut : Die elf für den Band ausgewählten Geschichten aus Entenhausen werden ergänzt durch ein mehrseitiges Vorwort und zahlreiche Anmerkungen . Doch obwohl die Macher sich dafür auf die Autorität keines geringeren als des von Entenurvater Carl Barks selbst geschaffenen Justizrats Juxenburg berufen , sind ihnen bei der Darstellung des Entenhausener Rechts einige schwere Fehler unterlaufen .
Sam & Max developer Telltale Games has five new games to announce , one of which could be based on zombie comic and TV series The Walking Dead , reports suggest .
According to an invitation received by 1Up , Telltale Games will unveil five new multi-platform projects at an event in San Francisco on 17th February .
One of them is described by Telltale as being `` based on a just-launched property from the TV and comic book world whose popularity is changing life as some know it . ''
The Walking Dead comic series written by Robert Kirkman and recently adapted into a TV series by Shawshank Redemption director Frank Darabont seems to fit that description rather well . And considering Telltale 's recent spate of movie tie-ins , such a project would jive nicely with its current MO .
We 've requested comment from the developer , whose thoroughly enjoyable Back to the Future adaptation launched on PC last month , and will update if it chooses to confirm or deny .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders sued the Democratic National Committee in federal court on Friday to regain access to crucial voter files and accused party leaders of trying to undermine their White House bid and help rival Hillary Clinton .
U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders speaks at the Communication Workers of America ( CWA ) office in Washington December 17 , 2015 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
The DNC had blocked access to the voter data after a Sanders campaign staffer improperly accessed Clinton 's voter files , but the Sanders campaign said the breach was accidental and fired the staffer .
The lawsuit in U.S. District Court accused the DNC of improperly suspending the campaign 's access to voter data and sought immediate restoration of the access .
The uproar in the campaign for the November 2016 election came one day before a debate between the presidential rivals , fueling rising tensions and longstanding complaints from Sanders and their liberal allies that the DNC is trying to help Clinton , particularly by limiting the number of debates and scheduling them on low-viewership periods like Saturday nights .
“ In this case it looks like they are trying to help the Clinton campaign , ” Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver said at a news conference , accusing the DNC of taking the Sanders campaign “ hostage . ”
“ We need our data , which has been stolen by the DNC . That 's what we want back , ” Weaver said .
The Sanders campaign said the breach of the confidential files , which contain information such as past voting and donation history , was an isolated incident and blamed it on the DNC 's software vendor , Washington-based NGP VAN , which the campaign said has dropped the firewall between the various Democratic candidates ' data more than once .
But the Clinton campaign was informed the Sanders staff breached Clinton data in 25 searches by four different accounts , and the data was saved in Sanders campaign accounts , Clinton campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon said .
“ We are asking that the Sanders campaign and the DNC work expeditiously to ensure that our data is not in the Sanders campaign 's account , ” Fallon said .
DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz defended the punishment against Sanders in a CNN interview , saying their campaign had acted in an “ inappropriate , unacceptable ” manner and had downloaded the information .
“ To get to the bottom of it we are going to ask the Sanders campaign to participate in an independent audit , ” they said . “ I hope they will agree to that . ”
The incident comes at a bad time for Sanders , the U.S. senator from Vermont who is trying to stop the heavily favored Clinton from running away with the party 's 2016 presidential nomination . Sanders has been lagging behind Clinton , with 29 percent support to their 60 percent in recent Reuters/Ipsos polling .
Sanders , Clinton and a third candidate , former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley , will debate at St. Anselm College in Manchester , New Hampshire , on Saturday night .
Stu Trevelyan , chief executive officer of DNC software vendor NGP VAN , acknowledged the breach in a statement but said their company is not aware of any previous reported incidents of data being “ inappropriately available. ” They called the breach a “ brief isolated issue ” that was fixed and is now being reviewed .
According to their LinkedIn account , Trevelyan is a former campaign and White House staffer for Hillary Clinton 's husband , former President Bill Clinton .
Josh Uretsky , the Sanders campaign staffer fired for accessing the voter file , told MSNBC that their intent was to document and understand the scope of the problem so it could be reported .
“ To my knowledge , we did not export any records or voter file data that were based on those scores , ” they said .
Sanders supporters were outraged by the DNC 's response to the breach .
“ I think the DNC 's crossed the line and it 's going to open up a whole new part in the campaign season , ” said RoseAnn DeMoro , executive director of National Nurses United , a liberal group that endorsed Sanders . “ I think this is a gloves-off moment . ”
Another liberal group , Democracy for America , rushed to Sanders ' defense .
“ The Democratic National Committee 's decision to attack the campaign that figured out the problem , rather than go after the vendor that made the mistake , is profoundly damaging to the party 's Democratic process , ” said Charles Chamberlain , Democracy for America 's executive director .
They said DNC leaders “ should immediately reverse this disturbing decision before the committee does even more to bring its neutrality in the race for president into question . ”
Implementing Pure Functions Functional programming enthusiasts have long understood the benefits of pure functions — excellent encapsulation , low cognitive load , threadsafe , and so on .
A while back , I wrote an article explaining how the D programming language 's `` pure '' annotation could be applied to functions . A pure function does what you 'd expect — the compiler enforces purity of the function . The function may not have any side effects , may not rely on any mutable data , and is statically checkable .
Functional programming enthusiasts have long understood the benefits of pure functions — excellent encapsulation , low cognitive load , threadsafe , and so on . Pure functions have gained popularity among the D programming community as well . Good D style encourages the use of pure functions whenever practical .
But there 's a problem .
Pure functions can only call other pure functions . One might say `` it 's turtles all the way down . '' Now , suppose we 've got a rather deep call chain of pure functions calling pure functions , and we suspect a bug lurks in the deepest , darkest one of them sitting in bottom of the sump pump in the basement .
What 's the first tool many of us grab ? Stick a print statement in it to verify that the function is actually being called , and what it 's arguments are , such as :
import std.stdio ; pure int square ( int x ) { writefln ( `` square ( % d ) '' , x ) ; return x * x ; }
Uh-oh . The compiler means it when it checks for function purity :
test.d ( 5 ) : Error : pure function 'square ' can not call impure function 'writefln '
Let 's examine the options :
Remove the pure annotation . That will enable square ( ) to successfully compile , but then every pure function that calls square ( ) will now fail to compile . The `` turtles all the way down '' now becomes `` turtles all the way up '' as you are forced to remove the pure attribute from the entire function call graph . Clearly , this is very unappealing . D has an all-purpose escape from type checking — the cast . Casting is a blunt instrument used to get us out of all kinds of jams :
import std.stdio ; int square_debug ( int x ) { writefln ( `` square ( % d ) '' , x ) ; return x * x ; } pure alias int function ( int ) fp_t ; pure int square ( int x ) { auto fp = cast ( fp_t ) & square_debug ; return ( * fp ) ( x ) ; }
The pure function is split into two , and the impure one is bashed into submission by forcibly casting it to be pure . The best face we can put on this is that it works and gets the job done .
But I hate it .
D is meant to be a joy to work with , and there 's no joy in this . It 's time to think of a language modification .
In a functional programming language , using monadic output for debugging messages may be the right choice . But D does not use monadic I/O , preferring straight calls to I/O functions . Leaving the debate of which is better to philosophers , let me just assert that monads should not be necessary for taking care of this small matter in D .
Programmers just want to stick the print statement in and have it work despite it being impure . How can we accommodate that , yet still be pure ? Is there anything in D that can be pressed into service for this ?
Yes . D has something called a debug statement . Debug statements are regular statements prefixed with the keyword debug . They are compiled only when the -debug switch is passed to the compiler . With a simple change to the language , we can disable purity checking inside a debug statement . So , to make our original example compile :
import std.stdio ; pure int square ( int x ) { debug writefln ( `` square ( % d ) '' , x ) ; return x * x ; }
Simple , easy , and it works . The compiler otherwise still treats the function as pure , so depending on the situation , the user may see a variable number of writes . This is because the compiler is allowed to cache the result of pure functions , or on the contrary to call them repeatedly .
Some uneasiness about this is understandable . After all , it is breaking purity . The rationale is that debug code is not production code . It 's reasonable to be able to break the rules as necessary for debugging . Of course , the onus is on the programmer to not introduce a heisenbug ( where the program works when compiled with -debug and fails without ) .
Thanks to Andrei Alexandrescu , Brad Roberts , David Held , and Bartosz Milewski for their helpful comments and corrections on this post .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would prefer to stay in Europe this season , LA Galaxy president Chris Klein says , though the MLS club still have an interest in signing them in the future .
The Galaxy this week completed the signing of Jonathan dos Santos as the club 's third designated player , a move that would rule out signing any more expensive star players while he , their brother Giovani dos Santos and French winger Romain Alessandrini are still with the club .
But asked about LA 's long-reported interest in Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who will be sidelined until the new year by a knee injury , Klein said the Galaxy 's `` doors are open . ''
`` We have an incredible relationship with Zlatan and their agent . They love our club , and they love L.A. , '' Klein said on Friday . `` We have an interest in him . I think , for now , they want to stay in Europe .
`` Our doors are open for a player like that . We have rights to them in our league . We 'll see where that goes . ''
Ibrahimovic , who scored 28 goals for Manchester United last season , is a free agent but is still using the Premier League club 's facilities in their rehabilitation from injury .
Coach Jose Mourinho said this week the only reason United bought Romelu Lukaku this summer was because they `` can not allow ourselves to be without an important , strong striker for the first six months of the season '' -- suggesting they expected Ibrahimovic to sign a new deal in the winter .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is unlikely to recover from their injury until 2018 . Matthew Ashton - AMA/Getty Images
Sources told ESPN FC in March that they Galaxy had made an offer for Ibrahimovic , but with their future still uncertain , Klein said the Galaxy plan to build around the three DPs they currently have .
`` It gives us a core that we can build around , and it gives us tremendous flexibility as well , '' Klein said . `` We 're very happy with Jonathan , Giovani , and Romain . We feel like we can build pieces around them for a long time .
`` There are a number of twists and turns and players to talk to some of the conversations are true and some are not true . Jonathan is a player that we have been after for a long time . We made an offer in January and the club decided to keep him . Fortunately for us , we 're excited to him . ''
The Galaxy added Dos Santos on a transfer from Villarreal on Thursday , coincidentally finalising the long-gestating deal a few hours after firing coach Curt Onalfo and hiring Sigi Schmid .
`` I came here because it 's a great opportunity for me to grow , '' Dos Santos said . `` It 's a great opportunity for me to play with my brother , and I 'm happy to be able to play with him .
`` It 's always been a dream of ours to play together and to make history in a team like the LA Galaxy . This is the best organization in Major League Soccer . My objective is to win titles and to be a figure for this team and the league . ''
The Galaxy have been pursuing Jonathan ever since they acquired Giovani , even making a bid that was rejected by Villarreal in January . LA finally reached a deal that included a raise for the younger brother , although Jonathan said money was n't a factor in their decision .
`` This league is growing a lot , '' Dos Santos said . `` There are a lot of great players already here , and I want that competition to continue . To be here does n't mean that my level of play will decrease . I 'll continue to work hard and grow as a player . ''
The Galaxy have won just six of their first 20 games , but Onalfo released a statement about their firing on Twitter on Friday night , claiming they were `` sometimes very unfair scrutiny '' despite having so many injured and unavailable players .
Rocket Lab engineers have started analysing data from yesterday 's historic launch from the Mahia Peninsula that took the company to space but not able to complete its orbital mission .
Lift-off at 4.20pm was the first orbital-class rocket launched from a private launch site in the world
New Zealand became the 11th country with potential to launch cargo into space , joining superpowers and tech heavyweights . The Government hailed the lift-off as a major milestone for the country 's space industry .
Rocket Lab rocket launching from Mahia Peninsula . Photo / Warren Buckland
The rocket took three minutes to reach space with a `` great '' first stage burn , stage separation , second stage ignition and fairing separation .
Advertisement
`` We did n't quite reach orbit and we 'll be investigating why , however reaching space in our first test puts us in an incredibly strong position to accelerate the commercial phase of our programme , '' said founder and chief executive Peter Beck .
During the next few weeks , Rocket Lab 's engineers in Los Angeles and Auckland will work through the 25,000 data channels that were collected during the flight and results will be used to improve the vehicle 's performance for two further tests .
The programme must make it to orbit and able to deploy small satellites to be commercially successful and while one expert said there would be some disappointment , Beck rated yesterday a big success .
`` We 're one of a few companies to ever develop a rocket from scratch and we did it in under four years . To get as far as we did on the first test flight does n't often happen , '' they said .
`` It was a beautiful mission to watch . ''
They gave the flight a `` 10 our of 10 '' and a big party was held last night at the company 's operations base near Auckland Airport . It is registered in the United States where it also has operations .
Many test rockets do n't make it off the launch pad or blow up in flight but Beck said their company had prepared meticulously .
There had been more ground testing than was usually done and it had paid off with yesterday 's flight .
`` New Zealand has genuinely joined the space industry for here on . ''
Kris Walsh , former project manager at United Launch Alliance and former director of all Nasa launch programmes overnight congratulated Beck and said it appeared the company had data to assess all aspects of the flight .
'' Although it is disappointing that the launch did n't achieve orbit , the next actions of Rocket Lab are very important to watch , especially for Rocket Lab 's current and future customers . ''
The 17m tall rocket - with a silver fern on its nose and a US flag near its tail - lifted slowly from the launch pad before accelerating and was packing an estimated one million horsepower .
Forty-year-old Beck is a hands-on engineer , they were raised in Invercargill and founded Rocket Lab in 2006 .
The Electron rocket on the Mahia launch pad . Photo / Supplied
The Electron is made entirely of carbon-composite material and is designed to carry payloads of 225kg to an elliptical orbit and up to 150kg to a nominal 500km Sun-synchronous , low Earth orbit .
Three planned launches earlier this week were scrubbed .
Last year , the United States-based Space Foundation estimated the space economy was worth close to $ 400b a year but Rocket Lab - which has been hit by delays - approaches the small satellite market just as it is becoming increasingly crowded by other private players .
Economic Development Minister Simon Bridges has hailed the launch as the first visible sign of a space industry in New Zealand .
Rocket Lab and all New Zealanders could be proud of it , they said .
`` New Zealand is now one of 11 countries able to launch satellites into space from their own territory and the first to launch from a fully private orbital launch range . ''
While it can draw on up to $ 25m of Government funding over five years , Rocket Lab 's main backers include US companies Kholsa Ventures , Beesemer Venture Partners , Data Collective , Promus Ventures , Lockheed Martin and Stephen Tindall 's K1W1 .
The Budget has set aside $ 15m over the next four years to fund the Ministry of Business , Innovation and Employment 's part in New Zealand 's burgeoning space programme .
Frame grab of the first successful launch of Rocket Lab from Mahia today . Photo / Twitter / @ TheRocketGal
Dr George Sowers , an independent consultant , former chief scientist and vice-president of United Launch Alliance , a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing , said before the launch that it was a sign of the vibrancy of the commercial space sector at the present time .
`` It is another entrant into the small payload launch market which has been tough for commercial companies to succeed in . It certainly represents a first for New Zealand . ''
They said while Rocket Lab had some interesting technology , such as the electric pump-driven engine and embraced the state-of-the-art manufacturing technologies , the small payload launch market made it extremely difficult for commercial companies to make a profit .
This week we have returning as our guest R.K. Hendrick who will be talking exclusively about child support and what every man needs to know about it .
We will be covering the corruption in the family court system as well as the real motivations behind the “ best interest of the child ” and “ primary care giver doctrines . ”
This will be the second broadcast using Live365 and still will not be able to take callers over the phones . But if you have either James Huff or Robert O'Hara on your Skype contacts please feel free to call in that way .
This is the final show of AVFM News and Activism . Tune in tonight for a special announcement of what 's to come in this time slot in the future , and with the news department in general !
The show starts at 8PM Central Time right here .
Described a secret meeting when plans were made to take back
Russian President Vladimir Putin has described a secret meeting with officials last year when Russia decided it would take Crimea — the Black Sea region that Moscow annexed from Ukraine last March .
In a trailer for an upcoming documentary , shown on state-owned television late Sunday , Putin said that they met with security officials in February to make plans for saving Ukraine 's then-President Viktor Yanukovych , who fled power after months of pro-European protests in the Ukrainian capital .
'We got ready to get them right out of Donetsk by land , by sea or by air , ' they said . 'Heavy machine guns were mounted there so that there would n't be much discussion about it . '
Scroll down for video
Russian president Vladimir Putin , who has described a secret meeting with officials last year when Russia decided it would take Crimea
Putin said that after the meeting they told the security chiefs that they would be 'obliged to start working to return Crimea to Russia . '
The minute-long trailer was overlaid with dramatic music and sweeping shots of the Crimean coast . The channel , Rossiya-1 , did not specify when the full film would be released .
The Kremlin originally denied that it had sent troops into Crimea , though Putin later announced on state television that Russian troops had been sent in . Yanukovych was safely on Russian soil by late February , when Russia 's military was establishing its presence in Crimea .
Putin said that they met with security officials in February to make plans for saving Ukraine 's then-President Viktor Yanukovych , pictured
The virtually bloodless seizure of Crimea - a Black Sea peninsula with an ethnic Russian majority and where Moscow has a naval base - was followed by a pro-Moscow insurgency in the east of Ukraine .
About 6,000 people have been killed in the fighting in eastern Ukraine . A fragile ceasefire , greed last month in Minsk , has largely held so far .
Western governments have condemned Russia 's intervention in Crimea as illegal , with the European Union and United States imposing sanctions on Moscow .
Ukrainian soldiers stand on top of an armoured personnel carrier in Berdianske . Western governments have condemned Russia 's intervention in Crimea as illegal
About 6,000 people have been killed in the fighting in eastern Ukraine . A fragile ceasefire , greed last month in Minsk , has largely held so far
Russian soldiers who took part have been given state medals with the citation 'For returning Crimea ' , which give the starting date of the operation as February 20 , before Yanukovich was ousted .
Novaya Gazeta , a newspaper often critical of Putin , published details last month of what it said was a document presented to the presidential administration some time between February 4 and 12 last year .
Can the first-team offense show any signs of life ?
In their first pre-season action together , both of the Vikings first-team offensive drives ended in punts . Something many did not want to see .
Sustaining drives , while also generating the ball down field is some check boxes that some want to see fulfilled . Getting points , whether it 's a field goal or even punching it into pay dirt is something else that others want to see in their matchup tonight against the Seattle Seahawks .
The teams offense has been one of its biggest weaknesses in previous seasons . There are many new parts on the depth chart , even a somewhat new play-caller in Pat Shurmur who will be in their first full season calling the shots , it may take some time to see success .
Will the offensive line learn from their Week 1 mistakes ?
After surrendering two sacks in the pre-season opener against the Buffalo Bills , will the offensive line learn from their previous technichal mistakes ?
With the addition of Riley Reiff , Mike Remmers , and moving up in the draft to select Pat Elflein , the unit was one of the biggest emphasis of the off-season . The first-team unit was underwhelming , but the five offensive lineman up front take time to develop chemistry amongst one another .
The second and third-team units played well . They consistently provided a clean pocket to Case Keenum and Taylor Heinicke . Rookies in Elflein and Danny Isidora shined , while the prized free agent addition of Remmers got off to a rough start in their Vikings debut .
We are still unsure of the status of Reiff 's back injury and if they will see any pre-season action before the Sept. 11 season opener vs. the New Orleans Saints .
Can the first-team run defense improve ?
Last week , there were a countless number of times where the first-team defense gave up significant gains in the running game . Whether it was Lesean McCoy or Tyrod Taylor , the run lanes seem to be easy to find .
Facing a QB who has the ability to create outside of the pocket and run when necessary has always seemed to be the teams the biggest defensive weakness .
Matched up against Russell Wilson tonight , keep an eye on how the defense adjusts to yet another signal-caller with similar traits .
Who from the 2017 draft class will continue to shine ?
Tashawn Bower — Arguably the biggest winner from the Vikings pre-season opener , Bower made their presence felt . Recording their first career NFL sack and consistently setting the edge against the run .
Bower has multiple tools that can be developed . Will they be able to continue to flash or will they come back down to Earth in Week 2 ?
All eyes will be on him .
Three Lions were among the top four highest graded edge defenders in the NFC North last week , but it was a Viking who led the way pic.twitter.com/DguzMaNiAh — Pro Football Focus ( @ PFF ) August 16 , 2017
Eric Wilson — After having a fantastic NFL debut , Wilson looks to continue to build on impressive showing from last week . They have generated a buzz after their early success , collecting eight tackles and being all over the field .
Wilson seems to already be the heartbeat of the second-team and they follow their lead . Tremendously good traits to see considering that they were an undrafted free agent .
Who will emerge in the specialist battle ?
The brewing punter and kicker battles have gone sort of under the radar at training camp , but things seem to be heating up . None of the competitors have separated themselves from one another .
Special teams coordinator Mike Priefer said in their Wednesday press conference that “ the kicking and punting competition is very even and it might play through all four pre-season games . ”
Bonus Thoughts
— Safety Andrew Sendejo has missed practice the entire week , meaning that second-year safety Jayron Kearse will most likely fill the void on the first-team in theirs absence .
With the first-team unit , it will be interesting to see how comfortable Kearse looks after standing out in the opener with the second-team defense .
— WR Laquon Treadwell returned to practice on Tuesday and reportedly took first-team reps. Hopefully the 2016 first-round selection will see their first action of the pre-season tonight .
— Alex Boone has been sidelined with what 's being called a knee injury . In practice this week , the first-team offensive line has consisted of an interior of Nick Easton ( left guard ) , Pat Elflein ( center ) and Joe Berger ( right guard ) .
— Episode 29 of the “ Climbing the Pocket ” podcast is live .
Topics include :
Game of Thrones
Adam Thielen
Jason Fitzgerald from OverTheCap.com
Seahawks/Vikings preview
Sam Bradford/Tyrod Taylor swap ?
Climbing The Pocket : Episode 29 [ Over The Cap ] https : //t.co/oRGyTxbWTX pic.twitter.com/QIVaJUHVhy — Climbing the Pocket ( @ Climb_ThePocket ) August 18 , 2017
For NFL news and draft analysis , follow J.R. on Twitter @ JReidDraftScout .
Advertisements
The Dutch Supreme Court issued its ruling in the Runescape theft case today . You can find the ruling here , and here 's a Google-translated version . The ruling cites to the work of Professor Arno Lodder ( who guest-blogged here ) , who has been keeping close tabs on the case , as well as to my book and to my work with Dan on virtual law & virtual crime .
One thing to bear in mind is that this case involved real violence and the theft of virtual goods . The victim was beaten and threatened with a ( real ) knife , with the defendants demanding they hand over a mask and an amulet within Runescape . As the court notes , the violence occurred outside of the context of the game . So at the very least , this was a case of criminal assault . The only issue was whether the crime amounted to theft , which hinged on whether or not the virtual items could be classified , under Dutch law , as goods .
The lawyer for the defendants argued that Runescape 's virtual items are not goods because they are not tangible and have no commercial value . The Dutch Supreme Court disagreed . Citing to the size of virtual economies as well as to specific sales on eBay of Runescape items , it rejected the argument that the goods had no economic value . It also observed that the victim had invested time and effort to obtain the value of the items , that the game gave them exclusive rights to the items , and that the defendants had , by violence , acquired that value and those exclusive rights from the victim .
In my opinion , the reasoning of the Dutch Supreme Court is roughly analogous to the reasoning in the U.S. decision of Kremen v. Cohen , which found that domain names were subject to civil conversion in California despite their intangible nature . Though I have mixed feelings about the Cohen case , I believe the recognition of the items as goods is the right result in this case . As the Court explains , the victims here were clearly motivated by the prospect of acquiring the virtual items of the victim and they used violence to obtain that value .
Additionally , as the Dutch Supreme Court explicitly notes , the violence here was not in the context of the game . As I explain in Chapter 6 of my book , there can be cases where legal prohibitions against in-game theft of virtual property may be in tension with the rules of a game . ( In essence , this is the question of the `` magic circle '' which we have discussed here for some time . ) In this case , however , the theft occurred completely outside the rules of Runescape . Given this , I think the Dutch Supreme Court 's recognition of the economic and status value of virtual items is entirely appropriate .
I may have more to say once I get a better translation of the ruling -- Google Translate is great to get the gist of the matter , but I have a feeling I 'm missing plenty of nuances .
Update : I should clarify that the cites mentioned above are actually contained in the AG 's opinion accompanying the Supreme Court decision . The Dutch Supreme Court apparently does not do cites in its opinions . The AG 's office is attached to the Supreme Court and offers advice to the court .
America 's sadness belt : Alarming map shows residents in South and Midwest are far more likely to be depressed , obese and hate their jobs
Advertisement
West Virginia is the saddest state in America - but its neighbors are n't much chirpier .
A new well-being ranking shows the United States has an alarming 'sadness belt ' in the South and Midwest where many residents are depressed , obese and disgruntled at work .
Kentucky , Mississippi and Tennessee scored almost as low as West Virginia in the annual Gallup poll , which looks at six categories including life evaluation , emotional health , work environment , physical health , healthy behaviors and basic access .
Sad : A new well-being ranking shows the United States has an alarming 'sadness belt ' in the South and Midwest , shown in red , where many residents are depressed , obese and disgruntled at work
West Virginia has taken bottom place on the well-being ranking for the fourth time in the poll 's five year history , and in 2008 it came second last .
Ohio and Indiana also performed poorly in 2012 's list and have hovered on the sadder side since 2008 .
In stark contrast , Americans living in Hawaii , Colorado and Minnesota rate themselves as being the most healthy and happy with their lives . Other states in the top well-being quintile include Utah , Vermont , Montana , Nebraska , New Hampshire , Iowa and Massachusetts .
Happy : In stark contrast , Americans living in Hawaii , Colorado and Minnesota , and other areas shown in green , rate themselves as being the most healthy and happy with their lives
AMERICA 'S TOP 10 SADDEST STATES
1 . West Virginia
2 . Kentucky 3 . Mississippi 4 . Tennessee 5 . Arkansas 6 . Alabama 7 . Ohio 8 . Louisiana 9 . Indiana 10 . Oklahoma
'Residents of these states rate their lives much better , today and in the future and have better emotional health , including much lower clinically diagnosed depression and daily sadness , ' the report states .
The 'happy ' states also have much lower obesity than other areas .
In additional , these areas have fewer residents struck down with illnesses including lifetime high blood pressure , diabetes and high cholesterol or have heart attacks and chronic physical pain .
But residents in the sadness belt are far more likely to hate their jobs , smoke significantly and exercise little or not at all .
New York State came in 30th place , according to the poll . It scored in the third quintile for life evaluation , physical health and basic access and in the second quintile for healthy behaviors . However , when it came to work environment , New York was amongst the worst .
Florida was placed 34th in the ranking , performing among the poorest for life evaluation , while California was number 18 on the well-being list , doing very well in the healthy behaviors category . Texas came 27th in total and scored in the top quintile for life evaluation .
Gallup quizzed between 910 and 32,189 people in each state from January 2 and December 30 , 2012 to get the interesting results .
The report gives lawmakers and other stakeholders valuable insights needed to improve health , increase productivity and lower heathcare costs .
[ D2L ] League Recap + Playoff Preview April 8th , 2013 00:46 GMT Text by Tephus Graphics by HawaiianPig
Table of Contents
League Recap
By Tephus
Playoff Preview
By Tephus
Playoff Poll
Follow D2L on
Liquipedia
Focus Mode
Turn off Focus Mode [ x ] Follow D2L on
D2L Season 2
Playoff Preview
With so many leagues drawing to a close these days , it would be easy to miss something like
TL writer Tephus has
Finally , by popular demand , we have a
League Recap By Tephus
With the last game having been played a few weeks ago , and the league taking place over a four month period ( and three separate balance patches ) , fans may wish to brush up on how the final teams came to be .
Featuring the top teams from the EU and NA regions , the group stage ended extremely tightly , including a three way tie . Due to the limited number of final qualifying spots , numerous high tier teams like No Tidehunter , Natus Vincere , and Virtus.pro were eliminated prior to the bracket stages . The D2L also saw the tragic fall of the mTw organisation and the disbandment of the remaining team , Redefining Madness , and possibly forecast the split of Team 3DMAX . On the other hand , the tournament started only days after Team Liquid was announced , and has been a great tournament to follow the team 's growth .
Empire claimed the top seed spot , impressively only dropping two matches in a pretty stacked league . With a three way tie in match scores between Dignitas , Fnatic.EU , and Team Liquid , the tie-breaking process was decided by total map wins and then by inter-team play . Let 's preview each team a little more in depth , going into the final bracket .
With the last game having been played a few weeks ago , and the league taking place over a four month period ( and three separate balance patches ) , fans may wish to brush up on how the final teams came to be.Featuring the top teams from the EU and NA regions , the group stage ended extremely tightly , including a three way tie . Due to the limited number of final qualifying spots , numerous high tier teams like No Tidehunter , Natus Vincere , and Virtus.pro were eliminated prior to the bracket stages . The D2L also saw the tragic fall of the mTw organisation and the disbandment of the remaining team , Redefining Madness , and possibly forecast the split of Team 3DMAX . On the other hand , the tournament started only days after Team Liquid was announced , and has been a great tournament to follow the team 's growth.Empire claimed the top seed spot , impressively only dropping two matches in a pretty stacked league . With a three way tie in match scores between Dignitas , Fnatic.EU , and Team Liquid , the tie-breaking process was decided by total map wins and then by inter-team play . Let 's preview each team a little more in depth , going into the final bracket .
Playoff Preview By Tephus
Empire
Empire are coming in fresh off of a disappointing showing in the Star Ladder finals on their home turf , managing just a single map win . On the other hand , just a couple weeks ago they took home first place in the CIS-only Techlabs Cup . These radical differences in play exemplify some of the inconsistency plaguing Empire over the past couple months . In The Defense , they came out of the group stages in first place , but did not manage to win a series in the large playoff bracket . Even their recent overall record shows this ; they have only won 3 of their last 10 , but the 15 games prior to that only include 2 losses .
Empire is clearly nowhere near showing the dominance they achieved a few months ago , and many people will attribute this to their recent roster shuffle . Moving Scandal to the offlane to make room for their famous fresh recruit , Vigoss , has also raised a few eyebrows . For Empire to see success here , Vigoss must once again display their historic ability to dominate a game , and all the other gears will need to return to their pre-shakeup form .
Signature Heroes :
Empire are coming in fresh off of a disappointing showing in the Star Ladder finals on their home turf , managing just a single map win . On the other hand , just a couple weeks ago they took home first place in the CIS-only Techlabs Cup . These radical differences in play exemplify some of the inconsistency plaguing Empire over the past couple months . In The Defense , they came out of the group stages in first place , but did not manage to win a series in the large playoff bracket . Even their recent overall record shows this ; they have only won 3 of their last 10 , but the 15 games prior to that only include 2 losses.Empire is clearly nowhere near showing the dominance they achieved a few months ago , and many people will attribute this to their recent roster shuffle . Moving Scandal to the offlane to make room for their famous fresh recruit , Vigoss , has also raised a few eyebrows . For Empire to see success here , Vigoss must once again display their historic ability to dominate a game , and all the other gears will need to return to their pre-shakeup form.Signature Heroes :
Fnatic
As recently as a month ago , Fnatic were in top form , displaying some of the strongest play in Europe . They won the DotaHut Invitational in convincing fashion , and came out undefeated in their The Defense groups . Even after their first round loss in The Defense , they managed to scrap their way through the loser 's bracket , only to lose in the finals by a single map . They are currently even holding on to second place in The Premier League .
Unfortunately , Fnatic have started to slip in the past month or so , dropping sets to top NA and EU teams . Most uncharacteristically , they were even eliminated early in the Ritmix RDL , not managing to win a single match . Luckily , their recent Achilles ' Heel of Virtus.pro , who has terrorized the squad by winning 5 of their last 6 meetings , will not be in attendance . They are also coming fresh off a second place finish in Starladder , perhaps a sign they are back in top form , and their poor results were only a blip . Also , with VP already out of the way , Fnatic may be able to cruise to a win here .
Signature Heroes :
As recently as a month ago , Fnatic were in top form , displaying some of the strongest play in Europe . They won the DotaHut Invitational in convincing fashion , and came out undefeated in their The Defense groups . Even after their first round loss in The Defense , they managed to scrap their way through the loser 's bracket , only to lose in the finals by a single map . They are currently even holding on to second place in The Premier League.Unfortunately , Fnatic have started to slip in the past month or so , dropping sets to top NA and EU teams . Most uncharacteristically , they were even eliminated early in the Ritmix RDL , not managing to win a single match . Luckily , their recent Achilles ' Heel of Virtus.pro , who has terrorized the squad by winning 5 of their last 6 meetings , will not be in attendance . They are also coming fresh off a second place finish in Starladder , perhaps a sign they are back in top form , and their poor results were only a blip . Also , with VP already out of the way , Fnatic may be able to cruise to a win here.Signature Heroes :
Team Liquid
Recently putting together an incredible winning streak , Liquid has received a lot of attention in the Dota world , but the last couple weeks have seen a few ups and downs . While they finished first in their group in the DreamHack Invitational , and are currently leading The Premier League , they did n't manage a single win in their EMS One group . Most recently , they finished 4th ( just out of the money ) in Ritmix , and reached second place in the second Eizo Cup .
Liquid has a good chance of finding success here , assuming they continue to play at their best . While they are not in the middle of a 20 match win streak any longer , they have still been performing well , and come into the finals with a good record recently versus Fnatic and Empire .
Signature Heroes :
Recently putting together an incredible winning streak , Liquid has received a lot of attention in the Dota world , but the last couple weeks have seen a few ups and downs . While they finished first in their group in the DreamHack Invitational , and are currently leading The Premier League , they did n't manage a single win in their EMS One group . Most recently , they finished 4th ( just out of the money ) in Ritmix , and reached second place in the second Eizo Cup.Liquid has a good chance of finding success here , assuming they continue to play at their best . While they are not in the middle of a 20 match win streak any longer , they have still been performing well , and come into the finals with a good record recently versus Fnatic and Empire.Signature Heroes :
Dignitas
While perhaps slumping over the past couple months , the return of Sneyking has appeared to revitalize the second NA Dota team in attendance , as Dignitas put on an extremely strong showing at the recent Ritmix Dota 2 League with a first place finish . Dignitas are also riding a seven match win streak into this event , which includes a win over their first round matchup Fnatic .
Should Dignitas continue to ride their current wave , they will be a scary opponent for any team coming against them . If for some reason some of the magic fades , they can still fall back on some very unique pocket strats which have earned them wins in the past .
Signature Heroes :
While perhaps slumping over the past couple months , the return of Sneyking has appeared to revitalize the second NA Dota team in attendance , as Dignitas put on an extremely strong showing at the recent Ritmix Dota 2 League with a first place finish . Dignitas are also riding a seven match win streak into this event , which includes a win over their first round matchup Fnatic.Should Dignitas continue to ride their current wave , they will be a scary opponent for any team coming against them . If for some reason some of the magic fades , they can still fall back on some very unique pocket strats which have earned them wins in the past.Signature Heroes :
Playoff Poll
Call the finals , and then come back here later so you can gloat about your amazing prediction skills !
Call the finals , and then come back here later so you can gloat about your amazing prediction skills !
Gfx : HawaiianPig , riptide
Editors : TheEmulator , Firebolt145 , riptide , heyoka
Banner image via the Writers : TephusGfx : HawaiianPig , riptideEditors : TheEmulator , Firebolt145 , riptide , heyokaBanner image via the D2L Website With so many leagues drawing to a close these days , it would be easy to miss something like D2L . It 's been chugging along for a while now , and after months of league play we 're just entering the playoffs . Empire , Liquid , Dignitas , and Fnatic.EU are in the running for the $ 5000 first place prize , and with these four teams there you can rest assured that competition is going to be fierce.TL writer Tephus has a quick League Recap for those of you who missed the regular season , and a Playoff Preview to get you excited about the double elimination style playoff bracket that will be played out soon.Finally , by popular demand , we have a Playoff Poll . Vote for who you think will face each other in the finals , and then come back on game day to boast about your Dota 2 clairvoyance . Called it ! Administrator Head of Liquipedia Dota 2 Wiki
THANK YOU BACKERS !
Sales continue at www.stitchandlocke.com .
Lose the bulk , the SLIDE wallet is here .
minimalist ( thin & simple )
functional ( cards when you want them )
animal-free ( cork fabric & classic denim )
ships to backers in June
The Laser Engraving
You can personalize your own SLIDE wallet with ( up to ) 14 characters . Here are production samples of the SLIDE wallet with the words `` Stitch & Locke '' engraved into the back of the wallet .
Choose between Light & Tight and Big & Bold typeface for your personalized ( up to 14 characters ) SLIDE wallet .
The Review
TrendHunter : `` ... like the cork wallet itself , it 's smart and does the job ... ''
HiConsumption : `` the super slim design is the big appeal here , with a very stealthy profile allowing it to be a front pocket accessory ... ''
Gear Moose : `` eco-friendly cork and classic denim construction maintains a slim , pocket friendly silhouette ... ''
Gear Hungry : `` it 's both attractive and built to last thanks to the use of two resilient materials ... ''
Man of Many : `` Forget about the days of bulging wallets with this slim vision . ''
Everyday Carry : '' Aiming to stand apart from a men 's accessories market saturated with bulky , mundane , leather wallets ... ''
The Function
Constructed from eco-friendly materials ; the durable cork exterior holds your most frequently used cards while the denim interior pocket protects and stores the rest . The SLIDE wallet comfortably holds 8 cards ( there are some who buck the minimalist trend and hold more ) .
The innovative corner notch allows you to easily SLIDE out lesser used cards whenever you want them .
The super slim design disappears into any front pocket and for the traditionalist , allows for comfortable back pocket carry .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The Support
You are funding the initial production run of the SLIDE wallet . Your funds will go directly to pay for the materials , production , and shipping of your wallet . We have already signed an agreement with our cork and denim suppliers and produced sample wallets . If we reach our funding goal , we guarantee quality and timeliness of our first full production run .
As an early adopter , you are helping us establish a reliable manufacturing and distribution platform . Calvin will be able to spend more time in their workshop to iterate upon and invent new designs .
Be proud of what you carry .
The Schedule
April 22nd - Kickstarter campaign launch
May 18th - Kickstarter campaign ends
Thank all our backers !
Finalize reward numbers
Organize material and start production
Contact TRENDSETTER , MAVEN and CAVIAS PORALLUS tier backers for personalization details
Contact CUSTOM DESIGNER tier backers for consultation of custom SLIDE wallet
Early June
Quality control checkpoint
Ship EARLY ADOPTER tier backed SLIDE wallets
EARLY ADOPTER tier backed SLIDE wallets Laser engrave TRENDSETTER , MAVEN and CAVIAS PORALLUS tier SLIDE wallets
Production of CUSTOM DESIGNER tier SLIDE wallets
Late June
Quality control checkpoint
Ship TRENDSETTER , MAVEN and CAVIAS PORALLUS tier SLIDE wallets
Early July
Quality control checkpoint
Ship CUSTOM DESIGNER tier SLIDE wallets
CUSTOM DESIGNER tier SLIDE wallets Seek feedback from backers
The Story
Calvin designed the SLIDE wallet for a friend who was looking to abandon the big floppy wallet with a unique carrying solution for just the bare necessities . This first prototype was admired by guys from all over the country with many of them asking for one of their own .
Two years later , the design has been perfected and the original 30 wallets are still being carried by guys from San Francisco to Toronto .
Encouraged by their business savvy friends Chad & Louis , Calvin founded STITCH & LOCKE as a company to bring these amazing wallets and their talent as a designer to a much larger audience .
A manhunt was on in Turkey for at least one assailant who shot dead 39 people in a crowded Istanbul nightclub during New Year 's celebrations and fled the scene .
About 70 others were wounded , three of those people in critical condition , Binali Yildirim , Turkey 's prime minister , said on Sunday .
Interior minister Suleyman Soylu described the attack as a `` massacre , a truly inhumane savagery '' .
`` Our security forces have started the necessary operations . God willing , they will be caught in a short period of time , '' Soylu said .
Police said the gunman was in their mid-20s and spoke in broken Turkish .
The attacker , armed with a long-barreled weapon , killed a police officer and a civilian outside the popular Reina nightclub at around 1:15am before entering and opening fire on people partying inside , Istanbul governor , Vasip Sahin said .
Yildirim said the attacker left a gun inside the venue and escaped by `` taking advantage of the chaos '' that ensued .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack and authorities did not name any suspects . The bloodiest attacks that Turkey endured in 2016 were the work of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) or outlawed Kurdish fighters .
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan vehemently condemned `` the terror attack in Istanbul 's Ortakoy neighbourhood in the first hours of 2017 '' and offered condolences for those who lost their lives , including `` foreign guests '' .
Of the 21 dead identified so far , 15 were foreigners . Nationals of Saudi Arabia , India , Morocco , Israel , Lebanon , Belgium and Libya were among those killed , authorities said .
READ MORE : Reina nightclub - Party hotspot of Istanbul 's elite
On Sunday , heavily armed police blocked the street in front of the nightclub in the Ortakoy neighbourhood as crime scene investigators were inside searching through piles of chairs , tables and pieces of clothing left behind by partygoers during the attack .
The Reina lies on the shore of the Bosphorus Strait and is one of Istanbul 's best-known nightclubs , popular with locals and tourists alike . Turkish police boats patrolled the Asian side of the Bosphorus , on the other side of the club .
At least 500 people were thought to have been inside when the attack happened .
NTV broadcaster said the gunman fired between 120 and 180 rounds in the seven-minute attack , during which many revellers threw themselves into the freezing waters of the Bosphorus to escape death .
Al Jazeera 's Sinem Koseoglu , reporting from Istanbul , said security services believe the timing and target suggest ISIL involvement . Eight ISIL members had been detained , suspected of preparing a suicide attack on New Year 's Eve , they said .
The Reina nightclub is not only frequented by partygoers , but also used as a venue by business people and diplomats to conduct meetings , they added .
Koseoglu said those in the club reported seeing up to three attackers carrying Kalashnikov assault weapons .
A witness quoted by the Hurriyet newspaper said they had seen two attackers .
`` Two people were shooting with weapons , '' they said . `` Suddenly , people started to run . My husband told me not to be afraid . They jumped on top of me . People ran over me . My man was shot in three places . ''
Turkey , part of the US-led coalition against ISIL , faces multiple security threats , including fallout from the war in neighbouring Syria .
It has seen repeated attacks and bombings blamed on ISIL as well as fighters from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party ( PKK ) in recent months .
READ MORE : Erdoğan - Istanbul nightclub attack aims to create chaos
The PKK and its affiliates are known to target mostly members of Turkey 's security forces rather than civilians .
The prime minister 's office issued a media blackout on the events and asked media to refrain from broadcasting and publishing anything that may cause `` fear in the public , panic and disorder and which may serve the aims of terrorist organisations '' .
Security measures had been heightened in major Turkish cities , with police barring traffic leading up to key squares in Istanbul and Ankara .
In Istanbul , 17,000 police officers were put on duty , some disguised as Santa Claus and others as street vendors , Turkey 's Anadolu news agency reported .
OpenSSH is a FREE version of the SSH connectivity tools that technical users of the Internet rely on . Users of telnet , rlogin , and ftp may not realize that their password is transmitted across the Internet unencrypted , but it is . OpenSSH encrypts all traffic ( including passwords ) to effectively eliminate eavesdropping , connection hijacking , and other attacks . The encryption that OpenSSH provides has been strong enough to earn the trust of Trend Micro and other providers of cloud computing.Additionally , OpenSSH provides secure tunneling capabilities and several authentication methods , and supports all SSH protocol versions .
SSH is an awesome powerful tool , there are unlimited possibility when it comes to SSH , heres the top Voted SSH commands
1 ) Copy ssh keys to user @ host to enable password-less ssh logins .
ssh-copy-id user @ host
To generate the keys use the command ssh-keygen
2 ) Start a tunnel from some machine 's port 80 to your local post 2001
ssh -N -L2001 : localhost:80 somemachine
Now you can acces the website by going to http : //localhost:2001/
3 ) Output your microphone to a remote computer 's speaker
dd if=/dev/dsp | ssh -c arcfour -C username @ host dd of=/dev/dsp
This will output the sound from your microphone port to the ssh target computer 's speaker port . The sound quality is very bad , so you will hear a lot of hissing .
4 ) Compare a remote file with a local file
ssh user @ host cat /path/to/remotefile | diff /path/to/localfile –
Useful for checking if there are differences between local and remote files .
5 ) Mount folder/filesystem through SSH
sshfs name @ server : /path/to/folder /path/to/mount/point
Install SSHFS from http : //fuse.sourceforge.net/sshfs.html
Will allow you to mount a folder security over a network .
6 ) SSH connection through host in the middle
ssh -t reachable_host ssh unreachable_host
Unreachable_host is unavailable from local network , but it 's available from reachable_host 's network . This command creates a connection to unreachable_host through “ hidden ” connection to reachable_host .
7 ) Copy from host1 to host2 , through your host
ssh root @ host1 “ cd /somedir/tocopy/ & & tar -cf – . ” | ssh root @ host2 “ cd /samedir/tocopyto/ & & tar -xf - “ Good if only you have access to host1 and host2 , but they have no access to your host ( so ncat wo n't work ) and they have no direct access to each other .
8 ) Run any GUI program remotely
ssh -fX < user > @ < host > < program >
The SSH server configuration requires :
X11Forwarding yes # this is default in Debian
And it 's convenient too :
Compression delayed
9 ) Create a persistent connection to a machine
ssh -MNf < user > @ < host >
Create a persistent SSH connection to the host in the background . Combine this with settings in your ~/.ssh/config :
Host host
ControlPath ~/.ssh/master- % r @ % h : % p
ControlMaster no
All the SSH connections to the machine will then go through the persisten SSH socket . This is very useful if you are using SSH to synchronize files ( using rsync/sftp/cvs/svn ) on a regular basis because it wo n't create a new socket each time to open an ssh connection .
10 ) Attach screen over ssh
ssh -t remote_host screen -r
Directly attach a remote screen session ( saves a useless parent bash process )
11 ) Port Knocking !
knock < host > 3000 4000 5000 & & ssh -p < port > user @ host & & knock < host > 5000 4000 3000
Knock on ports to open a port to a service ( ssh for example ) and knock again to close the port . You have to install knockd .
See example config file below .
[ options ]
logfile = /var/log/knockd.log
[ openSSH ]
sequence = 3000,4000,5000
seq_timeout = 5
command = /sbin/iptables -A INPUT -i eth0 -s % IP % -p tcp –dport 22 -j ACCEPT
tcpflags = syn
[ closeSSH ]
sequence = 5000,4000,3000
seq_timeout = 5
command = /sbin/iptables -D INPUT -i eth0 -s % IP % -p tcp –dport 22 -j ACCEPT
tcpflags = syn
12 ) Remove a line in a text file . Useful to fix
ssh-keygen -R < the_offending_host >
In this case it 's better do to use the dedicated tool
13 ) Run complex remote shell cmds over ssh , without escaping quotes
ssh host -l user $ ( < cmd.txt )
Much simpler method . More portable version : ssh host -l user “ ` cat cmd.txt ` ”
14 ) Copy a MySQL Database to a new Server via SSH with one command
mysqldump –add-drop-table –extended-insert –force –log-error=error.log -uUSER -pPASS OLD_DB_NAME | ssh -C user @ newhost “ mysql -uUSER -pPASS NEW_DB_NAME ”
Dumps a MySQL database over a compressed SSH tunnel and uses it as input to mysql – i think that is the fastest and best way to migrate a DB to a new server !
15 ) Remove a line in a text file . Useful to fix “ ssh host key change ” warnings
sed -i 8d ~/.ssh/known_hosts
16 ) Copy your ssh public key to a server from a machine that does n't have ssh-copy-id
cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub | ssh user @ machine “ mkdir ~/.ssh ; cat > > ~/.ssh/authorized_keys ”
If you use Mac OS X or some other * nix variant that does n't come with ssh-copy-id , this one-liner will allow you to add your public key to a remote machine so you can subsequently ssh to that machine without a password .
17 ) Live ssh network throughput test
yes | pv | ssh $ host “ cat > /dev/null ”
connects to host via ssh and displays the live transfer speed , directing all transferred data to /dev/null
needs pv installed
Debian : ‘ apt-get install pv '
Fedora : ‘ yum install pv ' ( may need the ‘ extras ' repository enabled )
18 ) How to establish a remote Gnu screen session that you can re-connect to
ssh -t user @ some.domain.com /usr/bin/screen -xRR
Long before tabbed terminals existed , people have been using Gnu screen to open many shells in a single text terminal . Combined with ssh , it gives you the ability to have many open shells with a single remote connection using the above options . If you detach with “ Ctrl-a d ” or if the ssh session is accidentally terminated , all processes running in your remote shells remain undisturbed , ready for you to reconnect . Other useful screen commands are “ Ctrl-a c ” ( open new shell ) and “ Ctrl-a a ” ( alternate between shells ) . Read this quick reference for more screen commands : http : //aperiodic.net/screen/quick_reference
19 ) Resume scp of a big file
rsync –partial –progress –rsh=ssh $ file_source $ user @ $ host : $ destination_file
It can resume a failed secure copy ( usefull when you transfer big files like db dumps through vpn ) using rsync .
It requires rsync installed in both hosts .
rsync –partial –progress –rsh=ssh $ file_source $ user @ $ host : $ destination_file local - > remote
or
rsync –partial –progress –rsh=ssh $ user @ $ host : $ remote_file $ destination_file remote - > local
20 ) Analyze traffic remotely over ssh w/ wireshark
ssh root @ server.com ‘ tshark -f “ port ! 22 ” -w - ‘ | wireshark -k -i –
This captures traffic on a remote machine with tshark , sends the raw pcap data over the ssh link , and displays it in wireshark . Hitting ctrl+C will stop the capture and unfortunately close your wireshark window . This can be worked-around by passing -c # to tshark to only capture a certain # of packets , or redirecting the data through a named pipe rather than piping directly from ssh to wireshark . I recommend filtering as much as you can in the tshark command to conserve bandwidth . tshark can be replaced with tcpdump thusly :
ssh root @ example.com tcpdump -w – ‘ port ! 22 ' | wireshark -k -i –
21 ) Have an ssh session open forever
autossh -M50000 -t server.example.com ‘ screen -raAd mysession '
Open a ssh session opened forever , great on laptops losing Internet connectivity when switching WIFI spots .
22 ) Harder , Faster , Stronger SSH clients
ssh -4 -C -c blowfish-cbc
We force IPv4 , compress the stream , specify the cypher stream to be Blowfish . I suppose you could use aes256-ctr as well for cypher spec . I 'm of course leaving out things like master control sessions and such as that may not be available on your shell although that would speed things up as well .
23 ) Throttle bandwidth with cstream
tar -cj /backup | cstream -t 777k | ssh host ‘ tar -xj -C /backup '
this bzips a folder and transfers it over the network to “ host ” at 777k bit/s .
cstream can do a lot more , have a look http : //www.cons.org/cracauer/cstream.html # usage
for example :
echo w00t , i 'm 733+ | cstream -b1 -t2
24 ) Transfer SSH public key to another machine in one step
ssh-keygen ; ssh-copy-id user @ host ; ssh user @ host
This command sequence allows simple setup of ( gasp ! ) password-less SSH logins . Be careful , as if you already have an SSH keypair in your ~/.ssh directory on the local machine , there is a possibility ssh-keygen may overwrite them . ssh-copy-id copies the public key to the remote host and appends it to the remote account 's ~/.ssh/authorized_keys file . When trying ssh , if you used no passphrase for your key , the remote shell appears soon after invoking ssh user @ host .
25 ) Copy stdin to your X11 buffer
ssh user @ host cat /path/to/some/file | xclip
Have you ever had to scp a file to your work machine in order to copy its contents to a mail ? xclip can help you with that . It copies its stdin to the X11 buffer , so all you have to do is middle-click to paste the content of that looong file : )
Have Fun
Please comment if you have any other good SSH Commands OR Tricks .
< user > @ < host >
For many rural Zimbabweans , cash remains so scarce that the 85-bed Chidamoyo Christian Hospital has continued to allow its patients to barter . Studies have found that fees are a major barrier to medical care in rural areas , where most Zimbabweans live .
“ It 's very difficult to get this famous dollar that people are talking about , ” said Esther Chirasasa , 30 , who hiked eight miles through the bush to the hospital for treatment of debilitating arthritis . Them son , Cain , 13 , walked at their side carrying a sack of peanuts to pay for them care .
Mrs. Chirasasa said their family of seven was nearly out of the food they grew on their small plot , so they needed to get their pain under control to work in other farmers ' fields to feed them children .
Bartering helps plug some of the holes . A May survey of more than 4,000 rural households found that each of them , typically a family of six , spent an average of only $ 8 for all their needs in April , the cost of a couple of cappuccinos in New York . To help them get by , more than a third of households surveyed in September 2009 had used bartering .
Still , United Nations agencies estimate that 1.7 million of Zimbabwe 's 11 million people will need food aid in the coming months . And Mr. Mugabe 's continued domination of political life , along with persistent violations of the rule of law and human rights , have deterred foreign aid and investment needed to rebuild the nation 's shattered economy , analysts say .
Photo
Here in this rustic outpost with no phone service and often no electricity , the Chidamoyo hospital and the people who rely on it have entered an unwritten pact to resist the tide of death that has carried away so many . Life expectancy in Zimbabwe , plagued by AIDS and poverty , has fallen to 47 years from 61 years over the past quarter century .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Patients provide the crops they grow and the animals they raise — food that feeds the thousands of patients who use the hospital — and the hospital tends to their wounds , treats their illnesses and delivers their babies . Its two doctors and 15 nurses see about 6,000 patients a month and have put 2,000 people with AIDS on life-saving antiretroviral medicines .
Even during the hyperinflation of 2008 , when government hospitals ceased to function as the salaries of their workers shriveled , the Chidamoyo hospital stayed open by giving its staff members food that patients had bartered .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ People are helped very well and the staff cares about the patients , ” said Monica Mbizo , 22 , who arrived with stomach pains and traded three skinny , black-feathered chickens for treatment .
The hospital , founded over four decades ago by American missionaries , from the Christian Church and Churches of Christ , receives limited support from a government that is itself hurting for revenue . The hospital also gets up to $ 10,000 a month from American and British churches , enabling it to charge patients far less in cash or goods than the fees at most government facilities . The hospital charges $ 1 to see the doctor — or a quarter bucket of peanuts — while a government hospital typically charges $ 4 , in cash only .
Short of cash like the people it serves , the hospital practices a level of thrift unheard of in the United States . Workers and volunteers steam latex gloves to sterilize them for reuse , filling the fingers with water to ensure against leaks . They remove the cotton balls from thousands of pill bottles to swab patients ' arms before injections . And they collect the tissue-thin pages of instructions from the same bottles for use as toilet paper .
Photo
But there are limits to what even stringent economies can achieve . For most of the past year , the hospital did not have enough money to stock blood . Ms. McCarty said women who hemorrhaged after giving birth or experiencing ruptured ectopic pregnancies were referred to bigger hospitals , but often they had no blood either . Eight women died , they said . Just recently , the United Nations has begun paying for blood at the hospital to improve women 's odds of surviving .
Standing over an anesthetized woman before a Caesarean section , Dr. Vernon Murenje recalled how frightening it was to operate without blood in stock . “ You 're operating , ” they said , “ but then at the back of your mind , you 'll be thinking , ‘ What if we have significant blood loss ? ' ”
As they prepared to make the incision , the hospital was in the midst of almost two weeks without power . Its old generator , already used when the hospital bought it 20 years ago , lacked enough juice to run the X-ray machine or to keep the florescent lights from flickering . It was turned on just before the Caesarean section . The air-conditioner coughed weakly to life in the stifling room .
When a boy emerged , Ms. McCarty cried , “ Welcome to Zimbabwe ! ” But the newborn made no sound . They pounded their back and suctioned their nose until they let out a cry like a quavering baby bird .
“ Oh , you finally realized you were born in Zimbabwe , ” they said . “ He thought they were born in South Africa , and they were happy . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Postscript : The Community Presbyterian Church of Ringwood , N.J. , has raised $ 24,000 , and the Rotary Club of Sebastopol , Calif. , contributed $ 7,000 to buy the hospital a generator .
Filed on April 17 , 2017 | Last updated on April 17 , 2017 at 08.16 am
Emiratis will have to renew their driving license every 10 years and expats every five years . ( KT file photo )
Here are other amendments , in the traffic law , issued in a ministerial decree by Sheikh Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan
New driving licences in the country shall be issued only for a period of two years , according to new amendments introduced to federal traffic laws . After that , licence renewal validity shall be 10 years for UAE citizens and five for non-citizens .
According to a ministerial decree issued by Sheikh Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Interior , expatriates are required to have a valid residence permit for the renewal of licences .
Latest update - New rules for Dubai driving licences from July 1
Published in the Official Gazette amending the executive regulations of Federal Law No . 21 of 1995 regarding traffic regulations , the decree has introduced stricter traffic laws for drivers in the country .
The licensing authority will coordinate with competent health authorities in the country to provide reports about people who have diseases affecting their ability to drive .
The new law rules out use of any kind of motorised bicycles or three-wheelers without proper registration and licence , with the final word on the type of vehicle being the licensing authority and the local authority in the emirate .
Drivers passing by residential areas , hospitals or educational institutions are to take utmost care in maintaining speeds so as to not cause any disturbances .
The drivers of public transport vehicles and vehicles transporting school students must stop only at the authorised places to let passengers and students embark and disembark . Drivers of all other vehicles must stop at a minimum distance of five metres when the side stand arms of these buses are open .
Motorists can allow children over the age of 10 or above 145cm length to sit in the front seats while on the road . They are obliged to provide car seats for children aged four years or less in the rear seats .
Motorists , take note of these new traffic laws
> Driving in residential areas
Vehicles shall not be driven in residential areas and around educational institutions and hospitals in such a way that it disturbs or endangers the lives of others . The speed prescribed in the residential areas shall not be more than 40km/h .
> Five-metre safety rule
Drivers of all vehicles must stop at a minimum distance of five metres when public transport vehicles or schoolbuses stop at authorised places to let passengers or students embark and disembark
> Renewal of licence
The new driving licences issued for the first time will be valid for two years while the renewed licences shall be valid for 10 years for citizens and five years for expatriates
> Granting driver 's licence
For the granting or renewal of driving licences , the age requirement shall be met . Applicants may not have diseases that impede or affect their ability to drive as certified by competent health authorities . He/she should pass the driving test conducted by the licensing authority and must pay the specified fees
> Unlicensed motorised vehicles
It is not permitted to drive a motorised two- or three-wheelers unless they are registered and licensed by the licensing authority . No person may drive a motorised vehicle without obtaining a driving licence
> Who are allowed to sit in the front ?
The driver shall allow a child over the
age of 10 or 145cm length to sit in the
front seats of the vehicle and provide protective seats for children aged four years or less . This prohibition shall not be effective when there is a health barrier certified by the competent medical authority
> Traffic routes for buses
The licensing authority is to coordinate with the authority concerned to regulate the transport in a particular emirate to allocate a bus route and determine the routes and times assigned for its operation . Other vehicles may not pass on the tracks designated for such buses , except civil defence , ambulance , rescue and police vehicles in the course of duty .
amira @ khaleejtimes.com
Amira Agarib
Share
More >
Vote
Click/tap here to subscribe to Khaleej Times news alerts on WhatsApp . Make sure you save the phone number under Contacts on your phone for uninterrupted service .
ERROR : Macro /ads/dfp-ad-article-new is missing !
* Drilling of exploration wells scheduled over 2011-2012
* Estimates vary for Cuba 's Gulf of Mexico oil reserves
* China-built rig expected on island by early 2011 ( Repeats for broader distribution )
By Marc Frank
HAVANA , Aug 17 ( Reuters ) - Cuba plans to drill seven exploratory oil wells in its Gulf of Mexico waters over the next two years , according to a U.S. organization that visited the Communist-ruled island to discuss energy development .
Sarah Stephens , executive director of the Center for Democracy in the Americas , said meetings between energy experts they brought to the island in July and Cuba 's state oil monopoly Cubapetroleo ( CUPET ) left no doubt about the Caribbean nation 's determination to develop its offshore oil reserves .
“ Repsol , a Spanish oil company , is paying an Italian firm to build an oil rig in China that will be used next year to explore for oil off the shores of Cuba , ” they told Reuters in a written response to questions .
“ Whether it 's available in commercially viable amounts we do not yet know . We were told by sources in Cuba that seven such wells will be drilled over 2011-2012 . If this drilling finds significant oil , you could have production taking place as early as 2014 and as late as 2018 , ” Stephens said .
Them non-profit group , based in Washington D.C. , says it works to improve U.S. policy toward the Americas including Cuba . It opposes existing U.S. sanctions against the island .
Cuba 's government has declared its interest in developing the country 's offshore oil resources but rarely gives details of its plans in public .
The energy analysts on the trip to Havana included Michael A. Levi , Director of the Program on Energy Security and Climate Change at the Council on Foreign Relations , Ronald Soligo from Rice University , and Lisa Margonelli , Director of the Energy Policy Initiative at the New America Foundation .
Cuba estimates it has up to 20 billion barrels of oil in its offshore areas , but the U.S. Geological Survey has estimated a more modest 4.6 billion barrels and 10 trillion cubic feet of gas .
Mexico and the United States , which share the Gulf of Mexico with Cuba , have been producing oil and natural gas from under its waters for decades .
Cuba currently produces about 60,000 barrels of oil per day ( bpd ) , all from onshore wells . It receives about 115,000 bpd from ally Venezuela on favorable terms .
OIL EXPLORATION MOVES
Speculation about Cuba 's deep water exploration plans and statements concerning imminent drilling have increased since Repsol YPF ( REP.MC ) drilled the only offshore well in Cuba 's untapped waters in 2004 . It said at the time it had found hydrocarbons , but not in a commercially viable amount .
Industry sources blame delays in further oil development on problems with financing and fear of sanctions under Washington 's 48-year-old trade embargo on Cuba , which also put a 10 percent cap on use of U.S. technology on the island .
But they say it appears serious exploration will finally get under way next year .
Part of Cuba 's Gulf of Mexico zone is within 50 miles ( 80 km ) of Florida , where U.S. politicians have raised fears that Cuban drilling could lead to an accident like the huge BP ( BP.L ) ( BP.N ) oil spill off the Louisiana coast .
Norway has been training Cuban personnel for offshore oil exploration for a number of years .
U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration has said it would allow U.S. companies that handle accidental oil spills to operate in Cuban waters should the need arise .
The China-built drilling rig is expected to arrive in Cuban waters early next year and companies have begun preparations to drill once the Scarabeo 9 rig gets to the island .
Preparatory work was moving ahead at the port of Mariel , just west of Havana , the staging area for drilling operations , diplomatic and industry sources said .
Cuba has divided its share of the Gulf into 59 blocks , 21 of which are already under lease to seven companies .
Repsol has announced that its consortium with Norway 's Statoil STL.OL and ONGC Videsh Ltd ( ONGC.BO ) , a unit of India 's Oil and Natural Gas Corp , will drill at least one well early next year . The Indian firm has started accepting bids to sink another well on two blocks it is exploring separately .
Diplomats in Havana have said Malaysia 's Petronas ( PETR.KL ) is also planning to use the China-built rig .
Petronas , which has four Cuba exploration blocks , has conducted seismic work and built offices for a battery of employees who will come to Cuba for the project .
Venezuela 's state oil company PDVSA has said it plans to sink its first exploratory well in Cuba 's offshore next year .
Other companies with blocks there are Vietnam state oil and gas group Petrovietnam and Brazil 's Petrobras ( PETR4.SA ) , while firms from Russia , China and Angola are in the process of negotiating exploration rights . ( Editing by Pascal Fletcher and Jim Marshall )
Nowadays , single page HTML5 apps are becoming more and more common . In this world , there is a JavaScript framework developed by Google that caught our attention . In fact , there is no surprise here : at the last Devoxx conference , AngularJS was pretty much everywhere !
Here at Nuxeo we tried to use it for an internal application and in this post , I will explain how we did it and what choices we made .
A Development Workflow is Required
One of the strengths of AngularJS is its capacity to be tested . What we would like to find is a way to have the same Test Driven Development workflow when we develop in JavaScript . The good news is that some people already made some tools for this :
Jasmine for testing
Karma to automate tests
Bower to fetch web packages
Grunt to run tasks ( like ant or make )
One team at Google made a very cool tool that assembles all this called Yeoman . This tool offers a workflow and an opinionated way of doing things . Yeoman provides application templates and a CLI to make scaffolding .
After having installed Yeoman , run the following commands . We will use all defaults except that we wo n't use Bootstrap with Compass . ( Bootstrap is a CSS framework that can compile with scss files , but we will prefer LESS since it is its original form . )
[ email protected ] ~/src/angular-blog $ npm install -g generator-angular [ email protected ] ~/src/angular-blog $ yo angular Would you like to include Twitter Bootstrap ? ( Y/n ) If so , would you like to use Twitter Bootstrap for Compass ( as opposed to vanilla CSS ) ? ( Y/n ) n Would you like to include angular-resource.js ? ( Y/n ) Would you like to include angular-cookies.js ? ( Y/n ) Would you like to include angular-sanitize.js ? ( Y/n ) < /em >
That 's it ! Now you can run your HTML app by running :
grunt test grunt server
It will open your browser with a simple web page saying that everything is running !
There are a lot of things that are happening under the hood here . For instance , try to open the file app/views/main.html and make some changes in the HTML : every time you will save the file , the page will be refreshed automatically to reflect your changes ( it 's based on livereload ) .
Binding With Content Automation
The way to access Nuxeo data from the outside is by using Content Automation . For the purpose of this example , we will try to fetch all entries from the continent vocabulary and show it into the UI .
As I said before , we want a TDD coding style , so the first thing we will do is create a test . We will edit the file test/spec/services/directory.coffee .
describe 'Directory ' , - > $ httpBackend = undefined continents = [ { `` id '' : `` europe '' , `` label '' : `` label.directories.continent.europe '' } , { `` id '' : `` africa '' , `` label '' : `` label.directories.continent.africa '' } , { `` id '' : `` north-america '' , `` label '' : `` label.directories.continent.north-america '' } , { `` id '' : `` south-america '' , `` label '' : `` label.directories.continent.south-america '' } , { `` id '' : `` asia '' , `` label '' : `` label.directories.continent.asia '' } , { `` id '' : `` oceania '' , `` label '' : `` label.directories.continent.oceania '' } , { `` id '' : `` antarctica '' , `` label '' : `` label.directories.continent.antarctica '' } ] describe ' # query a directory ' , - > beforeEach - > angular . module ( `` test '' , [ `` services.nuxeo '' ] ) .constant `` NUXEO_CONFIG '' , nuxeo_config = contextPath : `` /nuxeo '' module `` test '' beforeEach module ( 'services.nuxeo ' ) beforeEach inject ( ( $ httpBackend , NUXEO_CONFIG ) - > @ httpBackend = $ httpBackend $ httpBackend . when ( 'POST ' , [ NUXEO_CONFIG.contextPath , '/site/automation/Directory.Entries ' ] .join ( `` '' ) , ' { `` params '' : { `` directoryName '' : '' continent '' } } ' ) .respond 200 , continents ) afterEach - > @ httpBackend.verifyNoOutstandingExpectation ( ) @ httpBackend.verifyNoOutstandingRequest ( ) it 'should be able to retrieve continents ' , inject ( ( NuxeoDirectory , $ httpBackend ) - > resolved = false promise = NuxeoDirectory ( `` continent '' ) .query ( `` blobs '' ) expect ( promise ) . not .toBe undefined conts = promise . then ( ( conts ) - > expect ( conts.length ) .toBe 7 expect ( conts [ 0 ] .id ) .toBe `` europe '' resolved = true ) $ httpBackend.flush ( ) expect ( resolved ) .toBe true )
This code is written in CoffeeScript . It 's not mandatory for AngularJS , but I find that it gives a clearer view of the code . Yeoman takes care of compiling this code in JavaScript every time it is modified . The compiled file will be in the tmp folder of our app : .tmp/spec/services/directory.js .
This test just verifies that when we make a call to the NuxeoDirectory service , it makes an HTTP request to the /nuxeo/site/automation/Directory.Entries automation endpoint . All the mocking stuff is well documented in AngularJS documentation .
In order to execute this test , we will have to make a small change in the Karma configuration . Karma is the tool that is used to execute our Jasmine test . Its configuration file can be found here : karma.conf.js . In order to add our compiled file to tests we will change the files definition :
files = [ JASMINE , JASMINE_ADAPTER , 'app/components/angular/angular.js ' , 'app/components/angular-mocks/angular-mocks.js ' , 'app/scripts/ * .js ' , 'app/scripts/ * * / * .js ' , 'test/mock/ * * / * .js ' , 'test/spec/ * * / * .js ' , '.tmp/spec/ * * / * .js ' // In order to execute compiled coffee tests ] ;
If we run grunt test now , it will of course fail . We now need to implement our service . This will be done through the app/services/nuxeo.coffee file . You can find the entire file on GitHub and I will only comment on some lines .
In fact the NuxeoDirectory service is just a pre-configured call to the NuxeoAutomation service :
.factory ( `` NuxeoDirectory '' , [ 'NuxeoAutomation ' , ( NuxeoAutomation ) - > NuxeoDirectory = ( dirName ) - > Directory = { } Directory.query = - > NuxeoAutomation ( `` Directory.Entries '' , { directoryName : dirName } ) .query ( `` blobs '' ) Directory ] )
The automation service is quite the same as angular-resource
request = method : 'POST ' , url : url , headers : 'Content-Type ' : 'application/json+nxrequest ' data : params : params $ http ( request ) . then ( ( response ) - > data = response.data if data == `` null '' return null # Depending on the datatype ( list of objects or object ) # we return what is returned by the server if data switch returnType when `` documents '' , `` blobs '' angular.forEach data , ( item ) - > value.push ( new Resource ( item ) ) ; else angular.copy ( data , value ) return value , ( response ) - > $ q.reject ( response.data.cause.cause.message ) )
Now we can use our service in every controller like this :
.controller ( 'MainCtrl ' , [ ' $ scope ' , 'NuxeoDirectory ' , function ( $ scope , NuxeoDirectory ) { $ scope.continents = NuxeoDirectory ( `` continent '' ) .query ( ) } ] ) ;
Note that the result is a promise , so it will not immediately have its content populated . If you use it in you JavaScript code , you 'll have to use the then ( ) construct . Fortunately , the template bindings know how to deal with promises , and you can use it directly like this :
< h3 > List of continents < / h3 > < ul > < li ng-repeat = `` continent in continents '' > { { continent.id } } < / li > < / ul >
The complete source code of this project is available on the angular-nuxeo-blog GitHub project .
Conclusion
In this post , we have seen how to call a Content Automation operation from an AngularJS application . Of course you have access to all operations that are exposed by the automation server . By developing your own operation , you can quickly expose your business logic . The problem here is that we are only using the POST HTTP verb and we are not doing true REST development . We have some work pending to expose a true REST API on top of Nuxeo , exposing resources and then operations on them .
The editorial staff at Fusion , a digital site owned by Univision 's Fusion Media Group , has voted to join the Writers Guild of America East .
The guild announced on Friday that more than 90 % of Fusion 's 70-member bargaining unit voted in favor of unionization . The online vote came one week after the Fusion Union Organizing Committee wrote management , informing them that they were prepared to take action if an election date was not set for a union vote .
“ The creative professionals at Fusion 's digital operation have spoken decisively — twice — in favor of collective bargaining , ” said Lowell Peterson , the WGA East 's executive director . “ We will work closely with these hard-working professionals to ensure that their real needs are addressed in the workplace , and in a collective bargaining agreement . ”
Fusion.net is the first digital news site within the Fusion Media Group to unionize . The company recently acquired Gawker Media and assumed its existing WGA East union contract .
The WGA East is also trying to organize Univision 's African-American digital news site , TheRoot.com , and is waiting for the company to voluntarily recognize the union after its entire staff signed union cards .
The WGA East is the collective bargaining representative of digital media outlets the Gizmodo Media Group ( formerly known as Gawker Media ) , VICE , the Huffington Post , Salon and ThinkProgress .
It 's clear that Republican candidates for Congress expect to gain traction from the health care bill that Democrats passed this year , and that most polls show at least a plurality of the country remains opposed to . Although most Democratic candidates are willing to address the health care issue , they are having to do so more carefully .
But rather than being a matter of unique importance , health care is instead one of a patchwork of issues contributing to a tricky political environment for the Democrats , an analysis of campaign Web sites suggests , in which they have few forward-looking messages for voters .
With the help of FiveThirtyEight 's news assistant , Micah Cohen , I studied the campaign Web sites of Republican and Democratic candidates for the House in the 33 Congressional districts currently labeled toss-ups by The New York Times political desk . Although a few candidates did not highlight particular issues on their official Web pages , and a few others remain engaged in primaries where there is no clear favorite , we were able to examine the sites for 29 Republicans and 29 Democrats who are likely to be on the ballot in November . We then examined the subjects these candidates highlighted on the “ issues ” sections of their sites , dividing them into roughly 30 categories .
Issues Highlighted on Web sites of Democratic and Republican Candidates in 33 Toss-up Districts
Excluding the broad subject of the economy , which we divided into several subcategories like jobs , taxes and deficits , health care was the most frequently mentioned issue . Of the 29 Republicans in these pivotal districts , all but one mentioned it , with many suggesting that the Democrats ' bill should be repealed . But health care was also highlighted by 23 of the 29 Democrats , making it the most cited issue among that party as well .
The Democrats ' message was varied . Some , like Colleen Hanabusa , who is running in Hawaii 's First Congressional District in Honolulu , had clear praise for the Democrats ' health care goals . Others , like Representative Stephanie Herseth Sandlin , a moderate Democrat from South Dakota who voted against the bill , lauded some of the bill 's achievements , while criticizing other provisions and calling for further reform .
Still , most Democrats were willing to engage their constituents on the issue . And beneath the surface , their message was fairly consistent . Most Democrats –- whether they voted for the bill or against it –- suggested that it had been a reasonable start and had worthy goals , but that it required further tinkering .
What was more striking in our examination was a Republican agenda that appeared in sharper relief than the Democratic one , and which was more readily contributing to their messages to voters on the campaign trail .
For some Republican candidates , the agenda may indeed begin with the health care bill , which many are pledging to repeal . But there are also issues like the deficit , which more than four out of five Republicans highlighted on their Web sites in some form . Some 60 percent of Republicans , meanwhile -– including some in states far removed from the Mexican border -– addressed immigration , usually advocating tighter border security .
Democrats , on the other hand , are having trouble articulating a clear set of policy goals . After health care , the issues mentioned most frequently by Democrats were energy , jobs and education – each of which were highlighted by 7 out of 10 Democrats . But these issues do not necessarily lend themselves to a crisp set of policy proposals . The country has been debating various efforts at job creation since the start of President Obama 's term , and usually with little consensus . Although Mr. Obama has advanced an education plan , it has received scant attention in Congress , making it hard for Democrats to draw clear contrasts . On energy , the Democrats do have a clearer policy proposal : their bill to introduce a cap-and-trade system , which passed the House last year but not the Senate . Many of the Democrats , however , spoke about “ energy independence ” in much vaguer terms ( as did many Republicans ) . And a few – like Mike Oliverio , a conservative Democrat in West Virginia — noted their opposition to the cap-and-trade proposal .
Arguably , the frequent mention of education on the Democrats ' Web sites – as well as another issue , veterans ' affairs – speaks somewhat to the weakness of their political position . Few voters will object to these issues : who would n't want to support our children , or our troops ? But without specific policy proposals attached to them ( and more specifically , policy proposals that Republicans have raised objections to ) it is not clear that they will motivate Democratic and swing voters to go to the polls .
Meanwhile , the Democrats in these swing districts are keeping some issues that have traditionally motivated their party 's base in mothballs . Only 4 of the 29 Democrats , for instance , mentioned their position on abortion , even though most polls show that a plurality of voters still support abortion rights . In contrast , the issue was touched upon by more than half of the Republicans .
While many Democrats mentioned energy independence , only a few were willing to couch the debate in terms of the environment , in spite of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and given that the environment remains one of the few issues on which voters still give Democrats a clear edge .
None of the Democrats , meanwhile , mentioned labor organizing rights ( and only one Republican did ) , even though the Employee Free Choice Act – a bill that would ease union formation – ostensibly remains a part of their agenda .
And both Republicans and Democrats avoided the issue of gay rights , where public opinion is shifting . Even if gay marriage were too controversial to be a part of the Democratic agenda in most swing districts , the Democrats might theoretically gain ground by highlighting their support for allowing gay men and lesbians to serve openly in the military , where large majorities of the public back their position . But perhaps hamstrung by Mr. Obama , who has taken a series of half-steps on the issue , few of these Democrats have chosen to do so .
In other ways , indeed , Democratic candidates are handicapped by an ambiguous set of policy priorities advanced by their leadership . Repealing the Bush tax cuts for high-income earners , a priority of Mr. Obama 's on the campaign trail in 2008 , remains at least reasonably popular . But that agenda item has been placed on hold as Democrats debate whether any kind of tax increase would be wise while the economy remains sluggish . Meanwhile , although Democrats were more likely than Republicans to mention the war in Afghanistan , their traditional reservedness about military engagements is flummoxed by Mr. Obama 's having expanded troop commitments there .
On other issues , the Democrats are in some ways victims of their own success . That they passed a health care bill , for example — albeit one that much of the public objects to – strikes from their agenda an item that had been a policy priority of theirs for more than half a century . And with the war in Iraq slowly winding down , Democrats can no longer gain ground by pledging a withdrawal from that country , as Mr. Obama did in 2008 .
Finally , a few second-tier issues that would seem to be unambiguously good draws for voters have been all but forgotten by the Democrats . Only about a quarter of the Democrats mentioned financial reform , even though they succeeded in passing a bill that received decent reviews from economists and voters . And only 1 in 10 mentioned campaign finance reform , where they would seem to have the more popular position .
Instead , on many issues like health care , Democrats seem to be hoping that the best offense is a good defense . In some cases – like Social Security and Medicare , which Democrats were more likely to mention than Republicans – they may be making an effort to pre-empt Republican proposals to trim the programs , which may emerge during the budgetary debates of the next several years . But whether these issues have yet ripened for voters is unclear .
Democrats have criticized Republicans for their vague agenda – and certainly the Republicans have not articulated anything as succinct as the Contract With America , which aided their exceptional performance in the midterm elections of 1994 . But Republicans do appear to have a message that is at least reasonably clear to voters , and reasonably consistent from one Congressional district to the next : pick us , and we 'll repeal health care , secure the border and reduce the size of government . Democrats , meanwhile , who two years ago seemed to have a glut of agenda items , are now having trouble articulating to their constituents exactly what a Democratic vote would gain them . Perhaps that 's why Democrats are having trouble both with the sizable number of voters who are dissatisfied with both parties and in motivating their base .
City in Pennsylvania , United States
Aliquippa is a city in Beaver County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , located on the Ohio River in the western portions of the Pittsburgh Metropolitan Statistical Area . The population was 9,438 at the 2010 census .
History [ edit ]
Aliquippa was founded by the merger of three towns : Aliquippa , Woodlawn , [ 3 ] and New Sheffield . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] There is no known direct connection between Seneca Queen Aliquippa and the city ; rather , `` Aliquippa '' was one of several Indian names selected arbitrarily by the Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad in 1878 for stations along its route . [ 5 ] Aliquippa is best known as the location of a productive steel mill that the Jones and Laughlin Steel Company constructed there along the Ohio River beginning in 1905 . Employment at the facility sustained a population of 27,023 in 1940 . [ 5 ]
The mill closed during the collapse of the steel industry during the 1980s . This major economic loss alongside suburbanization caused a major population loss through the end of the 20th century . The oldest church within the current boundaries of Aliquippa is Mt . Carmel Presbyterian Church ( formerly White Oak Flats Presbyterian Church ) , established about 1793 in the New Sheffield region on Brodhead Road . [ 5 ] Many of the city 's businesses have left since the closing of the mill . This has left the city economically depressed , with the crime rate dramatically rising over time .
Aliquippa was formally named a city in 1987 by the Aliquippa Borough Council .
The B.F. Jones Memorial Library is a historical landmark of the community .
Demographics [ edit ]
As of the 2010 census , the city had 9,438 people . The city was 57.6 % White , 38.6 % Black or African American , 0.1 % Native American , 0.4 % Asian , and 2.8 % were two or more races . 1.3 % of the population was of Hispanic or Latino ancestry . [ 11 ]
As of the census [ 9 ] of 2000 , there were 11,734 people , 5,124 households , and 3,176 families residing in the city . The population density was 2,867.7 people per square mile ( 1,107.7/km² ) . There were 5,843 housing units at an average density of 1,428.0 per square mile ( 551.6/km² ) . The racial makeup of the city was 62.59 % White , 35.52 % African American , 0.07 % Native American , 0.18 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 0.18 % from other races , and 1.43 % from two or more races . Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.00 % of the population .
There were 5,124 households , out of which 24.4 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 35.7 % were married couples living together , 21.6 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 38.0 % were non-families . Of all households 35.0 % were made up of individuals , and 17.1 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.92 .
In the city , the population was spread out , with 23.5 % under the age of 18 , 7.6 % from 18 to 24 , 25.5 % from 25 to 44 , 20.9 % from 45 to 64 , and 22.5 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 40 years . For every 100 females , there were 82.7 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 77.2 males .
The median income for a household in the city was $ 25,113 , and the median income for a family was $ 34,003 . Males had a median income of $ 27,954 versus $ 21,358 for females . The per capita income for the city was $ 13,718 . About 17.7 % of families and 21.7 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 36.3 % of those under age 18 and 10.9 % of those age 65 or over .
Surrounding and adjacent neighborhoods [ edit ]
Aliquippa is entirely landlocked by Hopewell Township . Across the Ohio River , the city runs adjacent with , from north to south , the borough of Baden , Harmony Township and the borough of Ambridge which connects to Aliquippa via Ambridge-Aliquippa Bridge .
Notable people [ edit ]
Education [ edit ]
The city 's residents are served by the Aliquippa School District . Children may also choose to attend a public charter school : Beaver Area Academic Charter School , Lincoln Park Performing Arts Charter School , or the Pennsylvania Cyber Charter School , a statewide public charter school based in Midland . [ 14 ]
Private schools [ edit ]
Bethel Christian School
Hope Christian Academy
Sylvania Hills Christian
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
NEW DELHI ( Reuters ) - India began investigating on Sunday a train crash in which 23 people were killed , the fourth major accident over the past year on the world 's fourth biggest rail network which is grappling with chronic under-investment and over-crowding .
Rescue workers and onlookers stand next to derailed coaches of a passenger train at the site of an accident in Khatauli , in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , India August 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
The cause of the derailment about 130 km ( 80 miles ) north of the capital New Delhi , in the state of Uttar Pradesh , was not known , said Northern Railways spokesperson Neeraj Sharma .
Thirteen coaches of the train came off the tracks as it was heading to the Hindu holy city of Haridwar , police said .
The toll rose to 23 dead with at least 123 people injured .
Sharma said rescue operations had ended and a safety commissioner would launch an investigation later on Sunday .
The cause of the accident was not known and the driver of the train would be one of the first people to be questioned , Sharma said . They said the death toll could rise .
A member of the railway board told reporters there was information that suggested the derailment happened because of some repair work on the track .
“ If it is found that work was going on without adequate precaution and if there was any failure on the part of railway staff then appropriate action will be taken , ” said the board member , Muhammad Jamshed .
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said the board had been directed to “ fix responsibility ” by end of the day .
“ Will not allow laxity in operations , ” Prabhu said in a post on Twitter .
Train crashes are all too common in India after decades of poor investment and rising demand , which usually mean packed trains are running on creaking infrastructure .
Saturday 's accident is at least the fourth major accident this year and the third in Uttar Pradesh in 2017 .
A crash in November in Uttar Pradesh killed 150 people .
The network is in the middle of a $ 130 billion , five-year modernization .
In addition , the government launched a $ 15 billion safety overhaul in February after the surge in accidents blamed on defective tracks .
But in June , Reuters reported that the overhaul was facing delays as the state steel company could not meet demand for new rails .
Bitcoin may be making a few people wealthy , but it 's killing us all . The crypto-currency that 's caught the world by storm has a dark side : its carbon footprint .
At today 's value of roughly $ 1,000 per bitcoin , the electricity consumed by the bitcoin mining ecosystem has an estimated carbon footprint – or total greenhouse gas emissions – of 8.25 megatonnes ( 8,250,000 tonnes ) of CO2 per year , according to research by Bitcarbon.org . That 's 0.03 percent of the world 's total greenhouse gas output , or equivalent to that of the nation of Cyprus . If bitcoin 's value reaches $ 100,000 , that impact will reach 3 percent of the world 's total , or that of Germany . At $ 1 million – which seems farcical but which may not be out of the realm of possibility given the artificially limited bitcoin supply – this impact rises to 8.25 gigatonnes , or 30 percent of today 's global output , and equivalent to that of China and Japan combined .
Bitcoins are n't mined from the earth 's crust like most physical commodities – although at least that leaves tangible evidence of its environmental impact . Rather , they are “ mined ” by computers solving a set of complicated computational problems . These problems are designed to get more difficult over time , until the year 2140 when the 21 millionth ( and final ) bitcoin is mined . Early in bitcoin 's existence , it was feasible to run a successful mining operation with a standard PC . Now the task requires custom mining rigs that can run orders of magnitude more processes per second .
The top of the line model , which is currently made by a Swedish company called KnCMiner , costs around $ 13,000 and can mine at a rate 550 gigahashes per second : They 've sold $ 28 million worth , and soon these too will be obsolete . The total computational power of the global bitcoin mining network today is more than seven million gigahashes , and climbing . That 's 256 times greater than the world 's top 500 supercomputers , combined .
These computers are consuming so much electricity that it 's already unprofitable to mine in some regions of the world . According to Blockchain.info the total electricity cost of all mining acticity conducted over the last 24 hours was $ 19,652,986.38 , as the system consumed 131,019.91 megawatt hours . In April , Bloomberg Sustainability called bitcoin mining it a “ real-world environmental disaster. ” At the time , the system was consuming just 7,000 megawatt hours per day – things have increased 142-fold in the last eight months .
Bitcoin 's brilliance may also be its downfall . The entire system is built on a “ proof of work ” algorithm in which miners race to find the simplest and shortest piece of data to represent the ever-growing bitcoin transaction record , or blockchain . Proof of work solves the biggest challenge facing all preceding cryptocurrencies : How do you build a financial system among distributed nodes without trusted centralized clearinghouse , aka a bank ? Chris Dixon recently noted that this problem , which is called the byzantine generals problem in computer science , was previously thought to be impossible .
The answer to this problem , it turns out , was to pay miners a non-trivial amount to solve these problems and thus verify each block of bitcoin transactions . With enough miners , the system rolls on . But invisible to the naked eye , so does the massive carbon output . In fact , the cost of electricity is a systemic design consideration that bitcoin 's creators realized would regulate the pace at which bitcoins were mined . The thinking goes that as computers get more powerful , per Moore 's Law , the cost of mining bitcoin will fall back into reason – and then the race will begin again in earnest .
The exact carbon footprint of the bitcoin system is unknown . The above Bitcarbon figures are mere estimates based on several simplistic assumptions . First , the calculation assumes that miners will be willing to spend 90 percent of the value of a single bitcoin to mine it . This could be a gross underestimate if miners are willing to bet on appreciation . Second , these figures are based on the assumption that 50 percent of all mining activity takes place in the US and 50 percent in China . This is a deliberate oversimplification for arriving at a reasonable estimate of the blended cost and carbon output of first-world and second/third-world mining activities . It also raises the interesting point that , from an environmental perspective , not all bitcoins are created equal . Chinese bitcoins are “ dirtier , ” yet less expensive economically to produce than those mined in the US .
But , even if taken as just order-of-magnitude accurate , Bitcarbon 's math makes it obvious that we have a real problem on our hands here . Bitcoin 's carbon output impact threatens both the environment and it 's long term viability as an economic system . In fact , it 's inconceivable that major world governments would allow bitcoin ( or any other system ) to consumer a tenth or a third of the world 's carbon output , as is predicted .
There are things that can be done to offset or arrest bitcoin 's carbon footprint , but none are likely enough to make up for the design choices made by the system 's creators . Bitcarbon has introduced an offset program through which miners can voluntarily purchase carbon credits created from clean tech projects . But it 's unlikely that the desire for a clean conscience will be enough to drive such behavior .
Bitcoin could also follow in the footsteps of other alternative currencies , or altcoins , several of which have implemented alternatives to the proof of work system that do n't demand such computational heft . For example Litecoins , which many have referred to as “ silver to bitcoin 's gold , ” uses a different type of algorithm that is said to negate the benefit of utilizing specialized mining hardware . This does n't eliminate the carbon output of the system , but reduces it dramatically . Peercoin , on the other hand , is built upon a proof-of-stake system that distributes new coins based on the size of an individual 's holdings . This has its own drawbacks , but eliminates the need for mining rigs alltogether .
Unfortunately , the bitcoin ecosystem is likely too big and too distributed to implement significant changes to its proof of work system now . Such changes would require the majority ( likely 80 percent ) of all mining nodes to agree and to implement the shift simultaneously in order to preserve the systemic integrity . Without a central governing body or even leadership council , this is highly implausible .
For those concerned about bitcoin 's carbon footprint , the best recourse may be to promote the use of one of these altcoins in favor of bitcoin . The Litecoin system is currently less than 10 percent that of bitcoin in terms of total value , and its underlying infrastructure and level of public awareness both pale in comparison . But as the second largest digital currency it may have the best shot of all existing altcoins at reaching such meaningful scale as to challenge bitcoin 's dominance .
The Bitcoin phenomenon has reached fever pitch . And it 's only because of this mass adoption that we even need to have this environmental discussion . When bitcoin was just a curiosity shared by a few of the Web 's most fervent cypherpunks , the environmental impact of the system posed little cause for concern . But as this freight train powers ahead , and the values of both the overall system and individual coins continue to grow , the incentives to spew a little carbon into the air grow with them .
Now is the time to have this discussion , although , in all likelihood , the time has long since passed .
[ Image via SuccessfulWorkplace ]
In fact , they come from an asteroid , one called 3200 Phaethon . That 's unusual since most meteor showers are due to debris flying off of the tails of comets . Asteroids rarely have much debris to leave behind , but 3200 Phaethon is crumblier than most . Scientists are n't sure why that is ; some think it may have collided with something in the past , while others think it 's because its yearly path takes it so close to the sun that the temperatures cause it to fracture . In any case , the rocky crumbs it leaves behind fly into Earth 's atmosphere at a screaming 80,000 miles per hour ( 130,000 kph ) , heating up and vaporizing in bright streaks of light . Thanks to their unusual origin , the Geminids are considered one of the most prolific meteor showers of the year .
Lakewood is receiving people who need shelter . We are also receiving supplies such as baby food , baby formula and other shelter needs . — Lakewood Church ( @ lakewoodch ) August 29 , 2017
Victoria and I care deeply about our fellow Houstonians . Lakewood 's doors are open and we are receiving anyone who needs shelter . — Joel Osteen ( @ JoelOsteen ) August 29 , 2017
Hey Joel , do n't you have the biggest and richest church ? Why do n't you open up the doors and the wallet in the name of Jesus for the people ! — Mozez713 ( @ Mozez713 ) August 28 , 2017
@ JoelOsteen please seek the welfare of the city that you are in Support those that have supported you # HoustonStrong # PrayForHouston — Engage The Gospel ( @ JimRuquet ) August 28 , 2017
Joel Osteen wo n't open their church that holds 16,000 to hurricane victims because it only provides shelter from taxes . # HoustonStrong — Alan Spencer ( @ MrAlanSpencer ) August 28 , 2017
In the wake of widespread criticism over closing its doors to Harvey flood evacuees , Lakewood Church is taking in people as a shelter.The Lakewood Church Twitter account gave notice for its opening : Osteen also tweeted from their personal account that they and their wife , Victoria , `` care deeply about our fellow Houstonians . `` Over the weekend , a message posted to the Lakewood Church Facebook page said that church was `` inaccessible due to severe flooding . '' The post included information on rescue and shelter resources available in other parts of the city.But critics quickly took to social media questioning whether the building had been significantly impacted by the storm and calling on the church to do more for those affected by the flooding.In a statement Monday to ABC News , the church 's figurehead Joel Osteen said their organization was prepared to help those in need . `` We have never closed our doors . We will continue to be a distribution center for those in need . We are prepared to house people once shelters reach capacity . Lakewood will be a value to the community in the aftermath of this storm in helping our fellow citizens rebuild their lives . `` Lakewood Church also provided ABC News photos it says shows the flooding around the church .
Police cars near the Spring Hill prison in the Waikato , where a riot has broken out .
Smoke pours from the Spring Hill prison after prisoners lit fires and caused extensive damage to their cell blocks during a riot .
A `` gang related '' riot that left three Corrections staff and two prisoners injured and caused significant damage to Spring Hill prison in Waikato has now been suppressed .
Twenty seven inmates ran free in the courtyards of two cellblocks , lighting fires and smashing the facilities for more than eight hours .
The riot started around 11am and was suppressed by Corrections staff and police around 8pm .
Three Corrections staff were left with broken bones and two prisoners with undisclosed injuries .
Prison staff and emergency services should be commended for their resolution of the riot , said Corrections Minister Anne Tolley .
`` Our staff have done a tremendous job , and they have been helped out by both police and fire , '' they said
The fires threatened to endanger inmates who were not part of the rioting and 16 fire engines attended the scene .
Negotiators were called in to help resolve the situation .
Footage shot by 3News shows fires burning in the prison courtyards , with prisoners - some shirtless - seemingly celebrating the destruction caused .
The pictures show fires in two of the prison blocks , with another being lit as 3News were filming .
The Westpac rescue chopper was seen landing inside the prison .
Emergency services were called to the prison just before 1pm today , after reports of a stabbing and several other injuries .
Paramedics and police were initially unable to get into the prison due to the `` chaotic '' situation .
Corrections Northern Region Commission Jeanette Burns said there was never any danger to the public from the prisoners as the incident was brought under control by the response teams .
A heavy police presence along with fire and ambulance services will remain on the prison grounds overnight .
An investigation into how the event occurred is underway and a number of the inmates will likely face further charges .
Spring Hill is one of New Zealand 's biggest prisons , with a muster of about 1000 medium and high security male prisoners .
It is on a 215 hectare site near Meremere in the Waikato .
BEN CURRAN/Fairfax NZ PRISON : A riot has broken out at the Spring Hill Corrections Facility in Waikato .
Meanwhile , as the riots went on at Spring Hill , there was another fire set inside Auckland Prison .
It is understood guards were sent to the Waikato prison while prisoners were placed on lockdown at the site formerly known as Paremoremo .
Fairfax Media were told restless prisoners locked the landing gate and set a fire , which prison officers struggled to get to .
Eventually a fire hose was poked through a grill and extinguished the small blaze .
The Corrections Department acknowledged there had been “ an incident ” but would not discuss it further because it was thought to involve a single prisoner .
This is a community guest blog from Jakub Wozniak , a software engineer and project technical lead at CERN physics laboratory , further expounding and complementing their keynote at Spark Summit EU in Dublin .
CERN is a physics laboratory founded in 1954 focused on research , technology , and education in the domain of Fundamental Physics and Standard Model where its accelerators serve as giant microscopes and allow discovering the particularities of the basic building blocks of matter . Funded by 22 member states with approximately 2,500 employees and over 10,000 active users coming from all over the world , CERN is home to the largest and the most powerful particle accelerator in the world – the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) . Up to now , it is the most complicated scientific experiment that led to the discovery of the Higgs boson ( the particle predicted by the Standard Model ) in 2012 as announced by the ATLAS and CMS experiments .
As complex and interconnected particle accelerators , collectively they generate massive amounts of data per day . In this blog , I want to share our architecture for logging service and how we collect and process data at massive scale with Apache Spark .
But first , a bit of background on the family of CERN accelerators .
Particle Accelerators Chain at CERN
The LHC accelerator itself consists of a 27-kilometer ring of superconducting magnets with a number of accelerating cavities to increase the energy of the particles circulating inside its rings . But CERN itself is not only the LHC . In reality , it is a complex of interconnected particle accelerators arranged in a chain with each successive machine able to further increase the energy of the particles . The beam production starts with a simple hydrogen bottle at the Linac 2 , the first accelerator in the chain that accelerates protons to the energy of 50 MeV . The beams later on get injected into the Proton Synchrotron Booster where the proton bunches are formed and accelerated further to 1.4 GeV . The next accelerator in the chain is called the Proton Synchrotron which forms the final shape of the beam bunches and kicks the beam up to 25 GeV .
The particles are later sent to the Super Proton Synchrotron where they are accelerated to 450 GeV , from which they are injected using two transfer lines into two pipes of the LHC . This is where the beams go in opposite directions to be collided at the experimental sites . It takes around 25 minutes to fill the LHC with the desired particle bunches and accelerate them to their final energy of 6.5 TeV .
The energy per proton corresponds to approximately that of a flying mosquito ; however , the total accumulated energy coming from all the 116e09 protons per bunch and 2800 bunches in the beam gives an enormous energy , equivalent to that of an aircraft carrier cruising at 5 knots . Huge detectors in the experimental sites observe the collisions producing around 1PB of events per second that is filtered to around 30-50 PB of usable physics data per year .
Particles ' Journey , Devices , and Data Collectors
While the LHC is surely CERN 's flagship experiment , the laboratory engineers , accelerator operators , and beam physicists work hard to deliver various types of beams to other experiments located at the smaller accelerators around the complex . Before the users ( i.e . experimental physicists ) can analyze the data from the collisions , an enormous effort is put to make the whole complex work in a highly synchronized and coordinated manner . The typical accelerator is composed of the multitude of devices starting from various types of magnets like dipoles used to bend the particles , the quadruples to focus them or the kickers to inject/extract beam from/to other accelerators . The acceleration of the beam is carried out using radio-frequency cavities , and precise beam diagnostics instrumentation is used to measure the characteristics of the produced particle bunches . There are also many other systems involved in the beam production like orbit feedbacks , timing , synchronization , interlocks , security , radiation protection , etc .
For high-energy accelerators like the LHC , cryogenics plays a very important role as well . All of them will of course also need vacuum , electricity , and ventilation . In order to control all of the related devices , Operations teams require Control System ( s ) to monitor and operate the machine . At CERN even the smallest accelerators are usually composed of thousands of devices with hundreds of different properties .
All those devices are programmed with various settings and produce a number of observable outputs . Such output values need to be presented to the operators to help them understand the current state of the machine and allow them to respond to the events that happen every second in the accelerator chain . The data can be used in a form of online monitoring or offline queries . Software applications are used for everyday operations and present the current state of the devices , alarms , failures , beam properties , etc . Offline queries are required to perform various studies on controls data that are targeted at improving machine performance , beam quality , provide new beam types , design new experiments or even future accelerators .
Data Analytics and Storage Requirements per Day
Until now all of the acquired Controls data has been stored in a system based on two Oracle databases , which is called the “ CERN Accelerator Logging Service ” ( CALS ) . The system subscribes to 20,000 different devices and logs data for some 1.5 million different signals in total . It has around 1000 users all over CERN , which generate 5 million queries per day ( coming mainly from automated applications ) . CALS stores 71 billion records/day that occupy around 2TB / day of unfiltered data . Since this amount is quite significant for storage , heavy filtering is actively applied and 95 % of data is filtered out after 3 months . That leaves the long-term storage with around 1PB of important data stored long term since 2003 .
Limitations and Latencies of the Old System
Being a system that has been in production since a long time ( development started in 2001 ) some design principles that looked very good a decade ago do show some signs of ageing , especially under current data loads . For instance , the Oracle DB is difficult to scale horizontally and it is not a particularly performing solution for Big Data analysis when it comes to data structures different from simple scalars . One of the biggest problems is that in order to do the analysis , one has to extract the data and this might be a lengthy process . For some analysis use cases , it is shown to take half a day to extract a days-worth of data . Moreover , the data rates are not likely to go down , or even stay constant .
The CERN Council has approved the High-Luminosity LHC ( HL-LHC ) project to upgrade the LHC to produce much higher luminosities ( luminosity is a measure of the rate of collisions and is a figure of merit for accelerators that collide particles such as LHC ) . This will lead to much higher data taking frequencies from 1Hz to 100Hz , much bigger vector data and a desire for limited filtering that inevitably is linked with increased equipment testing and operational tuning during early stages of this project . Even bigger accelerators are being actively discussed like the Future Circular Collider ( FCC ) with a tunnel design of approximately 100km in circumference , stretching between the Jura Mountains and the Alps going under the Geneva Lake .
Future challenges aside , the current Oracle-based CALS system faced a challenging reality from the beginning of 2014 when the LHC entered into so-called “ run 2 ” phase ( see diagram below ) following 2 years of planned maintenance .
In the 3 years of LHC operation that followed , the data logging rates increased from a stable flat rate of 150 GB/day observed in “ run 1 ” to the linear increase currently reaching 900 GB/day stored long-term . Suddenly , the system has been confronted with a situation it was completely not prepared for .
The Next Generation Scalable Big Data Architecture with Apache Spark
These problems forced the responsible team to look into the domain of Big Data solutions and a new project was started called “ Next CALS ” ( NXCALS ) . An initial feasibility study aimed at selecting the right tools for the job at hand from the far too rich Apache Hadoop ecosystem . After 3 months of prototyping with various tools and techniques , Apache Spark was selected ( preferred over Apache Impala and Oracle ) as the best tool for extraction and analysis for Controls data backed up by the synergy of Apache HBase and Apache Parquet files based storage in Hadoop .
For the visualization , it was hard to neglect the emerging adoption of Python and Jupyter notebooks that was happening at CERN and other institutes involved with data science and scientific computing . This study truly set the scene , showing directions for how the Controls data could be presented to its users . The scalability of the new system relied on the CERN on-premise cloud services based on OpenStack with 250,000 cores available .
After 18 months of development , the new NXCALS system architecture is comprised of distributed Apache Kafka brokers pumping the data to Hadoop and using Apache Spark enhanced with NXCALS ' DataSource API to present the data to its clients .
Final Thoughts
A lot more is coming , the visualization is shaping its way through a new project at CERN that is called Service for Web-based Analysis ( SWAN ) based on Jupyter notebooks & Python forming a truly Unified Software Platform—something akin to Unified Analytics Platform—for interactive data analysis in the cloud with Apache Spark as a first-class citizen there . The potential in this synergy is high , and the first version of NXCALS on SWAN will be available as early as Q1 2018 , helping CERN scientists in their daily analysis work .
Read More
To read more about CERN projects , I recommend the following resources :
Charles Lynch expected to be sentenced to a mandatory minimum federal prison term Monday for operating a medical marijuana dispensary legal under state and local laws , but it did n't happen . Instead , US District Court Judge George Wu postponed the proceedings , telling prosecutors they wanted more information about what appears to be a Justice Department change of heart and policy regarding such prosecutions .
Charlie Lynch ( from friendsofccl.com )
Last week , Attorney General Eric Holder said the Justice Department would only prosecute medical marijuana providers who violated both state and federal law . Lynch 's case is one where they were clearly in compliance with state law in operating their Morro Bay dispensary .
Under Bush administration policy , which did not recognize any distinction between medical and non-medical marijuana , California dispensary operators were targeted for DEA raids and federal prosecutions with no regard for their compliance with state laws . Prosecutions like those of Lynch , who was found guilty in federal court last August , generated loud and boisterous solidarity movements , protests , and scorn toward the federal government .
Judge Wu said they did not believe the apparent change in policy would affect Lynch 's conviction , but they said they wanted to consider any new information about the policy change before they imposed sentence on the 47-year-old Lynch .
Federal marijuana law calls for mandatory minimum sentences in cases involving more than 100 pounds or plants , as was the case with Lynch . We can only hope , given the apparent turnaround in federal policy , that Judge Wu finds a way to make their sentence fit the new reality .
Today I 've got the Aromaleigh Fatalis Collection for you . It 's for Halloween 2015 . I LOVE indie Halloween collections and this one is no exception . These are utterly gorgeous , complex colors . This is a very picture heavy post . Atropa Belladonna and Nerium Oleander contain carmine . All other shades are vegan . I bought the pre-sale set of mini jars .
Where to Buy
Aromaleigh
Price
$ 35 demi sample set of 10 shades – 1/8 tsp in jar
$ 7.25 mini jar – 1/2 tsp
$ 3.50 sample jar – 1/8 tsp
I swatched these on Fyrinnae Pixie Epoxy . I shot them under different lighting conditions – my daylight bulbs and then warm light in my hallway which has some daylight coming in . They are incredibly sparkly under the warm light . Under normal lighting conditions ( where you have mixed light such as daylight from a window and overhead light in an office ) , you 'll see a lot of sparkle and color shift .
I think the video really shows off the gorgeous colors nicely .
Chironex Fleckeri
a base in a deeper blue-grey and it shifts to a brighter blue to teal and also violet
Plum grey base that shifts to blue to teal to violet to pink . I love this color ! Such a shade !
Nerium Oleander ( not vegan )
a vivid pink base that shifts to green and teal and occasionally a tinge of violet
Fuchsia pink base that shifts to green to teal to violet .
Atropa Belladonna ( not vegan )
a medium-deep purply mauve base which flashes to reddish pink and violet
Plum purple base with purple to pink to violet shift and you can sort of see reddish-bronze from some angles . Very pretty .
Helleborous Niger
a has a purplish taupe base and shifts to gold and chartreuse and aqua
Light chocolate brown base with gold shift and gold to copper to pink . I think this one is a really lovely lid shade for blue green eyes . It 's a neutral with a twist . It 's pretty unique in my vast collection .
Phoneutria Nigriventer
a black base with strong color travel from gold to bronze and even possibility of aqua to blue
Charcoal brown base with olive shift and gold to copper and green .
Phyllobates Terribilis
a warm green base and shifts of vivid gold to orange to reddish . You might even see a pop of violet
Fall in a jar ! Deep golden base with gold to orange to bronze to red to copper shift . I love this one to bits . It 's gorgeous and amazing . This makes me think of ILNP Abundance .
Leiurus Quinquestriatus
a distinctive warm greenish yellow , and did you know that all scorpions glow a teal/blue in ultraviolet light ? This shade has a base that is a smokey warm green with a golden glow , and interference shift that goes gold-chartreuse-green-teal
Greenish-brown base with teal to blue to green , and seems violet at the edges .
Hapalochlaena Lunulata
ranging from cocoa/copper to shifts of teal , chartreuse and even violet
Warm orange-toned brown base that shift to teal blue and violet .
Dendroaspis Polylepis
a neutral greyed/cocoa base with the copper to rose to violet shift
Burgundy red base with pink to violet to red . I love this one too .
Amanita Muscaria
a warm red base and strong gold to chartreuse color travel . You may also see aqua
Reddish orange base with red too gold to copper to lime . Another really fun color .
So about the names . I love the inspiration for the names – deady flora and fauna . However , I ca n't remember the names for the colors because they 're the scientific names . Oleander and Belladonna I 'm used to , but the rest are hard for me to remember .
Honestly , these remind me of ILNP Ultra Chromes in eyeshadow form . I think they 're stunning . My favorites in the collection are Chironex Fleckeri , Helleborous Niger , Atropa Belladonna , Phyllobates Terribilis , Dendroaspis Polylepis and Amanita Muscaria . These are the ones that I 'm debating buying larger jars of .
What do you think of Aromaleigh Fatalis ?
Every day I ask myself once again : “ How low will they go ? ” And then something like this happens ..
TPM : GOP Mailer In Pennsylvania Suggests Electing Obama Could Lead To Second Holocaust
A reader sends in a nasty mailer that just hit Philadelphia-area in-boxes , blasted out by a GOP group called the Republican Jewish Coalition , suggesting that a vote for Barack Obama could lead to another “ tragic outcome ” for the Jewish people . “ Concerned about Barack Obama ? You should be , ” the mailer warns . “ History has shown that a naive and weak foreign policy has resulted in tragic outcomes for the Jewish people. ” The mailer helpfully notes that the image is a pic of Obama speaking in Germany . Read more…
Why is it that the only way the GOP can win this election is by scaring the holy shit out of people ? They have NOTHING to offer in the way of moving this country forward , or fixing all that is broken in the wake of the Bush/Cheney Administration . This is so over the top , there are n't words…
So , here 's their message — their ONLY message :
FEAR — SMEAR — FEAR — SMEAR — FEAR — SMEAR — FEAR — SMEAR…
Well , are you afraid yet ? Is THIS what you want for this country ? Are these the people you want to lead us there ? Are THESE the people you want to decide our policies and the direction our country needs to go ?
VOTE and make your voice heard on November 4th !
: : : : : : : : : :
To users of Cydia , Icy and Appulous , alternatives to Apple 's App Store are nothing new , but soon there will be a new and unqiue player in the market . Promising to become `` the most beautiful application repository on the market '' appDowner will be the first App Store competitor to use BitTorrent technology .
During the summer of 2008 , iPhone developer Alec Renolds announced they were working on a BitTorrent application that would be capable of automatically downloading and installing iPhone applications . Provisionally named ‘ AppDowner ' , the project looked promising but faltered a little due to some personal issues .
Now things are back on track as Alec has teamed up with a new designer Miles Lorry to revitalize the newly and slightly renamed ‘ appDowner ' . Available in beta “ soon ” , appDowner will be compatible with iPhone 3.0 devices , so what 's the deal ?
“ The concept of appDowner has changed slightly , from being a simple ‘ smart ' BitTorrent application to a full on App Store replacement , ” explains Alec .
“ No longer will you have to remember and type in the URL to your torrent file , simply click the “ Store ” tab on appDowner , and you 'll be brought to a beautiful interface designed by Miles ( which is n't quite ready to be shown off yet , but they assure us that it will be very , very soon ! ) which will allow you to search and find the apps you 're looking for . ”
appDowner will be available soon
Unlike the official App Store , there will no iTunes-like approval process to get your own applications onto the appDowner store , with Alec promising that submissions to the system will be accepted within a week .
While BitTorrent is employed to serve apps to the user , the appDowner torrent client can also be used for non-appDowner downloads too
When released in beta , appDowner should become available via Cydia/Icy .
Stay tuned for updates
How Rise Of The Tomb Raider 's Xbox One Exclusivity Will End By Pete Haas Random Article Blend
Here 's a rough timeline of how everything 's going to play out :
August 13th - August 17th , 2014
Microsoft and Square Enix executives carefully state in Gamescom interviews that Rise of the Tomb Raider will be `` exclusive on Xbox for holiday 2015 . '' Journalists will attempt to parse this statement with poor results .
JOURNALIST : So when you say `` exclusive on Xbox for holiday 2015 , '' does that mean it 's exclusive to Xbox only in 2015 ? Or that it 's coming in 2015 and it 's an Xbox exclusive ?
EXECUTIVE : It means that it 's coming in holiday 2015 , exclusively to Xbox .
JOURNALIST : So is it a timed exclusive ?
EXECUTIVE : We 're putting the `` tomb '' back in Tomb Raider !
August 20th , 2014
Amazon begins accepting pre-orders for Rise of the Tomb Raider . The French version of Amazon lists the game for Xbox One , PS4 and PC . The PS4 and PC listings are taken down after widespread media attention . Square Enix does not comment .
October 15th , 2014
A Rise is also coming to PS4 and PC . They remove any mention of these platforms following widespread media attention . Square Enix does not comment .
November 1st , 2014
Square Enix officially confirms the platforms for Rise of the Tomb Raider : Xbox One , Xbox 360 and PC . They note that when they said `` exclusive to Xbox , '' they meant `` console exclusive . ''
December 11th , 2014
Square Enix premieres the first gameplay trailer for Rise during Spike 's VGX 2014 . At the same event , Naughty Dog shares Uncharted makes many PS4 gamers stop fretting over Rise for the time being .
The Internet realizes that an Xbox One treasure hunting game is going head-to-head with a PS4 treasure hunting game next fall and loses their minds . Half of the gaming articles published in the next year start with the phrase `` Uncharted 4 vs. Rise of the Tomb Raider . ''
March 4th , 2015
A voice actor for Rise of the Tomb Raider tweets a photo of a mo-cap session with hashtags # Xbox and # PlayStation . They delete the tweet following widespread media attention . Square Enix does not comment .
June 15th , 2015
During Microsoft 's E3 2015 press conference , the company shows off a new gameplay trailer from Rise . The trailer simply notes that the game is `` coming this fall , '' with no mention of exclusivity . In interviews with Square Enix , journalists bring up the constant rumors of a PS4 release .
JOURNALIST : Are there plans for a PS4 version of Rise of the Tomb Raider ?
EXECUTIVE : Right now we 're focused on releasing the game on Xbox One , Xbox 360 and PC .
JOURNALIST : What about after those versions launch ?
EXECUTIVE : This game really shows the human side of Lara . What are they willing to sacrifice to raid all those tombs ?
November 17th , 2015
Rise launches worldwide , two weeks after Uncharted 4 . A fresh round of comparisons between the two games are published . Depending on which game they favor more , websites are accused of being bribed by Microsoft or Sony .
January 4th , 2016
A Rise to PS4 hits 20,000 signatures . A Square Enix community manager responds by saying they admire fans ' passion for the series .
June 12th , 2016
During their E3 press conference , Sony shows off a trailer for the `` Definitive Edition '' of Rise of the Tomb Raider . The `` Definitive Edition '' includes the Arctic Warfare , Savage Lands and Forgotten Tombs DLC packs released for the other versions .
That same day , Microsoft announces Borderlands 3 is an Xbox exclusive for 2017 . Some day in the future , Square Enix will probably announce PS4 and PC versions of Rise of the Tomb Raider . The road to that announcement , however , will be long and painful.Here 's a rough timeline of how everything 's going to play out : Microsoft and Square Enix executives carefully state in Gamescom interviews thatwill be `` exclusive on Xbox for holiday 2015 . '' Journalists will attempt to parse this statement with poor results.JOURNALIST : So when you say `` exclusive on Xbox for holiday 2015 , '' does that mean it 's exclusive to Xbox only in 2015 ? Or that it 's coming in 2015 and it 's an Xbox exclusive ? EXECUTIVE : It means that it 's coming in holiday 2015 , exclusively to Xbox.JOURNALIST : So is it a timed exclusive ? EXECUTIVE : We 're putting the `` tomb '' back inAmazon begins accepting pre-orders for . The French version of Amazon lists the game for Xbox One , PS4 and PC . The PS4 and PC listings are taken down after widespread media attention . Square Enix does not comment . NeoGAF user notices that a Crystal Dynamics programmer 's LinkedIn profile saysis also coming to PS4 and PC . They remove any mention of these platforms following widespread media attention . Square Enix does not comment.Square Enix officially confirms the platforms for : Xbox One , Xbox 360 and PC . They note that when they said `` exclusive to Xbox , '' they meant `` console exclusive . `` Square Enix premieres the first gameplay trailer forduring Spike 's VGX 2014 . At the same event , Naughty Dog shares Uncharted 4 's second trailer , which announces a Holiday 2015 release . The prospect of a newmakes many PS4 gamers stop fretting overfor the time being.The Internet realizes that an Xbox One treasure hunting game is going head-to-head with a PS4 treasure hunting game next fall and loses their minds . Half of the gaming articles published in the next year start with the phrase `` vs .. '' A voice actor fortweets a photo of a mo-cap session with hashtags # Xbox and # PlayStation . They delete the tweet following widespread media attention . Square Enix does not comment.During Microsoft 's E3 2015 press conference , the company shows off a new gameplay trailer from . The trailer simply notes that the game is `` coming this fall , '' with no mention of exclusivity . In interviews with Square Enix , journalists bring up the constant rumors of a PS4 release.JOURNALIST : Are there plans for a PS4 version ofEXECUTIVE : Right now we 're focused on releasing the game on Xbox One , Xbox 360 and PC.JOURNALIST : What about after those versions launch ? EXECUTIVE : This game really shows the human side of Lara . What are they willing to sacrifice to raid all those tombs ? launches worldwide , two weeks after . A fresh round of comparisons between the two games are published . Depending on which game they favor more , websites are accused of being bribed by Microsoft or Sony . fan petition to bringto PS4 hits 20,000 signatures . A Square Enix community manager responds by saying they admire fans ' passion for the series.During their E3 press conference , Sony shows off a trailer for the `` Definitive Edition '' of . The `` Definitive Edition '' includes the Arctic Warfare , Savage Lands and Forgotten Tombs DLC packs released for the other versions.That same day , Microsoft announcesis an Xbox exclusive for 2017 . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
oil on wood , '' The Garden of Earthly Delights '' by Hieronymus Bosch , c. 1490-1510 , public domain
There 's a lot going on in painter Hieronymus Bosch 's turn of the 16th century-era triptych , `` The Garden of Earthly Delights . '' Its central and right panels show humans in the eponymous garden and hell respectively . It is , in fact , the hell panel where Bosch 's truly wicked sense of humor shines through in the various ingenious tortures they devised for sinners .
It was on one such torture victim that Amelia , a music student at Oklahoma Christian University , found several phrases of sheet music inscribed . On the man 's bottom , to be precise .
Then they decided that music needed to be heard . `` I decided to transcribe it into modern notation , assuming the second line of the staff is C , as is common for chants of this era , '' they said on Tumblr .
The result is a rather melodic little up-and-down tune that does n't seem to fit with the hell theme of the image . It is possible , though , that Bosch could n't actually write music and just put down what they thought looked cool .
The piece did get a little more atmospheric when another Tumblogger , wellmanicuredman , arranged it as a more period-appropriate Gregorian-style chant , complete with lyrics .
Amelia , though , noted that their work on the piece is not yet done . `` Just wanted to let people know that there are indeed errors in the transcription and this is indeed not a very good recording ( I threw this together in like 30 minutes at 1 in the morning , ) but I 'm working with the music department at my college to get the transcription more accurate , '' they said .
Hopefully they 'll come up with a catchier name than wellmanicuredman 's `` 600-year-old butt song from hell . '' We know what our vote is : `` Eine Kleine Buttmusik . ''
( Source : Crave Australia via The Guardian )
The dream car of your childhood can now be the dream car of your adulthood . A giant street-legal version of Little Tikes ' red-and-yellow car is currently for sale on eBay . It 's a one of a kind , and there are some real perks to it . There are huge windows ( although there 's no glass ) , an engine so that you do n't have to walk it around , and it should be easy to spot in a parking lot .
`` In the right hands could be quite phenomenal . ''
The car was built in 2013 by the custom vehicle shop Attitude Autos . You may have heard about it back then : after being featured on the BBC , video of the car went viral online . Since then , it 's been popping up at charity events around the UK — the shop behind it seems to hope that whoever buys it next will put it to the same use . `` We have managed to raise a substantial amount of money for children 's charities with the Crazy Coupe , so its potential in the right hands could be quite phenomenal , '' it writes .
Attitude Autos says that it took 16 weeks to create the car , transforming it out of a Daewoo Matiz . The car tops out at 70mph , seats two , drives manual , and now has around 5,000 miles of road use on it . The eBay page has it listed at £21,500 ( about $ 33,200 USD ) , down from what Attitude Autos says was the car 's initial appraisal of $ 46,000 USD .
When it comes to serving face , we 've got you covered . Whether you have a favorite brand or need help finding the perfect match , Sephora is your No.1 destination for everything beauty .
If you 're looking for the best makeup ( and we know you are ) , a good place to start is with our bestsellers . Read thousands of reviews from fellow makeup-lovers and find top rated products for your beauty routine . If you 're still having a hard time finding the perfect product , check out our buying guides and quizzes or consult millions of users in our Sephora Community .
Make sure you have a solid foundation with the perfect primer – this will ensure that the rest of your face makeup goes on smoothly and lasts longer . Next , it 's time for concealer . If you need just the right shade , refer to our Color IQ to make sure everything matches up . Color IQ can also help you find the best foundation shade ( and even brand ) for your coverage needs . Some of the most popular foundation brands include NARS , Stila and Fenty .
Add some color with a contour palette . Start with a darker , matte shade that simulates a shadowed-look and enunciates your cheekbones . Next , add some warmth with a bronzer in a C-shape along your hairline . Finally , apply blush for that perfect rosy look . Some of the best face palette brands include Tarte and Anastasia Beverly Hills .
Whether you want a natural or dramatic look can depend heavily on your eye makeup . For a natural look , stick to mascara , a very light eyeshadow ( if any ) and a boy brow . Make sure to get a good lengthening and volumizing mascara for extra lash definition . For a dramatic look , the options are endless . You 'll definitely need some liquid eyeliner , the perfect palette and all of the brushes necessary to get started . Try some of the top eye makeup brands like Urban Decay , Kat Von D and Too Faced .
Last , but not least – do n't forgot those lips ! A more subdued look may only require some lipgloss or a shade that 's closer to your skin tone . For fuller looking lips , make use of the right lip liner and some plumping gloss . You can always make your lips stand out with a bold shade in whatever finish suits your look , whether it be glossy or matte . A couple of our favorite brands are Huda Beauty and Buxom .
lover 's feet
From work obligations to play dates , doctor 's appointments and so much more , busy moms have a lot on their plates . But according to a new survey , many are having trouble juggling their parenting responsibilities with a risqué extra curricular activity -- infidelity .
Of 15,000 cheating mothers polled by infidelity site AshleyMadison.com , one in five said they 've found themselves in a `` sticky situation '' while trying to balance motherhood with an affair .
But that 's not all . In a press release published Tuesday , the site also revealed that they typically see the highest spike in female signups on the day after Mother 's Day . In 2012 , they saw a whopping 439 percent increase on that day as compared to a typical Monday .
`` Mother 's Day tends to magnify the flaws , leads to questions about the choices you have made , and ultimately fosters conclusions around doing something different for yourself , '' explains Ashley Madison founder and CEO Noel Biderman . `` This latter choice tends to be the genesis of many women 's journey into an affair . ''
Click through the slideshow below for five more eye-opening findings from Ashley Madison 's survey :
Ashley Madison Infidelity Stats For Moms SEE GALLERY
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China and Saudi Arabia will increase their cooperation in the oil sector , including in Saudi oil exports to China , the two countries said in a joint communique issued on Saturday at the end of Saudi Arabian King Salman 's visit to Beijing .
China 's President Xi Jinping and Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud arrive for a welcoming ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , March 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
The world 's largest oil exporter has been looking to cement ties with the world 's second-largest economy .
After losing market share to Russia last year , Saudi Arabia has sought to boost oil sales to China , the world 's second-largest oil market , by working mostly with China 's top three state oil firms .
“ Both countries are willing to raise their level of cooperation in the oil sector , including supplying Saudi oil to the continuously growing Chinese market , ” the two said in a statement issued by China 's official Xinhua news agency .
“ Both sides stress the importance of stability in world oil markets to the global economy ... China appreciates Saudi Arabia being a safe and dependable oil supplier to the world market , and the role it plays in ensuring the stability of the global oil market , ” it said .
Salman oversaw the signing of deals worth as much as $ 65 billion on the first full day of their visit to Beijing on Thursday .
China has traditionally played little role in Middle East conflicts or diplomacy , despite its reliance on the region for oil . However , it has been trying to get more involved in efforts to end Syria 's six-year-old civil war , where Riyadh supports rebels battling President Bashar al-Assad .
Last year , China also offered support for Yemen 's government , which is backed by a Saudi-led Gulf Arab coalition in a war against the Iranian-aligned Houthi movement that controls much of the country .
China has had to tread a careful line , though , as it also has close relations with Iran . Xi visited both Saudi Arabia and Iran in January last year .
The joint statement said both China and Saudi Arabia stressed their support for Yemen 's legal government .
China 's renewed diplomatic push with the Middle East continues next week when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits China .
Diplomatic sources say China is trying to play the role of “ honest broker ” in the Middle East , as it lacks the historical baggage of the Americans or the Europeans .
“ The Big Bang Theory ” fell to a new series low in the 18-49 demo on Thursday night , drawing a 2.4 rating in Nielsen overnight numbers . That 's down two-tenths of a point from last week , when the show initially drew a 2.4 in overnights , then ticked up to a 2.6 when final numbers came in . At 9 p.m. , “ Mom ” followed a “ Big Bang ” re-run with a 1.5 , up two-tenths , followed by “ Life in Pieces ” ( 1.2 , up one-tenth ) and “ The Amazing Race ” ( 0.9 , up two-tenths ) . CBS led the night in the demo , averaging a 1.4 rating and 6 share .
ABC was second with a 1.2/5 . “ Grey 's Anatomy ” fell one-tenth at 1.7 , followed by “ Scandal ” ( 1.3 , down one-tenth ) and “ The Catch ” ( even at 0.6 ) .
NBC averaged a 0.9/3 . “ Chicago Med ” inched up one-tenth at 1.1 , followed at 10 p.m. by “ The Blacklist , ” which was even at 0.8 . The Peacock aired re-runs at 8 p.m .
Fox was fourth with a 0.7/3 . “ MasterChef Junior ” was up one-tenth at 0.9. , with Fox airing re-runs in the 9 p.m. hour .
On The CW , “ Supernatural ” was even at 0.5 and “ Riverdale ” was up one-tenth at 0.4 . The network averaged a 0.4/2 on the night .
Over the past few days we 've seen the start of what seems to be a Legendary Land cycle of Ixalan .
Predicted by number crunchers who noticed the rare sheet was color imbalanced and by a close look of the Ixalan Full Map , these lands give us a bigger picture of the mythos of Ixalan . So in honor of @ vorthosjay ‘ s # flavorfriday let 's take a look .
Azcanta the Sunken Ruin
Azcanta is located under Ixalan 's Inner Sea and it 's name , close to both the Aztec Legendary city of Aztlan and the sunken city of Atlantis shines some light on its possible origins .
Remember , the Inner Sea looks very much like an impact crater , and if the theory that the Star of Extinction has hit Ixalan before is correct , Azcanta would have been directly in the path . This suggests Azcanta had something to do with how the Immortal Sun was lost by the Sun Empire .
The Temple of Aclazotz
Aclazotz takes their name from Camazotz , the Maya god of caves , death , the underworld and sacrifice . Tying the Mesoamerican lore more into the vampires is a great touch , hinting that the tribes of Ixalan are more connected than we thought . Camazotz being visually based on a Vampire bat also explains the pointed elf like ears of the Vampires on this plane .
Camazotz originated in the lore of the Zapotecs before being folded into the greater Quiche Mayan pantheon , and the exact nature of the figure varies . Sometimes a singular figure , and other times a group of bat like monsters , and sometimes a massive cave that was bridge to the underworld . Ixalan is using aspects of all these versions , with one Bat-God , an entire Bat-like race and a very Cave-like temple right in the heart of Vampire country .
Camazotz was also responsible for destroying humanity in an age of a previous sun ( note the Five Suns of Mesoamerican lore , in which the world is destroyed and restarted anew with a new sun and race of humans ) . The fact Ixalan had a previous apocalypse ( perhaps more than one ) means Aclazotz 's place in the lore may dig deeper into the mystery of Ixalan 's past .
Aclazotz being the sworn enemy of the Threefold Sun is n't a direct pull from real life , but rather a natural riff on the Sun being enemy to the night . This is reflected by how different the square and blocky Temple of Orazca looks from the pointed peaks and pyramids of Orazca . Aclazotz very well could have been the instigator in the Immortal Sun based doom that the merfolk fear will happen again should it be found .
Itlimoc , Cradle of the Sun
Itlimoc takes its name from “ -tli ” , which is a Nauatl suffix used for un-possessed nouns , and moch , the word for “ all. ” We previously saw Ixalan reversing native languages when it turned Tupac , the Inca ruler , into Pachatupa , the Capital of the Sun Empire.This specific reversal probably came from taking the end of the word for tree ( cuahuitl . )
The idea of an All-Tree or world tree is present in many religions ( Yggdrasil in Norse lore for example ) The Mesoamericans were no different , with several World trees appearing among the Olmec , Aztec , and Maya cultures . A specific aspect relevant to Ixalan would be the common use of water across the roots , and the name yax imix che ( Blue/green tree of abundance ) , that points the Merfolk Deeproot Tree as another example of this concept .
The Cradle of the Sun title is both a sly homage to Gaea 's Cradle the Eternal All-star whose effect is borrows but also to the idea that the Sun Empire actively nature the jungles of the island to give habitats for their dinosaurs a fun inversion of the common practice of clearing forests for livestock .
Wrap Up
Ixalan 's lore just goes deeper and deeper and I am loving the theorizing the community is doing and the pondering over it . Thanks a lot to vorthos jay for inspiring this post and the guys at reddit for bouncing ideas off of .
Story highlights `` When they walked in front of me , believe me , I was n't impressed , '' Trump said
It was not clear what they meant
Washington ( CNN ) Donald Trump said Friday they `` was n't impressed '' when Hillary Clinton walked by them at the presidential debate on Sunday .
`` The other day I 'm standing at my podium and they walk in front of me , right ? They walk in front of me and when they walked in front of me . Believe me , I was n't impressed , but they walk in front of me , '' they said at a campaign rally in Greensboro , North Carolina .
It was not clear what they meant when they said they `` was n't impressed '' and a message left with the Trump campaign was not immediately returned . But Trump has commented on women 's appearances in recent days , particularly those who have made sexual assault allegations against him .
They attacked one of their accusers ' appearances -- though they did n't specify which one -- at their rally Friday .
`` When you looked at that horrible woman last night , you said , ' I do n't think so . ' The stories are total fiction , they 're 100 % made up . They never happened . They never would happen . I do n't think they 'd happen with many people , but they certainly would n't happen to me , '' they said about about one of the women .
Read More
Even if you know nothing about the Broad Museum , you would still likely recognize the expansive , twinkling lights of Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama 's `` Infinity Mirrored Room—The Souls of Millions of Light Years Away '' . The installation has been at the downtown museum since it opened in 2015—and it 's played an equally pervasive role in L.A. 's collective Instagram feeds .
The museum 's Kusama holdings ( and Instagram dominance ) will soon increase sixfold when the Broad welcomes `` Yayoi Kusama : Infinity Mirrors , '' a survey of the artist 's work that will run from October 21 to January 1 , 2018 . The temporary exhibit will feature six ( ! ! ! ) of Kusama 's Infinity Mirror Rooms , and what we can only presume are equally infinite angles to document yourself visiting them .
The exhibit ( presented by the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden , Smithsonian Institution ) is making a tour across six venues in North America , and the stop at The Broad will be the only one in California .
Competition for limited entry will likely be fierce ( `` the popular exhibition has sold out at its previous venues , '' according to the Broad ) , so here 's what you need to know to snag tix .
All advance tickets will be released September 1 at noon and will be available on the Broad 's website . Adult tickets will cost $ 25 and include access to the entire special exhibition plus general admission to the museum ( general admission to the museum is always free , fwiw ) . Visitor ages 12 and under can enter for free , but must be accompanied by an adult and have a ticket ( and only two kids per adult , according to the Broad 's website ) . Tickets are timed-entry every 15 minutes and are non-transferable and non-refundable . A limited number of same-day standby tickets will also be sold for $ 30 .
`` Yayoi Kusama : Infinity Mirrors '' will run from October 21 to January 1 , 2018 at The Broad . Tickets go on sale on September 1 , 2017 at noon , and will be available on the museum 's website . Advanced tickets will be $ 25 for adults , free for children 12 and under . The tickets will include same-day general admission for The Broad 's third-floor galleries . On-site standby tickets will be $ 30 for adults , free for children 12 and under . The museum is at 221 S Grand Ave , Los Angeles . ( 213 ) 232-6200 .
Operation Dwarka was a naval operation by the Pakistan Navy to attack the Indian coastal town of Dwarka on 7 September 1965 . This was the first use of Pakistan Navy in any of the Indo-Pakistan Wars . [ citation needed ] It was one of the significant naval events of the 1965 Indo-Pak war , and Pakistan celebrates 8 September as `` Victory Day '' for Pakistan Navy . [ citation needed ]
As the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 broke out between India and Pakistan over Kashmir , armies and air forces of both nations were involved in intense fighting in the Punjab region and in Kashmir . To relieve pressure on the southern front , Pakistan decided to use its navy in the war by launching a quick strike on Indian coast . The primary objective of the attack ostensibly was to destroy the radar station at Dwarka which Pakistani Naval intelligence believed had a Huff-Duff beacon to guide Indian bombers . [ 2 ] Pakistani high command also hoped to divert the operations of the Indian Air Force away from the north .
Objectives [ edit ]
The mission objectives of Pakistan Navy are listed below : [ 3 ]
To draw heavy enemy units out of Bombay for the submarine PNS Ghazi to attack .
to attack . To destroy the radar installation at Dwarka .
To lower Indian morale .
To divert Indian Air Force effort away from the north .
The naval attack [ edit ]
On the night of 7 September , the Pakistan Navy launched its assault on Western Indian shores . Dwarka was chosen for its proximity 200 km ( 120 mi ) from Karachi Port ) , its lower defences and historical relevance . The plan called for a fleet of 7 naval vessels of Pakistan to bomb the town of Dwarka . It was aimed at luring the heavy ships anchored in Bombay into attacking the Pakistani ships to enable the submarine PNS Ghazi lurking in the Arabian Sea to engage and sink the Indian ships . Accordingly , a fleet of seven ships comprising PNS Babur , PNS Khaibar , PNS Badr , PNS Jahangir , PNS Alamgir , PNS Shah Jahan and PNS Tippu Sultan set sail for Dwarka and bombarded the town .
The warships harbored in Bombay were under refit and were unable to sortie , nor did PNS Ghazi encounter the active combatants on the West coast . [ 4 ] As per Pakistani sources , the objective to divert the Indian Air Force from attacking Pakistan 's southern front worked as the Indian Air Force raids on the city of Karachi ceased . This was presumed to be due to lack of availability of the radar guidance , which the Pakistanis claimed was damaged in the attack . [ citation needed ] However , Indian sources reject this and say the radar was undamaged and Indian Air Force never engaged in any offensive operations in the area during the 1965 war . [ 5 ]
The Indian Navy 's official version of events states that , at around 23:55 hours , the Pakistani vessels fired on Dwarka for more than 20 minutes . The ships fired around 50 shells each , which included 5.25 inch rounds fired by the Pakistani cruiser PNS Babur . The report adds that most shells fell between the temple and the railway station , which lay 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) from the lighthouse . Some buildings were hit , with only the Railway Guest House suffering some minor damages and a cement factory of Associated Cement Company was also hit . Smoke from the damage was visible to the Pakistani warships approximately 20 km ( 12 mi ) away . [ 1 ]
The radar installation was shelled during the bombardment but neither the radar was damaged nor were any casualties reported by Indian sources . [ 6 ] A frigate INS Talwar was in nearby Okha port undergoing repairs and did not intervene . [ 6 ] Hiranandani 's history of the Indian Navy states that : [ 6 ]
Next morning they ( INS Talwar ) was directed to send a team to Dwarka to assess the damage . The team found that most of the shells had fallen on the soft soil between the temple and the radio station and failed to explode . The air attack damaged a railway engine and destroyed a portion of a railway guesthouse .
A total of 40 unexploded shells were also recovered intact . [ 1 ] The shells bore the mark `` INDIAN ORDNANCE '' ; these were dated from the 1940s before the Partition of India into India and Pakistan . [ 1 ]
Radio Pakistan , however , transmitted that Dwarka was badly damaged . [ 1 ]
Naval command [ edit ]
The following is the list of commanding officers of the Operation Dwarka : [ citation needed ]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Operation Dwarka was a significant naval operation of the 1965 war , [ 3 ] [ 7 ] considered by some as a nuisance raid or of little strategic value . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] The Ministry of Defence had issued written instructions which ordered the Indian Navy `` not to proceed two hundred miles beyond Bombay nor North of the parallel of Porbander '' . [ 11 ] The lack of response by the Indian Navy to the attack on Dwarka led to questions being asked in Indian parliament and was considered a humiliation by Indian citizens and Navy personnel and a challenge to be answered by others . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] The Chief of Naval Staff , Vice Admiral B.S . Soman was restrained from retaliation for the Dwarka raid by the Defence Minister . [ 11 ] Of the Indian Navy 's 23 ships , ten were under refit in Bombay , including the Vikrant , the cruiser Delhi , three destroyers and two frigates . [ 6 ] [ 15 ] An Indian source explained this by saying that the Indian Government did not want to get into a naval conflict with Pakistan , but wished to restrict the war to a land-based conflict . [ 16 ] The failure of INS Talwar to retaliate , then undergoing repairs to their condensers in Okha , [ 17 ] has been lamented by Indian Vice Admiral N. Krishnan who said that no Government would blame a warship going into action , if attacked . [ 13 ] [ 18 ] PNS Ghazi continued to patrol Kachhh and Bombay coasts spotting aircraft positions when snorkeling . [ 19 ]
The Dwarka raid is considered by Pakistani sources as being a prime reason for the Indian Navy 's subsequent post-war modernization and expansion , with an increase in budget from ₹35 crore ( equivalent to ₹17 billion or US $ 230 million in 2017 ) to ₹115 crore ( equivalent to ₹40 billion or US $ 560 million in 2017 ) . [ 13 ] The Dwarka raid , as per an Indian historian G. M Hiranandani , led to the procurement of missile boats by the Indian Navy from the Soviet Union for the Defense of Kutch . These were subsequently used by India in Operation Trident in the 1971 war . [ 20 ] However , they attribute the expansion of the Indian Navy in the period 1965 to 1975 to the post-1962 planned expansion of the Indian Navy with many ships being negotiated and purchased from the Soviet Union prior to the war . [ 21 ]
Popular culture [ edit ]
In 1998 , Inter Services Public Relations ( ISPR ) financed and produced the dramatization of the operation named , `` Operation Dwarka , 1965 '' , which was based on this incident . The film was directed by Pakistani film director Qasim Jalali and it was written by Hameed Kashmiri . [ citation needed ]
See also [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Updated on August 13 , 2013
We 've received questions from consumers about the changes in federal student loan interest rates that are scheduled to take effect on July 1 . We 've answered some of these questions below .
Will changes in federal student loan interest rates impact me ?
For the vast majority of borrowers currently on the hook for over $ 1 trillion in student loan debt , the answer is no . Existing loans are not impacted . Existing borrowers can learn more about their options by using our Repay Student Debt tool and Ask CFPB .
However , for undergraduates taking out Direct Subsidized Loans , there will be some changes . The Congressional Budget Office estimates that there will be approximately 9.4 million Direct Subsidized Loans made in 2014 , with a total value of over $ 28 billion . Currently , there are roughly 39 million borrowers with federal student loans . Here 's a comparison of some terms between this month and next month :
Key terms of Direct Subsidized Loans
Today July 1 Interest rate while in school 0 percent 0 percent Interest rate after school 3.4 percent 6.8 percent Loan limit per year $ 3,500 to $ 5,500 $ 3,500 to $ 5,500
As of last July , graduate and professional students can not take out new subsidized loans , so this change wo n't affect non-undergraduates . Again , this does not impact rates in loans you already took out or loans that are n't based on financial need , like the Direct Unsubsidized Loan .
Loans under the new interest rate structure continue to have 0 percent interest while in school . Here 's how it might impact your approximate monthly payments on the standard ten-year repayment schedule :
Subsidized loan debt after grace period Payment under existing rate Payment under new rate Increase in annual interest cost $ 5,000 $ 49.21 $ 57.54 $ 99.96 $ 10,000 $ 98.42 $ 115.08 $ 199.92 $ 15,000 $ 147.63 $ 172.62 $ 299.88 $ 20,000 $ 196.84 $ 230.16 $ 399.84
Many of you have asked about the various proposals from lawmakers that might change the future interest rate structure for federal student loans . If rates change to a variable structure , this may make it more challenging for families to use the existing version of our Paying for College tools to estimate monthly student loan payments . We 'll be monitoring these proposals closely and will be asking for your feedback on how to adjust the tool should these proposals become law .
Is it true the government makes a profit on student loans ?
The Congressional Budget Office regularly releases projections on the costs of various loan programs . The latest calculations show that in fiscal year 2013 , for every $ 1 lent to new borrowers , Direct Subsidized Loans are expected to bring in $ 1.14 in revenue , and Direct Unsubsidized Loans will bring in $ 1.40 in revenue . Of course , these are just estimates . For example , if borrowers have access to attractive refinance options to take advantage of historically low interest rates , these revenues would go down .
It 's worth noting that the Congressional Budget Office calculates these estimates in a way that may not include all of the operating costs of administering the loan program , so it ca n't be exactly compared to the way a bank might account for its profits and losses .
What should I do if rates double ?
Given that the in-school rate is still 0 percent , a Direct Subsidized Loan is still likely the best option if you qualify . Since almost all private student loans accrue interest while you 're in school , you 'd need to find an equivalent fixed rate option of less than 4 percent if you want your payments to be the same or less compared to the Direct Subsidized Loan .
Even if you are able to find that rate , you 'd miss out on some important benefits , like Income-Based Repayment and 0 percent interest if you went back to school .
Rohit Chopra is the CFPB 's Student Loan Ombudsman . To find out more information about the CFPB 's work for students and young Americans , visit consumerfinance.gov/students .
Updates
Updated on August 13 , 2013 :
Last week , the president signed legislation passed by Congress to adjust federal student loan interest rates for this academic year . Here 's what the new rates look like :
Loans Interest rates Direct Subsidized and Unsubsidized Loans ( for undergraduate students ) : Fixed at 3.86 % Direct Unsubsidized Loans ( for graduate/professional students ) : Fixed at 5.41 % Direct PLUS Loans ( for parents and graduate/professional students ) : Fixed at 6.41 %
The rate for Perkins Loans ( for undergraduate and graduate/professional students ) remains fixed at 5 % .
Two weeks ago , the Christian Broadcasting Network tried to cover up remarks made by Pat Robertson , the founder of CBN and host of its flagship show the 700 Club , about how they believe gay men wear special rings that cut the hands of people they meet in order to infect them with HIV/AIDS .
CBN not only had the video we posted of Robertson 's comments removed from YouTube by complaining that it violated copyright laws , but also edited the comments out of its own broadcast of the show .
We reposted our video elsewhere , but CBN also had it removed from websites such as Vimeo and Dailymotion .
We filed a counterclaim with YouTube asserting that our video was protected by Fair Use and yesterday we finally received word that our video had been restored :
But the episode reveals the lengths CBN will go to hide and censor the statements made by its own leader . Now , the network is even considering legal action against a documentary critical of Robertson .
A 9-year-old boy in Texas had been saving their money for months to buy a PlayStation 4 , but then Hector Montoya saw something that changed their priorities , according to KTVT .
Montoya almost had enough money to buy their dream toy , when they saw a sad story on the news about a mother and daughter who died in a house fire , the television station reported .
It turned out , their home did n't have a smoke detector .
“ It really hurts my heart to see people die in fires , ” Montoya said .
So , the Grand Prairie boy took all of the money he 'd saved and bought almost a hundred smoke detectors , the station reported .
According to KTVT , the local fire department helped Montoya install the devices in the homes of seniors and others in need .
Word of the boy 's generosity inspired others to donate to the cause .
Click here if you would like to contribute to “ Hectors Detectors . ”
CNN contributed to this report .
TAUNTON - Gov . Charlie Baker said their positions on both South Coast Rail and charter schools are about giving people “ options . ”
“ We wanted to at least give people the opportunity to consider the option of getting something a lot sooner , ” Baker said Monday night about the Middleboro rail route in a brief interview at a fundraiser for State Rep. Shaunna O'Connell at the Portuguese American Civic Club on School Street .
Drawing a map in the air as they spoke , Baker said Monday both the Stoughton and Middleboro routes would include trains from Fall River and New Bedford to Taunton .
With the Stoughton route the train would then head north from Taunton to Boston .
With the Middleboro route it would take a jog east from Taunton over to Middleboro and then up to Boston .
With the cost estimates skyrocketing for the Stoughton route and the completion date pushed back to 2030 , Baker said they support at least performing cost estimates on Middleboro and weighing the options .
But officials in Taunton have been adamantly opposed to reviving the Middleboro route - including Mayor Tom Hoye , State . Sen. Marc Pacheco and O'Connell herself .
Both routes pass through Taunton , but with the Middleboro route , it 's a glancing blow – a single stop on the outskirts of the city as opposed to two stops with the Stoughton route , including one a half-mile from downtown , Pacheco said last month .
Hoye has called Middleboro a “ zig-zag ” route that would be a “ kick in the teeth ” to Taunton .
At a debate last Thursday with their opponent - Democratic challenger Estele Borges - O'Connell said : “ I talk to the governor . I am able to meet with ( Massachusetts Department of Transportation Secretary Stephanie Pollack ) and discuss these things . I am going to work as hard as I can to convince them that the Stoughton route is the right way to go , not just for Taunton , though especially for Taunton , but really for the entire region . There will be faster service to Boston . There will be more ridership , and , therefore , more revenue . ”
Baker declined to comment Monday on any discussions he 's had with O'Connell about South Coast Rail .
On the issue of charter schools , Baker said studies have shown that charter schools do not harm public schools and they favor them as an “ option ” for families . They said all the students currently enrolled in charter schools and on waiting lists for charter schools combined only amount to 7 percent of the school-aged children in Massachusetts .
Ballot Question 2 in the Nov. 8 election would lift the cap on the number of charter schools in Massachusetts .
Several students from Bridgewater State University College Republicans also turned out for O'Connell 's “ Octoberfest , ” which packed the PACC Monday night .
For Kayla Haskins , a 21-year-old senior , this will be the first Presidential election in which she 's old enough to vote and she 's not happy with my options .
“ I like the Republican party , but I do n't like Trump , ” said Haskins , a Kingston resident .
“ Honestly , I do n't like either candidate . ”
In Thursday 's debate between O'Connell and Borges , Borges said that O'Connell has trouble getting along with their fellow Republicans and was “ demoted ” from the powerful “ Ways and Means Committee . ”
O'Connell did not get into specifics but responded , “ I will never sell you out or sit down and shut up just so I can stay on a committee . ”
Monday Baker staunchly defended O'Connell .
“ That is n't supported by the record . She 's got a track record that shows they can get along with people and knows how to get things done , ” Baker said .
The promise of cloud computing is very compelling . Just listen to the pitch for hybrid clouds : “ If your organization needs more computing resources , why purchase extra hardware ? Just set up a connection to a public cloud , use the extra machines to your heart 's content , and stop using them when your needs are satisfied . ”
Sounds nice , does n't it ? To be sure , the advantages of any type of cloud computing , be it completely private and internal , public and external , or something in-between , are very real . But there 's potentially a big difference between the promise of instantly expanding your company 's infrastructure and the reality of getting your systems and the cloud 's completely and securely talking to each other .
Thinking about this on the network level alone brings up some daunting questions : if your organization is a public company , you ca n't just trustingly connect to a public cloud infrastructure . Your company may have procedural and even regulatory security requirements to meet that would prevent such connections .
This is the kind of challenge Lori MacVittie sees organizations facing as they increasingly are drawn to the lure of the cloud . MacVittie , is the Senior Technical Marketing Manager at F5 Networks , an international firm that , among other services , specializes in delivering cloud solutions at the application level .
MacVittie has participated in a number of cloud deployments , both internal and external , and has some definite ideas on a best-practices approach to cloud security and authorization concerns .
“ The first thing you have to ask yourself is , ” MacVittie explained , “ what 's the purpose of the cloud you 're setting up ? Why are you building it ? ”
That high-level question may seem obvious , but really examining it may give you some clues as to what kind of security solution you will need for your cloud deployment . Is the cloud internal ( private ) or external ( public ) ? What are you deploying ? Is it cross-domain ? What kind of authorization strategy does your company use now ?
This last question , MacVittie emphasized , is a big one . When thinking about the cloud you want to build , they said , think about what kind of security requirements , procedures , and regulations do you already have in place with your internal systems ? With that in mind , you should plan for how those security procedures will look when projected to an external or external/internal cloud deployment .
What parts of your existing security and authorization procedures absolutely need to be replicated out on an external set of machines ? Virtual or otherwise , the machines on the cloud must be maintained in a way similar to any other machine in your internal network .
This is perhaps the biggest challenge to best-practices thinking that organizations must face . It 's not that public clouds are n't secure—that 's the biggest myth MacVittie and their peers have to debunk . Public clouds are indeed very secure , but only in the most generic sense . For instance , MacVittie related , Amazon Web Services is fully PCIDSS compliant , but Amazon 's approach to security may not match a given organization 's security and authorization procedures .
Above all , it 's critical to keep all such security controls close .
“ You always need to maintain control , especially when identity is concerned , ” MacVittie stressed .
The principle applies no matter what kind of authorization system you have in place , be it LDAP , Active Directory , or even data from a human resource database . Whatever your internal authorization scheme , you must find a way to duplicate that authorization so that , to your users and applications , the cloud machine uses exactly the same centralized authorization .
This may mean ( if you 're lucky and happen to match the cloud provider 's security protocols ) you can plug right into a cloud . But if that best-case scenario does not work , you will need to make sure the provider will work with your security policies . If not , you should find one that will .
Sometimes , depending on the solution you 're trying to deploy , you may need to leverage a custom solution to authorization and security policies , MacVittie said , as no provider may meet your needs . That 's to be expected , but it something that should be considered when planning a cloud deployment .
In general , the “ higher ” up the stack your authorization policies apply , the easier authorization schemes can be translated to the cloud . Applications , for instance , can carry their own authorization policies with them . But , MacVittie explained , as you move down the stack , such as solutions that depend on network topology , the authorization plan could become more complex .
There are other security aspects to consider , when planning on an external cloud deployment . For instance , you may want to conduct an independent security audit of a cloud provider to make sure they can deliver on their promises . In fact , your own policies may require such an audit .
While you 're at it , find out with whom the cloud provider partners and discover exactly if or how these partners might touch your data . Ideally , not at all , but even cloud providers need support sometimes , and their support vendors may be put into a position to see your data . This may not be a dealbreaker , but you will at least need to confirm the provider 's policy if such a situation occurs .
Regulatory requirements do n't just apply to security and authorization issues : data management must also be considered . Where , physically , where your data be stored and what , if any , laws are in place at that location regarding data protection and management ? Have your legal team take a look at those rules and be sure they are compatible with your own policies and regulatory requirements . If they are not , this likely is a dealbreaker , because you never want to expose your data to incompatible jurisdictions .
Finally , make sure your own house is in order before you start deploying to a cloud . How are your own security procedures working ? Do they meet the overall goals of the company 's security needs ? That 's on the high level as well as every day use : are your employees complying with the policies you have in place ? If they are n't , find out why . Whether it 's a technological issue or an educational one , it 's important that users are compliant with security internally before they start using cloud-based resources . The strongest security setup in the world is no match for an easily guessable password .
Though MacVittie addressed their comments to the authorization aspects of cloud deployment , there is much to be said for the central concept they highlight : keep as much as possible under your control . This is true for authorization , and it 's applicable to all of these security aspects . If the cloud is going to be effectively part of your IT resources , however briefly , then make sure you have control of as many aspects of the deployment and security process as possible .
The advantages of the cloud are powerful , and taking authorization and security into account as you deploy your solutions will help you find the silver lining faster .
The Event
This is a free event ! If you like this event or services we provide , please consider donating so we can keep them coming . If you are a restaurant and would like to participate , please drop us a line at biketoeatweek @ ghisallo.org .
Rewards
10 % discount on your meal ( food at all establishments and alcohol at most ) . Strong legs and a healthy cardiovascular system .
Rules
The discount is only available to cyclists who arrive at the establishment by bicycle . Each cyclist may be required to show they arrived by bike ( helmet , bike lock key , or locked up bike ) to receive the discount .
Dine in only . Limit one ( 1 ) meal per cyclist , per restaurant , per day . The discount is only valid Friday May 1st , 2015 through Thursday May 7th , 2015 during normal business hours and may not be combined with other discounts or coupons .
A ranking by streaming company Netflix says Bell has the fastest internet speeds in Canada , and Rogers has the slowest .
Netflix included Canada in its global rankings for the first time last month , adding it to a list of 20 countries in which it operates and monitors how data transfer is getting faster — or slower — over time .
Netflix customers who streamed movies or TV shows through Bell 's fibre optic network in April had an average speed of 3.19 megabits per second , while Rogers ' average speed was just 1.67 Mbps , the company said .
Data should be seen as a utility . - Neal Bearse , Queen 's University professor
​Those two companies were the fastest and slowest , respectively , in Netflix 's rankings of 14 Canadian ISPs .
Rogers said in a statement that numerous other surveys have found their network to be the fastest in Canada , and notes that the numbers released Monday refer only to Netflix data — not other types of web traffic .
`` These results only apply to customers ' specific Netflix connection and not overall internet speeds , '' a spokesperson for Rogers told CBC News . `` Netflix 's test was done just before we virtually doubled Netflix capacity and we 'll continue to add more capacity as it 's needed . ''
A request for comment by CBC News to Bell Canada was not immediately returned .
Netflix 's complete Canadian rankings , with speeds , were as follows :
Bell Canada ( fibre optic ) , 3.19 Mbps
Bell Aliant ( fibre optic ) , 3.1
Shaw , 3
Videotron , 2.82
Cogeco , 2.78
Eastlink , 2.76
Teksavvy , 2.76
Distributel , 2.73
Telus , 2.54
Bell Canada ( DSL ) 2.53
Allstream , 2.52
Sasktel , 2.24
Bell Aliant ( DSL ) 1.79
Rogers , 1.67 .
For a Netflix customer , connection speed would affect the quality of the image and audio being received , and whether the system frequently pauses itself during playback to rebuffer . Broadly speaking , the higher the speed number , the better the picture and audio quality , and the less likely it is to pause .
The rankings are based on more than a billion hours of streaming time every month by Netflix 's 48 million customers worldwide . The company acknowledges that average speeds are quite often beaten by peak performances , but it says its numbers `` are an indicator of the performance typically experienced across all users on an ISP network . ''
Speed can be affected by back-end factors on an ISP 's infrastructure , but can also be temporarily slowed by factors such as what else the customer 's local network is doing at any given time , and how many devices they have connected to the internet .
It 's been estimated that Netflix makes up almost a third of all data transferred over the internet at times , so the company 's findings on connection speeds are illustrative .
`` It 's an important thing to be aware of as Netflix enters into territory that affects the businesses of Bell and Rogers and a lot of the other ISPs , '' Queen 's University University business professor Neil Bearse said in an interview . `` They 're stepping up to the plate and making a case for net neutrality . ''
Across Canada as a whole , the average Netflix user saw download speeds of 2.52 Mbps last month .
`` As a country , the average speed for Netflix in Canada beats that of the United States , but ranks below most European nations , '' Netflix said on its website .
The average U.S. speed was 2.33 Mbps , while it was 3.49 Mbps in the Netherlands , 3.21 Mbps in Sweden and 3.167 Mbps in Denmark .
The slowest country in Netflix 's rankings was Costa Rica , with an average speed of 1.18 Mbps .
Netflix 's numbers are interesting for Canadian consumers to note as they make their purchasing decisions , Bearse said .
`` It becomes a pretty scary world when the companies that are providing you with access to internet and wireless data are being influenced by the way that they are making money in other business units , '' Bearse said .
`` Data should be seen as a utility rather than something that can be shaped depending on people 's business perspectives , '' they said .
Best Board Games , Blog
8 Best Board Games To Play Alone
April 30 , 2015
There is somewhat of a taboo against playing a board game alone , but this can be as enjoyable and engaging as playing with others . We conducted a survey to find out exactly which board games are better to play by yourself , and the results were quite surprising .
So without further ado , here are the best board games to play by yourself .
8 Best Board Games To Play Alone
Created by the Renowned Game Designer , Vlaada Chvatil , Mage Knight is a game of Epic Exploration and Conquest that mixes character development , intrigue , and the clashing of swords to create a truly unique gaming experience .
Friday is a solo adventure – only you can win the game . You are helping Robinson , who came ashore on your island , fight against many hazards .
Four diseases have broken out in the world and it is up to a team of specialists in various fields to find cures for these diseases before humankind is wiped out . This board can be played alone or with friends .
Wu-Feng , the Lord of Nine Hells , has discovered the village hiding the funeral urn containing their ashes . Four Taoist priests protect the village , as hordes of ghosts and demons descend on the town to reclaim the remains of their evil overlord .
A cooperative pr solo board game where the players attempt to clean out an infestation of hostile aliens from a derelict spaceship . Set in the Warhammer 40,000 universes , players take on the roles of Space Marines pitted against hordes of Genestealers .
This is a war board game where the purpose of building your empire is not to feel good about your achievement , but to destroy your enemies and burn their colonies .
This board game is designed to be played solo . Astra Titanus is a solitaire game of space opera battles featuring fleets of highly advanced military starships that are dwarfed by a single alien robotic ship – a STAR TITAN .
Agricola is one of the best games to play alone . In this board game you 're a farmer in a wooden shack with your spouse and little else . On a turn , you get to take only two actions , one for you and one for the spouse , create your farm from scratch to maintain your livelihood .
A business illegally dumped several thousand gallons of cooking grease into a city manhole , causing water contamination and intensive cleanup .
“ I 'm concerned that somebody thought that this was OK to do or did n't care , ” said Matt Bond , city stormwater engineer . “ Somebody had to have known that this was wrong and they still did it . ”
Bond said the grease was dumped last week into a manhole near the intersection of West Sixth Street and Monterey Way and was of a magnitude they had not seen before . They said it is n't yet known what business dumped the grease , but that it was done deliberately .
“ It was n't just a five-gallon pail that somebody dropped in there , ” Bond said . “ It almost looks as if somebody opened up our manhole and a grease truck deliberately dumped stuff into it . ”
Cooking grease — whether it be animal fat or vegetable oil — is as damaging to the environment as petroleum oil , according to the Environmental Protection Agency . Dumping oil of any kind is illegal under federal law and city ordinances that regulate pollutants , and Bond said the Lawrence Police Department is investigating the incident .
Specifically , the manhole used by the business to dump the grease is located between Hy-Vee grocery store and a strip mall that includes Chipotle , Subway and Little Caesars Pizza . The manhole and adjoining storm sewer line are located in the Quail Creek watershed . The city issued a health and stream advisory Saturday for the area near Sixth Street and Monterey Way after elevated bacteria and contaminants were detected .
After a days-long cleanup of the city sewer system and the creek , Bond said the advisory was lifted Wednesday . They said the city hired plumbers to clean the city sewer lines , a hazardous materials cleanup crew to decontaminate the creek and a septic service to collect runoff from the cleaning .
Bond said the total cost for the cleanup is n't yet known , but that “ easily dozens ” of hours were spent , some of which were after regular business hours .
“ Ace Pipe Cleaning came out Friday night and was here until 1:30 Saturday morning cleaning that pipe , ” Bond said . “ And then Monday we came out and started cleaning up the stream banks . ”
Bond said before the decontamination , the creek was covered with a sheen of oil .
Dumping or spilling animal fats and vegetable oils can cause “ devastating impacts ” on aquatic environments , according to the EPA . A spill of only one gallon of oil can contaminate a million gallons of water . Spills can suffocate animals and plants by coating them with oil , form toxic products , produce rancid odors , clog water treatment plants and catch fire when ignition sources are present .
Dumping is illegal under the Clean Water Act , and federal regulations for the discharge of cooking oils have the same prevention and control requirements as for petroleum oil .
The Lawrence Police Department did not immediately respond to a request for additional information regarding the investigation Wednesday afternoon .
Peter Rezk Global Market Manager Wheaton
Manage the Interplay of Proteins , Surfaces , and Buffers to Keep Your Valuable Biomedical Products from Binding to Your Labware
Protein adsorption , the nonspecific binding of protein molecules to solid surfaces , has always complicated the development as well as the commercialization of protein therapeutics . During research and development , proteins bind to different lab consumables such as microplates , storage tubes , pipette tips , and centrifuge tubes . During commercialization , proteins may bind to the primary container ( glass or plastic vial ) storing them .
In commercial packaging applications , protein adsorption issues can be offset . The amount of protein that will be adsorbed is calculated , and additional protein in that amount is added to compensate for the anticipated loss . This expedient , however , means additional cost , which is borne by the customers .
In research and development applications , protein adsorption issues are less straightforward . Accounting and compensating for protein adsorption is difficult because researchers are usually working with scarce samples and are looking for unknown target proteins or markers that are rare and present in very low quantities .
While the process of adsorption has been extensively studied , it is still an enigma . The process is complex , the result of the interplay of multiple factors.1 These factors , however , can be grouped into three categories : protein properties , labware surface qualities , and buffer formulation parameters ( Table 1 ) .2,3
Most studies have shown that the adsorption process is mainly driven by hydrophobic and electrostatic interactions between proteins and the solid surfaces they interact with . If these interactions could be eliminated or even just decreased , then protein adsorption would be decreased and , consequently , protein recovery would be increased , leading to lower operational costs , more accurate results , and a higher probability of finding the therapeutic hit protein .
To counter hydrophobic and electrostatic interactions , many of the new low-protein-binding consumables and packaging containers add a hydrophilic layer . This hydrophilic layer can be obtained by employing 1 ) a hydrophilic coating such as siliconization or different mold release agents ; 2 ) hydrophilic copolymer blends ; or 3 ) plasma treatment technology to modify plastic surfaces from hydrophobic to hydrophilic .
The biggest disadvantage of a hydrophilic coating or the use of a copolymer is the interacting and leaching of the hydrophilic species into solution in present of commonly used chromatography solvents . With plasma treatment technology , the lab consumable surface is modified at a molecular level to give a hydrophilic functionality without creating any species that could leach into solution and interfere with the sample .
Below are important considerations in planning experiments involving proteins and bio-analytical assays :
1 . Know your protein : The amino acid composition as well as the three-dimensional structure of the protein will play a vital role in the adsorption process . In general , larger proteins have more sites of contact with the surface , so these proteins tend to bind more strongly to the surface than do smaller proteins . Protein with high hydrophobic amino acid content or a high degree of hydrophobicity will tend to bind to the surface more strongly than do most hydrophilic proteins .
2 . Know the effect of your buffer solution on the lab consumable : Low pH value , detergent , and solvents may interact with lab consumables and increase the amount of leachates that enter solution , as well as the rate of leaching from the polymer into solution . The resulting leachates may bind to the protein and interfere with its catalytic efficiency , and may also interfere with the analytical tests being performed .
3 . Research the lab consumable you are using : Make sure lab consumables are made from high-quality plastic resins that contain low amounts of additives . Such resins are used to make chromatography-approved labware , the use of which can lessen the problem of leachable and extractable species . Another consideration is topography , which refers to surface texture . Greater texture exposes more surface area for interaction with proteins . Finally , heterogeneity should be assessed . Heterogeneity refers to nonuniform surface characteristics , which can give rise to domains that interact differently with proteins .
Table 1 . Factors Affecting the Protein Adsorption Process
Protein Properties
Amino acid composition ( hydrophilic vs. hydrophobic )
Amino acid surface distribution
Molecular size of the protein
Tertiary structure of the protein in solution
Protein stability in solution
Labware Surface Qualities
Chemical composition of the lab ware
The amount of additives and leachable in the plastic manufacturing process
The hydrophobicity of the surface
Interfacial energy
Electron donor and acceptor potentials
Steric influences
Topography
Heterogeneity
Buffer Formulation Parameters
pH value
Buffer type
Ionic strength
References
1 . Tan , J.S. , and P.A . Martic . 1990 . Protein adsorption and conformational change on small polymer particles . J. Colloid Interface Sci . 136 : 415–431 .
2 . Wang , K. , C. Zhou , Y. Hong , and X. Zhang . 2012 . A review of protein adsorption on bioceramics . John Wiley & Sons . Hoboken , NJ
3 . Dee K.C. , D.A . Puleo , and R. Bizios . 2002 . Tissue–biomaterial interactions . John Wiley & Sons . Hoboken , NJ . In press .
Peter Rezk ( Peter.Rezk @ wheaton.com ) is global market manager – mew markets at Wheaton .
By Tahir Khan
Sharbat Gula – the green-eyed Afghan woman , who had received world fame due to their 1985 photo on a National Geography magazine cover , feels the country 's leadership has not honoured commitments with them and that they could return to Pakistan , where they had spent years as refugee .
As their arrest was unfortunately politicized in view of the nature of Pak-Afghan relationship , President Ghani had handed over a key of a residential flat to Gula , also described as the ‘ Afghan Mona Lisa ' , when they returned to Afghanistan in November . It was , however , later confirmed that the flat was rented for them Now their brother complains that rent of the flat has not been paid for four months and the owner is asking for the rent .
“ This house has been rented for a year . The property dealer and the house owner knock at our door daily and ask for the unpaid rent . The rent for the last four months remained unpaid , ” Niamat Gul , a brother of Sharbat Gula told Pajhwok news agency on Tuesday .
He ; however , said the government had paid the rent of first six months of Gula 's house and unpaid of the past four months .
Gula , 47 , was arrested in October 2016 in Peshawar by the Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ) for living in Pakistan on forged identity papers .
Them arrest had widely been condemned in Pakistan and Afghanistan . A special anti-corruption and immigration court had sentenced them to 15 days imprisonment with a fine of Rs110,000 . They had returned to Afghanistan after their release .
Afghan media and rights activists say that President Ghani has not yet fulfilled their promise to give them a house and that the gov't has failed to pay rent of their house .
“ They ( govt ) can not accommodate only one Sharbat Gula , who had showed loyalty to their homeland . They neither preferred the West nor the East but own country and people , ” Najm Shinwari , an Afghan journalist said on their Facebook amid a debate on the social media .
“ The president had promised to give them a house . The president also promised to meet their expenses . But there is nothing today and Sharbat Gula is complaining , ” they said .
It was in fact the social media which highlighted the problems of Gula , who was almost forgotten by the government officials . Criticism in the social media forced a presidential palace official to issue a statement that President Ghani has issued instructions to fulfill all their promises .
As criticism at the president started a government official also used their official Facebook to come heavily on own government .
Communication and Information Ministry spokesperson Najeeb Nangyal said the government has not implemented a single commitment with Gula in one year . They said Gula 's children were removed from schools few times because they could not pay monthly fee .
An Afghan website Nunn.Asia reported that Gula may go back to Pakistan because of their mistreatment by the government .
A well-known Afghan analyst Dr Faiz Mohammad Zaland also said that Gula has threatened to cross the border to Pakistan if the gov't did not honour promises with them
As some Afghan officials tried to politicize Gula 's arrest in Pakistan , PTI gov't in Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa had announced they will not be deported if they decide to live in Pakistan . A Pakistani property tycoon had reportedly offered Gula a house of their choice if they want to live in Pakistan .
They migrated to Pakistan with their family during civil war in Afghanistan in 1984 and settled in Nasir Bagh refugees ' camp in the outskirts of Peshawar . In a series of interviews they had praised the people of Pakistan for hospitality to Afghans but they were disappointed at their arrest .
In an interview with the AFP news agency in November last year , Gula had stated they were “ heartbroken ” at the prospect of returning .
“ Afghanistan is only my birthplace , but Pakistan was my homeland and I always considered it as my own country , ” they were quoted as saying .
“ I had decided to live and die in Pakistan but they did the worst thing with me . It 's not my fault that I was born there [ in Afghanistan ] . I am dejected . I have no other option but to leave , ” Gula had stated , according to AFP .
The article originally appeared in Daily Times on September 27 , 2017 . Original link .
The Abbas family 's corruption is a hot topic in the territories , but not here in the U.S. Tareq Abbas , son of the Palestinian Authority president , is a multi-millionaire owning villas in Amman , a Beirut rooftop pad and a luxury London flat . Their older brother , Yasser , has made a fortune from , among other things , their monopoly sale of U.S.-made cigarettes in the Judea and Samaria a.k.a . the West Bank .
Leaked records from a Panamanian law firm show that PA President Mahmoud Abbas and their two sons used power and influence to control the two major Palestinian economic boards ( Arab Palestinian Investment Company , Palestinian Investment Fund ) and built a West Bank economic empire worth more than $ 300 million . Abbas ' authoritarian rule has allowed their family 's Falcon consortium to dominate the West Bank 's commerce and labor markets including owning shopping centers , media and insurance companies and distributing food , cigarettes , cosmetics and other consumer items . Falcon touches every aspect of Palestinian commercial life .
ADVERTISEMENT
These documents , reports from senior Fatah officials and Palestinian social media reveal extensive corruption at the highest levels — the Abbas family and a Palestinian elite manipulating the political and financial systems to benefit themselves at the expense of the people .
The 1993 Oslo Accords established Palestinian self-rule over 98 percent of the Palestinian population in the West Bank and Gaza . Since then , the PA received an estimated $ 25 billion in financial aid from the U.S. and other Western countries , the highest per capita assistance in the world .
Instead of creating the independent and robust civil institutions necessary for good governance , promoting peace with Israel and improving the lives of its people , the billions of dollars of international aid were used to create a corrupt dictatorship focusing on enriching its elites , inciting its people against Israel , advocating terrorism and waging a massive international campaign to demonize , delegitimize and destroy the Jewish State . And the U.S. does n't seem to care , donating $ 442 million of taxpayer money in 2016 .
Abbas is currently in the eleventh year of a four-year term . They rule by decree , and parliamentary and presidential elections are not on the horizon .
A May 2016 independent poll showed that 95.5 percent of Palestinians believe Abbas government is corrupt .
Public perceptions of widespread corruption are reinforced by the lavish lifestyles enjoyed by top PA officials , as well as the lack of transparency and accountability of the Palestinian government .
The Palestinian legislature , which previously had provided some measure of oversight , has n't convened since 2007 , leaving Abbas free to rule by diktat and award family and cronies with exorbitant salaries and opulent villas in subsidized gated communities on the outskirts of Ramallah .
Hasan Khreishah , Palestinian Legislative Council member , remarked , “ Since…the Oslo Accords we have had 228 ministers….All receive high salaries and luxurious vehicles. ” The head of the Palestinian Investment Fund makes $ 420,000 per year while the average worker makes about $ 4,600 annually .
The PA fails to submit budgets for required audit , eliminating oversight of how over $ 4 billion is spent each year . As part of its “ development budget ” of $ 17.9 million for the first quarter of 2014 , funds specifically designated for projects to benefit the Palestinian community , $ 9.4 million was budgeted for Abbas ' presidential plane and another $ 4.4 million was budgeted for “ other ” expenses .
Abbas recently established a new “ constitutional ” court to oversee lower courts and packed it with their Fatah political party accomplices to intentionally enhance their control of power and purse-strings .
The PA refuses to use its considerable international aid to relocate over 100,000 Palestinians from Palestinian-controlled refugee camps to residential locations in the territories , preferring to leave them confined under squalid conditions .
Muhammad Rashid , former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's economic advisor , claims that Abbas misappropriated at least $ 100 million from Palestinian coffers . Abbas ' political rival Muhammad Dahlan accuses Abbas of stealing $ 600 million of the $ 1.4 billion that Arafat 's Prime Minister Salam Fayyad transferred to Abbas when Abbas assumed the Palestinian presidency .
An EU audit of the years 2008-2012 found that 2 billion Euros of its aid were lost to corruption and misappropriation by Palestinian leaders .
The refusal of the international community to hold Abbas and the PA accountable for nepotism and corruption drove Gazan Palestinians into the open arms of Hamas , the terrorist group which promised them reform .
Today , nothing has changed . The West is fixated on creating a Palestinian state no matter how corrupt . Given Abbas ' perfidious dictatorship , such a state is doomed to failure . All indications are that President Obama will reward this reprehensible behavior with a rapid path to statehood .
Why is the Abbas kleptocracy illegitimate in the eyes of the Palestinian people , but acceptable in the eyes of Obama and the West ?
Ziva Dahl is a senior fellow with the Haym Salomon Center . They have a Master of Arts degree in public law and government from Columbia University and an A.B . in political science from Vassar College .
The views expressed by authors are their own and not the views of The Hill .
Pietersen does n't mind pink stumps , but cringes at the idea of playing Tests in the night with pink balls © PA Photos
Kevin Pietersen has ridiculed the idea of day-night Test cricket , saying the game would be so different to proper Test crickets that we will need a whole new statistics database .
Day-night Test cricket has been the ICC 's beloved project of late . It has been experimenting pink-ball cricket in the UAE , and has also been encouraging its member boards to keep trying it in their domestic first-class cricket . Pietersen , with 104 Test caps , is the first high-profile cricketer to oppose the idea in such clear terms .
`` I have never played with the pink ball , '' Pietersen said responding to a question by BCCI treasurer Anirudh Chaudhary at an interactive session organised by Indian Express . `` And if they start playing day-night Test cricket , then they have to start new statistics because it 's totally different . You 've got Brett Lee running in at quarter to ten at night with the second new ball . I mean it 's just stupid . ''
According to conventional analysis , the durability of the pink ball has been the biggest problem area so far , but Pietersen went on to state how day-night cricket would change the whole equilibrium of Test cricket , durable ball or no durable ball . They also added that they believed the first session will be the only time the spinners will be effective .
`` I do n't know if it 'll work , but I am not a fan of it at all . '' Pietersen said . `` If they want to play it , then it can be a new form of cricket , but they have to use new statistics for it for sure . If you are going to play day-night Test cricket in Durban , I ca n't see a ball spinning when the sun goes down , and the light comes on . I can see the ball seaming . On day five , spinners win you Test matches . But with the lights coming on , it will be seamers who will win you matches on day five . So I am not a fan of it at all . ''
Even if Pietersen 's claims are ignored , the reviews of the pink ball are mixed . Rahul Dravid did not mind it a lot , but players in Australia , where the pink ball was trialled in three first-class matches were not quite thrilled .
Speaking at Cricinfo-for-Cricket Summit last year , Dravid said : `` If it [ keeping Tests relevant ] means playing day-night cricket , we must give it a try , keep an open mind . The game 's traditions are n't under threat if we play Test cricket under lights . I know there have been concerns about the durability of the pink ball , but I have had some experience of it having played for the MCC , and it seemed to hold up okay . ''
Different views came from Australia . `` I found it hard when it was cloudy and then sunny , '' Queensland 's Chris Lynn said . `` I could n't see the seam very well as the ball got older . That made it hard against the balls that were swinging . ''
South Australia 's Michael Klinger found the ball hard to time . `` The biggest difference is that once it gets softer , it does n't come off the bat as well , '' Klinger said . `` A lot of shots off the middle of the bat , it feels like a tennis ball ... it 's a bit softer and guys are struggling to hit the ball through the field . '' Victoria coach Greg Shipperd claimed that the pink paint scraped off , leaving dark patches underneath .
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
NEW YORK — The Mets have traded outfielder Kirk Nieuwenhuis to the Angels for cash considerations .
They had designated Nieuwenhuis for assignment last week . It gave them a window to trade them before they had to decide whether to accept a demotion to the minor leagues .
Nieuwenhuis had been the Mets ' fourth outfielder for most of this season but struggled offensively in that role . They had just three hits in 38 at-bats before being moved .
It ends a nearly seven-year stretch with the organization for Nieuwenhuis . They were drafted in the third round by the Mets in 2008 . They debuted in 2012 and volleyed between the majors and Triple-A thereafter .
Nieuwenhuis hit .230 with a .676 OPS over 226 games and 592 plate appearances during their four-year career with the Mets
The Mets have traded outfielder Kirk Nieuwenhuis to the Angels for cash considerations . — New York Mets ( @ Mets ) May 27 , 2015
RELATED STORES : Why Bartolo Colon is having more fun than you
Mike Vorkunov may be reached at mvorkunov @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ Mike_Vorkunov . Find NJ.com Mets on Facebook .
When all you eat is a macrobiotic diet , your back has already been cupped and your vagina is steam cleaned , what else is there to do but get stung by bees ?
When all you eat is a macrobiotic diet , your back has already been cupped and your vagina is steam cleaned , what else is there to do but get stung by bees ?
Gwyneth Paltrow has opened up about latest - and dangerous - beauty tip , which includes being voluntarily stung by bees in a bid to reduce inflammation and scarring .
The Oscar-winning actor , who is describes themselves as being `` incredibly close to the common woman '' has admitted to being stung by bees in a treatment called apitherapy , which they claim has existed for thousands of years - despite have no medical backing .
`` I 'm always the guinea pig to try everything . I 've got to try them all , '' they told the New York Times on their alternative beauty regime .
Actress Gwyneth Paltrow speaks as actor Rob Lowe is honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on December 8 , 2015 in Hollywood , California . ( Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images )
`` I 've been stung by bees . It 's a thousands-of-years-old treatment called apitherapy . People use it to get rid of inflammation and scarring . It 's actually pretty incredible if you research it . But , man , it 's painful . ''
Read more : ' I feel better in a bikini at 42 than I did 20 years ago ' says Gwyneth Paltrow
Its benefits are not scientifically proven . If patients are not willing to be stung by live bees , they can be injected with the bee 's venom .
Gwyneth , who prefers to share their very alternative approaches to health via their Goop newsletter , previously came under fire for recommending a hot sauna to `` flush out '' the flu . They also gave up trying to live on a $ 29-per week food budget as part of a social experiment - after three days .
Gwyneth Paltrow Visits `` The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon '' at NBC Studios on March 4 , 2016 in New York City . ( Photo by Theo Wargo/Getty Images for NBC )
Gwyneth Paltrow signs their book 'It 's all Good ' during the the 2016 Antiques And Garden Show Of Nashville at Music City Center on February 12 , 2016 in Nashville , Tennessee . ( Photo by Terry Wyatt/Getty Images )
Online Editors
I ate McDonald 's for the first time in quite some time yesterday . About an hour after finishing the food , I felt like I had been poisoned – it 's so salty and unhealthy ! Luckily , you can still buy their toys separately if you go inside and ask .
Starting June 15th , McDonald 's Happy Meals will come with a Pokémon toy and a reprinted TCG card . The six toys are Pikachu , Servine , Pignite , Dewott , Woobat , and Axew while the confirmed cards thus far are Servine , Pignite , Dewott , Scraggy , Axew , and Dwebble . There could be up to 12 cards , but only nine are confirmed so far – the others will probably be Pokémon from Ash and crew 's team . Like the first U.S. McDonald 's promotion , which took place last June , the cards will probably be printed on special holofoil paper . Will this be a new yearly trend at McDonald 's ?
The victim apparently went to the camps to get back the money some refugees took as loan back home in Myanmar .
Police have identified the victim as Rabindra Paul , 42 , one of the hundreds of Hindus who crossed the border into Bangladesh after fleeing violence in Myanmar along with hundreds of thousands of Rohingya Muslims in a month .
The Hindu refugees have taken shelter in an area near the camp for newly arrived Rohingyas in Kutupalong .
Ukhia Police Station OC Md Abul Khayer told bdnews24.com that Rabindra 's body was found in Balukhali canal at Palongkhali .
Police recovered the body in the morning but could not identify him , OC Khayer said .
There was no sign of injury on Rabindra 's body , but their face was disfigured , they added .
Later , their relatives identified them at state-run Cox 's Bazar General Hospital .
Ukhia Puja Udjapon Parishad President Swapan Sharma Rony said Rabindra , their brother Nirendra Paul and nine other Hindu refugees went to the Kutupalong refugee camp a week ago to retrieve money from some Rohingyas they borrowed in Myanmar .
A group of Rohingyas in the camp held them hostage . Nine of them managed to flee but the two brothers could not , the leader of the local Hindu community said .
Nirendra was yet to be found , they added .
The council 's General Secretary Babul Sharma alleged the Rohingya refugees killed Rabindra .
OC Khayer said police were investigating the allegation .
`` We will take legal action against those responsible for it , '' they added .
HMS H31 was a British H class submarine built by Vickers Limited , Barrow-in-Furness . They were laid down on 19 April 1917 and was commissioned on 21 February 1919 .
HMS H31 survived until World War II . During the war , they took part in the operation to keep the German battleship Scharnhorst in Brest , France in November 1941 before the `` Channel Dash '' to German homeports in the company of Gneisenau and Prinz Eugen in February 1942 . During the operation , H31 was sunk by unknown causes , but most believe they were mined in the Bay of Biscay on 24 December 1941 .
Design [ edit ]
Like all post-H20 British H-class submarines , H31 had a displacement of 440 tonnes ( 490 short tons ) at the surface and 500 tonnes ( 550 short tons ) while submerged . [ 1 ] It had a total length of 171 feet ( 52 m ) , [ 2 ] a beam length of 15 feet 4 inches ( 4.67 m ) , and a draught length of 12 metres ( 39 ft ) . [ 3 ] It contained a diesel engine providing a total power of 480 horsepower ( 360 kW ) and two electric motors each providing 320 horsepower ( 240 kW ) power . [ 3 ] The use of its electric motors made the submarine travel at 11 knots ( 20 km/h ; 13 mph ) . It would normally carry 16.4 tonnes ( 18.1 short tons ) of fuel and had a maximum capacity of 18 tonnes ( 20 short tons ) . [ 4 ]
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of 13 knots ( 24 km/h ; 15 mph ) and a submerged speed of 10.5 knots ( 19.4 km/h ; 12.1 mph ) . Post-H20 British H-class submarines had ranges of 2,985 nautical miles ( 5,528 km ; 3,435 mi ) at speeds of 7.5 knots ( 13.9 km/h ; 8.6 mph ) when surfaced . [ 1 ] [ 3 ] H31 was fitted with an anti-aircraft gun and four 21 inches ( 530 mm ) torpedo tubes . Its torpedo tubes were fitted to the bows and the submarine was loaded with eight 21 inches ( 530 mm ) torpedoes . [ 1 ] It is a Holland 602 type submarine but was designed to meet Royal Navy specifications . Its complement was twenty-two crew members . [ 1 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Hutchinson , Robert . Submarines , War Beneath The Waves , From 1776 To The Present Day .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - U.N. rights investigators have established that Syrian government forces were almost certainly responsible for two massacres last May in which up to 450 civilians were killed , a report published on Wednesday said .
A Free Syrian Army fighter aims their weapon behind sandbags in the eastern al-Ghouta , near Damascus , September 9 , 2013 . Picture taken September 9 , 2013 . REUTERS/Raje Alsori
The report documents nine mass killings in all , attributing all but one to government forces , but said both government and rebel fighters had committed war crimes including murder , hostage-taking and shelling of civilians .
With more than 100,000 dead in the Syrian war , there was little sign that reports of atrocities would spur international action until last month , when allegations that President Bashar al-Assad 's forces had gassed hundreds of civilians sparked a threat of U.S. strikes , and furious international diplomacy .
The killings in Baida and Ras al-Nabaa , two pockets of rebel sympathizers surrounded by villages loyal to Assad on the outskirts of the town of Banias , did not involve fighting with rebels and appeared designed to send a message of deterrence .
The U.N. commission of inquiry has not been allowed into Syria , but its 20 investigators carried out 258 interviews with refugees , defectors and others , in the region and in Geneva , including via Skype , for their 11th report in two years .
In Baida , it said between 150 and 250 civilians had allegedly been killed , including 30 women , apparently executed , who were found in one house . It said armed rebels were not active in the area at the time .
“ Testimonies were consistent that members of the National Defence Forces were actively involved in the raids and in many cases leading them , ” the 42-page report said .
“ Accordingly , there are reasonable grounds to believe that government forces and affiliated militias including the National Defence Forces are the perpetrators of the al-Bayda ( Baida ) massacre .
The next day , as word spread that militia fighters were advancing with army support , hundreds of civilians tried to flee the neighboring village of Ras al-Nabaa , but were pushed back at checkpoints . Government forces proceeded to shell the village and then militia fighters moved in .
“ As they raided the village , civilians were captured and executed , ” the report said , adding : “ The operation did not occur in the context of a military confrontation . Government forces were in full control of the area .
It gave a figure of 150-200 dead in Ras al-Nabaa .
GOVERNMENT SILENCE
The Syrian government kept silent about the killings at the time but a Syrian intelligence officer , speaking to Reuters anonymously , acknowledged that the perpetrators were government loyalists , including some from the surrounding Alawite villages .
The conflict began in March 2011 as an uprising against Assad and descended into a civil war where mostly Sunni Muslim rebels are pitted against Assad 's forces , who are backed by Shi'ite Muslim Iran and Hezbollah .
The only deliberate slaughter of civilians attributed to rebel forces in the period of investigation was in June , when rebels captured Hatla in the eastern province of Deir al-Zor .
“ Anti-government armed group fighters conducted home invasions , killing and summarily executing ( by shooting at close range ) many Shia including at least 30 civilians , among them children , women and elderly , ” the report said .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a pro-opposition monitoring group that has reported abuses on both sides of the conflict , said at the time that 60 people had died in the attack , mostly pro-Assad Shi'ite militiamen .
The U.N. report , which largely covered incidents between May and July , accused forces loyal to Assad of bombing schools and hospitals , and rebels of carrying out summary executions after sentencing by Islamic Sharia courts lacking due process .
The commission , led by Paulo Pinheiro of Brazil , urged the U.N. Security Council to hold perpetrators accountable for war crimes and crimes against humanity .
The investigators , who include former U.N. war crimes prosecutor Carla del Ponte , analyzed photographs , video and satellite imagery , as well as forensic and medical records , to draw up their report .
The team also verified the killing of 450 people during an offensive by Syrian government forces and Lebanese Hezbollah fighters to retake the strategic town of Qusair . Food and water were cut off during a siege , and the town was heavily shelled .
“ Approximately half were civilian casualties , killed primarily in the shelling and aerial bombardment of the town in the early days of the offensive , ” the report said .
U.S. President Barack Obama asked Congress on Tuesday to delay a vote on authorizing a military strike against Syria in retaliation for its use of chemical weapons , to give time to a Russian plan to take away Syria 's chemical weapons .
The U.N. experts said they had received allegations of chemical weapons use , “ predominantly by government forces ” , but could not give details of the incidents , some of which have been investigated by U.N. weapons inspectors in the last few weeks .
( This story has been corrected to change figure in second paragraph for total massacres to nine from eight )
Amber Rudd has pledged to spend millions to provide guards for all Jewish schools , colleges , and nurseries and synagogues .
The Home Secretary said they were forced to act after receiving 924 reports of anti-Semitic incidents , including 86 violent assaults , last year .
Ms Rudd warned against the “ increasingly sophisticated ” tactics of far-right extremists in the wake of the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox .
They said that groups were becoming better at harnessing the use of social media for promoting their cause and hauling in new members .
Speaking at a UK-Israel conference in Parliament , Ms Rudd said they were clear “ we can only effectively challenge hatred and division by working together – not just internationally but at home – Government , police , local people and organisations .
“ And sadly the Jewish community knows all too well what it 's like to live with the threat from terrorism and hate crime .
“ Last year , the Community Security Trust received 924 reports of anti-Semitic incidents , including 86 violent assaults . Let me be clear , any attack of that kind is one attack too many .
“ We are providing £13.4million for guarding at all Jewish state , free and independent schools , colleges , and nurseries , and at synagogues , and to support the continuing efforts of the police to provide security and reassurance to the Jewish community .
“ We take the security of the Jewish community seriously , and we will continue to put in place the strongest possible measures to ensure the safety of this community – and all other communities too . ”
Ms Rudd added : “ Earlier this year we saw the shocking and senseless murder of my parliamentary colleague Jo Cox in their own constituency by the far-right extremist Thomas Mair . This demonstrated the evil of far-right extremism and acts of terrorism .
“ And we know that far right and extreme right wing groups have become increasingly sophisticated in the use of social media for promotion and for recruitment . ”
Ms Rudd said that “ around a quarter of the cases getting support through Channel , part of our Prevention programme , are for extreme right wing radicalisation ” .
They added : “ I am absolutely determined that we challenge extremism in all its forms and the terrible damage it can cause to individuals , families and communities . ”
Nike Kobe 9 Elite “ Precision ”
0.00 / 5 0 VOTES This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers . We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products . The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News .
The Nike Kobe 9 Elite updates continue to roll through Sneaker News as we give you a first look at the “ Precision ” colorway . This pair adopts something closer to a classic “ Lakers ” colorway with the black and yellow Flyknit threads , while the white/black brush-stroke graphics add to the art-based theme of the Elite . A release date is n't set just yet , but be sure to check out our Sneaker Release Dates page for the latest because we just added several Kobe 9 Elite shoes to the stack !
Source : swaggyp1
There was a small puja , complete with flowers and sweets . There were slogans and processions , and interviews to the media . The crowd was mostly men , with a few women and a family or two .
Advertising
There have been many hit films before , and bigger ones since . But for the eager fans of matinee idol and late chief minister M G Ramachandran , who gathered Friday before Devi Theatre in Chennai , the film Ayirathil Oruvan is just what the name says : one in a thousand .
Directed by producer-director B R Panthulu , the film was originally released 49 years ago , way back in 1965 , after MGR was established as the biggest box-office draw in Tamil Nadu but before they became an active politician . And this was the first film in which they were paired with the popular young actor who went on to rule the screen and state , AIADMK general secretary and present Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa .
“ I first watched the film about 30 years ago . By then , it was a cult film in Tamil Nadu , what with the indirect message it contained , the dialogues that highlighted injustice in society and the plot that portrays the hero as a true leader of the oppressed , ” said L Muthuswamy , a clerk at a private company , who had taken a day 's leave to watch the film once again . Born in the year the film was released , they said they had lost count the number of times they had watched the film .
The re-release of a film is not something new in Tamil Nadu where small theatres regularly run old hits that offer value for money , without the risk and money involved in securing new releases . In fact , a theatre in Chennai had run Ayirathil Oruvan just a few weeks ago . What is new about this release is that it has been digitally restored , the quality of the visuals enhanced and the audio raised to 5.1 channel from mono .
“ My first attempt to digitise classic films began with Karnan , a mythological film which had Sivaji Ganesan in the title role . When we released it in 2012 , it did very well , running for more than 25 days in 30 of the 72 theatres where it was released . One high class theatre ran it for 157 days . That is when I zeroed-in on Ayirathil Oruvan , ” said G Chockalingam of Dhivya Films , the company behind the digitised version .
Rival politicians are not amused to find a hit from the past that has the AIADMK founder and present leader as lead characters at a time when the state is headed to Lok Sabha polls . Though they died over two decades ago , MGR still has committed fans — and dedicated voters — which Jaya inherited .
All the viewers who had gathered outside the theatre Friday belonged to this group . They offered floral tributes to the film posters stuck outside , and distributed sweets . Jaya TV , run by people close to the AIADMK , was on the spot early , capturing the mood .
“ The enthusiasm among the people shows that puratchi thalaivar ( revolutionary leader ) , our idaya deivam ( the lord of our hearts ) continues to be the biggest draw for the people of Tamil Nadu , ” said S Rajkumar , a leader of God MGR Devotees Association , to the party channel , flashing the victory sign which in Tamil Nadu also denotes the two leaves of the AIADMK .
Advertising
DMK spokesperson T K S Elangovan , a Lok Sabha candidate himself , said their party would complain to the Election Commission , arguing that films , too , were propaganda vehicles , especially in Tamil Nadu during election time . But officials said it would not be easy to apply the poll code to a film release . Officials have asked distributors to restrict the posters and hoardings to the theatre premises .
Red Hat , Inc. ( NYSE : RHT ) , the world 's leading provider of open source solutions , today announced the general availability of Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 , the latest version of Red Hat 's enterprise-grade , Kubernetes-native container application platform . While enabling enterprises like Swiss Railways , Produban and Pioneer to actively embrace cloud-native applications in mission-critical roles , Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 also helps enterprises retain existing IT investments through expanded support for traditional business applications . This dual application support is provided by new security enhancements as well as several innovations emerging from the Kubernetes upstream community .
Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 provides a Kubernetes-based platform for traditional and cloud-native applications with the tools , greater security features and capabilities designed to retain existing IT investments while planning for future needs and business growth . Ashesh Badani vice president and general manager , OpenShift , Red Hat
As a leading contributor to both the docker and Kubernetes open source projects , Red Hat provides an enterprise-ready container platform based on Kubernetes 1.5 , Red Hat Enterprise Linux and the integrated docker container runtime through the latest version of Red Hat 's container application platform . This helps customers to more quickly roll out new services with the support of a stable , reliable and more secure enterprise platform powered by the world 's leading enterprise Linux platform .
Expanded application support
While cloud-native application strategies are gaining traction in the enterprise for building mission-critical services , enterprises need to continue to use existing IT investments . Existing applications should not be left behind , and companies can use a single , more streamlined way to manage both `` legacy '' and containerized applications . OpenShift provides a single platform designed to support both traditional and cloud-native applications , and Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 expands this broad application support with new capabilities , including :
StatefulSets - While Kubernetes already supports stateful services with features like integrated storage orchestration , many traditional stateful services like SQL databases , messaging queues and other `` pet '' services require more capabilities to manage the configuration of each service instance in a cluster . Kubernetes StatefulSets , now available in Tech Preview , can bring the same powerful Kubernetes automation features for scaling and declarative health management to traditional stateful services so they can run in containers , instead of directly on traditional virtual machines or physical servers .
Cloud-native Java - Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform already provides a platform for running traditional Java EE applications , which includes integrated enterprise middleware services from the Red Hat JBoss Enterprise Middleware portfolio . Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 provides a new Java container image for cloud native workloads , enabling enterprise developers to focus on coding their new cloud-native Java applications while the platform , through OpenShift source-to-image ( S2I ) , handles the compiling , building and assembling of the final , runnable artifact .
Expanded developer toolbox - The latest version of Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform also supports Red Hat Software Collections , curated versions of the latest , stable developer tools and languages , including updates for Redis , MySQL , PHP and more .
Bolstered container security
A leading contributor to upstream container communities like Kubernetes and docker , Red Hat is also seeking to drive container adoption within the enterprise by emphasizing greater IT security across the platform . While Linux forms the foundation of all Linux container platforms , Red Hat Enterprise Linux , the world 's leading enterprise Linux platform , provides the trusted backbone for Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 .
To use containers in production environments , organizations need to consider multiple levels of container security . This includes container isolation at the kernel and supported container images built from trusted content , as well as cluster-level concerns like limiting platform access to authorized users and allowing them to deploy their applications in a more secure manner . The latest version of Red Hat 's container application platform continues to deliver a hardened , enterprise-ready Kubernetes platform , with new features that provide :
Enhanced certificate management - Certificates in Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform help to allow only authorized users and platform components are able to take actions in the Kubernetes cluster . Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 includes enhancements for managing certificates , such as the ability to provide warnings based on certificates expiring and for a rolling refresh of security certificates .
Improved Secrets management - Secrets are used to manage sensitive information like passwords when deploying applications in Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 , with new support added for more granularity in determining who owns a given Secret .
Powering innovation
As one of the fastest growing enterprise open source projects on Github , the Kubernetes community is able to deliver new innovations at a rapid pace . A leader in bringing open source projects to enterprise customers , Red Hat maintains an important role in not only driving new innovations in container orchestration but also making these innovations consumable for production workloads . Red Hat also helps deliver a level of standardization to Kubernetes for business-grade deployments , driving features that enable the orchestration platform to run across the hybrid cloud , from physical servers and virtualized environments to private cloud platforms multiple public cloud providers .
To learn more about how enterprises are using Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform to help drive innovation while retaining existing IT investments , attend Red Hat Summit 2017 and the OpenShift Commons Gathering at Red Hat Summit to hear from Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform customers , including leading financial institutions , government agencies and large commercial organizations .
Availability
Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 is available now via the Red Hat Customer Portal .
Supporting Quote
Ashesh Badani , general manager , OpenShift , Red Hat
`` While containerized applications and associated infrastructure present a vision of enterprise IT 's future , traditional applications still function as the workhorse for modern businesses and should not be left behind as enterprises add next-generation services to their technology mix . Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.5 provides a Kubernetes-based platform for traditional and cloud-native applications with the tools , greater security features and capabilities designed to retain existing IT investments while planning for future needs and business growth . ''
Image : Phalinn Ooi/Flickr
In the last year , hackers have broken into at least 55 health care providers , stealing data from more than 110 million Americans , according to government data .
The majority of corporations in the world are well aware of the dangers of hackers and data breaches , which has helped make the cybersecurity industry a multi-billion dollar one . But medical device manufacturers , as well as health care providers , still fail to recognize they need to take the threat seriously despite being under `` constant '' attacks .
According to public data collected by the U.S. Department of Health and Human services , there have been 55 data breaches in the country so far this year . Those have hit 111,802,842 victims .
55 known US health Hacker/IT-breaches in 2015 Affected : 111 802 842 Src : Robin von PostDecember 11 , 2015
The worst breach of all , is the one suffered by the insurance giant Anthem , which lost more than 78 million records earlier this year . Premera Blue Cross ranks at a distant second with 11 million victims .
The sheer amount of victims shows that the healthcare industry needs to step up its security game . But medical cybersecurity is increasingly not just about protecting records . Medical devices are vulnerable too , and there have been calls for better regulations , mandating security audits for devices such as pacemakers or insulin pumps . After all , if hackers break into these devices , the concern is not the loss of private data , but of life .
And in a future where all medical devices are connected to the internet , patients might have to worry about getting infected with different kinds of viruses , such as ransomware .
If the healthcare industry does n't want to become the first one to have the dubious distinction of having a fatal victim , and does n't want to keep losing private data , it better start taking security seriously . The numbers do n't lie .
Asalha Puja ( known as Asanha Bucha in Thailand , Thai : อาสาฬหบูชา ) is a Theravada Buddhist festival which typically takes place in July , on the full moon of the month of Āsādha . It is celebrated in Cambodia , Thailand , Sri Lanka , Laos , Myanmar and in countries with Theravada Buddhist populations . Asalha Puja , also known as Dhamma Day , is one of Theravada Buddhism 's most important festivals , celebrating as it does the Buddha 's first sermon in which they set out to their five former associates the doctrine that had come to them following their enlightenment . This first pivotal sermon , often referred to as “ setting into motion the wheel of dhamma , ” is the teaching which is encapsulated for Buddhists in the four noble truths : there is suffering ( dukkha ) ; suffering is caused by craving ( tanha ) ; there is a state ( nibbana ) beyond suffering and craving ; and finally , the way to nirvana is via the eightfold path . All the various schools and traditions of Buddhism revolve around the central doctrine of the four noble truths .
This first sermon is not only the first structured discourse given by the Buddha after their enlightenment , it also contains the essence of all their subsequent teaching . At the end of the talk , one of the five participants recounted their understanding of what had been said and asked to be received as a disciple , a request the Buddha granted , thus establishing the first order of monks .
The day is observed by donating offerings to temples and listening to sermons . The following day is known in Thailand as Thai : วันเข้าพรรษา Wan Khao Phansa ; it is the first day of Thai : พรรษา vassa , the Theravada rains retreat .
In Indonesia , this festival is centered at Mendut Temple , near Borobudur .
Mary Jo White testifies at their confirmation hearing before the Senate Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs on March 12 . ( Photo : T.J. Kirkpatrick , Getty Images ) Story Highlights U.S. Chamber of Commerce , Business Roundtable and National Association of Manufacturers join forces
Companies face a record 126 shareholder proposals on political spending this spring
Business groups say activists ' real goal is to eliminate the business voice from politics
WASHINGTON — Three of the nation 's largest business groups are urging corporate executives to oppose efforts by activists to force corporations to disclose their political spending .
The real goal of the disclosure push is to `` limit or remove altogether the business voice from the political and policymaking process , '' the groups said in the letter signed by the heads of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the Business Roundtable and the National Association of Manufacturers .
Chamber spokesperson Blair Latoff Holmes said the letter went to a large group of Fortune 200 CEOs .
Companies have faced a record 126 shareholder proposals during this spring 's proxy season that are aimed at forcing either more disclosure of political and lobbying spending or demanding that companies to curb their political activity .
The disclosure drive is led by labor unions , state pension funds and liberal activists . Trade associations and other non-profit groups poured more than $ 300 million into federal contests last year without disclosing their donors .
The business organizations also raised alarms about a proposal that urges the Securities and Exchange Commission to require companies to share information about political spending with shareholders . The letter , first reported by The Wall Street Journal , came as the Senate confirmed former prosecutor Mary Jo White as SEC chairperson this week . White became the third Democratic appointee on the five-member board , and liberal activists plan a renewed push to urge the SEC to move forward .
The SEC has received nearly 500,000 comments backing more disclosure . The business organizations said 99 % come from unions and other activists `` rather than a legitimate investor effort . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/10GJUv5
By Christian Jarrett
Between 1837 and 1860 Charles Darwin kept a diary of every book they read , including An Essay on the Principle of Population , Principles of Geology and Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation . There were many others : 687 English non-fiction titles alone , meaning that they averaged one book every ten days . After Darwin finished each one , how did they decide what to read next ? In this decision , a scientist like Darwin was confronted with a problem similar to that afflicting the squirrel in search of nuts . Is it better to thoroughly search one area ( or topic ) , or to continually jump to new areas ( topics ) ? Foraging , whether for nuts or information , comes down to a choice between exploitation and exploration . In a new paper in Cognition , a team led by Jaimie Murdock has analysed the contents of the English non-fiction books Darwin read , and the order they read them in , to find out their favoured information-gathering approach and how it changed over time .
The researchers analysed digital versions of 665 of the books Darwin read , counting and categorising the topics mentioned within . From this , they calculated whether each successive book reflected a foray into surprising new territory or a deeper dig into a similar subject area . They found that Darwin began their note-keeping period with a greater emphasis on exploitation , largely tending to master one area at a time , rather than jumping sporadically from topic to topic . Over time , and as we get nearer to their writing of their masterpiece On The Origin of Species , they shift to a greater emphasis on exploration : more sporadic and surprising jumps to new topics .
This finding is unexpected in the sense that it is usually considered optimal for a forager – be that a squirrel or academic – to show the opposite pattern to Darwin , to scope out many different areas before later zooming in on a particular area for deeper scrutiny . Murdock and their team propose two explanations . First , perhaps Darwin had already shown a stronger emphasis on exploration earlier in their career , before they began keeping a reading diary and so missed by the current analysis . Or second , perhaps Darwin required an earlier phase of exploitation and mastery of narrower areas as a way to build their confidence and hone their abilities .
Another way the researchers approached Darwin 's reading choices was to see whether the order they went from book to book was more surprising , in terms of topic changes , compared with the natural progression of topics as reflected in the order in which books were published . This showed that their chosen journey through the reading material was more exploratory and surprising than the chronological progression of ideas based on publication history . That 's to say , over the course of their career , they deliberately mixed and matched what they read , bringing disparate ideas together , rather than passively encountering new ideas as they emerged .
Lending validity to the new findings are the fact the identified phases of relative exploitation and exploration in Darwin 's reading map well onto the biographical phases in their career . First , as they assembled their research journals from the Beagle voyage from 1836 onward , they were in a clear exploitation phase of reading . Then from 1846 , they began a period of intense research into barnacles ( having realised their taxonomic study had been neglected in the literature ) , and this coincides with a shift in their reading style from exploitation to exploration , especially in the sense of reading books on topics that were new to them compared with their past reading habits . Finally , from 1854 , as they began preparations for writing Origin , Darwin 's reading enters its most exploratory phase , in terms not only of reading topics that were fresh relative to their past reading material , but also literally fresh from one book to the next .
The researchers said their study represented the first time that information theory has been applied in this way to study the reading and research habits of a single individual . In principle , the same kind of analysis could now be applied to any other individual living or dead , for whom their reading history is available . In time it will be fascinating to see what similarities and differences there are between Darwin 's intellectual journey and those embarked upon by others .
—Exploration and exploitation of Victorian science in Darwin 's reading notebooks
Christian Jarrett ( @ Psych_Writer ) is Editor of BPS Research Digest
Inter coach Andrea Stramaccioni has admitted that they were hoping for more after seeing their team held to a 2-2 draw against Cagliari , although they praised the strength of mind which twice took the visitors back from a goal down . Goals from Argentine duo Diego Milito and Esteban Cambiasso pegged back the hosts on two occasions to ensure a share of the points on Saturday afternoon ; Davide Astori and Mauricio Pinilla scoring for Cagliari in an open match . The draw , however , coupled with Udinese 's 3-1 defeat of Parma , saw the Nerazzurri slip six points behind their rivals in the chase for third place and Serie A 's final Champions League qualification spot . Stramaccioni , who took over at San Siro following the removal of Claudio Ranieri , confessed that a draw was not the result they were hoping to take away from Nereo Rocco .
`` This draw leaves a bitter taste in the mouth , '' they told reporters in the post-match press conference , also lamenting a last-gasp miss by Andrea Ranocchia which could have secured three points . `` It was an exciting game between two exciting teams , and Cagliari looked very good ; especially in the first 15 minutes after half time . We had worked our way back into the game and tried to win until the end , and if Ranocchia 's chance had gone in in the 93rd minute it could have been the winning goal . '' Inter currently lie seventh in Serie A , having picked up 45 points from their 31 games so far .
Its bottom line is doing well , too . Its total revenues are up over 10 percent to $ 8.8 billion , and it made a tidy $ 479 million in profit . That 's peanuts next to the profits of its biggest competition ( Verizon took in $ 4.4 billion this quarter ) , but no mean feat for a carrier that still thrives on cost-conscious prepaid users .
And crucially , T-Mobile is predicting a rosy future . It 's dramatically increasing its expected postpaid subscriber additions this year from a minimum of 2.4 million to at least 3.2 million , and now expects to rake in at least $ 9.7 billion in earnings for 2016 compared to its previous estimate of $ 9.1 billion . Whatever you think of T-Mobile , it 's clear that the network does n't expect anyone to slow it down for a long , long time .
WASHINGTON > > Vice President Mike Pence plans to travel to South Korea and Japan later this month amid simmering tensions along the Korean peninsula over North Korea 's attempts to advance its nuclear and missile programs .
SHARE
ADVERTISING
WASHINGTON > > Vice President Mike Pence plans to travel to South Korea and Japan later this month amid simmering tensions along the Korean peninsula over North Korea 's attempts to advance its nuclear and missile programs .
The White House said today that Pence would depart April 15 on a 10-day , four-nation tour of the Asia-Pacific region that will also include stops in Indonesia and Australia and a visit with U.S. troops in Hawaii .
Pence 's itinerary will focus on U.S. military and economic alliances in the region and feature sessions with business executives and foreign leaders .
The vice president is expected to meet with acting South Korea Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Indonesian President Joko “ Jokowi ” Widodo and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull .
The visit will include an Easter Sunday gathering with U.S. and South Korean troops and their families , a tour of the USS Ronald Reagan in Japan and meetings with officials with the 10-nation Association of Southeast Asian Nations , or ASEAN .
Before returning to Washington , Pence will honor U.S. service members who fought and died during the attack on Pearl Harbor by visiting the USS Arizona Memorial in Hawaii .
The trip , Pence 's first to the region as vice president , will follow North Korea 's firing of a ballistic missile into waters off its east coast . President Donald Trump warned this week that the U.S. would act unilaterally to stop North Korean aggression . They are expected to raise the issue in their meetings this week with Chinese leader Xi Jinping at the president 's South Florida resort .
Kim Jong-un 's government has sought to upgrade North Korea 's weapons systems in response to what it has called U.S. hostility . Weapons experts have said North Korea could have a functioning nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the continental U.S. within a few years . North Korea conducted two nuclear tests last year .
Juan Mata has yet to win any silverware since joining Manchester United from Chelsea in January 2014
Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata has said they were told about the size of the club 's rebuilding task before they joined in January 2014 .
United have not won a trophy since Sir Alex Ferguson 's retirement two years ago and a seventh-place finish in 2014 is their worst in the Premier League .
Ten players have joined since Mata 's switch for a then club-record £37.1m under Ferguson 's successor David Moyes .
`` They told me 'you are very important , you are one of the first ' , '' Mata said .
Current manager Louis van Gaal completed the double signing of Germany midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger and France international Morgan Schneiderlin on 13 July .
Schneiderlin scored five minutes into their first United appearance with the only goal against Club America on the tour of the United States .
`` I knew the club was going to have this kind of signings , '' Mata said .
The total amount spent on the 10 players is £228.1m , a figure which does not include the £6m loan fee for striker Radamel Falcao , who has since joined Chelsea .
Mata , who has scored 16 goals in 50 competitive games for United , added : `` We know there is still a lot of work to do .
`` It 's not just about bringing good players in . It 's about playing well and winning trophies . ''
Man Utd 's 10 signings since Mata 's arrival Luke Shaw ( from Southampton ) £27m Ander Herrera ( from Athletic Bilbao ) £29m Daley Blind ( from Ajax ) £13.8m Marcus Rojo ( from Sporting Lisbon ) £16m Angel Di Maria ( from Real Madrid ) £59.7m Victor Valdes ( unattached ) Free Memphis Depay ( from PSV Eindhoven ) £31m Matteo Darmian ( from Torino ) £12.7m Morgan Schneiderlin ( from Southampton ) £25m Bastian Schweinsteiger ( from Bayern Munich ) £14.4m
During a 12-minute interview with BBC Sport , Mata answered the following questions :
Do the signings of Morgan Schneiderlin and Bastian Schweinsteiger make you fearful of your place ?
When you play for a top team you always know you have to be at your best level . There is a lot of competition for spots in the first team but I believe in myself . I always train the best I can . Between us all we have to help the team but obviously if you play for a team like Manchester United you are always going to have competition .
Where do you still need to add to the squad ?
I do n't know - this is a question for executive vice-chairperson Ed Woodward and Van Gaal . I am quite happy with the players we have at the moment . Obviously I think they are looking in the market to bring a few more in . Let 's see what happens .
Where has further improvement got to come from this season ?
Last season we started a new philosophy with a new manager . It takes time . This season we know how the manager wants us to play . We know the way they love to play football . It should be better for us .
What is the manager like ? With the media they can be brutal but also very funny .
Like it is with you . We do n't know what to expect . It depends on how we perform and how we have been training . They are very straight . They are very direct . They are very honest . It is good . You can be a good or bad manager but , apart from anything , I believe in the person . Sometimes they are tough , as you can see . But I think they do it for the right meaning .
What is their philosophy ?
To win with good football . Good football means to play with the ball and make the pitch big . To create , not to wait , and to be proactive . They want you to be the boss in the game and the team that makes the tempo . Obviously you have to adapt sometimes and you have to defend a little bit more compact and know how to play without the ball .
Were you envious at not being in the Champions League last season ?
Yes . Every Tuesday and Wednesday at home watching the games , mainly with Ander Herrera and David De Gea . We need to be back there . This club needs to be fighting for the Champions League .
Is it imperative you win a trophy this season ?
That is the pressure this club always has . We have to be fighting for titles . Last season we did n't win any trophy . This season we want to win an important trophy .
LSU has landed its third football commitment in 24 hours with the addition of Georgia athlete Tory Carter .
Carter committed to the Tigers during their visit for the Bayou Picnic recruiting event on Saturday , giving LSU 10 verbal commitments for the 2017 class .
At 6-foot-2 and 255 pounds , Carter has seen action at tight end , fullback and defensive end , and he 's set to join the Tigers as a fullback prospect . Their main recruiter for LSU has been area coach Ed Orgeron .
The Tigers now have the No . 10 class in the 247Sports rankings , moving up from the No . 19 spot with commitments the last few days .
Carter also held offers from Troy and Jacksonville State .
Stay tuned to Geaux247 for more on LSU 's most recent commitment .
Do n't miss out on any breaking news .. Sign up for the free Geaux247 Newsletter
NBC 's Constantine is a comic book adaptation about a snarky British guy who fights supernatural monsters while smoking and not being bisexual , so it tends to feature scary things like a recording of Satan 's voice or a demon lady that steals babies . What it does n't have , though , is a former member of a Mexican drug cartel who is now confined to a wheelchair and uses a little bell to tell people how much they hate them . We 're talking , of course , about Breaking Bad ‘ s Hector Salamanca , the terrifying uncle of season two villain Tuco and the guy who blew up half of Gus Fring 's face . Until now , that is .
OK , not exactly . Hector Salamanca is n't joining Constantine and kicking off the weirdest crossover in TV history , but the guy who played them is . According to Entertainment Weekly , Mark Margolis has signed on to appear in Constantine 's upcoming January 23 episode—titled “ Quid Pro Quo ” —as DC 's evil sorcerer Felix Faust . In the comics , Faust is a pretty low-tier bad guy , usually popping up to disguise themselves as someone else so they can trick a good guy into doing something evil . Given their status as a low-tier bad guy , it rarely works . But Margolis was pretty awesome on Breaking Bad , so maybe they can counteract some of that ineffectiveness .
Enabling DRM in the kernel ?
LWN.net needs you ! Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist . Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Back in April , we looked at the Linux kernel patches for Intel 's Trusted Execution Technology ( TXT ) , a mechanism to verify the integrity of the kernel before booting it . Since that time , another version of the patchset has surfaced . The relatively few comments on the feature were largely concerned that there might be opposition to its inclusion—not because of technical considerations , but instead because of ethical concerns about what TXT could enable .
Ted Ts ' o had the most to say about what TXT ( also known as LaGrande ) enables , not necessarily in opposition to adding the feature , but outlining the concerns of those who might . They warned : `` So we should expect a certain amount of controversy and people lobbying to resist the acceptance of this patch . '' The basic problem is that TXT can enable Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) systems that are largely uncrackable .
Pointing to a `` Trusted Computing '' FAQ from 2003 , Ts ' o noted that five years ago , FAQ author Ross Anderson `` was able to predict the emergence of the LaGrande Technology ( see question 15 in the above FAQ ) . '' But , Joseph Cihula , author of the TXT patch noted that some of the FAQ ( and other Trusted Computing complaints ) had been rebutted [ PDF ] in an IBM whitepaper by David Safford . But , as Ts ' o pointed out , much of Safford 's response was specific to the Trusted Computing Platform Alliance ( TCPA ) technology , which is essentially broken as a DRM lockdown solution :
However , it seems to me that TXT/LaGrande 's main purpose for existence was to repair the defects in TCPA that made it essentially [ unusable ] for DRM purposes . With TCPA , any time you changed * anything * in the boot path -- - installed a new BIOS , upgraded to a new kernel to fix a security vulnerability , updated to a new Nvidia proprietary video driver slightly less likely to crash your [ system ] -- - it would change the trusted boot measurements , and would require an exchange to `` [ Circuit ] City DIVX hotline '' ( as a generic stand-in for whoever is Hollywood 's current monkey paw towards trying to implement DRM ) to approve a transfer of the TCPA trusted keys , which would be essentially be a consumer support nightmare , and there would be no way for `` Circuit City '' to know whether the kernel you are claiming was the latest update from Fedora or Novell or Canonical was really an authorized upgrade , or whether it was a custom kernel with patches to tap into video and audio paths to steal Hollywood 's precious bodily fluids . With TXT , however , all of these problems go away . What you end up booting is completely under `` [ Circuit ] City 's DIVX 's '' control , and may include a miniature Windows environment running in the trusted environment ; it could then take over a portion of the screen for the video output , and the hardware would have special features set up to prevent the host OS from having any access to the video output of the movie player running in the TXT environment .
Ts ' o 's message is worth reading in its entirety , but the basic point is that TXT enables Hollywood ( or another DRM-happy entity ) to take away some of the basic functionality of the hardware in order to preserve their `` rights '' . Essentially , this takes away users ' rights to protect companies ' perceived or actual rights . The truly nightmarish scenario is one where one can not do anything on a computer that is n't contained in a signed ( presumably proprietary and closed source ) application , running on a signed operating system . TXT could enable just that kind of functionality .
But , there are some scenarios ( Ts ' o mentions medical record access ) under which TXT could be beneficial to the user . Other devices ( voting machines and ATMs are the standard example ) could benefit from TXT as well . Should kernel hackers stand in the way of adding this code to the kernel simply because it can be used for ill ? The consensus , from the extremely limited subset of the kernel development community participating in the discussion , seems to be `` no '' .
James Morris notes Linus Torvalds 's famous `` Flame Linus to a crisp ! '' message wherein they say : `` I want to make it clear that DRM is perfectly ok with Linux ! '' . Morris more-or-less agrees with that view :
I 'm fairly neutral on the technology itself and feel that `` market pressure '' from users as well as local regulatory policy ( e.g . anti-trust laws ) should determine how the technology is used , rather than the views of a few kernel hackers .
That sentiment is also shared by Ts ' o : `` That being said , it 's not clear to me that stopping the technology from going into Linux really is n't going to help matters ; realistically , the Linux desktop is miniscule [ 1 ] , and whether or not we add support for TXT in the mainline Linux kernel is n't going to stop Hollywood 's plans . '' Their footnote refers to the potential risk of TXT being used in Moblin to lock down those devices , but `` realistically , even if we do n't let it into mainline kernel , it wo n't stop Moblin hardware vendors from shipping it '' .
This is a social , not a technical problem , as Ts ' o says . There are powerful interests that certainly want to have that kind of power over the actions of their customers . It will be up to those who value their hardware and software freedoms ( and , very likely , the courts ) to ensure that those freedoms are still available . Avoiding DRM is not something that has gotten onto the radar of most consumers , but the content providers are doing their best to raise its visibility . One wonders how many revoked features for Kindle books or how much music that expires because it is crippled with DRM it will take before consumers start to rebel .
In the meantime , though , it seems likely that Linux will end up with TXT support somewhere down the road . The objections have been few—technical or ethical—at least so far , and the code obviously exists . There is no barrier to a hardware manufacturer ( or distribution ) incorporating it and enforcing whatever restrictions it wishes . Given that there are benign uses as well , the code is likely to improve from its inclusion in the mainline . When ( almost certainly not `` if '' ) those uses turn towards total lockdown , it will be a social battle , on multiple fronts , to preserve the hardware and software freedoms we enjoy today .
ORLANDO , Fla. -- The Detroit Lions have a crowded backfield . And they have no plans , at least publicly , to trim it . That includes at fullback , where the Lions are rolling two deep after the signing of Jed Collins this offseason . They lured Collins away from New Orleans earlier this month to be their blocking fullback , and say that move will not affect Montell Owens ' standing with the team . General manager Martin Mayhew said the players fill different roles , and both could make the 53-man roster in the fall . `` Montell can play fullback , but Montell is sort of a tweener halfback/fullback guy , '' Mayhew said . `` Obviously Jed , he 's a hammering fullback . I 've seen them play fullback on some run downs and short-yardage situations , they can play some special teams for you in some other situations . So they 're really two different types of players . `` There 's a way where you keep both of them , so we 'll see how it all plays out . '' Collins had just 19 carries over the past three years with New Orleans , though 15 of them came last year . They caught 39 passes , never more than 14 in a season . But at 6-foot-1 and 255 pounds , they can be a devastating blocker and will be used as such in an offense that is expected to feature more two-back sets . Owens , at a more nimble 5-10 and 219 pounds , had 42 carries in 2012 , their last healthy season . They played only one game last year due to a pair of knee injuries . In seven years with Jacksonville , they were one of the NFL 's best and most versatile special teams players . The Lions also intend to stand pat at tailback , where they have four players under contract , each of whom is expected to open the season in Detroit . That includes Mikel Leshoure , the former second-round pick who has been buried behind Reggie Bush , Joique Bell and Theo Riddick . The club does not plan to engage in trade talks for him . `` I like our depth at running back , '' Mayhew said . `` I 'm not opposed to adding to it , but I do like our depth at running back . ''
Mumbai : India 's largest consumer packaged goods firm Hindustan Unilever Ltd ( HUL ) said growth in rural India is yet to recover , highlighting the lingering , albeit fading , fallout of demonetisation and the crisis in agriculture .
In an investor presentation made to the Arisaig Consumer Symposium , HUL chief executive Sanjiv Mehta said that in 2016-17 , growth in rural markets lagged that in urban ones for the first time since 2011-12 .
There 's also been a steady fall in consumer sentiment since 2011-12 , the presentation said , citing data from researcher Nielsen .
The problem has been exacerbated temporarily by the introduction of the goods and services tax ( GST ) on 1 July that resulted in so-called destocking . HUL said the early part of the quarter ending September 2017 “ was affected ... '' but that trade channels were now improving while the wholesale channel was stabilizing .
In an earnings press briefing held in July , HUL had said that GST would continue to affect earnings in the coming quarters , Mint reported on 19 July .
According to the presentation , HUL 's net profit grew 6 % and 8 % in the quarters ending June and March , respectively , although profit was flat in the December 2016 quarter , when demonetisation , or the withdrawal of high-value currency notes , was announced .
India 's rural growth was expected to recover this fiscal year following 2016-17 , when demonetisation hit rural spending , and two years of consecutive poor rainfall .
The agriculture ministry warned this week that the production of kharif or monsoon crops would be marginally lower this year than in the previous year . The difference could be because of the uneven distribution of rainfall from the south-west monsoon . Mint reported earlier this week that while the overall monsoon deficit was only 5 % , 212 of the 630 districts in India had deficits of at least 20 % , according to the weather office , while 100 had a surplus of at least 20 % .
That 's probably being reflected in HUL 's sales . “ The deficit in monsoons is the major reason for why there is lag in rural growth , '' an analyst with a domestic securities house said on condition of anonymity .
“ For the near term , HUL 's management opined that consumer demand has broadly been in line with the recent trend and nowhere reflective of the strong retail-offtake revival that market research agencies have been suggesting , '' Richard Liu , executive director of institutional equities at JM Financial Ltd , said in a note dated 22 September , reporting on a call with HUL 's management . “ The company maintains that rural demand recovery would be a more gradual affair . ''
HUL expects its earnings for the September quarter to be adversely affected by confusion among trade channels on how GST operates , they said .
There is reason to hope for a recovery in rural markets as both agricultural and non-agricultural wages have continued to grow over the past four years , according to data from the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy .
“ Rural growth will recover and again grow at double the urban growth rate , but ... it is hard to say how soon this recovery will happen , '' added the analyst at the domestic securities house cited above .
On the August 20 episode of JTBC 's “ Ask Us Anything , ” GFRIEND appears as a guest .
During the show , Kim Heechul asks them if there are any cast members they think would make good boyfriend material .
The girls do n't all agree on one member , but Kang Ho Dong receives the most votes .
Yuju picks Kang Ho Dong because “ He looks exactly like my dad. ” Sowon and Eunha also choose Kang Ho Dong . Eunha says they like their attention to detail , and Sowon says they think it 's cute when they refer to themselves in the third person .
SinB picks Lee Soo Geun , saying “ He 's cute because he 's petite . ”
Yerin picks Lee Sang Min . “ I like their hairstyle , ” they explain . “ It 's clean , and I like their bangs too . ”
Which cast member would you choose ?
“ Ask Us Anything ” airs every Saturday at 11 p.m. KST .
Source ( 1 )
President Trump 's assertion that their phones at Trump Tower were tapped last year has been treated as hilarious—and in some circles as beyond contempt . But I can vouch for the fact that extracurricular surveillance does occur , regardless of whether it is officially approved . I was wiretapped in 2011 after taking a phone call in my congressional office from a foreign leader .
That a secret recording had been made of this call was revealed to me by the Washington Times in 2015 , a full two years after I left office .
The newspaper 's investigative reporters called me , saying they had obtained a tape of a sensitive telephone conversation that they wanted me to verify .
When I met them at a Chinese restaurant in Washington , they played back audio of a call I had taken in my D.C. congressional office four years earlier .
The call had been from Saif el-Islam Qaddafi , a high-ranking official in Libya 's government and a son of the country 's ruler , Moammar Qaddafi .
At the time I was leading efforts in the House to challenge the Obama administration 's war against Libya . The Qaddafi government reached out to me because its appeals to the White House and the State Department to forestall the escalating aggression had gone unanswered .
Before taking the call , I checked with the House 's general counsel to ensure that such a discussion by a member of Congress with a foreign power was permitted by law .
I was assured that under the Constitution a lawmaker had a fundamental duty to ask questions and gather information—activity expressly protected by the Article I clauses covering separation of powers and congressional speech and debate . I could and did ask questions of the younger Mr. Qaddafi .
On the Libyan end , the risk of the conversation was that whatever phone was used to call my office might serve as a homing beacon for a drone strike .
That possibility was minimized , I was told , by calling me on a cellphone that was used only once and then discarded .
Somehow , the Washington Times had gotten its hands on the surreptitious recording . I authenticated the conversation , and parts of it were published by the newspaper , which provided online links where readers could listen to me talking with Mr. Qaddafi .
The reporters did not say , nor did I ask , who had made the tape . But the paper 's stories referenced “ secret audio recordings recovered from Tripoli . ”
I have only my suspicions about their true provenance . The quality of the recordings was excellent on both ends of the call .
If sources had indeed discovered the tapes in Tripoli , there is no plausible explanation for how they would have chosen the Washington Times to carry the story . And which foreign intelligence service conceivably could have been interested in my phone call , had the technology to intercept it , and then wanted to leak it to the newspaper ?
There 's a simpler explanation : I believe the tape was made by an American intelligence agency and then leaked to the Times for political reasons . If so , this episode represented a gross violation of the separation of powers .
Shortly after the Times story was published , I alerted congressional leaders to the breach and then let the matter rest , assuming that a series of routine Freedom of Information Act requests I had made in 2012 before leaving office would provide answers .
Five years later I am still waiting for FOIA responses from some of the intelligence agencies .
I can not say with assurance that my Libya call was the only one intercepted .
I have never gone public with this story , but when I saw the derision with which President Trump 's claims were greeted—and notwithstanding our political differences—I felt I should share my experience .
When the president raised the question of wiretapping on their phones in Trump Tower , they were challenged to prove that such a thing could happen .
It happened to me .
The world and characters of the theatrical production [ KH X Back Cover ] close in on the series ' mysteries ( 3rd special/Dengeki PS )
[ Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue ] will appear on the PlayStation 4 as the series ' newest release . This time , we 'll check out one of the three productions in this package , the theatrical production [ Kingdom Hearts X Back Cover ( hereon KHXBC ) ] ! This special edition of Dengeki PlayStation will cover the happenings of the oldest tale in the series .
[ KHXBC ] is an all-new theatrical production that runs a little less than an hour . By checking out the world and characters , we should be able to understand the story more deeply . There are all kinds of developments to keep pulling in the interest of the series ' fans !
The series ' oldest tale tells of the “ back side ”
The story of [ KHXBC ] is the story of what happened the in the furthest point back in the [ KH ] series . It tells the story of the other side of the events of [ KH Unchained X ] , a smart phone app that started September 2015 . You can enjoy this product on its own , too , but it 's no mistake to say that those who have played [ KH Unchained X ] will find it more interesting .
The setting is a town that exists someplace in the worlds , “ Daybreak Town. ” It will become clear as to what kind of people the “ Foretellers ” -- the characters that guide the player in [ KH Unchained X ] -- are , and what they 're planning to do ...
A story full of mystery will unfold with the Master and their apprentices !
The axes of this story are the six Foretellers under the powerful “ Master of Masters. ” Each of them received a Book of Prophecies , and the five Foretellers who come to run Unions are the main characters . Here , we 'll take a more detailed look as to each of the characters .
Ira
The Foreteller who bears a unicorn mask and leads the Unicornis union . They have a reliable personality , and is often teased by the Master for being too serious .
Invi
< Nonsense . >
The Foreteller who bears a snake mask and leads the Anguis union . They have a noble personality and holds great faith in the Master .
Aced
< If that 's so , then what about you ! ? >
The Foreteller who wears a bear mask and leads the Ursus union . They have a daring personality , but they can be too frank with their feelings and gets reckless .
Ava
< I want to protect the Master 's teachings . >
The Foreteller who bears a fox mask and leads the Vulpeus union . They have a cautious personality , and it seems that other Keyblade wielders speak of them as a friend .
Gula
< Eh ? This is a page of the Book of Prophecies , is it not ? >
The Foreteller who wears a leopard mask and leads the Leopardus union . They have a collected personality , and it seems they do not have any feelings of fellowship toward the other Foretellers .
Luxu
< With a heart that follows the key ... >
One of the six apprentices of the Master . They are the only one not to receive a Book of Prophecies , but instead , they were entrusted with a Keyblade and a black cloak .
Master of Masters
< Whoever the traitor might be , deal with it calmly , all right ? >
A mysterious being who has six apprentices . They have eyes that can see the future , and in their grief of the future , they gave five of their apprentices Books of Prophecies and a mission .
Chirithy
( Left side of the picture ) A mysterious cat-like being . They act as the players ' navigator in [ KH Unchained X ] , but in this production ... ?
Ephemer
< Cheer up , okay ? >
A Keyblade wielder . He 's sociable and does n't fear much , and even toward the Foretellers , this bright young man speaks in a carefree way .
There 's a traitor amongst the Foretellers ! ?
The Foretellers received the Book of Prophecies and a mission from the Master , and they act based on their teachings . However , a fissure appeared in the five Foretellers ' relationship as suddenly , one day , news of the existence of a “ traitor ” surfaces . Who on earth could be the traitor -- plagued by their doubt , the balance of the Foretellers will gradually fall apart ...
[ KHXBC ] is a theatrical production , and is only being produced as a movie ( TN : i.e. , they have no plans to make this a game , as per the previous interview ) . By checking out this content in advance , the story should be easier to understand , as well as to make conjectures . Well , since we 'll tell you about [ KH Dream Drop Distance HD ] next time , please check it out !
The series ' newest title is coming out soon , but if you reserve a copy through the PlayStation Store now , you 'll get a special theme to use . There 's still time , so do n't miss it !
| by Stefan Novakovic |
A surprise awaits inside the Lyric Theatre at North York 's Toronto Centre for the Arts . West of Yonge Street , the Eberhard Zeidler-designed complex still greets North York Boulevard with the elegant curves of its 1993 exterior . Inside , however , the largest of the building 's three original theatres has been repurposed into two smaller venues , with the former 1,727-seat Main Stage now divided into the 296-seat Greenwin Theatre and the 576-seat Lyric Theatre .
Once hosting Broadway-style musical productions , the 2012 closure of Dancap Productions saw the theatre struggle to attract the sort of large-scale productions that used to fill the Main Stage . This left the 1,727-seat auditorium underused as demand shifted towards smaller productions , precipitating an adaptation of the central stage into the two smaller venues .
A spectrum of colour expressed across the proscenium , image by Tom Arban
Overseen by Toronto-based firm Diamond Schmitt Architects , the project entailed a fairly complex adaptation of the existing theatre space . Carving two theatres from a single space , the project involved the creation of a new proscenium stage for the Lyric Theatre , while incorporating many of the Main Stage 's original seats into the new space . The shorter viewing distance to the new stage meant that the angling and configuration of existing orchestra and balcony seating had to be adjusted to accommodate the alterations .
The Lyric Theatre in red , image by Tom Arban
Lending a sense of cohesion to what threatened to read as an uneven—and somewhat 'Frankensteined'—space , a series of chevron-shaped fabric panels envelop the room . Softening the aesthetic irregularities of the space , the programmable LED lights embedded within each panel can also alter the mood , expressing a wide range of colours . Crucially , the panels also serve an acoustic purpose , re-balancing the sound across an altered space that was originally designed to accommodate a very different stage .
The Lyric Theatre in white , image by Tom Arban
The aesthetic and programming is slightly reminiscent of the exterior of the Herzog de Meuron-designed Allianz Arena in Munich , which wraps the Bavarian stadium in a much smoother , inflated skin of luminous ETFE panels . Here , however , Diamond Schmitt 's LED panels are used to negotiate the adaptation of a much more constrained interior space , though the spectrum of colour can similarly respond to , and—depending on your politics—enhance , the on-stage drama . According to Diamond Schmitt Principal Gary McCluskie , the LED lights `` allow for new forms of creative expression by being able to envelop the entire room in colour washing that is responsive to the dramaturgy . ''
A closer look at the balconies , this time in green , image by Tom Arban
Adapting the former theatre 's stage , meanwhile , the neighbouring Greenwin Theatre offers a much simpler black box configuration . The new 296-seat facility makes use of the 90-foot fly-tower height to create a soaring space , which can also be configured to function as an open-floor studio .
The simpler Greenwin Theatre , images by Tom Arban
Taken together , the two facilities make effective use of an existing space to create new programming . According to McCluskie , `` the reconfiguration represents a sustainable design solution in that every effort was made to preserve and incorporate elements of the existing theatre , while at the same time , dramatically altering its appearance and functionality . ''
Achieved on what McCluskie describes as a `` relatively modest budget , '' the project 's innovative and flexible solution was recently recognized with an Achievement Award at the 149th conference of the Toronto Construction Association . Enabling contrasting approaches to theatrical production , the LED lights and black box see the adapted spaces carve a new and more protean identity out of the Toronto Centre for the Arts ' former Broadway-style stage .
* * *
Want to share your thoughts about the adaptive project ? Feel free to leave a comment in the space below this page .
CTVNews.ca Staff
Two Canadians have been killed in an attack on an upscale mall in Kenya 's capital Saturday .
One of the dead has been identified as 29-year-old Annemarie Desloges , a Canadian diplomat . The identity of the other Canadian has not been released .
“ The hearts and prayers of all Canadians go out to the families and friends of all those affected by this senseless tragedy , and we extend our deepest condolences to those suffering the loss of Annemarie Desloges , one of our diplomats who have died in the attack , ” Harper said in a statement .
The statement also said Desloges was a “ distinguished public servant ” working as a liaison officer with the Canadian Border Services Agency in Kenya .
Desloges came to Kenya two years ago from an embassy in New Delhi . They had worked for the Canadian government since 2008 .
They are survived by their husband Robert Munk , who was also injured in the attack .
Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird offered their condolences Saturday to the families of the deceased when speaking at the Ontario Progressive Conservative party convention in London , Ont .
“ That people could be gunned down in broad daylight in a shopping mall on a weekend is just a tremendous tragedy . And obviously when you have someone who is serving their country abroad , it 's quite devastating , '' Baird said .
“ When anyone is killed in a terrorist incident , it deeply affects us . But when it 's a Canadian , it hits home . And when it 's someone is government , obviously it just shakes us to the core . ”
Baird said Canada , in partnership with other countries , must work to fight terrorism worldwide .
“ It 's a joint effort . No government can tackle this problem on its own . ”
In a prepared statement , Baird , Citizenship and Immigration Minister Chris Alexander and Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney also paid tribute to public servants serving the country around the world .
“ Like Annemarie , they do so because they believe in the cause of humanity , ” they said . “ They believe that their work will better the lives of many at home and around the world . They believe in the values that Canada represents .
“ We have no doubt that Annemarie touched the lives of many , and it is for that , that they will always be remembered . ”
In a statement , NDP Foreign Affairs Critic Paul Dewar also offered their condolences to the victims ' families and denounced the attack .
Brutal attack on major mall
Kenya 's president says 59 people died and more than 150 were wounded when armed gunmen stormed the upscale mall .
An al Qaeda-linked militant group from Somali , al-Shabaab , has claimed responsibility for the attack .
Harper said the “ cowardly , hateful act ” should not go unpunished .
“ Canadian staff at our mission are offering Kenyan authorities every possible assistance to bring the perpetrators of this heinous attack to justice . ”
In light of Saturday 's attack , Canada 's Foreign Affairs department urged Canadians in Kenya to avoid public places for the next 24-48 hours .
While there is no nationwide advisory in effect for Kenya , the update urged a “ high degree of caution due to the increasing number of terrorist acts , kidnappings and incidents of crime targeting Westerners throughout the country . ''
Regional advisories for the northeast part of the country and the Eastleigh neighbourhood of Nairobi are also in place .
With files from The Associated Press and The Canadian Press
The Obamacare debacle is more than just government overreach . Beyond the obvious intrusions into what should be private transaction between a provider of a service ( whether doctor or insurance company ) and their client , the threat to privacy is staggering . The numerous scandals surrounding the abuse of power by various government agencies should send chills down the spines of every American , but especially those who own guns .
Gun ownership is soaring . Gregory Gwyn-Williams at CNS News noted the surge in gun background checks :
There have been 73,441,399 background checks for gun purchases since President Obama took office , according to data released by the FBI . The [ sic ] background checks that have been completed under Barack Obama 's presidency account for 43 percent of the 170,639,292 completed since 1998 .
With millions of Americans buying up guns and ammunition , many of them first-time gun owners , a renewed push by Obama and the Democrats for onerous Federal “ gun registration ” is more likely than ever . Once that happens , it wo n't be long until they use government agencies like the BATFE to collect all sorts of information on law-abiding citizens . But do we really know that they are n't doing it already ?
Even though only a handful of states actually have gun registration , every time any of us wants to purchase a firearm , whether a long gun or handgun , our name is run through a NICS check . This immediately flags us as “ gun owners ” and while the background check does not include the specific firearm we have purchased , the NICS check does note whether we have purchased a “ long gun ” or a handgun . And since handguns are right up there with “ assault weapons ” in the view of the current administration , that information is likely enough to invite further scrutiny . But what kind of scrutiny might we expect ?
In today 's technologically sophisticated world , it would be relatively easy for some big budget government agency to run an algorithm based program to cross-check our names with other data bases , using “ key word ” searches ( just as the IRS has already admitted to doing ) . It does n't take much imagination to envision some mindless government worker bee scrolling though thousands of names of gun owners that their “ cool ” new program has linked with other “ trigger words ” like “ Tea Party ” or “ Patriot , ” now , does it ?
Think of all the other ways that “ Big Brother ” can now collect data and track your behaviors . Your phone records . Your bank records and credit card history . Your Facebook page . The Internet sites you 've visited . Even the GPS in your phone or car can now be used for a variety of data gathering schemes . Meanwhile , software that provides the means of correlating the information obtained with other databases and records is expanding in capability exponentially .
You do n't need to be a conspiracy theorist to see the potential for more widespread abuse by overzealous government agencies , especially when it comes to those of us who are labeled as “ gun owners ” and thus worthy of increased attention . And if these agencies are concerned about gun owners in general , just imagine how much more interested they are in those of us who actually carry guns in public .
Almost everyone has a driver 's license with a photo on it . Now combine data collection methods with ever more sophisticated facial recognition technology and the explosive growth of public surveillance cameras . It wo n't be long before a camera catches your face walking down the street , identifies you as a carry permit holder , and begins to track ( and record ) you as you go about your day . Strictly in the interest of “ public safety ” you understand .
But the more immediate possibility is that once you and I are identified as gun owners and/or carry permit holders , our names will then somehow just happen to find their way to the IRS , or even to Homeland Security or the NSA . After all , the Obama Administration , especially Attorney General Eric Holder , clearly consider gun owners a threat , perhaps even potential “ home grown ” terrorists .
Intrusions by government into our privacy should always be challenged by all Americans . And while gun registration per se is not necessary for government to be a threat to us , it should be vigorously opposed on all fronts . Because while being listed as a gun owner is bad enough , having our entire collection of firearms catalogued in some government database is nothing less than an invitation to abuse .
Imagine if the IRS were provided with a complete list of every gun you own . Or worse , suppose the list of your firearms is given to Homeland Security . Now they know that you not only own an AR-15 , you are also a member of a local Tea Party group , the NRA , or a subscriber to USCCA magazine . Oh , you 're also a combat veteran ? Red flags . And now your health records will be added to the mix…
We should vigorously oppose all intrusions on our privacy , and Obamacare is just the latest , and perhaps the most potentially dangerous , example .
Remember the old saying : “ Just because you 're paranoid does n't mean they 're not after you . ”
Researchers at MIT 's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory have discovered a communication pathway between two brain structures — the amygdala and the ventral hippocampus — that appears to control anxiety levels .
By turning the volume of this communication up and down in mice , the researchers were able to boost and reduce anxiety levels . The research could help find better drugs to treat anxiety .
Measuring anxiety
Both the hippocampus , which is necessary for memory formation , and the amygdala , which is involved in memory and emotion processing , have previously been implicated in anxiety . However , it was unknown how the two interact .
To study those interactions , the researchers turned to optogenetics , which uses a virus that allows them to genetically engineer neurons to turn their electrical activity on or off in response to light . For this study , the researchers modified a set of neurons in the basolateral amygdala ( BLA ) ; these neurons send long projections to cells of the ventral hippocampus .
The researchers tested the mice anxiety levels by measuring how much time they were willing to spend in a situation that normally makes them anxious . Mice are naturally anxious in open spaces where they are easy targets for predators , so when placed in such an area , they tend to stay near the edges .
When the researchers activated the connection between cells in the amygdala and the hippocampus , the mice spent more time at the edges of an enclosure , suggesting they felt anxious . When the researchers shut off this pathway , the mice became more adventurous and willing to explore open spaces . However , when these mice had this pathway turned back on , they scampered back to the security of the edges .
In future studies , the MIT team plans to investigate the effects of the amygdala on other targets in the hippocampus and the prefrontal cortex , which has also been implicated in anxiety .
“ The practical use of this innovation is the identification of a novel target for potential anxiety treatment , ” Kay Tye , an assistant professor of brain and cognitive sciences and member of MIT 's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory , explained to KurzweilAI . “ While the time frame to translation to a treatment that could be used in humans is difficult to predict , we are taking the first step in developing more effective treatments for anxiety : identifying the critical neural substrates involved in controlling anxiety states . ”
Anxiety disorders , which include post-traumatic stress disorder , social phobias and obsessive-compulsive disorder , affect 40 million American adults in a given year . Currently available treatments , such as antianxiety drugs , are not always effective and have unwanted side effects .
The research was funded by the JPB Foundation , the Picower Institute Innovation Fund , the Whitehall Foundation and the Klingenstein Foundation .
Related :
Tye Laboratory
Picower Institute for Learning and Memory
Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences
ARCHIVE : “ In search of better antidepressants ”
How To Implement Law Of Demeter In Ruby
By Sarbada Nanda Jaiswal on Aug , 11 , 2016
Most of the developers who are digging deeper into proper way to build software might have had problem in understanding the law of demeter in first go . Here is our attempt to simplify this for the new generation of developers .
You can read the formal definitions here :
C2wiki : http : //c2.com/cgi/wiki/LawOfDemeter ? LawOfDemeter
Wikipedia : https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_Demeter
The law of demeter fundamentally describes following things :
Each unit should have only limited knowledge about other units : only units `` closely '' related to the current unit .
Each unit should only talk to its friends ; do n't talk to strangers .
Only talk to your immediate friends .
In our context as programmers , an object should avoid calling on methods of a member object returned by another method . For many modern object oriented languages that use a dot as field identifier , the law can be stated simply as “ use only one dot ” . That is , the code a.b.Method ( ) breaks the law where a.Method ( ) does not .
Ruby on Rails Bad smell code :
class Project < ActiveRecord : :Base
belongs_to : user
end project.user.name
project.user.address
project.user.cellphone
These lines break law of demeter . To solve this we should use methods like as :
project.user_name
project.user_address
Project.user_cellphone
Now , this follows the law of demeter . But if we use methods for each field then we need to add a bunch of methods in the model .
class Project < ActiveRecord : :Base
belongs_to : user
def user_name
user.name
end
def user_address
user.address
end
def user_cellphone
user.cellphone
end
end
class User < ActiveRecord : :Base
has_many : projects
end
To remove above bad smell Rails provides a helper method delegate which utilizes the DSL way to generates the wrapper methods . This is the best practice .
delegate :
The concept of delegation is to take some methods and send them off to another object to be processed .
Options :
: to - Specifies the target object
: prefix - Prefixes the new method with the target name or a custom prefix
: allow_nil - if set to true , prevents a NoMethodError to be raised
class Project < ActiveRecord : :Base
belongs_to : user
delegate : name , : address , : cellphone , to : : user , prefix : true , allow_nil : true
end
class User < ActiveRecord : :Base
has_many : projects
end project.user_name project.user_address
This is how the method can now be accessed with delegate enabled .
Now , we do not break the law of demeter . Due to addition of allow_nil if the project does not have any user then we will just get nil when calling name and no exception !
Now we know what the law of demeter is . But why use it ? . Most of the blog posts out there does not answer this specific question . What are the benefits or advantages of implementing law of demeter in our ruby pieces of software ? .
In general , Law of demeter is an example of loose coupling which states that one component should not heavily rely on other components for getting the job done .
Not when we decrease this coupling . Things are much much easier to change .
But what about the famous method chaining we are used to ?
But If we followed it all the time we could never do method chaining
Method chains are what makes ruby well ruby ! As an example , here 's a method which takes a string and generates a “ slug ” for generating a friendly url :
def slug ( string ) string.strip.downcase.tr_s ( '^ [ a-z0-9 ] ' , '- ‘ ) end
That 's three levels of method call chaining . That does not follow the Law of Demeter . But the law never says anything about the number of methods called , or the number of objects a method uses . It is strictly concerned with the number of types a method deals with .
The # slug method expects a String , and calls three methods , each one returning… another String . In fact , because it only calls methods for the type of object ( String ) passed into it as parameters , we can conclude that it follows the Law of Demeter .
References and Bibliography
http : //rails-bestpractices.com/posts/2010/07/24/the-law-of-demeter/
http : //haacked.com/archive/2009/07/14/law-of-demeter-dot-counting.aspx/
http : //www.virtuouscode.com/2011/07/05/demeter-its-not-just-a-good-idea-its-the-law/
Share This :
An Augusta woman went crazy late last Wednesday night , attacking their live-in boyfriend and their 66-year-old mother after they did n't get sex .
( This is one of many stories features in this week 's issue of The Jail Report , in stores until Wednesday . Cover : http : //bit.ly/1gbUyGP )
Tabithia Lee Grooms , 35 , of the 1900 block of Haynie Drive , was furious because their boyfriend had refused to have sex with them earlier in the day , a Richmond County Sheriff 's report said .
So Grooms went out drinking and when they came home they told their boyfriend they had “ f * * * * * everyone else because they would not f * * * her. ” They then attacked them as they sat on the couch , scratching their face , head and neck and then biting their left forearm , the report said .
Them boyfriend escaped to the bathroom and called 911 . When officers arrived , Grooms would n't give their name at first and threatened to run over one of the deputies with a baby stroller , the report said .
Grooms ' mother , who also lives in the house , said they snuck out to get away from their daughter . They had come out of their room to see what was happening and their daughter punched them in the left eye , which was red and swelling , the report said .
Grooms was charged with two counts of battery .
Why Older People Did n't Fare Well In Northern California Wildfires
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michelle Halbur/Michelle Halbur/Michelle Halbur
The night before the fire overtook LeRoy and Donna Halbur , the couple had dinner at their home north of Santa Rosa , Calif. , with their eldest son , Dave , their wife and their 2-year-old son . Dave Halbur remembers it as a typical Sunday dinner with their folks .
We `` had Chinese food and talked . It was a really nice evening , '' Halbur recalls .
The fire came through a few hours later in the early morning darkness . By Monday , Dave Halbur had heard nothing from their parents . LeRoy and Donna Halbur were both 80 .
More than 40 people have died in the wildfires in Northern California . That number could rise . More than 50 people are still missing , and investigators have been looking for remains in the ashes . But one thing stands out about those who perished : The vast majority who 've been identified were over the age of 65 .
`` I spent much of the day going from shelter to shelter , '' Halbur said of the search for their parents . `` Then finally , I got a message to come home . ''
That was because their wife 's stepfather had gone to LeRoy and Donna Halbur 's house along with some firefighters . They found the remains of two people : Donna Halbur was in the car in the garage area . LeRoy Halbur was outside . But that 's not how Dave Halbur would want them to be remembered .
Instead , remember them as `` great parents , '' said Halbur . `` They were generous , really loved by their community . ''
Their dad had been an accountant and leader of the St. Vincent de Paul charitable society in Santa Rosa . Their mother , formerly a nun , was a children 's reading specialist . They were humble and stoic , which their son chalks up to their Iowa roots . Just this August , the family had gathered to celebrate the Halburs ' 50th wedding anniversary and both of their 80th birthdays . But Donna Halbur had been in poor health in recent years . She 'd had a stroke . They were frail . Them movement and memory were impaired . Dave Halbur says that even though their parents made it out of the house , they do n't think they really had a chance .
`` The firefighters said that the fire was moving at a pace of 1 acre per minute , '' said Halbur . `` So that 's awfully fast . ''
`` It 's not surprising that most of the victims were seniors , '' said Marianne McBride , president and CEO of the Council on Aging in Sonoma County .
Certainly luck — or rather bad luck — played a role in some of the fatalities . For example , the fire swept through a mobile home park , Journey 's End , which catered to residents 55 and older . And reports say that Armando and Carmen Berriz were trying to drive to safety but got stuck on a tree that had crashed across the road . They took refuge in a swimming pool . They survived . They did n't .
But then there were Charles and Sara Rippey . They were 100 and they were 98 . According to news reports , they simply did n't have the mobility to escape their home before it crashed around them in flames .
Marianne McBride says that even if an older person could get out of their house , that does n't necessarily mean they could get away .
`` Twenty-five percent of us will lose our ability to drive in our lifetime , '' said McBride . `` So if that were the case and you did n't have a car to get away , then ... you 're stranded . ''
Many people who escaped reported being awakened by the smell of smoke . McBride says some older people who seemed relatively healthy might not have noticed that because many lose their sense of smell as they get older .
`` Anyone with early cognitive issues , sense of smell is one of the first things that goes , '' said McBride .
Other evacuees have said they were awakened by the roar of the wind or the flames . Or by pounding on the door . But nearly two-thirds of adults over age 70 have some degree of hearing loss . McBride says even hearing aids might not have helped in this situation because `` we take them off at night , or we turn them off at night . So it 's ... quite likely that we would n't hear something , '' they said .
And , as the story of LeRoy and Donna Halbur shows , a serious physical challenge can make it all but impossible to outrun the flames .
With direction from the Orange County Sheriff 's Department on Tuesday , the county board of supervisors divvied up the $ 150,000 reward offered after three inmates escaped jail in January.The board voted to give the money to four people : two employees at a Target in Rosemead who called police after spotting inmates Jonathan Tieu , Hossein Nayeri and Bac Duong ; the man who gave police details about their now infamous stolen van posted on Craigslist ; and Matthew Hay-Chapman , a homeless man in San Francisco who directed police to Nayeri and Tieu.In an interview last month , Hay-Chapman told ABC7 News that if they got the money he 'd like to use it to start a new life and help their grown children who have also had some tough times.Each person will be rewarded the following amounts from the reward : the Target employees , Hazel Javier and Jeffrey Arana , will get $ 15,000 each ; Armando Damien , the owner of the stolen van , will receive $ 20,000 ; and Matthew Hay Chapman will receive $ 100,000.Supervisor Shawn Nelson voted against rewarding Damien . They are n't the only person upset though as Hoang Tu , the attorney for Long Ma , the cab driver kidnapped by the inmates , insisted their client should receive a piece of the money.Tu said they 're still considering a lawsuit against the county . In the wake of the escape , the board also approved a new position at the sheriff 's department to provide internal oversight.Tieu , 20 , Nayeri , 37 , and Duong , 40 , escaped the Orange County Central Men 's Jail on Jan. 22 . The trio concocted an elaborate escape plan that involved cutting through steel bars , plumbing tunnels and rappelling down the jail 's roof.After a few days on the run , Bac Duong turned themselves in . On Jan. 30 , Nayeri and Tieu were located in a stolen white van near Golden Gate Park in San Francisco.County staff confirmed all of the checks were handed out after Tuesday 's meeting , except for Hay-Chapman , who was not in attendance .
Mr Macron said the decision to award the contract to DCNS was `` an honour for French industry '' . They stressed that they did not want to delay the procurement of submarines any further but said Australia should `` explore nuclear-powered options while our committed costs are only in the hundreds of millions '' . `` Not more robustly challenging the nuclear no-go mindset is probably the biggest regret I have from my time as PM , '' Mr Abbott said . `` I 'm not saying that we must go nuclear but surely we should at least consider the option before the opportunity is lost for another several decades . The French-based design is hardly begun , let alone finalised . No contract to build has been signed and wo n't be for years . This is because it 's a completely new sub – inspired by , rather [ than ] based on the existing nuclear model – that needs to be designed from scratch rather than simply modified to take a different engine . `` The first question would be whether the US could provide us with their nuclear-powered subs . The US already provides Australia with its most advanced aircraft and tanks and its most sophisticated submarine torpedo weapons system . We have nothing to lose from starting a discussion on this issue with our allies and friends – Britain and France – as well as primarily with the US . ''
Tony Abbott believes they won their election on carbon pricing , rather than simply because the voters had had enough of Rudd/Gillard/Rudd . Credit : AAP Mr Abbott suggested the nuclear-powered submarines could initially be based at the US base in Guam while Australia builds up its domestic nuclear capabilities , which are currently limited to the Lucas Heights reactor in Sydney . The former prime minister pointed out that Indonesia , Singapore , India and Vietnam are expanding their submarine fleets , South Korea has 14 vessels already and Japan 19 , while Russia and China 's Pacific fleets dwarf Australia 's and include nuclear-powered boats . `` Our new subs are supposed to be `` regionally superior '' – including , presumably , to the sharply increasing numbers of nuclear-powered attack submarines that are based in our region , '' they said . `` Armed with the best US combat system , they should be ; but they still have to be in the right place at the right time – and a conventional sub takes at least a fortnight to go from Australia to the South China Sea , through which passes more than 50 per cent of our trade . ''
​ '' Conventional subs need to surface frequently to recharge their batteries , need to refuel every 70 days , and can only briefly maintain a top speed of about 20 knots . Nuclear-powered submarines , on the other hand , can stay submerged as long as the crew can endure , never have to refuel , and can travel at nearly 40 knots . '' The Turnbull government has already privately discussed converting the Shortfin Barracuda into a nuclear-powered vessel in the future , but experts have warned it could take up to 15 years to have the domestic capacity to service the vessels . Mr Abbott also suggested it may be possible to secure bipartisan support from Labor , as the opposition avoided playing politics on national security . To make that point , they added that `` Labor has actually been stronger than the government on the assertion of freedom of navigation rights in the South China Sea '' .
Labor Defence spokesperson Richard Marles last year said Australia 's navy and airforce should be `` fully authorised '' to conduct freedom of navigation exercises in the South China Sea , including within 12 nautical miles of artificial islands built by China . Mr Abbott 's speech comes just days after they delivered an alternative political manifesto designed to revive the government 's political fortunes and win the next election . It also comes as the Turnbull government has been gripped by political infighting all week over same-sex marriage . Mr Pyne issued a grovelling apology on Wednesday after a leaked tape emerged in which they boasted that Coalition moderates could legalise same-sex marriage in the near future . Loading A day later , Fairfax Media revealed that moderates Senator Dean Smith and lower house MP Trent Zimmerman were drafting a private members bill to legalise same-sex marriage .
President Trump said on July 25 that they wanted Attorney General Jeff Sessions to be `` tougher '' on leaks . ( Reuters )
President Trump on Tuesday afternoon denied that they are letting Attorney General Jeff Sessions twist in the wind . But that is the very definition of what Trump is doing , and he 's doing it for an increasingly clear purpose : to make Sessions resign .
The worst part for Sessions is that there is really no way out . Trump seems bent on making their life a living hell for the foreseeable future , and there 's not many Sessions can do to stop it besides give them exactly what they want , thus leaving their own political career in tatters .
Trump continued their assault on Sessions in a Wall Street Journal interview published Tuesday afternoon — this time in highly personal terms . Trump suggested to the paper that Sessions , their earliest endorser among Senate Republicans , had backed Trump 's candidacy only because they saw the big campaign rallies and wanted a piece of the action .
“ When they say they endorsed me , I went to Alabama , ” Trump said . “ I had 40,000 people . They were a senator from Alabama . I won the state by a lot , massive numbers . A lot of the states I won by massive numbers . But they were a senator , they look at 40,000 people and they probably say , 'What do I have to lose ? ' And they endorsed me . So it 's not like a great loyal thing about the endorsement . But I 'm very disappointed in Jeff Sessions . ”
Ouch . The president of the United States basically just called their own attorney general thirsty . Sessions really stuck their neck out to endorse Trump when all of their colleagues were still skeptical ; Trump just spat on that endorsement .
Later , in a news conference with Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri , Trump was asked about potentially firing Sessions or forcing them to resign . They did n't directly address the matter , instead saying , “ I 'm very disappointed in the attorney general , but we will see what happens . Time will tell . Time will tell . ”
“ We 'll see what happens ” is notably what Trump said before they fired James B. Comey from their post as FBI director .
But in this case , it does n't seem that Trump wants to fire Sessions . Instead , it seems that they want to embarrass them into resigning . As I noted earlier Tuesday , that would have the added benefit of Trump not firing another law enforcement official over the Russia investigation . ( After all , the first time they did it , with Comey , it earned them an obstruction-of-justice investigation . )
If that is what Trump is doing , what does that leave Sessions to do ? Are they going to resign and give Trump what they want ? Are they going to throw away their decades of service in the Senate for six months as attorney general , after which history will record that they were essentially shamed into resigning by the president ? That would be a huge stain on their political legacy .
Or is they going to stay in their position and open themselves up to the kind of repeated abuse Trump has thrust upon them in recent days ? Trump 's attacks on Sessions are getting increasingly brutal and more personal . They have called them “ weak , ” “ beleaguered ” and now , essentially , a publicity seeker — a barnacle who clung to the side of Trump 's pirate ship .
It 's clear that Trump is going to keep doing this , day after day . And if Sessions tries to stick it out , who 's to say Trump wo n't just ultimately fire them anyway ?
The fact that Trump has n't yet fired Sessions , even though they clearly want to , is about as clear an admission as we 'll get that Trump is concerned about their obstruction-of-justice probe ; there can be no other reason that Sessions is still employed as the head of the Justice Department , when Trump clearly would rather they were n't .
But that 's kind of neither here nor there for Sessions , who has no good options right now and probably just wants to crawl in a hole and hope this all goes away . Apparently that 's their reward for supporting Trump .
Tired of political ads about jobs and the economy and the deficit ? The conservative group Let Freedom Ring will break that monotony with a new spot straight out of the Michele Bachmann school of Muslim scaremongering . The new online ad , part of a $ 7 million campaign targeting swing states , seeks to “ expose ” President Obama 's “ cozy ties with the Muslim Brotherhood , ” according to a press release .
The ad features ominous music behind scenes of scary brown people rallying with Egypt 's new president , Mohamed Morsi , who is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood party . Another image shows an Islamic crossed-swords seal superimposed on the White House . The female narrator , sounding genuinely hurt and confused , asks Obama , “ You invited the Muslim Brotherhood to the White House ? Legitimizing a group that wants to undermine America and destroy Israel ? ”
Advertisement :
Indeed , a Muslim Brotherhood delegation was invited to the White House after the party won Egyptian 's elections in the country 's first democratic elections . The ad does not mention Obama distancing themselves from the Muslim Brotherhood-led country last week in a minor diplomatic flub that was closer to the hawkish views of the ad 's creators than the apologetic ones it claims Obama holds . “ You sent them 1.5 billion of our taxpayer dollars ? Why , Mr. President , why ? ” the narrator continues . The U.S does send billions of dollars in military aid to Egypt , but the practice started under former dictator Hosni Mubarak .
The ad neatly picks up on Mitt Romney 's aborted narrative of the attacks last week on U.S. diplomatic outposts in the Middle East . “ After our embassies were stormed , President Obama 's administration offered apologies while the Muslim Brotherhood stood by as we were attacked , ” Let Freedom Ring president Colin Hanna said in a statement . “ Instead of confronting our enemies such as the Muslim Brotherhood , Obama kowtows to them . We must shine a light on their record that ultimately weakens our image abroad and emboldens our most dangerous enemies . ”
Who 's behind the ad ? Unfortunately , we will likely never know . Let Freedom Ring is a 501 ( c ) 4 “ social welfare ” organization , meaning it does not have to disclose its donors . Salon 's request for more information from the group was not immediately returned . A court ruling in a case brought by Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen would have required 501 ( c ) 4s to disclose donor information if ads fell within a certain window before an election , but unfortunately , a higher court overturned that ruling yesterday .
[ slide_show id=13015078 ]
Charlie Stadtlander , who organized the Jan. 25 meeting that led to the formation of two volunteer task forces to look into the viability and stability of YouthPride , stressed that the task forces had no authority other than what was “ given to us in spirit of cooperation ” with Board President Jordan Myers at that Jan. 25 meeting .
Stadtlander said they were “ disappointed ” with McPhaul 's antics . The cooperation abruptly ended in early February .
“ The individual or individuals , the leadership of YouthPride , every step of the way did not cooperate and obstructed [ the task forces ] . Then the individual came to the meeting to try to seize control and hijack the meeting and turn it into a ‘ blame the task force ' scenario , ” Stadlander said of McPhaul after the March 6 meeting .
Attendees said they felt ‘ unsafe '
It was during Patt Cianciullo 's presentation of YouthPride 's estimated debts that McPhaul entered the meeting . Cianciullo , a certified public accountant and co-chair of the viability task force , said it was determined YouthPride 's debt to be at approximately $ 81,000 as of March 6 . The numbers were based on documents provided to the volunteer committee by McPhaul .
The estimated debt includes a $ 41,000 lawsuit filed by Inman Park United Methodist Church against YouthPride for unpaid rent , as well as $ 23,000 in fines to the IRS for allegedly not filing tax returns . However not all financial documents were provided to the task force despite repeated requests , Stadtlander said .
YouthPride , which serves lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and queer metro Atlanta youth ages 13-24 , also does not have a legal board of directors .
“ I think the issue is we are inferring as opposed to having the facts at all . This is the problem , ” McPhaul said , interrupting the presentation soon after they arrived . “ These numbers are inaccurate . ”
Several times during the forum , McPhaul took over the microphone despite being told by Stadtlander they were not invited to make a presentation at the forum but rather could be part of the Q & A session . McPhaul also argued and talked over many of those trying to speak .
A former YouthPride client and employee remained standing at the front of the church next to task force members because they said they did not feel safe with McPhaul as they became angry at times , Stadtlander told GA Voice .
Former YouthPride counselor Tana Hall also stated publicly they did not feel safe as McPhaul repeatedly interrupted them as they spoke .
McPhaul : Some task force members ‘ duped ' into serving
McPhaul 's public comments included denigrating those serving on the task forces , saying , “ I think some people did this with good intention but I think some were duped . ”
“ While we appreciate all the work you [ the task force ] have done , the fact of the matter is we have worked on maintaining compliance and have maintained compliance with those that really do have the authority to say that we stay open or close , ” McPhaul said .
“ Just because we have not been compliant [ with no board ] does not mean we automatically shut down the agency . So we have to ensure we are compliant with the organizations that require that , ” McPhaul added .
McPhaul said they hired an attorney approximately three weeks ago to help the agency organize a board of directors .
The lawyer , Jason McCoy of the Atlanta-based Paul Hastings law firm , said in an interview Wednesday they spoke with McPhaul about a week and a half ago ago and has been retained on a pro bono basis to help McPhaul create a new board of directors .
“ He wants to transition to a new board of directors . I 've reviewed the bylaws and have had conversations with other board members , ” McCoy said .
McCoy clarified by saying they have spoken to McPhaul and Board President Jordan Myers . Myers has been missing in action since January , ignoring requests for comment from the GA Voice .
Myers also reportedly ordered McPhaul to shut down YouthPride , according to Tana Hall , the former counselor at YouthPride who said Myers told them the agency was to shut down Feb. 17 .
McCoy said they are hopeful YouthPride will be able to form a legal board of directors within 60 days .
During Tuesday night 's meeting , Rev . Paul Turner of Gentle Spirit Christian Church tried to discuss the future of YouthPride and what steps can be made with the agency in an obvious financial crisis , but McPhaul continued to interrupt him .
“ Let me cut to the chase as an outside observer . YouthPride is not doing its job . Regardless of where the fault is , ” Turner said , “ it would be far more constructive to talk about what we will do with the youth now … ”
“ But let me say , let me say….YouthPride is still providing services , ” McPhaul said , speaking over Turner .
“ Excuse me , excuse me , sir , please do n't cut me off . I 'm the wrong person to start this with , ” Turner responded , obviously irritated .
“ Wrong person to start what with ? ” McPhaul challenged .
“ Cutting me off and being rude , ” Turner answered .
“ We do n't need to do any finger pointing . Let 's start talking about what we do to make sure these kids are taken care of , ” Turner added .
McPhaul acknowledged they did not want to inform the youth of the agency 's financial and legal difficulties and many have said they only started finding out the issues after reading about them in the media .
One support group volunteer facilitator , Darryl Moores , said they requested McPhaul speak to their young adult group to inform them of what was happening . They added , however , that they are a strong supporter of McPhaul .
Youth react to task force findings
Numerous youth spoke out at the meeting , saying they believe in the mission of YouthPride and want a one-stop venue for support groups , HIV testing and counseling services . Several said being able to attend YouthPride saved their lives .
They all agreed they wanted to be part of the process of either saving YouthPride , organizing a new youth services organization or working with ones already serving the community .
But others were angered by the task force 's presentations of the agency 's debt , as well as a contingency plan that has been set in place where youth can go for services should YouthPride eventually close .
“ I 'm pissed , I 'm pissed , ” said Casey Geyer , 20 , who has been utilizing YouthPride 's services for two years .
“ I feel like this entire situation from day one of the task force to today was completely removed from youth involvement . I feel like the people here do n't adequately represent our interests as queer youth , ” Geyer said .
“ I feel disappointed . I hope that now queer youth that are affected will find a way without the need for this kind of meeting . [ YouthPride ] is a pillar for us . It is a unified center . That is important . We need a place to organize ourselves . I do think we need to be organizing ourselves , ” Geyer added .
But Timothy Obialo , 28 , who attended YouthPride support groups from 2005-2008 , said the meeting made them feel more positive about what the task force was attempting to do .
“ I think [ the meeting ] was positive . Initially from conversations I was hearing there was this feeling the task force was attempting to hijack YouthPride and that was the feeling a lot of us had when we came in , ” they said . “ But the numbers were laid out , people were n't meeting , money was n't going where it was supposed to go , and I understand that . ”
In an interview after the forum , Stadtlander addressed the concerns youth had that they were being shut out of the process .
“ Throughout this entire process , our community task force has repeatedly attempted to involve the youth in everything we were doing and we were completely shut out by the current executive director , the current leadership , ” they said .
“ I am committed in having the youth involved . And for the executive director to stand here and say that they made the decision to not involve the youth and then to keep the youth from us is very indicative of their philosophy that has contributed to the downfall of this organization , ” they added .
Stadtlander said they believed YouthPride is “ radioactive ” and can not be saved . They said the community members on the task force would help the youth should they seek it .
“ The assessment of any person that looks at the depth of information we looked at — financial and legal — would come to the current conclusion YouthPride can not be saved . It is radioactive , ” they said .
“ The reality of that will eventually rear its head and when that occurs we believe that moving forward with whatever the youth think they need , and if that 's a new youth services organization , we 're committed to seeing that happen , ” they said
McPhaul : Working on ‘ creative and alternative measures '
After the meeting , McPhaul told a group of people that the agency recently received a grant to hire new staff members .
In an email today responding to questions about the grant , McPhaul stated , “ I have been working on certain long term creative and alternative measures for funding YouthPride given the negative economic climate that was growing as I became executive director [ in 2009 ] . Some of them have been in the works for two years . At this time , as YouthPride has other partners in the endeavor , I will decline further comment . However , a public announcement is being scheduled . ”
At Tuesday 's forum , someone asked about McPhaul 's salary and if they were being paid .
“ I 'll simply say that mine is not paid up-to-date , ” they said Wednesday .
McPhaul also stated at the Tuesday forum that YouthPride was $ 100,000 in debt when they were hired in June 2009 and that a $ 60,000 grant from the Lloyd E. Russell Foundation was pulled without their knowledge .
Pamm Burdett , who runs the foundation , said McPhaul is lying .
“ The remainder of the grant was pulled long before Terence started there and it was due to a breach of contract by YP and the former director and board . I have not given YP any money since 2008 due to the breach , ” they told GA Voice in an email .
Top photo : Charlie Stadtlander ( right ) and YouthPride Executive Director Terence McPhaul ( far left ) at last night 's town hall forum concerning the future of the LGBTQ youth organization . ( by Dyana Bagby )
Images of earthquakes , hurricanes , and floods can be horrifying , and many people who escape such disasters are undoubtedly traumatized . But despite all they have endured , the good news is that many of these survivors will probably bounce back fairly quickly .
In the past decade , a lot of attention has been focused on , which can disrupt sleep , cause recurrent nightmares and emotional instability , make difficult if not impossible , and haunt a survivor with flashbacks .
But in the concern over those who suffer from symptoms , the power of human may have been overlooked . Research shows that most of us actually rebound rapidly from trauma and loss , even when it is shocking and severe .
Overall , only 8 to 20 percent of people exposed to a potentially traumatizing event develop PTSD . Even among the emergency response and recovery workers at the World Trade Center site , the numbers were fairly low . According to the Centers for Disease Control , about 13 percent had symptoms that would qualify for a diagnosis of the disorder .
Psychologist George Bonanno , an expert in resiliency and grief , has found that continued stability and relatively healthy psychological functioning is actually the most common response following a harrowing experience .
Immediately after enduring an ordeal such as the death of a spouse or escape from a terrorist attack , many people have distressing feelings , find it hard to concentrate or have trouble . `` When people are exposed to potentially traumatic events , most are shaken up and experience stress reactions—their physiological processes are activated , they may be in a state of hypervigilance and arousal , or they may be stunned and numb , '' says Bonanno , an associate professor of clinical psychology at Columbia 's Teacher 's College . These responses are normal .
But for most people , these symptoms fade away within a few days or weeks . The majority either have no significant coping problems or they struggle to cope for a brief time before recovering . `` They may have their ups and downs , but they can still function , '' they say . In one of their studies of middle-aged widows and widowers , Bonanno found that more than one-half experienced few symptoms of traumatic stress , and these did not persist .
It 's important to remember that this research is focused on significant problems that interfere with normal life , such as finding it impossible to enjoy the company of and family .
Directly after experiencing a major trauma , even very resilient people generally feel powerful emotions of sadness , or . In fact , there 's some evidence that experiencing these emotions in the immediate wake of a trauma may pave the way for a more robust recovery .
Yet for most of us , these strong feelings do n't make it impossible to work or relate to friends and family . And they do n't interfere with our capacity for joy and fulfillment .
No one is sure yet why some people struggle with post-traumatic stress and why others cope much more easily . may have a lot to do with it ; tend to cope somewhat better , as do those who are flexible in the face of change .
At some point in life , most of us will endure at least one potentially traumatic event , such as a life-threatening accident or the loss of a close relative . For those times when we are at a loss to help someone who has recently gone through a trauma , Bonanno has a few suggestions :
This article has been updated , and you can read it here . The comments section to this article have been closed , but you can comment at the newer version .
A few days ago , I wrote an article discussing how antivaccination trope inventors could not understand the most basic elements of mathematics in reading a vaccine label . They misinterpreted some simple math like that the toxic level of a substance is several million times higher than what is injected . I suppose in the minds of vaccine deniers , 1=1 billion . Or 1 trillion . Or 4783.2226 . It just depends .
And if they ca n't understand the simplest of math principles , assuming that they would understand population level statistics might be a really bad assumption .
Recently , I was pointed to an antivaccination article , on the Political Blindspot website , which is dedicated to finding news articles swept under the rug by mainstream media . My skeptical radar always goes into full energy mode whenever I see the word “ mainstream . ”
Basically , the article disputes the notion that vaccine exemptions have lead to outbreaks of measles in New York City and Orange County , CA by asking :
If the measles outbreaks in California , and particularly in and around Orange County , as well as New York City are because of non-vaccinators , then why are n't we seeing outbreaks of everything not being vaccinated for ? Why just measles and why all of a sudden , when the number of people opting out of vaccinations has actually steadily dropped in the last few years – after an initial wave of people not doing it ?
To answer their questions , 1 ) because the vaccination rate is still high enough for most vaccine preventable diseases that the herd effect may still protect those who are not vaccinated ; 2 ) Why measles ? Because it is a highly infectious and contagious respiratory disease . Without oversimplifying it , the measles virus , because it is passed from one person to another through coughing or sneezing , if one person carries it , the virus seems to search for all of those individuals who are not immune . The disease spreads faster when there are pockets of unvaccinated individuals .
To back up their claim , Political Blindspot put up a graphic , from the CDC , as if that supported the contention that vaccine exemptions do n't lead to vaccine preventable disease outbreaks .
The writers at Political Blindspot use this as the defining data that vaccine exemptions mean nothing to disease outbreaks .
Non-vaccinators in NY are .1-1 % of the population . In California we are talking 1.1-2 % . Why are n't we seeing increases in outbreaks in Vermont , Michigan and Oregon where the rate is over 6 % ? Correlation ( or worse yet , public perception of correlation ) , is not causation : whether it 's vaccines and autism , or whether it 's a tiny number of people not vaccinating , and a few places having measles outbreaks .
Please help me out by Tweeting out this article or posting it to your favorite Facebook group.There are two ways you can help support this blog . First , you can use Patreon by clicking on the link below . It allows you to set up a monthly donation , which will go a long way to supporting the Skeptical RaptorFinally , you can also purchase anything on Amazon , and a small portion of each purchase goes to this website . Just click below , and shop for everything .
The reason is because vaccine exemptions are n't perfectly and evenly distributed across a state or any geographic area . There are clusters of parents , whether because of some New Age belief in “ natural ” immunity , a religious sect , or for some other unscientific reason , who request exemptions at higher rates than the surrounding or general population . We would have to statistically sample each cluster , while not knowing in advance whether the cluster exists or not . So what we do n't know is how those exemptions are distributed within a geographic area . Using epidemiological techniques , we can , and have in this case , reviewed who was vaccinated and who was n't after contracting measles . In this way , we determine where the cluster of non-vaccination exists .
An example of this kind of “ eyeballing ” data , rather than determining the size of the cluster , can be shown quite clearly in the 2012 US Presidential Election .
If you look at this map , it 's pretty clear that Mitt Romney won the election , because of the general appearance of much more red ( representing counties that voted for Romney ) as opposed to the blue . In fact , Romney won 2259 counties and Obama only 649 . Sounds like a landslide election for Romney . Except , it was n't . We know that President Obama won 51.1 % of the vote , because generally the blue counties are much more populous than the red ones , especially counties on the Pacific Coast and Northeast .
This is just one example , but it shows how a visual examination of data , especially at a meta level can be deceiving . To determine a valid epidemiological correlation between the level of vaccination versus incidence of vaccine preventable diseases , we need to look at how both exemptions and disease outbreaks compare at the smallest geographic level possible .
For example , a unvaccinated man infected with measles rode the public transportation system in San Francisco , which has an extremely high uptake of MMR vaccination ( against measles , mumps and rubella ) , and there was no outbreak of measles . And yes , measles is so infectious and contagious , one person riding on one train could have caused a massive outbreak if there was no high quality herd effect as we found in SF .
Measles cases were up over 80 % in 2013 over 2014 in the USA . And over 80 % of those infected were not vaccinated and occurred in very small clusters that had vaccine refusal rates substantially above the surrounding state and the USA as a whole . We all heard about the Texas church that had 21 cases of measles because their ignorant pastor said that vaccination was un-biblical ( though they subsequently changed their mind , and told their sheep to get vaccinated ) . Texas has a low rate of vaccine exemptions , less than 2 % , yet the outbreak happened , because within the state was a localized cluster of large rate of vaccine exemptions .
Of course , vaccine exemptions are actually a terrible mathematical indicator of the uptake of vaccinations amongst children . The best one is to actually count how many children are vaccinated by state , and we have that data ( and it can be drilled down to the county or city level ) . And even though a state may have high vaccine uptake , local areas are going to be problematic .
More than that , we have plenty of scientific evidence that higher exemption rates lead to higher vaccine preventable disease rates . In fact , a recent study actually examined , with that real math called statistics , how exemption rates were highly correlated with risk of preventable diseases . And they did n't eyeball a map , trying to make a nonsensical , ignorant analysis of clusters of disease . No , they used real math , and frankly , not a type of math beyond the grasp of a reasonably educated person , to show real correlations .
Here 's how it works . You can find data that supports anything you want . It does n't mean it is well done data . It does n't mean it 's actually statistically significant . But I guess you could be antivaccination writer for Political Blindspot , find a pretty map , and then cherry pick ( poorly at that ) data to support your unsupported beliefs .
Or you can use real math , dig for real data , and find out what it tells you with mathematical analysis . The authors had to go through the peer-reviewed process and get their article published in Pediatrics . Oh , also the authors of the real science article that uses real math all have MD 's and/or master's/doctorates in Public Health . And years of real scientific and public health experience . A total of maybe 100 years of education and knowledge .
Versus some fool , who appears to lack even 3rd grade math , writing on a website filled with lunatic conspiracy theories and nonsense .
But as I 've found out , it 's the simple math that stumps the antivaccination cult . Numbers confuse them , so they need to bring out a pretty map and completely misinterpret what it says . I guess we all need to point that out once in a while .
Visit the Science-based Vaccine Search Engine .
Key citations :
Related
1996 crime film directed by Matthew Bright
Freeway is a 1996 crime film written and directed by Matthew Bright and starring Kiefer Sutherland , Reese Witherspoon and Brooke Shields . The film 's plot resembles the fairy tale `` Little Red Riding Hood '' . [ 3 ]
Plot [ edit ]
Vanessa Lutz is a poor , illiterate teenage girl living south of Los Angeles . Them mother , Ramona , is arrested in a prostitution sting and their stepfather , Larry , is taken into custody on drug and child abuse charges . Social worker Mrs . Sheets comes to take Vanessa away , but Vanessa handcuffs their ankle to a bed and runs away . They take their parents ' run-down car and plans to go to their grandmother in Stockton . Along the way , Vanessa stops to see their boyfriend Chopper Wood , a local gang member , to tell them about their trip and they give them a gun to sell upon arriving at their destination . Minutes after Vanessa leaves , Chopper is killed in a drive-by shooting by rival gang members . Later , Bob Wolverton , a counselor at a school for boys with emotional problems , picks them up after their car breaks down and offers to take them as far as Los Angeles , where they are headed .
Over the long drive , Vanessa comes to trust Bob , and confesses to them the details of their painfully dysfunctional life , including being sexually abused by their stepfather . At one point , Vanessa shows Bob a photo they keep in their wallet of their biological father ( whose picture , unbeknownst to Vanessa , is of mass murderer Richard Speck ) . That evening , Bob attacks Vanessa and reveals that they are a serial killer of young girls – known in the press as the `` I-5 Killer '' . They try to kill Vanessa when they refuse to give in to him . The tables are turned , however , as Vanessa eventually pulls out their gun and shoots them several times before escaping . They go to a local restaurant where their blood-stained appearance attracts attention from the patrons and staff .
Leaving the restaurant , Vanessa is arrested and questioned by two police detectives , Mike Breer and Garnet Wallace , who write them off as a carjacker , even though they insist Bob had tried to kill them and had told them about their crimes .
Bob has survived , but the bullet wounds have left them severely handicapped and disfigured . Vanessa is put on trial , with everyone believing that Bob is the innocent victim they claim to be since they have no criminal record , while Vanessa has a long record and is a veteran of juvenile homes . Vanessa goes to prison , while Bob and their socialite wife Mimi , who knows nothing of their crimes , are treated like heroes .
Initially scared , Vanessa makes friends in prison that include a heroin-addicted lesbian named Rhonda and a brutal Hispanic gang leader named Mesquita . Vanessa plots to escape to continue on to visit their grandmother . Vanessa learned from their stepfather how to make a crude knife from a toothbrush . Vanessa and Mesquita , escorted by prison guards to a new new maximum security prison , escape ; Mesquita kills one . Vanessa and Mesquita part ways -- Mesquita to be reunited with them gang .
Breer and Wallace find when re-examining evidence that Vanessa had told the truth . They search Bob 's home and find violent child pornography and human remains in a storage shed . Horrified , Mimi runs upstairs and commits suicide . Bob finds the police at their home , and flees to Vanessa 's grandmother 's place , a trailer park , after finding the address written on a picture of the old woman Vanessa had showed him .
Posing as a prostitute , Vanessa steals a car from a prospective john and drives to their grandmother 's house . Vanessa finds Bob in bed wearing their grandmother 's nightgown and nightcap with the covers pulled up to their nose . Bob reveals themselves and Vanessa sees their grandmother 's body on the floor . A struggle ensues , culminating in Vanessa strangling Bob . Breer and Wallace arrive and find the bodies of Bob and Vanessa 's grandmother . Outside , Vanessa sits in a chair , near their breaking point , when they look up and asks the detectives if they have a cigarette . They smile , and Vanessa responds in kind .
Cast [ edit ]
Critical reception [ edit ]
The film was received positively by most critics , who lauded the film 's hard-edged satire and performances . Film critic Roger Ebert gave Freeway three and a half stars out of four and stated , `` like it or hate it ( or both ) , you have to admire its skill , and the over-the-top virtuosity of Reese Witherspoon and Kiefer Sutherland . '' It received `` Two Thumbs Up '' on Siskel and Ebert At the Movies . Joe Baltake of The Sacramento Bee gave Freeway four stars out of four and called it `` a wild , audacious drive-in attraction that takes the 'high ' from 'highbrow ' and the 'low ' from 'lowdown ' and shakes them up '' . Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle gave Freeway four stars out of four and said that it was `` rude in the way the truth is rude—only funnier '' . Margaret A. McGurk wrote for The Cincinnati Enquirer that `` I did n't particularly want to like Freeway , but I could n't help myself . Reese Witherspoon made me . `` [ 4 ]
As of November 2018 , Freeway holds a rating of 76 % on Rotten Tomatoes based on 38 reviews . [ 5 ]
Sequel [ edit ]
A sequel titled Freeway II : Confessions of a Trickbaby was released in 1999 , but was largely disregarded and released direct-to-video .
References [ edit ]
Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said does not want the federal government aid to Penang flood victims to be politicised . — Picture by Yusof Mat Isa
KUCHING , Nov 5 — Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Dr Ahmad Zahid Hamidi does not want the federal government aid to Penang flood victims to be politicised , although the state is ruled by the Opposition at federal level .
“ The federal government is committed to provide aid to all the flood victims although some people say it is not the responsibility of the state government but that of the federal government .
“ Please do not politicise the federal government aid just because the victims consist of those from different political parties and of different races .
“ Since Malaysians can help disaster victims in foreign countries , surely priority must be given to helping our own people , ” they told a press conference after a closed-door session with the Royal Malaysian Police ( PDRM ) personnel at the Sarawak Police Headquarters ( IPK ) here , today .
Ahmad Zahid , who is also Home Minister said Penang Chief Minister Lim Guan Eng contacted them for the second time today , at 12.41pm , to say that the federal government 's aid via several agencies had been received .
“ The prime minister ( Datuk Seri Najib Razak ) and I extend aid despite the fact that the state government is not with Putrajaya ( federal government ) .
“ However , for the sake of humanity and responsibility to the people as a whole , I ordered the enforcement agencies to mobilise their assets immediately .
Ahmad Zahid said the aid items distributed to the flood victims were from the allocation of the National Disaster Management Agency ( Nadma ) .
“ The aid is not only financial but also in the form of food , equipment , medical and other requirements , and were distributed less than six hours after the order was issued .
“ Flood victims yet to receive aid can contact Nadma officers or the other relief agencies for immediate action , ” said Ahmad Zahid who is also the chairperson of Nadma . — Bernama
Part 1 : naterrang.deviantart.com/art/C… Part 2 : naterrang.deviantart.com/art/C… Part 4 : naterrang.deviantart.com/art/C… Okay , it 's finally here ! The next part of the Core of the Apple comic , and the saddest chapter of this story . For those that might be feeling down , the mood will lighten with the next chapter . Also the next chapter will be MUCH shorter , so it should n't take as long to get out if life does n't get in the way . First and foremost I would like to thank who 's brilliant dramatic readings of the other two parts of this story rekindled my motivation to complete this story . And I would also like to thank for their composition advice for this chapter . Anyway , hope you guys enjoy and look forward to the next chapter ! Let me know what you think in the comments ! EDIT : has once again graciously provided a comic dub for this chapter of the story ! ( In record time I might add ! ) Check it out : www.youtube.com/watch ? v=gz0H5Z…
Citing concerns that Students for Justice in Palestine ( SJP ) would be too “ polarizing ” for the campus to tolerate , Fordham University denied status to a group of students seeking to establish an SJP club . Palestine Legal and the Center for Constitutional Rights wrote Fordham today to challenge the decision as a violation of free speech and civil rights . Fordham denied the club after delaying students ' application for over one year , and after repeated questioning about their support for boycotts , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) and whether they would work with the Israel lobby group J Street . There is no appeal .
“ My own university told me I ca n't share my culture and history like other students because I 'm a Palestinian who believes in Palestinian freedom , ” said Ahmad Awad , whose family is originally from the West Bank , and who hoped to be president of SJP . “ I just graduated last month , so I 'll never have that chance . ”
Palestine Legal 's letter explains that when Fordham censored SJP , it violated free speech and academic freedom guarantees . It also states :
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of race , color , or national origin by institutions that receive federal funding . A university may lose its federal funding if it treats a student differently because of his/her national origin , resulting in a denial of a student 's educational activities .
In a letter to students denying the club status , Dean Keith Eldredge expressed concern that SJP 's “ sole purpose is advocating political goals of a specific group , ” that the group would lead to “ polarization ” and that “ the call for Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions of Israel presents a barrier to open dialogue . ”
“ No one 's more polarizing than president-elect Trump , but Fordham did not ban the College Republicans , ” said Palestine Legal staff attorney Radhika Sainath . “ In singling out a group dedicated to Palestinian rights for censorship , Fordham makes a mockery of its supposed commitment to freedom of inquiry and critical thinking . ”
The letter notes other political and cultural groups at Fordham that are granted associational status including the Rainbow Alliance , Women in STEM and African-American , Asian-Pacific Islander , French , Greek , Irish , Italian , Korean , German , Latino , Polish and South Asian clubs .
This incident epitomizes the well-documented and widespread suppression of Palestinian rights advocacy across the country . Palestine Legal and the Center for Constitutional Rights documented hundreds of such incidents in a report released in 2015 , “ The Palestine Exception to Free Speech : A Movement Under Attack in the U.S . ”
Fordham 's decision comes after mounting pressure to censor SJP 's criticism of Israeli policy . Last year the New York state senate voted to cut $ 485 million dollars in funding to the City University of New York ( CUNY ) after the Zionist Organization of America falsely accused CUNY of tolerating antisemitic activity by SJP , and demanded that CUNY ban SJP from all campuses . The accusations against SJP were rebuked after a former federal judge and prosecutor conducted a 6-month independent investigation , which determined it was a “ mistake ” to blame SJP .
Palestine Legal has responded to over 600 such incidents since January 2014 , the vast majority of which targeted students and scholars . “ As we celebrate Martin Luther King , Jr. and the achievements of the civil rights movement through boycotts , sit-ins , and marches , and as we usher in a president who threatens to crush dissent , we must all be vigilant in safeguarding our right to come together to seek change , ” said Maria LaHood , Deputy Legal Director at the Center for Constitutional Rights . “ If Fordham is truly committed to fostering learning and leadership , it must allow its students to come together to seek justice for Palestine , or find itself on the wrong side of history . ”
You Can Buy Insulin Without A Prescription , But Should You ?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lynn Ischay for NPR Lynn Ischay for NPR
As anyone with diabetes can tell you , managing the disease with insulin usually means regular checkups at the doctor 's office to fine-tune the dosage , monitor blood-sugar levels and check for complications .
But here 's a little known fact : Some forms of insulin can be bought without a prescription .
Carmen Smith did that for six years when they did n't have health insurance and did n't have a primary care doctor . They bought their insulin without a prescription at Wal-Mart .
`` It 's not like we go in our trench coat and a top hat , saying , 'Uh I need the insulin , ' `` says Smith , who lives in Cleveland . `` The clerks usually do n't know it 's a big secret . They 'll just go , 'Do we sell over-the-counter insulin ? ' ``
Once the pharmacist says yes , the clerk just goes to get it , Smith says . `` And you purchase it and go about your business . ''
But it 's still a pretty uncommon purchase .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lynn Ischay for NPR Lynn Ischay for NPR
Smith did n't learn from a doctor that they could buy insulin that way . In fact , many doctors do n't know it 's possible . When they no longer had insurance to help pay for doctors ' appointments or medicine , Smith happened to ask at Wal-Mart if they could get vials of the medicine without a prescription . To figure out the dose , they just used the same amount a doctor had given their years before .
It was a way to survive , they say , but no way to live . It was horrible when they did n't get the size of the dose or the timing quite right .
`` It 's a quick high and then , it 's a down , '' Smith says . `` The down part is , you feel icky . You feel lifeless . You feel pain . And the cramps are so intense — till you ca n't walk , you ca n't sit , you ca n't stand . ''
Smith says their guesswork put them in the emergency room a handful of times over the years .
The availability of insulin over the counter presents a real conundrum . As Smith 's experience shows , without training or guidance from a health care provider , it can be dangerous for a patient to guess at the best dosage and timing from version to version of insulin . On the other hand , being able to afford and easily buy some when they needed it may have saved their lives .
There are two types of human insulin available over the counter ; one made by Eli Lilly and the other by Novo Nordisk . These versions of the medicine are older , and take longer to metabolize than some of the newer , prescription versions ; they were created in the early 1980s , and the prices range from more than $ 200 a vial to as little as $ 25 , depending on where you buy them .
Dr. Jorge Calles , an endocrinologist at MetroHealth , Cleveland 's public hospital , is alarmed to think that some people are self-medicating with any sort of insulin .
`` It 's a very serious situation if they are selling it over the counter — without any control with a prescription , specifically , '' Calles says .
According to the medical consulting firm IMS Health , about 15 percent of people who buy insulin in the growing U.S. diabetes market purchase it over the counter without a prescription .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration declined multiple requests by NPR for an interview on this topic . But , in an email , an FDA representative said that the versions of insulin now available over the counter were approved for sale that way because they are based on a less concentrated , older formulation , `` that did not require a licensed medical practitioner 's supervision for safe use . ''
The broader availability of this form of insulin allows patients with diabetes to obtain it `` quickly in urgent situations , without delays , '' the FDA says , and is intended to increase patient safety .
Still , some people with diabetes , as well as some doctors , doubt that the benefits of that greater availability outweigh the risks , especially for patients who switch from one type of insulin to another without telling their doctor .
`` This is not something that should be done without the help of a professional , '' says David Kliff , who has Type 1 diabetes and writes the Diabetic Investors blog . Kliff has followed and written about the expanding business of diabetes for years .
FDA officials are `` basically sticking their heads in the sand '' on this issue , Kliff says , and making a lot of assumptions .
`` They look at insulin as a drug , '' they say , `` and say , 'There 's this enormous body of evidence that shows that the drug is safe . ' But , you know , there 's a little asterisk at the end there . What the little asterisk basically says is : 'You know , that 's assuming that the patient is trained on it . ' ``
When asked about safety concerns , the FDA told NPR that the agency welcomes more research into the safety of over-the-counter insulin .
One state does require prescriptions for all insulin . Dr. Kevin Burke , a health officer for Clark County , Ind. , led the effort to require prescriptions in their state .
`` I did n't realize that insulin was over the counter in Indiana until two of my patients , who were in good control , suddenly had increased glucoses , '' Burke says . They asked them if they had changed their diet , lost weight , altered their workout routines . They had not .
`` They both admitted that they had decided to switch to over-the-counter insulin , '' Burke says , `` which was different from what I had prescribed . ''
Over time , taking the wrong dosages destroys your body , Burke says . Poorly managed diabetes is the cause of a host of complications , such as high blood pressure , kidney disease , nerve damage , loss of eyesight and stroke .
Burke says they took their concerns to the American Medical Association . But the national doctor 's association told them there are no data showing that the drug 's over-the counter availability is a public health hazard . In fact , the AMA 's board noted , getting insulin without a doctor 's prescription may be an important way for some insulin-dependent patients to get access to the medicine they need .
Dr. Todd Hobbs is chief medical officer of Novo Nordisk in North America , which makes Novolin , one of the two versions of insulin sold over the counter . Their company partners with Wal-Mart to sell its version under the brand name ReliOn . ( Wal-Mart declined to be interviewed for this story . )
Hobbs says Novo Nordisk 's version of insulin is for people who do n't have insurance , or who have to pay a lot for their other prescriptions — `` people who just , for whatever reason , have fallen through the cracks and either do n't have insurance coverage at the time or are without coverage . ''
With ever-rising copays and premiums , they say , many patients are turning to nonprescription insulin because it 's cheaper and all they can afford .
`` But we hope to try to help them to not have to do that , '' Hobbs says .
`` We clearly think the newer versions are more close to what the body would do on its own , '' they say . The prescription versions are better and safer , they agree , because they make it easier for patients to avoid wild fluctuations in blood sugar .
Carmen Smith does n't blame the insulin they were taking for their emergency room visits .
`` Insulin is not the problem , '' they say . `` It is getting the insulin that is the problem . Once I got connected with my physician , life as a diabetic got a lot less complicated for me . ''
Smith is now on Medicaid . They have a doctor — and a prescription for one of the newer generations of insulin .
This story is part of NPR 's reporting partnership with WCPN ideastream and Kaiser Health News .
3 Steps to Enhance your Corporate Event 's Impact
A good deal of B2B companies considers corporate events like trade shows and conferences to be the best avenues for acquiring quality business leads . Then again , only a handful could manage to provide participants with experiences lasting up until a sales appointment is set .
More important than just holding an event is creating an impactful event . It is clear enough that managers have their own ways to this , but can these strategies achieve valuable long-term relationships ? How about better revenue ?
These are questions you would need to answer when it comes down to marketing your corporate events . But considering the financial and technical challenges , it is vital to make use of better approaches to fashion your events into treasure troves of business opportunities you want them to be .
Here are some steps to consider in your event marketing as seen on an article posted in the Tradeshow News Network website .
Differentiate your event
In your marketing content , always make it a point to highlight the key factors that distinguish your event from others in the same vertical . Expand the appeal of your brand by highlighting the unique value that your team is bringing to the industry and the professionals associated with it . This is the best way to forge an emotional connection with attendees and exhibitors .
Capture accurate demographics data
It is vitally important to know and understand your audiences ' roles and requirements . Your marketing and event management plans need to realistically address the aspirations of the participants . To facilitate , it is extremely important to capture accurate data on the demographics of attendees when they register for the event . This is even more crucial when seen in context of engaging young professionals and first time attendees . However , according to a recent CEIR report , despite efforts targeting young professionals , most exhibition organizers do not capture information on age when a professional registers to attend .
Engage participants the year round
Acquiring new customers is always more difficult and resource-intensive than keeping one 's current audience engaged . When a trade show or conference ends , it 's always advisable to stay in touch with the event participants and invite them to share feedback on what worked or did not work for them at your event . Address any reported issues and improve your next event by eliminating the root cause of those issues .
Want to have better chances in your events telemarketing and email campaign ? Looks like you 'll need all the help you can get from an industry award-winning lead generation company . Call us today .
Qara Kelisa , the feast of St Thaddeus of the Armenians in the oldest church in the world
Located in northwestern Iran , on the border with Azerbaijan and Turkey , the monastery was built , according to tradition , in 68 AD after the martyrdom of the Apostle of Christ . Hundreds of Armenians from Iran and Armenia gather each July to baptise their children , as well as eat and sing together .
Jul 28 , 2016
MAKU : Hundreds of Assyrians , Armenians and Catholics from Iran and other countries are expected to travel to the monastery of Saint Thaddeus ( also called Qara Kelisa ) to honour the saint 's memory and celebrate for a few days in late July .
The place of worship is one of the oldest surviving Christian monuments and is located in Iran 's West Azerbaijan Province , some 20 kilometres form Maku , near the border with Azerbaijan and Turkey .
According to tradition , Qara Kelisa is the first church built in the world , by Saint Thaddeus the Apostle during their visit to Armenia and the Persian Empire ( 45 AD ) .
The saint converted King Abgar V of Edessa , but in the 66 AD , their son , Ananum , sentenced them to death . Sandokht , daughter of the king converted to Christianity , was martyred along with Thaddeus . According to legend , the church was dedicated to the saint in 68 AD .
Every year , in the second half of July , the local Church organises special events to commemorate the death of Saint Thaddeus and their fellow Christians .
The festivity is especially important for Armenians living in Iran . For a whole week , people from cities such as Tabriz , Urmia , Tehran , Isfahan and Qazvin , converge on Qara Kelisa , in groups and families .
The rituals include the baptism of children and youngsters , who can wait in some cases up to the age of 20 before receiving the chrism in the oldest church in the world with solemn promises .
For many Armenians , the festival is also an opportunity to take a holiday and visit distant relatives . Near the church , feasts and banquets are held with traditional songs and dances .
The church consists of two parts : a black structure ( the original structure was black , and Qara means black in Turkish ) , and a white structure , the main church , which was added to the original building 's western wing in 1810 .
Not much appears to remain of the original church , which was extensively rebuilt in 1329 after an earthquake damaged the structure .
Nevertheless , some of the parts surrounding the altar apse date from the 10th century . A great part of the church was destroyed in the year 1230 during the attack of Genghis Khan. -- Asia News
A Russian spy ship spotted `` loitering '' off Virginia last month has traveled south and was seen Thursday about 150 miles off Florida heading toward the Caribbean , U.S. officials told Fox News .
RUSSIAN SALE OF FIGHTER JETS TO UAE HIGHLIGHTS SHIFT TOWARD KREMLIN
The Viktor Leonov was southeast of U.S . Naval Station Mayport , the officials said .
In the past , whenever the ship sailed close to Florida , U.S. Navy aircraft would fly from Jacksonville to take a look . Officials said to expect the same response this time around .
TRUMP 'S NOT TELLING THE WHOLE STORY ON TRADE , CHINA CLAIMS
United States territorial waters extend 12 nautical miles from shore .
Fox News was first to report the sighting of the Russian spy ship off the coast of Delaware in mid-February . When the ship `` loitered '' near Norfolk , Va. , it was about 19 miles from land , U.S. officials said .
The Victor Leonov was armed with an array of intelligence gathering equipment used to intercept communications and analyze U.S. Navy sonar capability . `` It 's lawful [ and ] similar to operations we do around the world , '' Pentagon spokesperson Capt . Jeff Davis told reporters last month .
The Russian spy ship left its homeport in the Barents Sea near Norway , part of Russia 's northern fleet , around New Year 's Day , according to American defense officials . Following a port call in Jamaica , the Russian ship then began its voyage north along the east coast of the United States before turning south .
The ship was spotted in Havana Harbor in January 2015 as the Obama administration eased relations with Cuba .
Clearing up cannabis confusion in California : What you need to know
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT WITHRECREATIONAL MARIJUANA IN THEMIX , THEY SAY THERE ARE BIGGERISSUES.THE NEW LAW SEEMS SIMPLE BUTTHERE ARE SOME GRAY AREAS FORTHE POLICE. > > FOR BUSINESSOWNERSTRANSPORTING 10 POUNDS , HOW WILLLAW ENFORCEMENT KNOW AND BE ABLETO VERIFY QUICKLY ? HOW WILL PRODUCTS BE TESTED ? KATHY : THOSE QUESTIONS AND MANYMORE ARE UNDER REVIEW.AMONG INSIDERS LIKE THECALIFORNIA GROWERS ASSOCIATION , AND LAW ENFORCEMENT.WE ARE FULLY ENGAGEDIN THATPROCESS AT A LEGISLATIVE LEVELAS WELL AS AT TRAINING.WE FEEL WE WILL BE VERY PREPAREDTO DEAL WITH THE NUANCES OF THISNEW LAW.KATHY : LAST WEEK , TWOSTATELEGISLATORS INTRODUCED A BILL TOCLOSE EXISTING LOOPHOLES. > > RIGHT NOW , IT IS ILLEGAL TODRIVE WHILE IMPAIRED , BUT IT ISNOT ILLEGAL TO HAVE A LICH JOINTOR FOR SOMEONE IN THE CAR TOHAVE WHAT IS IN ESSENCE AN OPENCONTAINER.KATHY : IT REMAINS A TOP PRIORITYAT ALL LEVELS.WHETHER IT IS MARIJUANA , APRESCRIPTION DRUG OR OUT ALL , THESE ARE ALL THINGS WE AREFAMILIAR WITH.IF ANY OF THOSE HIM.YOU 'RE DRIVING , YOU ARE SUBJECTTO THE DUI RULES IN CALIFORNIA.KATHY : MEANWHILE , CLEARING UPTHE CANNABIS ISSUES WILL TAKETIME. > > IT TOOKUNTIL 2015 TO GETREGULATION PASSED THROUGH THELEGISLATURE FOR THAT .
Advertisement Clearing up cannabis confusion in California : What you need to know Frequently asked questions about Proposition 64 answered Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Recreational marijuana is now legal in California , after voters said `` Yes '' to Proposition 64 in November . Here are some frequently asked questions to clear up the cannabis confusion : Q : How much pot am I legally allowed to possess on my person ? A : 28.5 grams or about 1 ounce Q : How old do I have to be to smoke recreational pot ? A : At least 21 years old . Q : What other states have legalized recreational marijuana ? A : Alaska , Colorado , Oregon , Washington Q : Am I allowed to grow my own marijuana ? A : Yes . You are allowed to grow up to 6 plants for personal use . Q : Are there shops in the state now where I can buy recreational marijuana ? A : Not yet . You still need to have a medical marijuana card to make purchases at dispensaries . The state is figuring out the rules and regulations to sell recreational use marijuana , which will likely take most of 2017 . Q : Can I smoke weed in public ? A : No , you can only smoke in a private space . Q : Am I allowed to smoke weed and drive ? A : `` Whether it 's marijuana , a prescription drug and unknown substance or alcohol , if any of those impair your driving , you 're subject to DUI laws in California , '' California Highway Patrol Capt . Josh Ehlers said .
The short answer : potentially yes , but options are limited . Our law expert breaks down the best avenues for approaching this tricky scenario .
Disclaimer : This column is written for educational purposes only . It does not provide specific legal advice and does not create an attorney-client relationship . This column should not be used as a substitute for competent legal advice from a licensed attorney in your state .
It 's no secret that cannabis businesses have struggled for years to gain access to banking and other financial services . What 's not often talked about is the fact that the banking crisis facing the industry also affects nearly a quarter of a million people who are employed in the cannabis industry . This week we 're taking a look at whether cannabis workers can use their income to qualify for loans and mortgages .
Over the last several years , cannabis workers have been sharing frustrating stories of instant loan denials . A compliance officer at a Colorado dispensary recently told The Coloradoan that they were denied a car loan because they earn income from a business that 's illegal at the federal level . They faced the bleak choice of either lying about their employment and submitting a fraudulent loan application , or trying their luck by disclosing the truth about their income .
So , can cannabis income be used to qualify for a loan or mortgage ? The short answer : potentially yes , but options are limited . Any time someone is applying for financing for a car , home , or personal loan , they 're required to disclose their income and provide documentation such as pay stubs and tax returns . Income is taken into account to determine the potential borrower 's debt-to-income ratio , which indicates their ability to repay the loan . In the absence of a disqualifying level of debt , a borrower with an appropriate amount of verified income from a legal source can qualify for many loan products . The tricky part comes down to what a lender considers to be `` legal '' income that can be counted for the purposes of qualifying .
If you choose to work with a large bank to get a loan , you 'll quickly run into roadblocks . All banks are subject to federal law , whether they 're a national bank or state-chartered . Large banks like Bank of America or Wells Fargo are also regulated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , which insures deposits of up to $ 250,000 against bank failure . Financial institutions that are FDIC-insured must adhere to federal law , which recognizes cannabis as an illegal Schedule I drug . As a result , just as FDIC-insured financial institutions wo n't bank cannabis money , they also will not lend to consumers based on income derived from an illegal source . If a bank violates federal law , it could lose its charter — a risk most banks are not willing to take .
On the other hand , some credit unions have no problem lending to workers with cannabis-derived income . While they generally will not make commercial loans to cannabis businesses , they 'll lend to qualified borrowers with stable W-2 income from a cannabis business . A credit union 's likelihood of lending to cannabis employees varies depending on their risk tolerance .
Image via iStock Photo
Mortgage Lenders
Many mortgage loan originators will underwrite a new loan and immediately sell it to an investor , freeing up the capital to originate another loan for the next consumer . If the originating lender is not able to sell the loan to an investor , the capital will be tied up in the loan and that lender assumes the risk associated with that loan . As a result , many lenders will underwrite loans only if they know they can sell them . Lenders who want to sell their loans to investors such as the FHA , VA , Fannie Mae , or Freddie Mac must follow the guidelines set forth by these investors . As government entities , FHA and VA absolutely will not consider cannabis income due to federal illegality . Generally , neither Fannie nor Freddie will allow cannabis income to be used for qualification , with a few exceptions . Lenders who sell to any of these investors will follow guidelines and deny loans to cannabis workers .
Other lenders , called `` Portfolio lenders , '' keep a certain number of loans in their portfolio instead of selling to investors . In doing so , they assume the risks associated with these loans . Lenders who retain some or all loans rather than selling them to investors will have more discretion to consider cannabis income to qualify borrowers . Most Portfolio lenders offer an adjustable interest rate , which is not ideal , but can be a better option than no loan at all . Additionally , without good credit a borrower may be required to commit to a down payment of greater than 10 % of the purchase price of the property .
For lenders that will consider cannabis-derived income , there are some common guidelines . W-2 employees may use cannabis income to qualify for a loan or mortgage . Owners of cannabis companies will have a harder time because the business itself poses a greater risk to the lender than income earned as an employee . There are financing options for those who own less than 25 % of the company , but they may be even more limited than if the person was merely collecting a salary from the company . Self-employed business owners will have to show 24 months of self-employment income with the same business in order to qualify .
When looking at particular mortgage loan products , keep in mind that cannabis income can not be used to qualify for federally-backed loans such as FHA or VA. Generally , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac also disallow the use of cannabis income to qualify . However , one exception is Fannie Mae 's 3 % down payment assistance program , which allows W-2 tax income but not independent contractor 1099 income . Those who own less than 25 % of a cannabis business are also considered independent contractors and may qualify .
Additional restrictions accompany some of the limited options available to cannabis workers . For example , if you 're able to qualify using one of the few programs available , you may be required to place a larger down payment or commit to a higher interest rate due to the risk involved . If you 're a cannabis worker considering taking out a loan or mortgage , it may benefit you to speak with a loan officer licensed in your state who can provide specific guidance and options for you .
For more on Cannabiz Confidante , visit their website here and follow them on Twitter
The conservative Asian country saw the debut of `` High Heel , '' a star-studded action film tackling transgender issues , amid the opening of the annual Korea Queer Festival , which Google and the U.S. embassy supported .
SEOUL — Over what was a long holiday weekend here , the South Korean LGBT community , often stigmatized , found itself at the center of attention of the country 's mainstream media , creating buzz across the evening news and nationwide cinemas .
High Heel , a star-studded action film tackling transgender issues , took the sixth place ( $ 1.82 million ) in the Korean weekend box office — in spite of competition from Edge of Tomorrow , X-Men : Days of Future Past and Maleficent ( which ranked first , third and fourth , respectively ) .
Plus , the country 's major media covered the Korea Queer Festival 's biggest , and most controversial , edition yet . The event took place with support from Google and the U.S. embassy .
In High Heel , popular actor Cha Seung-won made headlines for playing the role of a tough detective who conceals their womanliness behind their macho facade , before finally deciding to leave their job and undergo transsexual surgery . `` At first I was skeptical about the public reception for the film , but I had faith that the director would portray my character with integrity , '' said Cha about director Jang Jin .
Jang explained that they were inspired by their actual sexual minority friends for the film they penned and directed . `` I 've always been interested in subject matters and themes that lie outside of conventional norms and values , more so than wanting to explicitly make a transgender film . I hope I did justice [ to the LGBT community ] , '' they said .
Though best known for comedies such as Guns and Talks and Good Morning President , they have been noted for pioneering a new genre of `` emotional noir '' films via High Heel .
The film 's opening could not have been timely enough as the 15th Korea Queer Festival opened on Saturday amid much public attention .
The Seodaemun-gu district government withdrew its approval for the festival 's opening , but the event nevertheless took place to draw a record 15,000 people . The U.S. , French and German embassies in Korea as well as Google also officially supported the festival for the first time .
However , adding to the mass of festival-goers were large-scale demonstrations by conservative Christian groups and an army of police officers stationed to prevent possible casualties . The festival 's signature pride parade was held three hours longer than planned as protestors blocked the procession .
`` There were many difficulties opening this year 's festival , amid how the Seodaemun-gu government canceled its initial approval and anti-LGBT protests . However , we were able to safely wrap up the festival thanks to support from local vendors and residents . There will continue be challenges ahead , but we will always try our best to pass on the message of hope and support for Korea 's sexual minorities , '' said the festival 's head Kang Myeong-jin .
Korea has held a rather contradictory position when it comes to officially and publicly recognizing the LGBT community .
Seoul has been home to rather sizeable and colorful LGBT districts , including the far-from-subtly named `` Home Hill '' in Itaewon , but it was n't until 2000 that it saw a local celebrity to come out of the closet for the first time . Actor Hong Suk-chun had been virtually banned from the industry . Today , however , they thrive as one of the country 's most successful restaurateurs while being a fixture on primetime entertainment and comedy programs as an LGBT rights spokesperson .
Nevertheless , there have been limitations in the portrayal of sexual minorities in mainstream media . Kim Jho Gwang-soo , one of Korea 's most outspoken gay filmmakers , found themselves at odds with the Korea Media Rating Board over their gay romance film last year . Eventually the Korean Supreme Court sided with the director to overturn the board 's `` teenagers restricted '' rating for featuring a heavy kissing scene between two men .
Kim Jho also held the country 's first public gay wedding ceremony last year , and filed an administrative litigation and constitutional appeal as Korea has yet to legalize same-sex marriages .
Meanwhile , the 14th Korea Queer Film Festival is due to take place June 12-15 under the theme `` Love Conquers Hate , '' with support from the French Culture Center in Korea .
Take out your phone and click on the link below . Just do it .
Updated , 12:10pm .
This is one of the coolest things I 've ever seen . Not the photo above , but what lies through that link .
Pause : As per the instructions of Joel Housman who first recommended this , you need to be on an iPhone or iPad , or maybe a tablet browser , for it to have its full effect . On an iPad or iPhone , you should open it in Safari , not a Twitter client 's browser . But then just click the link .
This is a 360 degree view of the planet Mars .
If you move the phone in any direction , it acts as a window , and the view moves with it . If you look down , you see the rocks and gravel of Mars . If you point the phone up , you see the small sun and the planet 's sour sky . If you look to the horizon and tilt your phone , you see the rocks and dirt close to you move faster than the furthest points ; it feels like you 're standing there . Just try it , even if you have to borrow someone 's phone .
Show it to your parents . Show it to your kids . If you 're a teacher , start the first day of school by passing around your iPhone and saying , `` This is why you 're learning math . ''
Here is what this visualization has shocked me into : Mars , through this app , is n't a series of inquiries or a collection of images . It 's a planet . It has a horizon , and there are a thounsand thousand views of that horizon . It has rocks , and there are a thousand thousand of those . It looks upon a sun , in a sky , which , from any vantage point , might look any of a thousand thousand ways .
Mars is a planet , full of places .
This view demands wonder . For this view , of another planet 's horizon , of another planet that 's just a single clump of matter out from ours , in just one galaxy that happens to be ours in the universe . There are countless horizons like this , horizons beyond our reckoning .
UPDATE : To maximize enjoyment , some of Curiosity 's images were altered or augmented . Carl Franzen , at Talking Points Memo , explains the process .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
If you 're nostalgic and miss your Commodore C64 , FocusWill Coolship could be right for you . It 's a keyboard desktop computer running Android 4.0 ICS ( or a customized of Android version called CoolShip OS ) powered by Rockchip RK3066 SoC with 1GB RAM , 4 to 8 NAND Flash , VGA and HDMI outputs and more .
Here are the specifications of this device :
SoC – Rockchip RK3066 Dual Cortex A9 @ 1.5Ghz + Mali-400MP4 GPU
System Memory – 1GB DDR3 RAM
Storage – 4 to 8 GB NAND Flash + SD Card slot
Connectivity : 10/100Mbps Ethernet ( via USB to Ethernet chip ) 802.11b/g/n
Keyboard – 104 Standard QWERTY keyboards with number keys + Touchpad
Video Outputs – VGA + HDMI with dual display support .
Video Codecs – MPEG-1/2/4 , H.264 , H.263 , RMVB , WMV , VC-1 , AVS , MVC , RV8/RV9/RV10 , VP6/VP8
Audio I/O – Stereo Speakers ( 2×1Ω ; 0.7W ) , 1x MIC and 1x Earphone jack
USB – 2x USB2.0
Power Supply – Input : AC 100~240V/50~60Hz , Output : DC 5V 2A
Battery – Build in 300mAh Li-battery to protect the android OS in case of power failure or outage
Dimensions – 395 x 215 x 34 mm
Weight – 1.2kg
The CoolShip comes with a power adapter and a user manual . The device can run a stock version of Android 4.0 , or CoolShip OS which is a customized Android version , specifically developed for the CoolShip computer , that allows users having an user experience close to that of Windows OS ( But no screenshots are available .. ) .
Since it 's based on Rockchip RK3066 , and the developer community managed to release PicUntu , an Ubuntu based distribution for RK3066 mini PC , it 's likely you may also eventually be able to run PicUntu on the CoolShip .
FocusWill also promotes the device as a “ green ” computer , because it can be upgraded easily by simply replacing the CPU module inside the keyboard .
You can watch the presentation video below for details .
The company claims to have already done a first successful production run , so the device development should already be complete , but they need some help to get a larger production run in order to decrease the cost of the device , which is why they launched an Indiegogo campaign , and aim to raise $ 10,000 US in total .
The cheapest pledge is the Starter Package ( $ 89 ) that includes a CoolShip computer with 4GB Flash running Android 4.0 and international shipping , and goes up to $ 139 with 8GB Flash , and an extra 32 GB SD Card loaded with CoolShip OS tryout and a USB mouse . All pledges will be shipped in April 2013 .
Beside the Indiegogo campaign , you can also find more information on FocusWill CoolShip page .
Thanks to Onebir for the tip !
Updated Google is moving the default software for its rentable cloud servers from a custom version of Linux to Debian .
The decision to make Debian the default image type for Google Compute Engine was announced by the company on Thursday . As a consequence , Google 's stripped down Linux OS GCEL ( Google Compute Engine Linux ) is being deprecated in favor of Debian 6.0 and 7.0
`` We are continually evaluating other operating systems that we can enable with Compute Engine , '' Jimmy Kaplowitz , a Google site reliability engineer , wrote . `` However , going forward , Debian will be the default image type for Compute Engine . ''
Google now recommends that all developers use Debian images rather than GCEL , which is `` a Linux distribution using Debian packages found in typical minimal Ubuntu distributions , '' according to a Google FAQ .
By comparison , the Debian 6.0 `` squeeze '' and 7.0 `` wheezy '' distributions set as default for Google 's cloud services have few differences , aside from having module loading and direct memory access disabled for security purposes .
`` Google is interested in working with Debian to make the images even more standard and achieve official Debian image status , '' the Debian wiki says . `` In the meantime , Debian has indicated that it 's okay with these images being labeled as Debian instead of Debian-based . ''
Debian is a famously stable Linux distribution . Version 7 was released earlier this week after over two years of development . `` If you 're looking for a stable , rock solid Linux distro the new Debian will not disappoint , '' wrote our own penguin fiddler in a review of the distro .
Google 's cloud also supports CentOS 6.2 . At the time of writing , Google had not returned a request for information on the reasoning behind the move . ®
Update :
`` We feel that customers will get a great experience having a Linux distribution that is maintained by the Debian community . Debian and derivatives thereof ( such as Mint and Ubuntu ) are among the most popular on the Internet , and Google itself is a heavy contributor to the Debian code base . We will also continue to offer CentOS , and are actively exploring other operating system options based on feedback from our customers , '' a Google spokesperson told us when we asked about the reason for the change .
KEY POINTS :
Mechanotransduction in endothelial cells is a central mechanism in the regulation of vascular tone and vascular remodelling Mechanotransduction and vascular function may be affected by high sugar levels in plasma because of a resulting increase in oxidative stress and increased levels of advanced glycation end-products ( AGE ) . In healthy young subjects , 2 weeks of daily supplementation with 3 × 75 g of sucrose was found to reduce blood flow in response to passive lower leg movement and in response to 12 W of knee extensor exercise . This vascular impairment was paralleled by up-regulation of platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule ( PECAM ) -1 , endothelial nitric oxide synthase , NADPH oxidase and Rho family GTPase Rac1 protein expression , an increased basal phosphorylation status of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 and a reduced phosphorylation status of PECAM-1 . There were no measurable changes in AGE levels . The findings of the present study demonstrate that daily high sucrose intake markedly affects mechanotransduction proteins and has a detrimental effect on vascular function .
ABSTRACT :
Endothelial mechanotransduction is important for vascular function but alterations and activation of vascular mechanosensory proteins have not been investigated in humans . In endothelial cell culture , simple sugars effectively impair mechanosensor proteins . To study mechanosensor- and vascular function in humans , 12 young healthy male subjects supplemented their diet with 3 × 75 g sucrose day-1 for 14 days in a randomized cross-over design . Before and after the intervention period , the hyperaemic response to passive lower leg movement and active knee extensor exercise was determined by ultrasound doppler . A muscle biopsy was obtained from the thigh muscle before and after acute passive leg movement to allow assessment of protein amounts and the phosphorylation status of mechanosensory proteins and NADPH oxidase . The sucrose intervention led to a reduced flow response to passive movement ( by 17 ± 2 % ) and to 12 W of active exercise ( by 9 ± 1 % ) , indicating impaired vascular function . A reduced flow response to passive and active exercise was paralleled by a significant up-regulation of platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule ( PECAM-1 ) , endothelial nitric oxide synthase , NADPH oxidase and the Rho family GTPase Rac1 protein expression in the muscle tissue , as well as an increased basal phosphorylation status of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 and a reduced phosphorylation status of PECAM-1 . The phosphorylation status was not acutely altered with passive leg movement . These findings indicate that a regular intake of high levels of sucrose can impair vascular mechanotransduction and increase the oxidative stress potential , and suggest that dietary excessive sugar intake may contribute to the development of vascular disease .
© 2017 The Authors . The Journal of Physiology © 2017 The Physiological Society .
The Canadian government intends to use hate crime laws against groups that support boycotting Israel , according to recent news reports . Prime Minister Stephen Harper has it exactly wrong : Canada should learn from boycott advocates , not prosecute them . This new policy , which has been widely derided as a grave violation of free speech , was revealed from an email exchange between a CBC reporter and a spokesperson for Canada 's Public Safety Department . The reporter asked what the federal government 's zero-tolerance policy for the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement against Israeli companies means in practice . The spokesperson replied by citing Canadian hate crime laws and stating , “ We will not allow hate crimes to undermine our way of life , which is based on diversity and inclusion. ” The government has since responded by calling the CBC report that made the allegation a “ bizarre conspiracy theory. ” The email exchange , published in full by the Intercept , proves the CBC 's reporting was accurate . The Canadian government 's actions over the last few years make CBC 's claim seem accurate as well , as the state has shown its willingness to trample over its own purported values in order to maintain an allegiance with Israel .
Expanded laws
In 2014 the Canadian government expanded hate speech laws to include “ national origin ” as opposed to just race and religion . Some believe this is an effort to make anti-Zionist BDS activists vulnerable to hate speech charges for standing against Israel , as pro-Israeli groups in Belgium and other states have been actively supporting an expanded conception for this purpose . More than 20 BDS activists in France have been convicted under a similar law . The government has since doubled down on opposition to BDS . In January , Canada signed a new Memorandum of Understanding with Israel . The Canadian foreign affairs minister , John Baird , announced , “ Canada strongly supports Israel 's right to defend itself by itself and its right to live in peace with its neighbours . Canada will fight any efforts internationally to delegitimize the State of Israel , including the disturbing BDS Movement. ” Public safety minister Steven Blaney proudly shared Canada 's allegiance to Israel at the expense of Canadians ' free-speech rights during an address to the United Nations ( UN ) General Assembly shortly after . Blaney announced Canada 's “ zero-tolerance approach to anti-Semitism and all forms of discrimination including rhetoric towards Israel and attempts to delegitimize Israel such as the BDS movement , ” conflating the explicitly peaceful form of economic resistance with a violent attack on a kosher supermarket in Paris earlier this year .
If freedom of expression were truly a Canadian value , the Harper administration would not be seeking to systemically dismantle the BDS movement .
Justin Trudeau , the leader of Canada 's unofficial opposition Liberal Party , has also come out against BDS . Trudeau said , in a tweet shared prior to a democratic BDS vote at McGill University , that , “ The BDS movement , like Israeli Apartheid Week , has no place on Canadian campuses. ” The government opposes BDS because it allegedly undermines “ Israel 's right to exist as a Jewish state , ” according to Harper , who believes this right is “ absolute and non-negotiable. ” Regardless of the reasoning , the crackdown on BDS makes it clear that Harper 's forceful calls for freedom of speech and expressionsince the Jan. 7 attack at the Paris offices of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo are hypocritical . If freedom of expression was truly a Canadian value , as Harper claims , their administration would not be seeking to systemically dismantle the BDS movement .
Charity-busting
( CNN ) US Vice President Mike Pence doubled down on the US commitment to Asia Pacific with a stern warning for North Korea , which they called the `` most dangerous and urgent threat '' to the region .
Speaking aboard the USS Ronald Reagan at the Yokosuka Naval Base in Japan Wednesday , Pence reiterated the US and its allies were prepared to respond to potential North Korean attack with `` overwhelming '' force .
`` We will defeat any attack and meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective American response , '' the Vice President said , to applause from the hundreds of US and Japanese troops gathered on the deck .
`` All options are on the table . History will attest the soldier does not bear the sword in vain , '' they said .
US Vice President Mike Pence speaks to US and Japanese soldiers onboard USS Ronald Reagan at the US Naval base in Yokosuka , April 19 .
Pence has used the first stops on their 10-day visit to Asia Pacific to stress the Trump administration 's strong commitment to US allies in the face of hostile rhetoric from Pyongyang .
On Sunday , as part of celebrations to mark the birthday of late North Korean founder Kim Il Sung , state television aired a concert which included a video showing the US engulfed in flames .
The audience can be seen applauding as a band plays against the backdrop of a big screen showing tanks and missiles being fired .
The previous day , Pyongyang paraded its military hardware , including what could have been two intercontinental ballistic missile canisters .
JUST WATCHED North Korea performance shows US in flames Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH North Korea performance shows US in flames 00:44
Tension has been building on the peninsula in recent days , amid warnings that the country 's nuclear site is `` primed and ready '' for another test . Many analysts expected that to occur during Kim Il Sung celebrations .
North Korea did test a missile on Sunday , but by US and South Korean accounts it failed `` within seconds . ''
Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade North Korean leader Kim Jong-un waves during a military parade on Saturday , April 15 , 2017 , in Pyongyang to celebrate the 105th anniversary of Kim Il Sung 's birth , the country 's late founder and grandfather of current ruler Kim Jong-un . Hide Caption 1 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Soldiers in tanks take part in the military parade . Hide Caption 2 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade North Korean soldiers carry flags and a photo of late leader Kim Il Sung as they march across Kim Il Sung Square . Hide Caption 3 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Female North Korean soldiers march during the parade . Hide Caption 4 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Missiles are paraded across Kim Il Sung Square . Hide Caption 5 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade A rocket-themed float makes its way through Kim Il-Sung square . Hide Caption 6 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Soldiers salute while the national anthem is played during the parade . Hide Caption 7 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Women wearing traditional Korean dress wave flowers and shout slogans as they pass North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-Un . Hide Caption 8 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade A submarine-launched ballistic missile is displayed during the parade . Hide Caption 9 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade A soldier stands guard at the Kim Il Sung Square . Hide Caption 10 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Korean citizens spell out `` Day of the Sun '' in Kim Il Sung Square . Hide Caption 11 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade University students carry the national flag and two bronze statues of the late leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il . Hide Caption 12 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Helmeted servicemen march during the parade . Hide Caption 13 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Korean People 's Army soldiers march on Kim Il-Sung square . Hide Caption 14 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade North Korean men and women dressed to represent doctors and other medical workers during the parade . Hide Caption 15 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade Members of the Korean People 's Army ride on mobile missile launchers . Hide Caption 16 of 17 Photos : North Korea Day of the Sun parade North Korean men beat drums as they parade across the square . Hide Caption 17 of 17
The US played its own part in the tensions with surprise bombing action in Syria and Afghanistan , which Pence held up Wednesday as proof of US resolve .
`` The enemies of our freedom and this alliance would do well not to test the resolve of this president or the capabilities of the armed forces of the United States of America and our allies , '' Pence said .
The trip so far has been something of a `` reassurance shuffle '' -- going from ally to let them know America has their backs -- according to John Delury , a professor at the Yonsei University Graduate School of International Studies in Seoul .
New path ?
The Trump team has signaled it intends to chart a new path when it comes to dealing with North Korea , though analysts say there are n't too many new options to try .
The Bush administration tried to get them to the negotiating table during the Six Party talks , and the punishing sanctions levied under the Obama administration have n't deterred Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions .
`` Short of launching a shock and awe campaign which would be overwhelming in its breadth and scale there 's not a lot else the US and its allies can do other than tighten the constrictor grip on the North , '' said Alex Neill , a senior fellow at the Shangri-La Dialogue .
One of the most common refrains from Trump , Pence and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has been `` the era of strategic patience is over , '' referring to what was essentially a wait-and-see tactic to dealing with Pyongyang but is notoriously vague , says Neill .
Pence repeated the phrase in South Korea , the first stop on their tour , and again during their speech aboard the Ronald Reagan .
JUST WATCHED Pence : North Korea is the most ominous threat Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Pence : North Korea is the most ominous threat 02:29
They told CNN 's Dana Bash on Tuesday they believe North Korea is getting the message .
`` My hope is that they 'll continue to get the message not just from the United States , here in Japan , and in South Korea , but on an increasing basis from China and countries all over the world committing to a denuclearized Korean Peninsula , '' they said .
Recent developments , however , have may have confused that message .
Last week , President Trump said they were sending an `` armada '' to the Korean Peninsula as a show of force .
It later emerged that the Navy strike group , led by the USS Carl Vinson , which was thought to be on its way was actually headed in the opposite direction . A senior official at the White House blamed the error on miscommunication .
But the revelation could be damaging to the US position in Asia , experts say , as it feeds the idea that President Trump can not always be taken at their word .
`` America has played a certain role in Asia since 1945 ... that role has in the end of the day been a stabilizer , '' Delury said . `` That 's what being undermined here with a president who thrives on unpredictability ... it 's going to eat away at the fundamental credibility of the US role in Asia . ''
Faded lettering on door says 'State Returning Board ' but what 's behind it remains a mystery
PROVIDENCE , R.I. — At first , an original concrete wall was all that contractors could see as they ripped away 1970s era paneling , piece by piece , in a basement office at the State House .
But then the demolition crew exposed some heavy black steel . It was a door .
A vault door .
And so late on Thursday , the supervisor had some news for Frank A. Montanaro , the General Assembly 's legislative services director who has been marshaling renovation work in the building 's basement .
“ It 's another artifact , ” says Montanaro , who relishes such discoveries .
The faded lettering on the door of the vault , says “ State Returning Board . ”
The board was established in 1901 “ to collect , count and tabulate votes , ” according to a post on the website of Secretary of State Nellie Gorbea . It was also responsible “ for keeping records of vote outcomes . ”
Montanaro 's best guess is that the old vault — if it is a vault — might contain some old records stashed away by the Returning Board or its descendants , including the Board of Vote Tabulation , which took over the Returning Board 's duties on its establishment in 1935 .
Of course , the only way to know for sure is to open the door . That poses a challenge .
The door has a combination lock and Montinaro does n't know the magic numbers .
They say they are trying to spread word through both the active and retired ranks of state government .
Can someone who might have the combination get in touch with him ?
Another approach , they say , would involve lifting the heavy vault door off its massive hinges . This is a substantial undertaking that would require budgetary approval , so it 's not happening anytime soon if ever , Montanaro says .
For now , Montanaro is left to theorize as to what 's behind the steel door .
It might lead into a fortified room similar to the old armory on the first floor of the State House .
The former armory and its vault door are part of the office of Senate fiscal staff . That office is directly above the basement office that workers are renovating .
Montanaro considers that a clue . If there is a long-forgotten room in the State House basement , it 's likely that the room would be on the other side of the wall in the office of the House policy director , Lynne Urbani .
Montanaro likes to find history in the State House , which was built in 1904 .
Not too long ago they were involved with the discovery and preservation of an old wheel from the World War II era that helped drive a ventilation system .
“ You never know what 's going to be behind these walls , ” they said .
• Master tactician to discuss a new contract in the summer • City believe Guardiola can stay for at least 10 years
Pep Guardiola will discuss a new contract with Manchester City in the summer , with the club believing they possess the same qualities that led to Sir Alex Ferguson creating a long-term dynasty at Manchester United .
Leroy Sané takes the breath away in Manchester City 's latest rampage | Barney Ronay Read more
There is an acknowledgement at City that the modern era means elite coaches have a natural cycle of three seasons at the helm yet those in charge at the Premier League 's runaway leaders , who secured their 16th successive top-flight win with the 4-1 victory against Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday , believe the former Barcelona and Bayern Munich manager can be persuaded to remain in situ for much longer .
While City do not expect the Spaniard 's reign to match Ferguson 's tenure of 26 and a half years at Old Trafford , it is understood that the chairperson , Khaldoon al‑Mubarak , alongside the sporting director , Txiki Begiristain , and the chief executive , Ferran Soriano , believe the 46-year-old could establish their own era of domination and success at the Etihad Stadium , and remain in place for a decade at least . Their three-year deal ends in the summer of 2019 and they have previously indicated that will be the maximum length of their stay at City .
The news came after it was confirmed that Raheem Sterling was racially abused and attacked by a stranger as they arrived at City 's training base on Saturday , before the Spurs match . A source close to Sterling told the Guardian that , as was reported by the Daily Telegraph , the 23-year-old was kicked and called an offensive word by a man who was waiting for them by the players ' entrance .
Sterling was not injured and the club will speak to the player on Monday to ascertain if they wish to press charges , although it is believed there is CCTV footage to back up a complaint . On a happier note , Sterling scored twice in City 's latest triumph and one that has further invigorated Guardiola . A 16th successive victory remains short of their best winning run in league football as a manager – 19 consecutive wins with Bayern between October 2013 and March 2014 – but it may be significant enough to help secure City a third Premier League title .
They are 11 points clear of their neighbours after second-placed Manchester United registered a 2-1 triumph at West Bromwich Albion on Sunday .
In Guardiola 's debut season in charge last term , City finished third , 15 points behind the champions , Chelsea . That disappointment forced a serious rethink , making them open to advice regarding how to make the team more successful this campaign . They were given unswerving support by the club 's board and is known to be impressed by the structure of the club . The City Football Academy , which represents a £200m investment by the owner , Sheikh Mansour , was built to develop home-grown players . This is a key element of Guardiola 's philosophy because they are intent on harnessing in-house talent , and they attend as many youth-age games as possible .
Against Spurs , Guardiola gave Phil Foden their league debut , the 17-year-old forward coming on as an 83rd-minute replacement for Gündogan . Foden , who has been at City since they were 10 and was a standout performer for England 's Under‑17s during their World Cup triumph this year , has also made their Champions League debut for the Spaniard this season .
“ There have been ups and downs , of course , at Bournemouth we won in the last minute , Southampton we won in the last minute , ” Guardiola said as they reflected on City 's blistering start . “ Last season was last season . This season is completely different . Tottenham Hotspur last season , I think compared to Chelsea , played the best football in the Premier League . I 'm quite happy because I think this season started going well in our game in LA against Tottenham in pre-season .
The Dozen : the weekend 's best Premier League photos Read more
“ Our first game in pre-season was against United and we lost [ 2-0 ] . The second one was against Tottenham and there we created eight , nine or 10 chances to score loads of goals and we missed a lot . But there we saw all together – the players as well , not just me – that is the way we have to do that . Since then , we 've maintained that level . ”
Guardiola replaced Sergio Agüero with Jesus after 58 minutes on Saturday , which led to the Argentina striker dropping their gloves to the turf in a clear show of disappointment . Commenting on the substitution , Guardiola said : “ A manager takes a decision and we win , always you are right . When you do n't win , you make a mistake . Simple as that .
“ Always when I take a decision , I think many things . It 's never personal because I trust the guys a lot , that 's why I do n't want to offend some players . I understand , I was a football player , I know they want to play .
“ It always breaks my heart when Danilo can not play , when Bernardo [ Silva ] can not play , when Yaya [ Touré ] can not play , when the other players can not play . That always broke my heart because they deserve it but it is what it is . ”
Oct 17 , 2012
Scientists have found a small but significant deceleration in the Pioneer spacecraft as it makes its way through interstellar space .
For several years , NASA analysts have reported a slow but steady “ tug ” on the Pioneer 10 and 11 spacecraft as they head outward in opposite directions from the Sun . Based on the gravity-only model of the universe under which observational research is constrained , the research team has no explanation for what has been termed the “ Pioneer Anomaly ” .
Pioneer 10 was launched from Cape Canaveral on March 2 , 1972 on a primary flyby mission to Jupiter . It was the first spacecraft to reach Jupiter and return close up images of the giant planet . Its last signal was received on January 23 , 2003 when it was almost 8 billion miles from Earth . Until the faster moving Voyager 1 space probe overtook it , Pioneer 10 was the most remote human-made object in space .
Pioneer 11 was launched April 5 , 1973 , on a similar mission , except that it was sent in the opposite direction to the Sun 's motion through the galaxy . Unlike Pioneer 10 , which moved into a trajectory taking it upward and out of the plane of the ecliptic , Pioneer 11 headed for Saturn and the more remote regions of the solar system , passing within 21,000 kilometers of Saturn 's cloud tops . On November 30 , 1995 , Pioneer 11 reached the end of its power supply and was silenced forever .
The effect that concerns NASA scientists is the distance calculations for both probes . Each appears to be off course by several hundred thousand kilometers and no one can quite figure out why . Suggestions for the cause of the deceleration range from the comical to the contrived :
Dark matter is acting like a friction medium , creating drag .
Multi-dimensional space is acting on the probes in ways that are not understood .
Gravity is not behaving as theory suggests it should behave .
Dark energy is being observed in its anti-gravitational activity .
“ Quantum kinetics ” theorizes that sub-atomic forces are acting on the probes in unexpected and undetectable ways .
In a previous Picture of the Day article about WMAP and the cosmic microwave background , the “ hole in space ” astronomers have detected was shown to be nothing more than an illusion resulting from theories that advocate a big bang cosmology . In the case of the Pioneer anomaly , a similar intellectual blindness is overwhelming the ability for conventional observers to see what is actually happening . As the litany of “ possibilities ” grows more esoteric , they move ever more distant from the truth of the matter : electric currents in space .
Doppler shift methodology is used in the Pioneer 10 observations . Every so often , microwave signals are beamed at the spacecraft in order to time the return signal . The distance the probe has traveled can be determined through time-speed-distance calculations . The discrepancy amounts to a tiny but measurable amount .
According to our current understanding of gravity , over the last 34 years both Pioneer 10 and 11 should have traveled more that 400,000 kilometers farther than they have actually flown . As NASA investigator Slava Turyshev states :
“ This inability to explain the anomalous acceleration of the Pioneer spacecraft with conventional physics has contributed to the growing discussion about its origin . ”
However , as long ago as March 20 , 2002 , electrical theorist , author and speaker Wal Thornhill wrote :
“ After launch , a spacecraft accepts electrons from the surrounding space plasma until the craft 's voltage is sufficient to repel further electrons . Near Earth it is known that a spacecraft may attain a negative potential of several tens of thousands of volts relative to its surroundings . So , in interplanetary space , the spacecraft becomes a charged object moving in the Sun 's weak electric field . Being negatively charged , it will experience an infinitesimal “ tug ” toward the positively charged Sun . Of most significance is the fact that the voltage gradient , that is the electric field , throughout interplanetary space remains constant . In other words , the retarding force on the spacecraft will not diminish with distance from the Sun . This effect distinguishes the electrical model from all others because all known force laws diminish with distance . The effect is real and it will have a fundamental impact on cosmology and spacecraft navigation because…Pioneer 10 has confirmed the electrical model of Stars ! ”
Stephen Smith
When Maryland business owner Thomas Kunkel first learned about the Affordable Care Act , they were excited about the prospect of the new health care law .
“ From the small business standpoint , it was actually one of the first times I felt like a bit of a social program might actually benefit a small business , ” they told The Daily Signal . “ Usually it 's the opposite . ”
Kunkel owns Full House Marketing and Print in Edgewood , Maryland , and employs 21 full-time workers and up to 10 part-time employees . While they do n't provide them with health insurance , Kunkel cuts their workers a monthly check through a Health Reimbursement Agreement .
Obamacare , they said , would allow a lot of their employees with pre-existing conditions to get insurance , especially those who had trouble purchasing coverage in the past .
“ That was the biggest positive I saw , ” they said .
But Kunkel , who previously worked in the health care industry , anticipated premiums and deductibles were going to rise as insurers worked to adjust to the changes to the health care market .
Under Kunkel 's agreement with workers , they pay a set dollar amount each month , and employees are free to purchase plans on the individual market , putting the money Kunkel provides them toward the cost of their premiums .
“ It was actually allowing me to offer a medical insurance benefit to my employees without having to go through all of the challenges of a group plan , ” they said of the Health Reimbursement Agreement .
But in September 2013 , the IRS and Treasury Department issued guidance prohibiting businesses from using Health Reimbursement Agreements , which help workers pay for health insurance plans purchased on the individual market and other medical expenses . Businesses that integrate Health Reimbursement Agreements with group plans can still offer the benefit .
The Treasury Department said Health Reimbursement Agreements failed to satisfy specific provisions of Obamacare , such as the prohibition on annual limits for health benefits and the requirement that plans must include preventive care .
And for Kunkel , that left them forced to do away with one benefit that helped them retain employees and gave them a competitive edge when hiring .
“ Before , I could at least say we do n't offer health care because there are a lot of options available on the individual market , but we do reimburse up to ‘ x ' number of dollars a month , ” they said . “ I could sell that as a better plan than a group plan . But of course now I do n't have that to offer . It makes it tougher to hire and retain and to be competitive . ”
‘ A Little Betrayed and a Little Misled '
Prior to the Obama administration 's announcement , many small business owners were under the impression the Affordable Care Act would have little to no impact on them , especially because the law 's employer mandate created requirements for businesses with more than 50 employees .
However , small businesses are now faced with having to do away with a vital tool used for their employees or face hefty fines .
Kevin Kuhlman , director of legislative affairs for the National Federation of Independent Businesses , called the Treasury Department 's rule for small businesses a “ solution in search of a problem . ”
“ They feel a little betrayed and a little misled , ” Kuhlman told The Daily Signal . “ It just has reduced flexibility for a lot of small businesses . These businesses with fewer than 50 employees were told 100 times , ‘ Oh , you have fewer than 50 employees , the law does n't apply to you , ' and then Treasury quietly put out regulations that say you can no longer do this flexible benefit that we 're offering instead . ”
“ You either have to offer expensive group coverage , which you ca n't afford , or you 're completely on your own , and you ca n't help your employees , ” they continued .
Any business that violates the rule is subject to fines of $ 100 per day per employee , totaling $ 36,500 in a year . Businesses face a maximum penalty of $ 500,000 per year .
In February 2015 , the Treasury Department delayed enforcement of the ban on Health Reimbursement Agreements until July 1 , 2015 . Despite the delay , Kunkel said many small businesses could be surprised with fines for not complying with the rule .
“ I think many are not even aware of it still and could be subject to penalties , ” Kuhlman said . “ This is the first tax season that both employers and employees are filing their taxes . Discrepancies could appear there , and that could invite unwanted audits , which have costs in and of themselves , and then the potential penalties . ”
In the wake of the Obama administration 's guidance banning the use of Health Reimbursement Agreements , a number of business groups have come out in opposition of the ban and are calling on Congress to reverse the rule .
In April , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and 60 groups representing small businesses across a variety of industries sent a letter to Republican and Democratic leaders on the House Ways and Means Committee urging them to roll back the IRS 's regulation by taking up bipartisan legislation addressing the guidance .
That legislation , called the Small Business Healthcare Relief Act , has more than 90 Republican and Democratic co-sponsors in both the House and Senate . It would allow small businesses to continue providing employees with a defined reimbursement for medical expenses and health coverage .
“ This arrangement has worked well for small businesses that ca n't afford group insurance or do n't have human resources departments to manage a health care plan , ” Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , a main sponsor of the legislation , wrote in an upcoming op-ed . “ … It all made sense . Then Obamacare pulled the plug on it . ”
Earlier this month , senators expressed concerns with the Obama administration 's decision to prohibit small businesses from helping employers through reimbursements .
During a Small Business Committee hearing , Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-N.H. , questioned Department of Health and Human Services Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation Richard Frank about the administration 's position on tools like Health Reimbursement Agreements and Health Savings Accounts .
“ As we look at the big picture , these are tools that we need to look at , ” Ayotte said . “ We ca n't have one side of the federal government doing this , and the other side of the federal government interfering with other really important tools that people use that are very helpful in covering their health care costs . ”
Similarly , Small Business Committee Chairman David Vitter , R-La. , reinforced concerns small businesses have with the fines that could be levied against them by the IRS for continuing to assist workers through Health Reimbursement Agreements .
“ This penalty is a big deal , and it 's a big part of the system , and it 's a big impact on health care , ” Vitter said . “ It 's there to penalize small businesses who want to do it one way versus the SHOP exchange . This is a big deal . ”
Frank said any issues with the administration 's rule regarding Health Reimbursement Accounts were under the purview of the Treasury Department and not the Department of Health and Human Services , but said that their agency is focused specifically on expanding access to care .
“ HRAs are not insurance . They are other health accounts , and they do n't meet the definition of insurance so one issue is that I think people conflate the two , ” they told lawmakers . “ There are provisions that if you have insurance and you want to use additional funds through an HRA , that 's permissible . What gets conflated in many corridors is where the line between HRAs and insurance are drawn . ”
Ed Haislmaier , senior fellow in health policy studies at The Heritage Foundation , stressed it 's not just the IRS 's rules surrounding Health Reimbursement Agreements that have hurt small businesses .
“ What Obamacare has done in terms of small business coverage is , first , various provisions have increased the cost of the coverage through other regulations , including this one , and second , it has limited the available options for small business in terms of plan design and also possibly in same places the number of available insurers , ” they told The Daily Signal .
Haislmaier also said that Obamacare is “ premised on providing traditional kinds of insurance with traditional financing arrangements , ” but added a layer of restrictions in terms of plans .
Taking It Away
After Kunkel learned of the IRS 's new rules regarding Health Reimbursement Agreements , they began exploring options .
Kunkel looked into purchasing plans through the SHOP , or Small Business Health Options Program , exchange . However , insurance brokers warned Kunkel enrolling in the SHOP exchange could prove to be confusing , time-consuming and costly .
They also looked into offering their workers a group plan and selected one through Evergreen Health , Maryland 's co-op .
Though the group plan through Evergreen Health was among the cheapest Kunkel could find , not a single employee decided to enroll , as it was more expensive than individual plans .
Kunkel even raised some of their employees ' pay to help compensate for their lost reimbursements , but that caused some workers purchasing coverage on Obamacare 's exchange to lose subsidies or qualify for less .
“ They 're good people . They 're good friends of mine , and most of them have worked for me for years , ” Kunkel said of their employees . “ It 's always tough when you 're taking something away from them , especially something like health care . You feel compelled to try to help out in some other way . ”
Already this year , Kunkel has had two employees leave their company , citing health insurance as a major reason for leaving .
Now , he 's hoping Congress can provide some much-needed relief for small businesses .
“ I 'm vying for qualified staff just like everybody else . The fact that I was contributing , I felt I was going above and beyond , ” they said . “ Then I had to be the person to take it away . ”
YouTube notifications get ‘ watch later ' shortcut on Android
By Killian Bell
Google 's latest YouTube update for Android finally gives users the ability to quickly add videos to their “ watch later ” list with just one tap . The option ensures you do n't forget the latest videos from your favorite channels when you do n't have time to watch them right away .
Until now , YouTube 's “ new upload ” notifications have n't been all that helpful . They will tell you when the channels you 're subscribed to publish a new video , but unless you want to watch it right away , you ca n't do anything with them .
If you dismiss them , then , it 's up to you to remember to back and watch that video later . But not anymore . Thanks to the new “ watch later ” option , you can quickly add a video to your list so that it 's waiting for you when you get chance to watch it .
Not all Android users will see this update yet — like all Google updates , it 's rolling out in phases — so do n't worry if you are n't already seeing the watch later option . It will be available soon .
Alex Jones from Infowars.com speaks during a rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump near the Republican National Convention in Cleveland on July 18 . ( Lucas Jackson/Reuters )
Erica Lafferty lost their mother on Dec. 14 , 2012 .
Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung , then principal of Sandy Hook Elementary , was killed when 2o-year-old Adam Lanza stormed into the building and fatally shot 20 children and six staff members , before killing himself .
That was days after the final Thanksgiving they and their daughter would share .
As Lafferty wrote in USA Today on Friday , “ This Thanksgiving , I sat at a dinner table with an empty seat . It 's the very seat where my mother , Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung , should be . Smiling , laughing and enjoying a holiday meal with their daughters and grandchildren . . . . My heart — and my dinner table — reflect the hole in my life that will never be repaired . ”
Painful as the experience has been , it led Lafferty to their current calling as an advocate for gun safety .
It must feel like salt in an open wound , then , when someone denies that the Sandy Hook massacre ever happened in the first place . But that 's what conspiracy theorist Alex Jones , a Donald Trump booster and founder of Infowars , has claimed repeatedly .
As reported in the New Yorker :
Jones 's amazing reputation arises mainly from their high-volume insistence that national tragedies such as the September 11th terror attacks , the Oklahoma City bombing , the Sandy Hook elementary-school shooting , and the Boston Marathon bombing were all inside jobs , “ false flag ” ops secretly perpetrated by the government to increase its tyrannical power ( and , in some cases , seize guns ) . Jones believes that no one was actually hurt at Sandy Hook — those were actors — and that the Apollo 11 moon-landing footage was faked .
Trump is a Jones admirer . Trump once told him : “ Your reputation is amazing . I will not let you down . ”
[ How Alex Jones , conspiracy theorist extraordinaire , got Donald Trump 's ear ]
After Trump became the president-elect , they continued to be lauded by Jones , and Trump has n't spoken a word against the conspiracy theorist . Instead , Jones claimed Trump promised to appear on their show again , The Washington Post reported . And Trump continues to quote baseless claims from Jones 's Infowars about millions of Hillary Clinton supporters voting illegally .
Lafferty could no longer hold their tongue , as they wrote in a long op-ed for USA Today that published on Friday . In it , they demanded the president-elect denounce their supporter .
As they wrote :
Even after an election that exposed deep divisions in our country , surely we can all agree on this : The mass shooting at Sandy Hook happened . Twenty-six families , including mine , were torn apart and will never be the same . Any preposterous ideas to the contrary can not be allowed to seep into our country 's mainstream discourse . They must be swiftly and publicly refuted .
Of those who claim the shooting was fake , they called Jones the “ most prominent popularizer ” of the lie .
“ A quick Google search for the phrase ‘ Sandy Hook truthers ' will turn up thousands of stories about how the worst day of my life was actually an elaborate conspiracy that never happened at all , ” Lafferty wrote . “ It 's insanity . ”
Alex Jones was a powerful underground voice for the alternative conservative media , but they became a more mainstream figure in December 2015 , when Donald Trump , then a Republican presidential candidate , spent 30 minutes on Jones 's radio program , `` Info Wars . '' ( Erin Patrick O'Connor , Manuel Roig-Franzia/The Washington Post )
( It should be noted that while Jones has long denied the reality of what occurred at Sandy Hook , they recently released a video to clarify their position . In the video , Jones said , “ I do n't know what really happened ” at Sandy Hook . While Jones admitted there is proof that some people died , they claimed , “ The official story of Sandy Hook has more holes in it than Swiss cheese . ” )
To Lafferty , though , the issue extends beyond their personal feelings . They wrote :
President-elect Trump will face the same kinds of tragedies President Obama has lived through . He 'll need to visit with the brokenhearted , and he 'll need to prove he 's the kind of man — and president — who can represent us all . A man who ran on a campaign to “ improve our country ” simply can not embrace a man whose preposterous theories are antithetical to our shared values .
“ Conservative thinkers may interpret the Second Amendment differently than I do , but most of the conservatives I know cherish both facts and civility , ” they wrote . “ For example , I 've worked closely with Sen. Patrick J. Toomey , R-Pa. , and consider them to be among the kindest public servants I 've encountered . ”
Instead , the issue lies firmly with Trump and Jones 's relationship .
“ I 've faced the cold , hard truth of the murder of my mother , and it 's time for Trump to face one of their own . American presidents are held to higher standards than reality television stars , and our new president-elect must learn that , ” wrote Lafferty , referring to Trump 's rise to televised fame as the host of NBC 's “ The Apprentice . ”
Given that , they placed a metaphoric call to arms to American citizens on both sides of the aisle .
“ I am asking conservatives and all Americans to join me in telling President-elect Trump this : Alex Jones represents the worst of our country . It 's time to disavow the man who calls my mother 's death a hoax and not appear on their show , ” they wrote .
Included in the piece was a link to a letter they have written to the president-elect . They encouraged those who agree to sign their name to it .
Trump has not responded to the letter .
On Twitter they have made no mention of Sandy Hook or Alex Jones since Lafferty 's piece was published . Instead , they have falsely claimed that millions of people illegally voted for Hillary Clinton and that there was “ serious voter fraud in Virginia , New Hampshire and California . ”
Lafferty 's piece can be summed up in a single line they penned : “ Mr . President-elect : You are letting me down . ”
Read the full op-ed here .
More from Morning Mix
A teacher allegedly poisoned their son with their own fecal matter— for their own good , they claims
Burglars rob militia family bungalow of guns , machetes , grenades and body armor
‘ After the beating ' : Moroccan TV airs makeup tips for hiding domestic violence
You 'll read it here , see also various ( mostly weak ) responses in the comments to Alex 's original post . Most of you , including Krugman , are missing Alex 's point . The issue is not that Krugman changed their mind ( I 've done that plenty , Alex too ) . The issue is that Krugman a ) regularly demonizes their opponents , including those who hold Krugman 's old positions , and b ) does n't work very hard to produce the strongest possible case against their arguments .
Krugman 's response shows that they have changed their mind on debt , and explained why , but Heritage has not . It 's an “ I am better than they are ” response . That is beside the point , which is about elevating the views of others not oneself . The need to show all the time that one is better or more right than the others is itself harmful to depth , and responding with “ but I really am better than them ” is just falling into the trap again .
Krugman calls themselves a Humean but has they studied and internalized the lessons from Hume 's Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion ? Is it easy to imagine the current Krugman writing rich multi-voiced dialogues which extend both their points and those of their intellectual opponents ? Can you imagine the current Krugman writing something sufficiently multi-faceted that you might come away thinking — because of the piece itself — that the opposing point of view was the better one ?
Krugman has shown a remarkable and impressive capacity to reinvent himself , more than once . They could reinvent themselves again — in a truly Humean direction — and become the most important American public intellectual — and perhaps intellectual — of their time . Or they could keep their current status as a sharp and brilliant someone who has an enormous number of followers but relatively little influence over actual events , and perhaps , like most of us , wo n't be read much fifty years from now .
The reality is that neither the early nor the more recent Krugman is especially convincing on debt , and if anything the conjunction between the two shows that switching sides is n't quite the same thing as changing your mind . The odds are that government spending cuts are not literally budget balance destroyers on net . How about writing a NYRB essay that lays out the short-run negative output gradient to austerity , presents why austerity is considered a serious option nonetheless , discusses catch-up and bounce back effects and their relevant time horizons , analyzes what kinds of policies are actually possible in a 17 ( 27 ) nation collective , engages with the best public choice arguments ( including Buchanan and Wagner ) on a serious level , ponders the merits and demerits of worst case thinking , and ruminates on the nature of leadership in a way which shows some tussling with Thucydides and Churchill ? Surely that is within Krugman 's capabilities and if it still comes out Keynesian or left-wing , great , at least someone will have seen those arguments through . Such an essay would stand a far greater chance of influencing me , or other serious readers , or for that matter President Obama . We should hold Krugman to the very high standard of actually expecting that they produce such work . Not many others are capable of it .
There is a kind of hallelujah chorus for Krugman on some of the left-wing economics blogs . The funny thing is , it 's hurting Krugman most of all .
Addendum : Here is a response from Krugman ; note they have turned my description of “ regularly demonize ” to “ always demonize . ”
The Twitter account of musician Neil Young was hacked Friday night .
Whoever hijacked Young 's verified account ( @ Neilyoung ) tweeted various pornographic ( NSFW ) images , many of them retweets from the account of a prominent porn site . The hacker also sent out several expletive-laden tweets , adding the hashtag # neilslayed to some of them , apparently to draw attention to the hack .
One tweet admitted the account had been hacked , but that the situation had been `` taken care of . '' However , many of the questionable tweets came after that tweet , which posted at 11:28 p.m . ET .
Please disregard my last few tweets . This account was hacked , but it has now been resolved and taken care of . — SLUT FOR THE D ( @ Neilyoung ) June 7 , 2014
That tweet actually appears to have been the start of the hack , although it 's unclear if any previous tweets were deleted . The account 's last tweet before Friday night was on May 28 , which promoted one of Young 's albums being featured on a BBC radio station .
Another tweet from Young 's account accused two other Twitter users of being behind the hack , but again , the claims are highly questionable . The hacker also replaced Young 's photo with one from a seemingly random Tumblr .
John Hamm , CEO of Young-backed PonoMusic , confirmed the hacking to Mashable and said Young 's management was in contact with Twitter about restoring the account to its rightful owner .
Neil Young recently had a very successful Kickstarter campaign for the PonoPlayer , an iPod-like device made specifically for high-resolution music . Although the campaign sought only $ 800,000 , it ended up with pledges totaling more than $ 6 million . The first devices are expected to ship in late summer .
Despite increasing threats to enforce federal marijuana prohibition from U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions , a fellow member of the Trump administration 's Cabinet just used the podium in the White House press briefing room to advocate for states ' rights to set their own cannabis laws .
“ I thought that Colorado was wrong in allowing for the use of marijuana , which they 've decided to do . But that 's their call , ” Energy Secretary Rick Perry said on Tuesday . “ I will defend that right robustly . That ought to be their call . ”
Perry , a former Texas governor , was answering a question about the Clean Power Plan , an Obama-era energy policy that requires individual states to meet specific standards on reducing carbon dioxide emissions and which the Trump administration is considering scrapping .
“ That 's the beauty of all of this , ” they said . “ Allow Americans to pick and choose where they want to live , under what types of governments . And we 'll figure it out . ”
Criticizing “ this idea that we 're gon na have one size fits all out of Washington , D.C. , ” Perry said , “ One of the reason I came to serve with President Trump was because I knew they believed in that . ”
Perry , who repeatedly pledged to defend state marijuana laws during the course of their own failed presidential campaign in 2015 , proactively brought up cannabis without prompting in response to the energy policy question .
Earlier in the briefing in response to another question , they called federal intrusion into state affairs “ just nonsense ” and said , “ I happen to believe that the states are laboratories of innovation . They 're innovators just like we have at our national labs .
During their presidential run , Perry consistently voiced support for federalism and the 10th Amendment .
“ I do n't agree with those decisions that were made by…the state of Colorado or Washington , but I will defend it to my death , if you will , to allow them to make those decisions , ” they said in one radio interview . “ I think they will look back and they will find that it was a huge error that they made . But I 'm going to stick with the founding fathers rather than picking and choosing which [ state laws ] I want to defend and which ones I do n't . ”
In a Daily Show appearance they said , “ If you want to go somewhere where you can smoke medicinal weed , then you ought to be able to do that . ”
Trump themselves repeatedly said they supported states ' rights to enact their own marijuana laws during the campaign and expressed personal support for medical cannabis , saying they know people who have benefited from it .
Perry is n't the only Cabinet member who seems open to marijuana law reform . Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin said on Saturday that state legalization is leading to increased research on cannabis 's potential benefits for military veterans in light of federal roadblocks .
In contrast , Sessions has asked Congress to undo current protections that prevent the Justice Department from interfering with state medical cannabis laws .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said the central bank has no pre-set deadline for ending its quantitative easing program , stressing that the stimulus will remain in place until its price target is achieved in a stable manner .
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda speaks before a meeting of the International Monetary and Financial Committee ( IMFC ) at the World Bank/IMF annual meetings in Washington October 11 , 2014 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
They also reiterated that a weak yen is positive for the world 's third-largest economy as long as it reflects fundamentals .
“ We 've been saying that we will strive to achieve our 2 percent inflation target ... and maintain our quantitative and qualitative easing ( QQE ) until that level is sustained in a stable manner , ” Kuroda told parliament .
“ We have no pre-set time limit for QQE , ” they said .
Kuroda also dismissed concerns , held by some academics , that the BOJ 's prolonged ultra-loose monetary policy will sow the seeds of hyper-inflation .
“ We wo n't allow inflation to accelerate well past 2 percent , ” they said , adding that it was too early to debate an exit strategy for QQE with Japan only halfway to meeting the central bank 's price target .
The BOJ has stood pat since deploying an intense burst of stimulus , dubbed QQE , in April last year , when it pledged to double base money via aggressive asset purchases to achieve 2 percent inflation in roughly two years .
Kuroda has said that while the BOJ will aim to meet its price target sometime next year , it has no intention of tapering QQE until 2 percent inflation is met sustainably , not temporary .
On the yen 's declines in September , Kuroda repeated their view that while a weak yen benefits exporters and Japanese firms with operations overseas , it hurts households and service-sector firms through rising import costs .
“ The rise in import prices from the weak yen has recently been offset somewhat by declines in raw material costs ” due to sharp falls in commodity prices , Kuroda said .
Core consumer inflation has hovered barely above 1 percent , when excluding the effect from a sales tax hike in April , casting doubts on whether price growth will accelerate to 2 percent next year as the BOJ predicts .
The Municipal Device
by Jacob Kaplan
Chicagoans seem to have a lot of civic pride . The most prominent example of this is the municipal flag , flown all over the city by public and private institutions alike . Another very visible example is often overlooked and mostly forgotten about ; the Chicago Municipal Device . This “ Y ” shaped figure , which represents the three branches of the river as they come together at Wolf Point , can be found on structures and buildings all across the city . While prominent on many municipal buildings and street lighting boxes , it can also often be found interestingly hidden in the facades of older commercial and industrial buildings across the city .
Interestingly integrated with an eagle , this Y is located on a commercial building on Michigan Avenue in the Roseland neighborhood .
A terra cotta Y is hidden in a colorful floral design on the Western-Bryn Mawr Building , located at its namesake intersection .
Ornamentation and simplicity . The Baroque detailing of the Belmont-Central building prominently features a device . It is very similar to the Western-Bryn Mawr building , right down to the naming convention . Probably the same architect .
Conversely , the device at right was found on an old municipal building , one which has been put to numerous functions over the years . Here , the device is the ornament , almost a secular crucifix .
Left : These Y 's are nicely integrated into the steel framework of the Division Street bridge on the east side of Goose Island .
Right : As with many civic buildings ( see above ) , the Y is appropriately positioned on this , an abandoned fire station .
Left : Easily overlooked , this commercial building on Lincoln Avenue in the Lincoln/Belmont/Ashland shopping district sports these large Y 's on its façade .
A seemingly nondescript building on the corner of Damen and Grand Avenues , this façade includes an odd elongated Y .
Ron Schramm 1992 .
Two examples of the Y used on the demolished Ogden Avenue viaduct . Other examples of relief sculptures similiar to the one at right can be found on WPA era bridge houses throuought the city . While it has seen past use as a symbol of brewing , the six-point star graffiti seen here can be construed quite differently . It is probably meant to signify the territory of the Black Disciples gang , but I am no expert .
A very promient Y downtown in Congress Plaza . As with the sign at right , this monument contains another insignia – the Fleur de Lis . Perhaps an allusion to the first European settlers in the area ?
Right and Below Right : It 's sign faded and rusting , we 're not sure if the 28th Ward office on Ohio and Oakley is still in use . This sign is probably from the 1950 's , the ward office sign below , from the same building , is probably from the 1920 's .
A classic example , this one on Galileo school in Little Italy . This time , the device is paired with olive branches .
This wrought iron device adorns the gate of the former Koszciusko Public Bath
This one was found on the entrance to the assembly hall of Gladstone Elementary school . This school will be closing within a year as part of a number of citywide school closings . The neighborhood it used to serve , the Valley , was obliterated by the Illinois Medical District 's landgrabbing eminent domain power in the area .
Matthew Kaplan , 1977
three flat on Clark near Schrieber featured an eagle-topped device . It was demolished when a new police station was built on the corner , shortly after this image was taken .
Read More
Senator Rand Paul ( R-KY ) has introduced an amendment known as the Arming All Pilots Act to encourage pilots to enroll in the Federal Flight Deck Officer ( FDDO ) program . It would increase training opportunities for pilots by increasing the number of training facilities used for initial and recurrent training , including firearms re-qualification . In addition , the amendment would require five days of initial training , with two days of in-person classroom attendance and additional online training options .
Recurrent training for officers would be set at two days every five years .
“ The Federal Flight Deck Officer Program is an important element in our continued efforts to ensure the safety of airline passengers , and my amendment will make it possible for more pilots to get trained and protect flyers . Pilots regularly tell me they 've experienced problems with the availability of training under the current program ; my amendment addresses those concerns and ensures that participants in the program have the critical training they need , ” Paul said in a press release .
Paul first introduced the Arming All Pilots Act in July 2015 , where it died in committee .
The Obama administration had sought to cut funding for the program back in 2012 , arguing that TSA screening and locked cockpit doors were effective enough .
This will be your second post today on the problem of collecting sales taxes on Internet transactions , because after I wrote the first post , it became clear to me that most people who are writing about it do not understand why this is onerous for small business . I mean , sure , hey , there 's all these different rates , but that 's what software is for !
It 's pretty obvious that most of the people writing about the sales tax have never run a small business . They are thinking about the transaction from the point of view of the consumer , where you punch in what you want to buy , and the software painlessly calculates the percentage for you . Few of the commentators I 've read have asked themselves what happens to the money after the software has collected the money . Do the sales tax fairies simply whisk it off to the nice folks at the state tax department ?
Sadly , no . Rather , as an SBA guidebook for small businesses points out , you have to file a tax return with each and every locality for which you have collected tax . The bill streamlines this a bit , but you 've still got to keep 50 states ' worth of records and file 40-odd states worth of returns .
Generally , states require businesses to pay the sales taxes they collect quarterly or monthly . You 'll have to use a special tax return for sales taxes , and report all sales , taxable sales , exempt sales and amount of tax due . Not paying on time can result in penalties . As always , check with your state or local government about the process in your location .
For Amazon—the actual target of these laws—this is trivial . Its staff of crack accountants can probably roll these things out before their Monday-morning coffee break . For a small vendor , however , that 's a whole lot of paperwork . Imagine being a small eBay vendor that has to file a different set of tax returns every quarter or every month , depending on who happened to buy your handmade toaster cozies . The bill makes this slightly easier by exempting the smallest businesses and saying that you only have to file one return per state . But that 's still hours and hours of work per month , for folks who are probably already working pretty damn hard .
This bill , in fact , is good for Amazon—it kills off their small-fry competitors who ca n't afford the staff accountants ( or the software ) to file 46 returns every month . And it frees them up to open warehouses in more states , the better to minimize their shipping costs . Presumably , that 's why they 're in favor of the bill .
But it 's going to be hell on sole proprietorships and other small businesses that ca n't afford the compliance overhead . Anyone who has had to file income tax returns in two states can imagine why you might not want to file in almost 50—monthly .
Now , the sales tax return is not as complicated as an income tax return . But it 's still time consuming . It opens you up to audits by lots of different tax departments and ( more likely ) lots of time spent on the phone straightening out paperwork mistakes . And there are always paperwork mistakes . My mother paid employment taxes for one weekly visit from a cleaner , and it cost them almost as much accountant time as their personal taxes from being a self-employed real estate agent .
And you know what happens if you screw up your sales tax returns ? They charge you penalties and interest , and if you do n't pay , they seize the money from your bank account . ( Not entirely unfairly : not paying your sales taxes is a favorite method for small businesses to try to overcome a cash flow problem . The pokey is the favorite destination for these tax cheats . )
This may be particularly likely to happen if you are not a local resident or a big business with an extensive lobbying budget and therefore do not have a representative in the state legislature who can be called to complain that the tax department is persecuting you .
This is death for a small business in the fledgling stage .
It does n't seem worth hassling them to get a few extra bucks out of Amazon . Some of those small businesses are the future big businesses of the world . More of them are a way for hardworking people to achieve the American Dream of being their own boss . All of them are contributing to the general welfare . At least until we kill off their Internet sales by demanding they file dozens of monthly or quarterly tax returns .
Update : Can you build a service that outsources sales tax collection ? Yes ; indeed , they already exist . But they are not free , though it looks like the law will make some free options available . You still have to manage the vendor and the classification of everything in your inventory under the tax laws of many states . And as far as I know , they do not exempt you from the need to hassle with state officials if there 's an error on your side , or theirs , any more than using TurboTax , or an accountant , means that you can ignore an audit . You may get the state to agree that you have no liability—but you have to prove there 's no liability .
On a fairer note , a number of people argue that almost no one on Etsy does significant revenue , so I 've changed it to eBay .
This article has been edited to point out that very small businesses will be exempt .
FX Networks has upped television executive Kate Lambert to the post of senior vice president of series development and animation , Variety has learned .
Lambert 's promotion comes as FX is emphasizing an expansion in animated programming , highlighted by FX boss John Landgraf ‘ s announcement this summer at the Television Critics Association that FXX will be moving “ really aggressively ” into more animated series and short-form series in the adult animation format .
In the new role , Lambert — who developed and oversees the critically-acclaimed and Emmy winning animated comedy “ Archer ” — will head development of animated original series and short-form animated programs for FX and FXX . They will also continue to develop live-action series for both networks .
“ From ‘ Archer ' to ‘ Atlanta , ' Kate has done an extraordinary job of developing some of FX 's signature shows and we are thrilled they will be taking an even greater role in guiding the networks ' programming , ” said Eric Schrier and Nick Grad , presidents of original programming for FX Networks and FX Productions . “ Kate is among the best in the business at forming relationships with the most sought-after producers , writers and talent , and this will be invaluable as we continue to build on FX Networks ' slate of acclaimed and award-winning live-action and animated series . ”
“ Aside from their extensive work on “ Archer , ” Lambert was instrumental in the launch of Donald Glover 's “ Atlanta , ” which was recently renewed for a second season . During their time at FX , she 's been involved in pilot development for “ The Americans , ” “ Sons of Anarchy , ” “ The Strain , ” “ Justified , ” “ American Horror Story , ” “ The League , ” “ Wilfred ” and “ Louie . ”
Prior to joining FX , Lambert worked at HBO and CAA . They graduated from USC with degrees in broadcast journalism and cinema/television .
A gay couple adopted the baby they found abandoned in a Manhattan subway station twelve years ago , in a heartwarming story about how sometimes the world is n't a terrible place .
According to Peter Mercurio , in a Times Opinionator column , their partner Danny found a one-day old baby at the A/C/E subway exit on Eight Avenue .
Three months after finding the baby , Danny appeared in family court to give their version of the story . At this point , a judge asked Danny if he 'd like to adopt the baby .
The question stunned everyone in the courtroom , everyone except for Danny , who answered , simply , `` Yes . '' `` But I know it 's not that easy , '' they said . `` Well , it can be , '' assured the judge before barking off orders to commence with making them and , by extension , me , parents-to-be .
After some hesitation by Mercurio , the couple decided to keep the baby , naming them Kevin . Throughout the adoption process , Mercurio wondered about the judge who 'd put this entire plan in action .
Did they know Danny was a social worker and therefore thought they would make a good parent ? Would they have asked them to adopt if they knew Danny was gay and in a relationship ?
When they asked the judge during their final hearing why she 'd suggested adoption to Danny , they simply replied that they had a hunch .
If that seems like the perfect happy ending to you , you 're wrong , there 's even more . In 2011 , New York State finally allowed gay couples to marry . Twelve years after they were found at the subway , Baby ACE asked their fathers why not have the very judge who 'd hatched their family marry them .
They did .
The story , in its entirety can be read here . There 's a Parents Magazine version of the same story here . And , if you can even handle it , there 's a screenplay based off this wonderful story of perfect coincidences , written by Mercurio himself .
You 're not the only one touched by this story . Here 's what Twitter had to say :
Photo
The actual text of the Senate version of Trumpcare is still a secret , even from almost all the Senators who are expected to vote for it . But that 's actually a secondary issue : never mind the precise details , what 's the organizing idea ? What is the bill supposed to do , and how is it supposed to do it ?
The answer — which I 've been suggesting for a while — is that they have no idea , and more broadly , no ideas in general . Now Vox confirms this , by interviewing a series of Republican senators :
With the bill 's text still not released for public view , Vox asked GOP senators to explain their hopes for it . Who will benefit from the legislation ? What problems is this bill trying to solve ?
The answers , universally , were “ Er . Ah . Um . ”
Time was when even the worst legislation came with some kind of justification , when you could count on the hacks at Heritage to explain why eating children will encourage entrepreneurship , or something . On the right , these explanations have descended into ever deeper voodoo ; the Kansas experiment was based on obvious nonsense , and has turned out even worse than cynics might have suggested . And you might have thought that this was as bad as it can get .
But now we have legislation that will change the lives of millions , and they have n't even summoned the usual suspects to explain what a great idea it is . If hypocrisy is the tribute vice pays to virtue , Republicans have decided that even that 's too much ; they 're going to try to pass legislation that takes from the poor and gives to the rich without even trying to offer a justification .
And they 'll try to do it by dead of night , of course .
This has nothing to do with Trump , who is , as I 've been saying , an ignorant bystander — yes , he 's betraying every promise they made , but what else is new ? It 's about Congressional Republicans .
Which Congressional Republicans ? All of them . Remember , three senators who cared even a bit about substance , legislative process , and just plain honesty with the public , could stop this . So far , it does n't look as if there are those three senators .
This is a level of corruption that 's hard to fathom . Yet it 's the reality of one of our two parties .
NBC 's experiment in a comedy streaming service , Seeso , was n't long for this world -- the outfit is shutting down later this year . There 's no explanation as to why , but it notes that its original series There 's ... Johnny ! wo n't premiere later in August as a result . Thankfully , this and other shows will live on . Some of them already have new homes , NBC says .
It does n't take too much work to divine why Seeso called it quits mere months after its January debut . As a niche streaming service , it just did n't capture attention in the same way as all-encompassing alternatives like Amazon , Hulu or Netflix . There were layoffs in June , and the relatively thin selection of originals did n't help matters , either . This does n't mean that specialty streaming ca n't work , but it faces an uphill battle when you can spend just a few dollars more per month to access a much larger video catalog .
Sen. Mark Kirk ( R-IL ) is facing a tough re-election battle and has declared they do n't support Donald Trump 's presidential bid . Kirk is making their point with a new ad in Spanish , declaring their opposition to the GOP nominee .
“ Yo no apoyo a Trump , ” Kirk states in the 30-second ad aimed at Hispanics , which translates to “ I do not support Trump . ”
The full translation reads :
When Donald Trump says bad things about immigrants , I have spoken against him . I do not support Trump . I have worked with Republicans and Democrats to reduce gang violence in Chicago and I support immigration reform to help keep families united . I am Mark Kirk and I approve this message , and I am proud to be your senator .
Kirk stopped backing the Republican nominee after Trump criticized a federal judge , saying their “ Mexican heritage ” made them incapable of impartially presiding over Trump 's case , according to The Hill . The judge was born in Indiana .
Motorola might not be the only company making a smartwatch with a circular display in the near future . Samsung has filed for a trio of US design patents for smartwatches that are much more rounded than squarish devices like the Gear Live . The watch faces vary in their curviness , although they all have a similar camera in the band like the early Galaxy Gear ; one example ( what you see above ) also has charging pins in the clasp , rather than on the watch itself . It 's clear that Samsung is seriously considering circular wristwear , although whether or not it actually builds any of these gadgets is another matter . All the patents were filed last March , or well before the company saw poor Galaxy Gear sales and revamped its designs -- if these concepts ever translate to real products , there could be a lot of changes .
Thieves crash car into Sugar Land Verizon store , steal phones
Sugar Land police are looking for two men who crashed a vehicle into a Verizon Wireless store , 2109 State Highway 6 North , and took phones from display cases .
Surveillance video shows a maroon Buick sedan accelerate backward at a high rate and speed and smash through glass doors and a security gate on July 15 at 2 a.m. Once inside , two men exited the car , took phones from display areas and drove away .
Both men were black , 18-30 years old , 5 feet 10 inches to 6 feet 3 inches tall and 170-210 pounds . One of the criminals was wearing a blue jacket , black pants , grey shoes and black gloves . The other was wearing a grey jacket , black pants and gloves .
Anyone with information should call the Sugar Land Police Department at 281-275-2540 or Fort Bend County Crime Stoppers at 281-342-TIPS ( 8477 ) .
Sites that publish fake or hyperpartisan news are almost completely reliant on Facebook for their readership , according to data collected by the marketing analytics firm Jumpshot .
The company found that several of these sites get over 70 % of their desktop-device traffic from Facebook referrals . By contrast , established news sites , like the New York Times , get less than 30 % of their desktop traffic from the social network . Jumpshot collected data from over 20 fake , hyperpartisan , and established news sites between September and November .
In total , Jumpshot found that fake and hyperpartisan news sites got 50 % of their traffic from Facebook , while the news publishers it looked at relied on Facebook for 20 % of their traffic . The analytics firm also found that that fake news was equally popular in both Republican and Democrat states , based on how those states voted in the 2016 presidential election .
Poynter has a rundown of the egregiously false news items published by some of these outlets .
The data suggest that Facebook is a key distributor of fake news—as well as news from legitimate sources . The company 's founder and chief executive , Mark Zuckerberg , has pooh-poohed the idea that fake news on their social network influenced the election . This sparked outrage and led to a statement about new initiatives to tackle the problem .
It 's worth noting that many digital-only news publishers get a high proportion of their traffic from Facebook . For instance , web traffic analytics firm SimilarWeb found that 45 % of BuzzFeed 's traffic originated from desktop users of Facebook in the first quarter of 2016 . Facebook also referred a similar proportion of traffic to Vice.com . Facebook sent 27 % of traffic to qz.com , according to SimilarWeb . The analytics firm Parsely found that Facebook accounts for just over 40 % ( pdf ) of all traffic , making it the top referrer , in a sample of 200 publishers over a two-week period in January 2016 .
But even though most digital outlets get a large proportion of their traffic from Facebook these days , the new data show that the network has an outsize role , even compared to other digital outlets , in driving traffic to fake news sites .
The only silver lining ? Younger consumers of social media seem to be more savvy about it . Jumpshot found that millennials were 16 % less likely to click on a fake news item that appeared on Facebook than the rest of the population .
The People 's Revolutionary Government ( PRG ) was proclaimed on 13 March 1979 after the New Jewel Movement overthrew the government of Grenada in a revolution . The government suspended the constitution and ruled by decree until a factional conflict broke out , culminating in an invasion by the United States on 25 October 1983 .
History [ edit ]
The New Jewel Movement ( NJM ) under the leadership of Maurice Bishop was the main opposition party in Grenada during the 1970s . In 1979 , the NJM overthrew the government of Eric Gairy , which had ruled the country since independence in 1974 . The NJM launched an armed takeover of the radio station , police barracks , and various other key locations in Grenada while Gairy was on a trip outside the country . The armed takeover was conducted by the People 's Revolutionary Army ( PRA ) , which had been formed in secret within the NJM . [ 1 ]
The NJM suspended the constitution and announced new laws . Maurice Bishop announced the formation of the PRG over radio , which organized a cabinet to run the country with Bishop as prime minister . All political organizations except for the NJM were banned , and membership in the NJM was thereafter tightly controlled .
The PRG established close relations with the government of Cuba , and with Cuban assistance began construction of a large international airport .
Literacy and health statistics improved dramatically during Bishop 's tenure , but economic woes led to a crisis . In 1983 , internal divisions occurred within the central committee of the PRG . A group led by Deputy Prime Minister Bernard Coard , a hard-line militaristic element , [ 2 ] attempted to convince Bishop to enter into a power-sharing agreement with Coard . Eventually Coard placed Bishop under house arrest and took control of the PRG government . The removal of Bishop led to large popular demonstrations in different areas of the country . In the course of one of these demonstrations , Bishop was freed by the crowd , and eventually reached the PRA headquarters at Fort Rupert .
A unit from the PRA ( People 's Revolutionary Army ) at Fort Frederick was dispatched to Fort Rupert . Fighting broke out between that force and the civilians at Fort Rupert resulting in many deaths . Afterwards , Bishop and seven others , including several cabinet ministers , were rounded up and executed .
After the executions , a new government called the Revolutionary Military Council , led by General Hudson Austin , was formed to rule the country and the PRG ceased to exist . This government nominally ruled for six days before being ousted by the U.S. invasion of Grenada .
References [ edit ]
Sustainer Homes
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The interior of the pilot model of Sustainer Homes ' off-grid mobile home . Photograph : Xam Xander Mouthaan/Sustainer Homes
This Dutch company makes fully off-grid mobile homes from recycled and reusable materials . Heat and power are renewable , and the water supply is filtered rain . According to co-founder Gert van Vugt , who has been staying in the pilot model , the life-cycle emissions are 4 % those of a normal home , but inside it 's “ a regular house with a dishwasher and washing machine ” . As well as developing holiday homes , the company has bigger projects in the works for 2017 and beyond , including for developing countries . One challenge that lies ahead is how municipal planning systems will deal with such a different kind of house .
Drivy
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Drivy car rental model is like an Airbnb for cars . Photograph : Anna Gowthorpe/PA
Drivy likens itself to an Airbnb for cars , enabling people to rent out their vehicle when they 're not using it . Around 800,000 users and 35,000 private cars are signed up across Germany , France and Spain . A key step for the business was establishing an insurance policy with Allianz to protect both car owners and renters . Drivy has just made what CEO Paulin Dementhon believes to be a game-changing technology breakthrough : a box it can install in cars to allow customers to open car doors with their smartphones at times agreed with car owners , making self-service rental possible . Dementhon says it will be scaled up quickly this year .
Redisa
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Redisa gathers waste tyres for recycling or for cement kiln fuel . Photograph : Sequence Pictures/Redisa
“ South Africa is littered with what was originally estimated to be 60m waste tyres , which pollute the environment – they are often burnt in uncontrolled environments for the steel content – and create breeding grounds for vermin and mosquitoes , ” a spokesperson for the government initiative explains . Redisa collects a levy on tyre manufacture and imports , and uses the money to gather waste tyres for recycling or for cement kiln fuel . Since 2012 it has collected 18m tyres and created 3,000 jobs . Its major challenge is to develop a local industry using rubber and steel recyclate so it can burn less and recycle more .
Optoro
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Optoro acts as a middleman for selling goods online . Photograph : Graeme Robertson for the Guardian
Optoro , winner of the circular economy enterprise category at The Circulars awards at Davos , started life as eSpot , a middleman selling people 's knick-knacks and antiques for them on eBay in the days before widespread online knowhow . “ We had the idea for Optoro when more and more local retailers , instead of individuals , asked us to help them sell their returned and excess inventory , ” says the firm 's director of communications , Carly Llewellyn . “ We realised that dealing with returns and other goods in the reverse supply chain was a problem even top retailers face. ” Optoro now works with 20 of the top 100 retailers in the US and expects to process 25m items in 2016 , cutting its clients ' waste from returned and excess stock by 73 % .
Circularity Capital
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Edinburgh firm Circularity Capital offers small and medium businesses access to investment opportunities created by the circular economy . Photograph : Murdo Macleod for the Guardian
This Edinburgh-based private equity firm specialises in the circular economy . Launched last year , it plans to make 10-12 investments of between £1m and £5m by 2020 in small- and medium-sized companies . The founders say businesses that innovate to increase their resource productivity offer investors an attractive return . “ The beauty of the circular economy framework is that it 's founded on strong economic principles , ” says partner Andrew Shannon , a former banker . “ That 's shown by its growing adoption in the corporate world. ” Shannon is particularly interested in SMEs that are maximising the value and productivity of their assets by moving from selling a product to selling a service .
Neptuno Pumps
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Neptuno Pumps is based in the Atacama desert in Chile , one of the driest places on Earth . Photograph : Krys Bailey/Alamy
This Chilean manufacturer produces 60 % of its pumps using reused and recycled materials . This includes remanufactured pumps where almost all the parts are reused or recycled . The buyer gets a pump that 's 30 % cheaper , but still comes with a one-year warranty . Neptuno is based in the Atacama desert , one of the driest places on Earth and the heartland of Chile 's multibillion-dollar mining industry , a huge consumer of the country 's scarce water resource . Through its design , Neptuno claims its pumps can help mining companies recycle up to 70 % of their water , which cuts energy consumption by up to 30 % .
Miniwiz
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Miniwiz has fitted out Nike 's high-end stores in seven cities including Tokyo . Photograph : Sean Pavone/Alamy
This Taiwan-based engineering , manufacturing and design firm turns trash – particularly plastic , electronic and agricultural waste – into building materials . It has fitted out the interior of Nike 's high-end stores , NikeLab , in seven cities including London , Tokyo and New York , and has built an e-waste recycling plant out of recycled materials . The firm is self-funded , with no government subsidies , so it has to compete on quality and price . Miniwiz 's communications director , Johann Boedecker , says people are often resistant to recycled materials but that things are improving . “ Our new customers think the loop economy can be good for their bottom line , ” they say .
National Zero Waste Council
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A coalition of metropolitan governments and businesses aim to prevent food waste . Photograph : Grant Faint/Getty Images
Canada 's local governments spend around C $ 3.2bn ( £1.5bn ) each year on managing 34m tonnes of waste . The National Zero Waste Council , a coalition of metropolitan governments and businesses , aims to shift policy and practice from waste management to waste prevention . In the past month , cities including Montreal , Ottawa and Calgary have backed the Council 's proposal for a federal tax incentive to encourage food producers and retailers to divert edible food from landfill to charities . “ The estimated value of food wasted across Canada is C $ 31bn ( £14.9bn ) or 2 % of GDP , ” a spokesperson says . “ The cost to businesses , and to municipalities that are responsible for managing organic waste , is significant . ”
New Hope Ecotech
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Brazil 's biggest garbage dump , which was located on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro , closed in 2012 . Photograph : Buda Mendes/STF/LatinContent/Getty Images
This Brazilian startup develops software for compiling and sharing recycling data . Brazil 's solid waste law requires firms placing consumer packaging on the market to invest in recycling . One of New Hope Ecotech 's digital platforms conveys data from recyclers to manufacturers for compliance purposes . More than 27,000 tonnes of recyclable material sorted by waste firms and cooperatives was reported on the platform in 2015 . The firm 's main current purpose is to help create transparency but in the future they plan to have a more direct influence on increasing recycling by making direct transfers of funds to recyclers , says co-founder Luciana Oliveira .
Tarkett
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tarkett , a manufaturer of sports surfaces , is using alternatives to toxic phthalates in its European and US factories . Photograph : Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
The presence of toxic chemicals in the recycling loop is a major challenge for the circular economy . PVC , one of the world 's most common plastics and which can be easily recycled , often contains phthalates . These additives , used to make PVC flexible , are toxic for human reproduction and development , and end up in consumer products when soft PVC is recycled . Tarkett , a French multinational that manufactures flooring and sports surfaces , uses alternatives to phthalates at its European and US factories , and aims to have rolled out the technology to all its production sites worldwide by 2020 .
Colombians in Bogota react Sunday after learning about the rejection of a peace deal with the FARC following a plebiscite . ( Nicolo Filippo Rosso/Bloomberg News )
On Sunday , Colombians narrowly defeated a peace agreement that would have ended more than 50 years of war between the government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) . The outcome was largely unexpected , both at home and abroad . Pollsters predicted that supporters of the deal would win . Many public figures supported peace .
But one prominent voice opposed the agreement : Colombia 's former two-term president Álvaro Uribe . A populist , far-right leader who supported a strong-arm approach to ending the conflict , Uribe argued that the deal was too lenient on the rebels and insisted that a tougher agreement was possible .
[ Colombia just voted ‘ no ' on its peace deal . Here 's why and what it means . ]
Uribe 's active campaigning against the peace deal and their success in helping to defeat it has helped secure their position as one of Colombia 's most important political figures .
One source of Uribe 's importance is their impassioned group of followers . These supporters , called uribistas , constitute a growing political movement with serious political and social implications for Colombia , as we can see in the defeat of the peace agreement .
[ Why Colombia 's peace agreement failed , and what we can expect now ]
Here 's how we know that Uribe is leading a movement
We took a nationally representative survey in May 2015 with 1,000 randomly selected participants . Measuring only in the conventional way , we found that a minority of Colombians openly affiliate with any party . The “ uribista ” party , Democratic Center ( CD in Spanish ) , has the largest proportion of those who said they sympathized with a political party . But this represented only 18.5 percent of the electorate . ( Consider that in the United States , 32 percent of citizens are currently affiliated with with the Democratic Party . ) The Liberal Party followed , with 13.3 percent of the electorate . The incumbent party , called the U Party , claimed 7.2 percent . But a large plurality of voters ( 45.3 percent ) did not identify with any party .
In other words , Colombians today are largely apartisan . But we suspected that many uribismo supporters do not openly affiliate with CD . CD was founded in 2013 and has participated in only one general election and one subnational election . What 's more , in general , Colombians reject and mistrust political parties . This is driven by a disconnect between citizen demands and partisan elites ' self-interests . That mistrust may make Colombians reluctant to openly endorse or participate in any party , even if they identify with what uribismo stands for — which includes a military defeat of the FARC and imprisonment of its leaders , as well as a conservative view of family values .
[ Colombia 's shock referendum may pull the plug on a Nobel Peace Prize ]
To test our theory , we asked respondents if they would vote for an uribista candidate for National Congress ; for regional government ; and for local government . This way we could measure support for ( and opposition toward ) the movement ( uribismo ) rather than that of the party created to sustain that movement ( CD ) .
Survey respondents could answer definitely yes , probably yes , probably no , definitely not or not sure .
Those who said they would “ definitely ” vote for an uribista candidate for all three public positions were categorized as “ hard-core uribistas , ” or what Colombians have come to call pure-blooded uribistas . These made up 23.4 percent of the sample , or almost five points more than the CD sympathizers ( 18.5 percent ) .
Those who responded that they would “ probably vote ” for an uribista candidate for all three public positions ( or any combination of “ definitely yes ” and “ probably yes ” ) were cataloged as “ leaning uribistas. ” These made up 17.1 percent of the sample .
[ What you need to know about Colombia 's historic peace accord with the FARC ]
Finally , those who answered they would “ definitely not ” vote for an uribista candidate for all three public positions were defined as “ anti-uribistas. ” These made up 31.7 percent of the sample .
Firm opponents are rarely considered when studying partisanship . But our data suggest that , in less institutionalized and/or polarized situations , negative partisans can affect their fellow voters and therefore who wins elections . By our measure , hard-core and leaning supporters outnumbered those who opposed uribismo .
We also asked how individuals ranked themselves ideologically , on a scale where 1 is extreme left and 7 extreme right . That 's how we learned that hard-core uribistas perceived themselves as further to the right ( 5.27 ) than CD sympathizers ( 5.17 ) did . Anti-uribistas were further to the left ( 4.13 ) , although they nearly aligned with the median voter ( 4.37 ) . Leaning uribistas fell between hard-core followers and the median voter , at 4.86 . These results were statistically significant .
Here 's why we conclude that ‘ uribistas ' defeated the peace agreement
What do these identities mean at the ballot box ? Are these points of view why the peace deal was voted down ? Only 37 percent of the electorate actually voted on Oct. 2 . If hard-core uribistas made up only 23.4 percent of the electorate , to defeat the deal , they 'd have had to vote at a higher rate than other Colombians . Did they ?
We believe that is quite plausible . In our 2015 survey , we asked :
Some people are willing to participate in a diverse set of activities to promote their political beliefs . I am going to list a series of activities . Tell me how acceptable or not each of these activities is to you in promoting your own political beliefs . Please use a scale of 1 to 7 , where 1 is not at all acceptable and 7 is very acceptable . [ The activities included are : Participate in a political party meeting ; Convince others to vote like you ; Participate in a legal protest ; Invade or damage private property ; Take over a building ; Block streets or highways ] .
Hard-core uribistas thought that participating in party meetings and persuading others to vote were more acceptable than did other Colombians . On average , core uribistas ranked participating in party meetings at 4.53 and persuading others to vote at 4.34 . Anti-uribistas , by contrast , ranked those at 2.78 and 2.42 , respectively .
[ In Colombia 's peace process , disarmament was a sticking point ]
From this , we conclude that hard-core uribistas are more politically active than their fellow citizens . And in a short campaign like that of the peace deal plebiscite – which lasted only five weeks – that matters . Those who campaigned for a “ yes ” vote came from a group that that 's less likely to be actively involved in parties and political persuasion . Uribistas were ready to organize , argue , and act for their beliefs . That may have pushed the vote over to “ No . ”
Jennifer Cyr is assistant professor of political science and Latin American studies at the University of Arizona . Carlos Meléndez is a post-doctoral researcher at Universidad Diego Portales in Chile .
Written by Alina Mae Wilson
A celebration of Stephen Sondheim 's musical Into the Woods will be presented on November 9th at California 's Segerstrom Center for the Arts . The evening will be part conversation and part musical selection and ( drumroll please ) will feature original cast members Bernadette Peters , Joanna Gleason , Chip Zien , Bernadette Peters , Robert Westenberg , Kim Crosby , Danielle Ferland , Ben Wright , and of course , the inestimable composer and lyricist Mr. Sondheim himself , as well as Bernadette Peters . So essentially every character you immediately think of when you think of Into the Woods .
For those unfamiliar with it , Into the Woods is a musical that intertwines the plots and the “ after happily ever afters ” of a number of well known Brothers Grimm fairy tales such as Cinderella , Little Red Riding Hood , Jack and the Beanstalk , and others . Winning several Tony Awards and earning critical acclaim the show was popular enough to inspire multiple stage productions , a live performance dvd release , a televised production , a Broadway revival in 2002 , and a film adaptation that will be coming out this Christmas .
Now far be it from me to speak for an enormous array of people , but I will tell you how it set up shop in * my * heart so effectively . While it is entirely possible for people to bring their 7 year olds to this show , this is a thinking story . I am pretty sure that most people will be able to follow the plot , but despite the magical universe in which everything takes place in , the main characters are given some very real personalities and some very real motivations . The detail and thought that went into helping us understand each person 's personal struggle and journey in the musical is amazing . This is due in large part to the lyrical work of Stephen Sondheim . The songs are just…deep . I mean , complex and all over the place and coming back together again and exactly the way an actual person 's thought process would be if they were truly thinking through that particular situation . When the character 's sing I do n't really feel as though they are trying to sing to impress the audience , I feel as though they are singing through their own mental blocks . And while the characters are real and identifiable there is something inherently comedic about listening to someone like Cinderella internally justify why they take certain actions .
Into the Woods was done back in 1987 , before everyone and their mother was doing a version of what “ really ” happened in fairy tale world . Some of these stories worked well ( Wicked ) and some did not ( Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters ) . In any case , Into the Woods was interesting , dramatic , funny . All the things that are needed at certain points in a stage show . It was darker than the fairy tales told me in my kindergarten class partly because I think they wanted to make it a more accurate reflection of reality and partly because they reincorporated certain elements of the original fairy tales . And the play is acted very , very well . Ms. Peters played the part to perfection , if there is such a thing . Stephen Sondheim themselves has been quoted as saying “ Bernadette is flawless as far as I 'm concerned . I ca n't think of anything negative. ” Stephen Sondheim is not known for passing out compliments like candy at Halloween . Everyone in the original cast was on top of it . Joanna Gleason actually won the Tony Award that year for their role as The Baker 's Wife . Everyone stood apart from everyone else as their own vitally important , independently motivated and surprisingly memorable character .
Finally the music . If you are only listening to one soundtrack from Sondheim , choose Into the Woods . So much of it is just so eerie , made eerier by Bernadette Peters . The music is largely introspective and while there is a definite beauty to listening to numbers like “ Giants in the Sky ” or “ Last Midnight ” the musical is short on the big band Disney numbers kids love .
The November celebration is going to be a giant interview combined with songs , not a full on show . And while I understand the desire to see Broadway performers in person singing songs they no longer really sing live , I recommend to everyone you see the actual show first . Not just because the show is the show but the understanding that comes from the songs is just so much more apparent if you can see it in context of the story . If you can just get ahold of the recorded 1987 production , you will probably form a connection with the characters that would be beneficial to you if you should be in the Segerstrom Center for the Arts on November 9th at 6 pm .
Side note : Are you aware of any other “ after happily ever after ” stories ? Good ones ? Bad ones ? Leave your comments below , and thanks for reading !
Ticket Info at the website :
http : //www.scfta.org/
Location & Dates :
800 Town Center Dr , Costa Mesa , CA 92626
11/9/2014
If you liked this article please subscribe by email on the front page at the bottom right of the page .
Democrata 's Joao Paulo was bitten on their arm by a police dog ( Picture : Leonardo Morais/Jornal Hoje em Dia )
Sink your teeth into this – a striker has been bitten by a military dog whilst playing in Brazil .
The unfortunate man at the centre of it all is Joao Paulo of Democrata , who took a nasty chomp on their left arm .
They soldiered on as their team lost 1-0 to Tupi in the regional league Campeonato Mineiro , in the state of Minas Gerais in the south of the country .
After playing on until the final whistle , Joao Paulo was taken to hospital for an anti-rabies vaccine .
There 's no word on the dog , however , which makes you fear the worst…
Joao Paulo lies on the ground receiving treatment ( Picture : Leonardo Morais/Jornal Hoje em Dia )
After getting bandaged up , the Democrata player played on for the rest of the game ( Picture : Leonardo Morais/Jornal Hoje em Dia )
Minneapolis Public Schools are implementing a new policy aimed at eliminating the gap between the races when it comes to suspensions . Nothing will change for white students , they will still be suspended at the discretion of each school 's principal . But for minority students , specifically black , Hispanic and Native American students , the Minneapolis Schools Superintendent 's office will personally review each case .
This new policy is part of an agreement with U.S. Department of Education 's Office of Civil Rights announced last week after an investigation into why minority students made up such a high percentage suspended students in the past .
Superintendent Bernadeia Johnson told NPR , “ I and all of my staff will start to review all non-violent suspensions of students of color , especially black boys , to understand why they 're being suspended so we can help intervene with teachers , student leaders and help give them the targeted support they need for these students . ”
In a press release announcing the new policy , which begins Monday , Johnson 's office said , “ Moving forward , every suspension of a black or brown student will be reviewed by the superintendent 's leadership team . The school district aims to more deeply understand the circumstances of suspensions with the goal of providing greater supports to the school , student or family in need . This team could choose to bring in additional resources for the student , family and school . ”
Johnson hopes to eliminate the “ nonviolent suspension gap ” by the year 2018 . “ To achieve this , ” the statement read , “ MPS must aggressively reduce the disproportionality between black and brown students and their white peers every year for the next four years . This will begin with a 25 percent reduction in disproportionality by the end of this school year ; 50 percent by 2016 ; 75 percent by 2017 ; and 100 percent by 2018 . ”
The ethnic make-up of Minneapolis schools is majority minority . According to data for the 2014-2015 school year , 33.8 percent of students are white , while 37.2 percent are black , 19.3 percent are Hispanic , and 3.8 percent are Native American . Asians represent 6.8 percent of the student body but were not mentioned by Superintendent Johnson as being impacted by this new policy .
How this policy of different standards for students of different races squares with the Supreme Court decision in Brown vs. Board of Education of Topeka remains to be seen , but court challenges are expected in the case .
The full statement from Minneapolis Public Schools is below :
Posted by coltsindianapolis on March 20 , 2015 – 11:30 am
The Indianapolis Colts today agreed to terms with unrestricted free agent inside linebacker Nate Irving .
Irving , 6-1 , 245 pounds , spent the past four seasons ( 2011-14 ) with the Denver Broncos , where they totaled 104 tackles ( 67 solo ) , 2.0 sacks , two passes defensed and 22 special teams stops in 54 regular season appearances ( 12 starts ) . In six playoff games ( three starts ) , they recorded nine tackles and one pass defensed . Last season , Irving started the first eight games and posted a career-high 44 tackles ( 25 solo ) and 1.0 sack before being placed on Injured Reserve on November 13 , 2014 .
In 2013 , Irving started 4-of-15 regular season games and opened all three postseason contests in the Broncos ' run to Super Bowl XLVIII . In 2012 , they tied for the team lead with 10 special teams tackles . Irving was originally selected by Denver in the third round ( 67th overall ) of the 2011 NFL Draft out of North Carolina State .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Posted in Colts Blog
Hours after repeating a line about wanting to “ injure that quarterback , ” Texas Longhorns Fox end Breckyn Hager issued an apology through the school that expressed contrition for their comments about Texas Tech Red Raiders quarterback Patrick Mahomes .
The situation drew national attention , as well as a response from Mahomes ' father , former major league pitcher Pat Mahomes .
Longhorn DE/OLB Breckyn Hager issues apology for comments made earlier at today 's press conference . # HookEm pic.twitter.com/1tO2rtaAhJ — Texas Football ( @ Longhorn_FB ) October 31 , 2016
While Hager 's effort level is commendable and beyond reproach , he 's going through a learning curve as a public representative for Texas football , so the apology represents the necessary first step for him .
Hager is a talented and compelling figure , so he 's earned the opportunity to address the media . Now they have to ensure that their words consistently reflect their own character and the character of the university .
J. V. Stalin
Answers to Four Questions from a Group of Editors of American Newspapers
31 March , 1952
Source : Works , Vol . 16
Publisher : Red Star Press Ltd. , London , 1986
Transcription/HTML Markup : Salil Sen for MIA , 2009
Public Domain : Marxists Internet Archive ( 2009 ) . You may freely copy , distribute , display and perform this work ; as well as make derivative and commercial works . Please credit `` Marxists Internet Archive '' as your source .
Q . Is a third world war presently as near as two or three years away ?
A . No , it is not .
Q . Would a meeting of heads of state of the great powers be useful ?
A . Possibly , it would be useful .
Q . Are you of the opinion that the present times are appropriate for Germany 's unification ?
A . Yes , I am of that opinion .
Q . On what basis is it possible for capitalism and communism to live side by side ?
A . It is possible for capitalism and communism to live side by side if both sides wish to cooperate and the readiness to do so exists , to fulfil the duties they have taken on themselves , if its basis is complete equality and noninterference in the internal “ affairs of other states .
J. STALIN
( `` Unity , '' 5 May , 1952 , P. 417 )
Christian vlogger caught in Ashley Madison scandal kicked out of conference for `` threatening violence '' Sam Rader claims they only threatened one person , but other attendees disagree
US Weekly 's Joyce Chen reports that viral Christian vlogger Sam Rader -- who last week posted a video in which they apologized to their wife , Nia , for having an account on the cheating site Ashley Madison -- was ejected from the Seattle Vlogger Fair for `` threatening violence '' against other attendees .
Sam and Nia rose to national prominence as the humble couple behind the `` Good Looking Parents Sing Disney 's Frozen '' video , which has been viewed over 21 million times to date . Earlier this month , Sam posted a video in which they `` shocked '' their wife with the news that they were pregnant -- but that joy was short-lived , as three days later the couple posted another video in which they claim that they had miscarried . Many on Twitter openly wondered whether the miscarriage was n't staged , and it was comments of this sort that allegedly led to Rader threatening other attendees at Vlogger Fair .
Advertisement :
Gawker 's Allie Jones spoke to Rader about the incident at Vlogger Fair , and they admitted that they had been asked to leave the conference , but it was n't because he 'd threatened multiple people -- just one . `` It was one person , and I did n't make a threat , '' they said . `` What happened was there was a couple of fellow vloggers who had ridiculed our family on Twitter regarding the method we were mourning the loss , our miscarriage on Twitter . ''
However , they also told Jones that `` if I made a threat , it was to the one person , and it was , ‘ You need to watch out before they mess with my family . ' '' According to another vlogger in attendance , Sam was threatening multiple vloggers :
Others were equally critical :
The couple have not posted a vlog as of this morning , nor have they been tweeting with the frequency to which their fans have become accustomed .
Jakarta : Australia and Indonesia are considering joint patrols in the highly sensitive South China Sea amid escalating tensions in the region over the hotly-contested waters .
China claims almost all of the South China Sea , through which about $ US5 trillion worth of maritime trade passes each year , but five other countries have conflicting claims .
Indonesian Minister Ryamizard Ryacudu said they had proposed a `` peace patrol '' with Australia in the South China Sea to `` bring peace '' and combat illegal fishing when the two countries ' defence ministers met in Bali last week .
`` It 's a joint patrol or coordinated patrol , it 's the same thing , '' Mr Ryamizard told reporters . `` There are no intentions to disrupt the relationship ( with China ) . It is called a peace patrol , it brings peace . It is about protecting fish in each other 's areas . ''
Finally finished my 'Top Bolt ' comic , it feels like a long time ago that the actual episode was out . Originally this was going to be like one maybe 2 frames , and then after re-watching the episode a few times I had some ideas about how to take it further , so I added one frame and then another . Pinkie probably could have had their own frame , but I did n't think of that until after I was done their line art . I really like the funky backgrounds for these frames . I think they look cool and they are way less work to do than drawing out buildings and castles etc , but I feel like there is n't a well defined setting here , so I 'm going to work on that for future comics . After assembling everything and writing in the text I am really noticing that the narrative does n't flow as well as it did in my head , its more like a series of loosely related jokes than an actual story , but I 'm going to work on that going forward . Still I hope you enjoy it ! I still chuckle at it a bit after spending a whole bunch of hours on it , which is usually a good sign .
Essendon Football Club is excited to announce a new partnership and apparel program from 2017 .
The new program , to be officially launched mid-season , includes a new long term partnership that is set to be the largest apparel partnership in AFL history and the biggest in Australian sport .
Essendon CEO Xavier Campbell said the long-term deal would create a step change in the apparel category .
“ This is a significant partnership and a very exciting and innovative apparel model for the future , ” Campbell said .
“ The partnership is a seven year deal with a leading apparel brand that will continue to provide our players with high performance on-field garments and our members and supporters with an extensive merchandise range reflecting great quality and global trends .
“ As part of the new apparel program , the Club will explore partnerships in new categories . ”
adidas and Essendon will not extend their partnership beyond the 2016 season .
“ We would like to acknowledge adidas for partnering with the Club over the past 8 years , ” Campbell said .
“ There have been many highlights and innovations during our partnership with adidas including the TAC Seatbelt Guernsey , ANZAC Day Guernsey and our Heritage Guernsey . ”
“ On behalf of everyone at the Essendon Football Club , we would like to thank adidas for a great partnership ”
For part 1 , see here . For part 2 , see here
Reliability
The machine is now capable of running un-attended for hours on end , which is a huge milestone . No more jamming or other nastiness that causes me to interrupt a run . Many little things contributed to this , I 've looked at all the mechanics and figured out all the little things that went wrong one by one and have come up with solutions for them . Some of those were pretty weird , for instance very small Lego pieces went off the transport belt with such high velocities that they could end up pretty much everywhere , the solution for this was to moderate the duration of the puff relative to the size of the component and to make a skirt along the side of the transport belt to make sure that pieces do n't land on the return side of the belt which would cause them to get caught under the roller .
Speed
The machine is now twice as fast , this due to a pretty simple change , I 've doubled the number of drop-off bins from 6 to 12 , which reduces the number of passes through the machine . It now takes just 3 passes to get the Lego sorted in the categories below . This required extending the pneumatics with another 6 valves , another manifold and a bunch of wiring and tubing , the expanded controller now looks like this :
I 've also ground off the old legs from the base ( the treadmill ) and welded on new ones to give a little bit more space to accomodate the new bins , but that 's pretty boring metal work .
Accuracy
The image database is now approximately 60K images of parts , this has had a positive effect on the accuracy of the recognition , fairly common parts now have very high recognition accuracy , less common parts reasonably high ( > 95 % ) , rare parts are still very poor but as more parts pass through the machine the training set gets larger and in time accuracy should improve further . Judging by the increase in accuracy from 16K images to 60K images there is something of a diminishing rate of return here and it will likely be that by the time we reach 98-99 % accuracy there will be well over a million images in the training set .
Software
I 've reduced the image size a bit in the horizontal dimension , from 640 pixels wide to 320 wide . Now that I have more data to work with this seems to give better results , the difference is n't huge but it is definitely reproducible . The RESNET50 network still seems to give the best compromise between accuracy and training speed . I 've added some utilities to make it easier to merge new samples into the existing dataset , to detect ( and correct ) classification errors and to drive the valve solenoids in a more precise way to make sure that valves reliably open and close for precisely determined amounts of time . This also helps a lot in making sure that parts do n't shoot all over the room .
Mechanics
Overall the machine works well but I 'm still not happy with the hopper and the first stage belt . It is running much slower than the speed at which the parts recognizer works ( 30 parts / second ) and I really would like to come up with something better . I 've looked at vibrating bowl feeders and even though they are interesting they are noisy and tend to be set up for one kind of part only . They 're also too slow . If anybody has a bright idea on how to reliably feed the parts then please let me know , it 's a hard problem for which I 'm sure there is some kind of elegant and simple solution . I just have n't found one yet : )
Media
The project has had tremendous coverage from all kinds of interesting publications , IEEE Spectrum had an article , lots of internet based publications listed or linked it ( for instance : Mental Floss , Endgadget , Mashable ) . If you have published or know about another article about the sorter please let me know and I 'll add it to the list .
Of course I have this totally backwards
Starting by buying Lego , sorting it and then thinking about how to best sell the end result is the exact opposite of how you should approach any kind of project , but truth be told I 'm in this far more for the technical challenge than for the commercial part . That leaves me with a bit of a problem : The sorter is working so well now that I am actually sitting on piles of sorted Lego that would probably make someone happy . But I have absolutely no idea if the sort classes that I 'm currently using are of interest .
So if you 're a fanatical Lego builder I 'd very much like to hear from you how you would like to buy Lego parts in somewhat larger quantities , say from 500 Grams ( roughly one pound ) and up . Another thing I would like to know is where you 're located so I can figure out shipping and handling .
As you can see right now the sorting is mostly by functional groups , slopes with slopes , bricks with bricks and so on . But there are many more possibilities to sort lego , for instance by color . Please let me know in what quantity and what kind of groupings would be the most useful to you as a Lego builder .
My twitter is at twitter.com/jmattheij and my email address is jacques @ mattheij.com , here are some pictures of what the current product classes look like , but these can fairly easily be changed if there is demand for other mixes .
Technic :
Fences :
Space and Aircraft :
Slopes :
Wedge plates :
Vehicle parts :
Wheels :
1 wide bricks :
1 wide plates , modified :
1 wide plates :
Hinges and couplers :
Minifigs and minifig accessories :
2 wide plates :
Tiles :
Round :
Decorated :
Arches :
Plates 6 wide :
Plates 4 wide :
Baseplates :
Bricks 2 wide :
Doors and windows :
Construction equipment :
Brackets :
Cupboards :
Bricks 1 wide , modified :
Macaroni pieces :
Corner pieces :
Turntables :
Flags :
Vegetation :
Wedges :
Helicopter blades :
Stepped pieces :
Federal Government under internal pressure to scrap Renewable Energy Target costs for aluminium industry
Updated
A call from Federal Government backbenchers to scrap Renewable Energy Target ( RET ) costs for the aluminium industry is understood to have the Environment Minister 's support .
Twenty-five Coalition backbenchers have signed a letter to Greg Hunt and Industry Minister Ian Macfarlane calling for aluminium production to be fully exempt from the target from next year .
The RET is designed to ensure Australia gets 20 per cent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2020 . Aluminium smelting already gets a partial exemption from RET costs .
Victorian Liberal backbencher Dan Tehan is leading the charge for a 100 per cent exemption and says the industry forecasts it will be paying up to $ 80 million a year in RET costs by 2017 .
`` They are concerned that there has been a smelter that has closed in the last two years , one which is scheduled to close this year , '' they said .
Norsk Hydro mothballed its Kurri Kurri smelter in New South Wales in 2012 , and Alcoa is closing its Point Henry smelter in August .
Mr Tehan says aluminium smelting should be treated as a special case because it uses so much energy .
`` The amount of electricity they use in production means that they stand alone when it comes to the cost that the RET imposes on them , '' they said .
They say the industry is also important for the stability of the electricity grid .
`` For instance the smelter in Tasmania uses 25 per cent of the electricity in Tasmania , in Victoria it 's roughly 10 per cent , '' they said .
The Government says it remains committed to the RET but the ABC understands Mr Hunt believes the push regarding aluminium is sensible .
Australia on track to reach RET : Origin Energy
Falling energy demand has some predicting Australia will well exceed the 2020 target .
Origin Energy quotes figures indicating Australia is on track for 27 per cent of its energy to come from renewable sources by then .
Mr Tehan says the aluminium industry has done modelling showing Australia could still meet the 2020 target , even if it was granted a 100 per cent exemption from RET costs .
A Government-commissioned review of the RET is due soon but crucial cross-bencher Clive Palmer has dealt a blow to anyone hoping it will lead to a lower target , saying they will not support changes until after the next election .
Mr Tehan says they are particularly concerned about the RET costs the industry faces because the Portland Aluminium smelter is in their electorate .
They say the smelter employs 725 people and accounts for about 10 per cent of the electricity used in Victoria .
Portland Aluminium is a joint venture managed by Alcoa .
The company has not indicated plans to close it or cut jobs but Mr Tehan says the industry as a whole is under pressure .
`` With the dollar where it is , with the aluminium price where it is , there are pressures on the sector and if we 're putting additional costs on the sector as well there is the potential for the industry to be hurt ... that 's why I 'm speaking out now , '' they said .
Tasmanian MPs point to Bell Bay smelter as case for exemption
Tasmania 's Premier Will Hodgman has added their voice to the call to exempt Rio Tinto 's Bell Bay smelter .
They argue the state 's aluminium producers are a special case .
`` It 's critical though that Tasmania is recognised for leading the way in renewable energy , and we 've made significant investments over many decades , '' they said .
`` Equally we 've got important employers in Tasmania who themselves are making considerable effort to reduce their environmental impact .
`` We need to argue strongly as we 're doing to have them exempted from this regime . ''
The petition has also been signed by Tasmanian Liberal MPs Andrew Nikolic and Eric Hutchison as well as Queensland Nationals MP Ken O'Dowd .
Mr Hutchison says the smelter in northern Tasmania is a significant employer in the state .
It uses about a quarter of the energy generated by the state 's major power company , Hydro Tasmania .
`` It 's such an important sector ; jobs are so vital in this part of the world . Anything that actually is a burden on that we should be looking to support . ''
The Bell Bay smelter 's general manager Ray Mostgol said earlier this month energy made up about 30 per cent of smelting costs and the RET requirements were compromising the industry 's sustainability .
The smelter , which employs 500 people , has cut 20 per cent of its workforce in the past two years and reduced costs by $ 250 million because of historically low prices .
Mr Nikolic says the exemption would save the business about $ 10 million a year and should be ongoing .
`` Tasmania is unique as well because the power we use in Tasmania is over 80 per cent renewable energy so from my perspective I think this should be a continuing thing in the future , '' they said .
But the previous Labor government 's climate change adviser , Ross Garnaut , says the aluminium industry should not get a full exemption from RET costs .
`` To exclude the aluminium industry from the costs of the Renewable Energy certificates but to allow them to gain from wholesale prices being lower would just be to take business entitlement to a new level , '' they said .
Topics : federal-government , electricity-energy-and-utilities , alternative-energy , federal-parliament , australia
First posted
Still , simply rejecting deals is not so simple , Mr. Segal and others say . Wall Street sometimes pushes for such deals to go through , arguing that American companies can use Chinese money to invest or save jobs . Steven Mnuchin , a Wall Street veteran , is Mr. Trump 's pick to be Treasury secretary , heading a department with considerable say over the advisory panel .
The panel is crucial to the outcome of future deals . Created in 1975 by President Gerald Ford , it includes representatives from 16 executive departments and intelligence agencies including Commerce , Defense , Justice and Homeland Security . It judges whether a foreign investment in companies with operations or business in the United States poses unacceptable security risks . Because its deliberations are confidential , little about it has been made public .
Just the prospect of such an investigation can be enough to kill a deal . Under Mr. Obama , its scrutiny scotched Chinese deals for a European lighting-panel maker and an American manufacturer of microchips .
But China has already been testing ways to get around the panel . Such methods do not necessarily give Chinese buyers access to crucial technology , but experts say they could open a route to access down the road .
In some cases , it has struck other types of deals with Western companies , like licensing agreements , outside of the panel 's jurisdiction . When the panel opposed a Chinese bid for the American semiconductor firm GCS Holdings this summer , the American company instead signed a joint venture to make chips with its would-be buyer . GCS makes an advanced chip with military uses .
A spokesperson for GCS said the joint venture makes products like cellphone chips that have long been commercially available , and that it follows U.S. government guidelines for all technology exports , whether sensitive or not .
In another case , the Chinese buyer appeared to be testing how far it could push the panel .
In September 2015 , Tsinghua Unigroup , the main corporate vehicle for China 's microchip ambitions , offered $ 3.8 billion for a board seat and a 15 percent stake in Western Digital , a maker of hard-disk drives . Lawyers who specialize in Committee on Foreign Investment law say the deal structure was unusual : The size of the stake walked the line of where the panel has investigated in the past , and the agreement had a clause that allowed either side to call it off if the panel became involved .
From : Kevin [ Email him ]
I enjoyed James Fulford 's article on SALON 's Brittney Cooper as I have been reading their articles for a while . I would like to point out an other article they wrote after the Ferguson non-indictment . In it they make the statement :
`` Is anyone else tired of wandering in this wilderness ? Surely this land of broken promises is n't what Dr. King had in mind for us . Hopefully , from the fiery furnace of Ferguson , the floating embers will spark and spread and blaze us a new trail – up out of this madness . Did you expect me to call for peace ? Did you expect me to condemn looting and property damage ? Did you expect me to preach at the people about being constructive rather than destructive ? Peaceful protests have been happening for over 100 days . But white folks only really pay attention if they fear they have something to lose . Smoke flares in their nostrils , because then they are confronted with the possibility of charred , burning , white flesh . No more water . The fire next time . '' ( bold is mine )
See the article on Salon : I am utterly undone : My struggle with black rage and fear after Ferguson , November 25 , 2014 .
This is before what happened to Jessica Chambers in Mississippi . [ See JESSICA CHAMBERS : Teen Murdered Immediately After Local Blacks Called For Rape & Burning Of White Women , December 12 , 2014 ]
James Fulford writes : It may have been before that specific incident , but it 's after a number of burning attacks—see Ten white people set afire in recent months , DailyKenn.com , December 9 , 2014 .
Dr. Brittney Cooper , email her , is Assistant Professor of Women 's and Gender Studies and Africana Studies at Rutgers , and has written many hate-filled and inaccurate articles for Salon . She 's also called for attacks on Officer Darren Wilson and their family :
“ Beyond shock , I continue to be appalled at the extensive lengths to which the police have gone to protect Officer Darren Wilson and their family from any public reproach or reprisal in Mike 's death . They delayed the release of their name in order to provide them enough time to leave town. ” Salon 's Brittney Cooper Doubles Down , Says Darren Wilson 's Family Should 've Faced Public “ Reprisal ” , Michael Luciano on August 19 , 2014
It 's an example of extreme double standards that either VDARE.com or Amren.com are considered “ hate sites ” , but Salon , whose hate is so blatant , obvious and violent , is not .
It 's news to me , however , that Salon has started calling for white people to be burned alive . I wonder if it 's news to Dr. Cooper 's employers at Rutgers University ? Email Robert Barchi , President of Rutgers , and ask him .
Miami Dolphins coach Joe Philbin is n't worried about the injury status of two of their offense 's biggest potential contributors for 2015 despite their significant injury issues .
Left tackle Branden Albert , recovering from reconstructive knee surgery , is on schedule with their return to the field and that means they might pass their physical when players report on Wednesday . The expectation is they will not be on the physically unable to perform list for the start of camp .
`` The hope is -- and once we get guys through physicals when they come in in a couple days we 'll know more -- but the hope is to move them out of the rehab portion and into the football portion , '' Philbin said Saturday . `` And we have to do it in a way that makes sense . It 's not going to be first day , every team rep , here we go , let 's do an Oklahoma drill and let them and the guys whack people around . That 's step one . Getting them out of the rehab mode and into the football practice mode and in the gradual progression of getting back . ''
Albert has set the first game of the regular season as their timetable for returning to the field . Philbin is perhaps a bit more optimistic because the coach is thinking Albert could play in the preseason .
`` The perfect scenario is got them some work in some preseason game and get them ready to play first , '' Philbin said .
Rookie wide receiver DeVante Parker , recovering from foot surgery , is not going to be ready for practice at the start of training camp . They are a candidate for the physically unable to perform list .
`` Whenever the medical staff tells us he 's ready to go we 'll get them out there , '' Philbin said . `` ... Hopefully , we 'll get them back sooner as opposed to later . ''
Despite the fact Parker wo n't be 100 percent in time for Thursday 's first training camp practice , the coach has little doubt he 'll be ready for the regular season .
`` It 's hard to predict if Week One he 'll be ready for 30 snaps or 60 snaps , '' Philbin said . `` It 's hard to put a number on it yet . We 're not there yet . He 's back in town . Right now he 's been working , doing what they can do . And you got to let that stuff heal . ''
In the meantime , the Dolphins can use Parker 's rehab time to get a better sense of the rest of their wide receiver talent and perhaps even experiment with tight ends .
`` We 're going to look at different combinations . I think we still have a talented room there with [ Kenny ] Stills , [ Jarvis ] Landry , [ Greg ] Jennings . And [ Rishard ] Matthews . We 've got [ Matt ] Hazel , '' Philbin said. `` Dion Sims it appears is continuing to develop so maybe we 'll look at more two-tight end combinations with fewer receivers on the field . But obviously the focus is got [ Parker ] medically ready to roll and schematically , to the degree we can , we 'll keep them engaged in the meantime . ''
[ BLOG NOTE : Yes , I am back from vacation . Thanks for all the kind emails and Twitter messages asking about my return . Check back often for updates ... ]
[ BLOG NOTE 2 : Matthews was not included earlier among the group of receiver mentioned by the coach because it is not clear on tape whether the coach mentioned him . But enhancing the audio suggests Philbin did mention them between Jennings and Hazel . ]
Dick Smith stores to close after receivers fail to find buyer ; almost 3,000 jobs lost
Updated
The founder of Dick Smith electronics says greed caused the business ' downfall , as stores across Australia and New Zealand prepare to close over the next eight weeks .
Key points : Closures will result in loss of 2,460 staff in Australia , 430 in New Zealand
Receivers did not receive any `` acceptable '' buyer offers
Employee entitlements expected to be paid in full
The company was forced to announce the closures after its receivers were unable to find a suitable buyer for the company .
The remaining 301 stores in Australia and 62 in New Zealand will close , resulting in the loss of 2,460 staff in Australia , and 430 in New Zealand .
In a statement to the Australian Securities Exchange , receivers Ferrier Hodgson said it was a disappointing outcome .
`` While we received a significant number of expressions of interest from local and overseas parties , unfortunately the sale process has not resulted in any acceptable offers for the group as a whole or for Australia or New Zealand as standalone businesses , '' receiver James Stewart said .
`` The offers were either significantly below liquidation values or highly conditional or both . ''
The receivers said all Australian employee entitlements would rank as priority and are expected to be paid in full .
The chickens come home to roost and now lots of people have lost money and lots of staff have lost jobs Founder Dick Smith
Dick Smith founded the company nearly 50 years ago but sold it in the 1980s to Woolworths , who sold it to the private equity firm Achorage Capital Partners in 2012 .
`` When it was changed to a consumer electronics business it probably could remain viable with 100 shops , '' they said .
`` But when you have the utter greed of modern capitalism , when they opened 300 shops , basically the writing was on the wall — it 's going to go broke .
`` It 's this ridiculous formula we have that we have to have perpetual growth when it 's impossible . ''
Mr Smith said they were angry and disappointed that it was closing — laying the blame at the feet of the owners .
`` It was taken over by Anchorage Capital who paid $ 90 million for it which was probably what it was worth and then they floated it 18 months later for $ 500 million , '' they said .
`` Now anyone would know that 's impossible .
`` The chickens come home to roost and now lots of people have lost money and lots of staff have lost jobs . ''
Dick Smith 'did not fit into retail landscape '
Forager Funds Management chief investment officer Steve Johnson told the ABC it was a terrible time for those who worked to turn the situation around .
`` There was some hope , but when you go into receivership you have a matter of weeks to sell the business , '' they said .
`` The longer this went on the more likely [ you are ] to see a liquidation rather than a sale . ''
They said there were offers from buyers but they were far below what the receivers thought they could get from liquidation .
Mr Johnson said the closure was an indication of the tough market , and that the brand did not belong .
`` The Dick Smith business does not fit into the Australian retail landscape , it 's been in decline for a long time , '' they said .
Mr Johnson said there were businesses going bust `` all over the place '' but because this was a recognised brand name , it gained more attention .
Last month the electronics retailer went into receivership after sales and cash generation were below expectations in the key December trading period .
Dick Smith said at the time the directors were unable to secure support from the company 's bankers to provide finance for restocking to see it through the next month to six weeks .
That prompted them to appoint McGrathNicol as administrators to run the firm while restructuring or sale options were explored .
However , after the appointment of administrators , Dick Smith 's lenders appointed receivers , Ferrier Hodgson , to run the firm and protect their financial interests .
Earlier this month the Fair Work Ombudsman launched an investigation after evidence emerged the failed chain might have underpaid its employees .
Ferrier Hodgson discovered the discrepancies , worth as much as $ 2 million .
Topics : business-economics-and-finance , retail , australia , new-zealand
First posted
Three men and one woman arrested on suspicion of travelling to or supporting fighting in war zones
Police have arrested four people in Manchester and Oxford suspected of being involved in terrorism-related offences linked to Syria .
The arrests on Tuesday are the latest in a series as concerns mount over the number of Britons travelling to the war-torn Middle East country .
Officers from the north-west counter-terrorism unit ( NWCTU ) arrested two men aged 29 and 18 in Levenshulme , Manchester , and a 21-year-old woman in Trafford , Greater Manchester . A 29-year-old man in Oxford was detained by the south-east counterterrorism unit .
The four arrested are in custody in Manchester and being questioned by officers from the NWCTU on suspicion of being involved in travelling to or supporting fighting in war zones . Police said a number of properties were being searched .
The head of the NWCTU , Detective Chief Superintendent Tony Mole , said : `` The operation has been running since autumn 2013 , since we first became aware of a number of individuals travelling from the north-west to the battlefields of Syria … We look at every case on its own merits , but travelling to a war zone in order to be involved in conflict , or supporting those who do so , could make you potentially liable to prosecution for terrorism offences . As well as posing a risk to themselves , there is the very real threat that they could pose a danger to our own communities when they return to the UK . '' They said that there were concerns that people travelling to Syria , whether for humanitarian reasons or to support the Syria opposition , may be targeted by extremist groups who want to recruit them .
Last month , counter-terrorism police searched the Manchester home of 20-year-old Anil Khalil Raoufi , who is believed to have been killed fighting in Syria . It is estimated that about 250 Britons may have gone to Syria to fight , and police say they are arresting increasing numbers of people either on their way to fight or suspected of links to the conflict .
An uprising against the Syrian president Bashar al-Assad began three years ago and has become increasingly bloody with a number of jihadist groups joining the fight to bring down the regime . The UN 's human rights office said last July – since when it has stopped updating its death toll – that at least 100,000 people have been killed in the conflict .
Britain 's most senior terrorism prosecutor , Sue Hemming , has said that Britons who travelled to fight in Syria against Bashar al-Assad could face life sentences under terrorism offences on their return to the UK .
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The Campaign Legal Center ( CLC ) has filed new evidence with the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) alleging that the super PAC Make America Number 1 made illegal contributions to Donald Trump 's presidential campaign .
The CLC wrote in a letter to the FEC :
CLC 's complaint alleged that Make America Number 1 appeared to have paid compensation to Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon ( now White House chief strategist ) via payments to the firms Glittering Steel LLC and Cambridge Analytica , which are incorporated or have been paid at the same address as Bannon 's consulting firm , Bannon Strategic Advisors , Inc.1 During that same period , as Bannon worked asTrump campaign CEO , Donald J. Trump for President , Inc. did not report any payments to Bannon directly .
There is reason to believe that these payments constituted Make America Number 1paying compensation to Bannon for their personal services rendered to the Trump campaign , which must be treated as in-kind contributions to the Trump campaign .
In other words , Steve Bannon was paid through illegal super PAC contributions to Donald Trump 's presidential campaign .
“ The evidence suggests that the Mercer-backed super PAC secretly subsidized Bannon 's work for the Trump campaign by payments to ‘ Glittering Steel , ' which we now know has been chaired and is owned by Bannon and which paid them a monthly consulting fee , ” said Brendan Fischer , director of the federal and FEC reform program at the Campaign Legal Center .
At a time when the White House is under federal investigation for colluding with a hostile foreign power to manipulate a US presidential election , illegal campaign contributions might not seem like such a big deal , but when the President Of The United States and their top adviser are accused of violating federal law , it is a major problem for the administration .
If Democrats win back control of the House or the Senate in 2018 , they may have a wide variety of potential Trump crimes to investigate . The Russia scandal is the center of the dark cloud that is hanging over this administration , but following the money , investigators may find that Russia is just a part of the criminal activity that it took to get Donald Trump into the White House .
If you 're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team , sign up for our newsletter here ! Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
Sen. Ted Cruz ( center left ) and Sarah Palin ( Joshua Roberts/Reuters )
Seeing photos of Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Tex . ) and Sarah Palin together at yesterday 's problematic Million Vets March , I am reminded how very alike the two are . Both of them crave media attention . Both of them blame the media for their travails . And they wallow in a feeling of unfounded aggrievement . No wonder Palin endorsed Cruz during their 2012 Senate primary race . Thankfully , Palin has not been in a position to exercise hypocrisy on a grand scale like Cruz has .
When I mentioned to a congressional source yesterday that the first-term senator with degrees from Princeton and Harvard Law is this political season 's version of the 2008 vice presidential nominee who frightened the nation with their woeful lack of preparation for being a heartbeat away from the presidency , my source agreed , saying that Cruz is Sarah Palin , “ only smarter . ”
May their political star equal the dull shimmer of theirs sooner rather than later .
Follow Jonathan on Twitter : @ Capehartj
Defensive co-ordinator Mark Nelson says the arrow is pointing up on the quality and depth of Canadian talent on the field for the Ottawa Redblacks .
Case in point : Defensive end John Biewald , a local kid who made play after play during their Canadian Interuniversity Sport career with the Western Mustangs and is now looking great in a Canadian Football League environment .
Said Nelson : “ I like him . They just does everything right … they can do a lot of things . Guys like that , they make it where you ca n't cut them because they do too much and they do it too good . They have been a pleasant surprise , but not really a surprise because that 's why we brought them here .
“ I 've talked about this with another coach . I would n't want to be a Canadian on this team because we 've got a bunch of real good ones . It 's going to be tough . ”
It 's still less than a week into training camp , but Nelson says the competition for jobs has been stiff .
“ We had a pretty good defence last year , ” they said . “ We lost a lot of kids , but the kids we brought in are good . We 're just getting better and better .
“ ( Defensive back Forrest ) Hightower came last year , had a great training camp and had a good year . Imoan ( Claiborne ) is doing the same thing . They had a great off-season . That 's a prime example as a professional . The off-season is your time to get better . They used their time well and they have come in and been a heckuva lot better than they were last year . ”
Rookie LB Brown appreciates challenge
Kevin Brown figures he 's a good fit in the CFL .
The rookie linebacker , who 's trying to earn a roster spot with the Ottawa Redblacks , is a former defensive back , so things like the wider CFL field and a pass-first offensive philosophy should n't require much of an adjustment for the former University of Cincinnati Bearcat .
“ I love playing in the box , I love playing out of the box , ” they said . “ This is perfect , I 'm sideline to sideline , I 'm everywhere . Like I was telling the coach the other day , I appreciate a new challenge . I feel like I 'm starting from scratch , like I 'm in my first-year student year of college . It brings out even more of the competitive drive in me to get better every day . ”
In the next week or two , the Redblacks will start to sort out who figures into their mix for the 2017 season .
“ No part of me is nervous , ” said Brown . “ I can only control what I can control . I know if I go out , play hard and do what I know I can do … It 's up to them to make that decision whether I can fit into this team . My mindset has been the same since Day 1 : Give 100-per-cent effort , know what I 'm doing and make plays . And I 'm going to keep doing that until the day I 'm done with football . ”
tbaines @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/TimCBaines
Editorial comment :
IMO there is a private understanding among DJT /Putin/Iran and Bashar Assad as to the desired outcome in Syria . :
It is reported that the State Department and DoD were `` blindsided '' by Trump 's instruction for them to stop supplying the SDF/YPG with arms and munitions . This fits with information reaching me from the field that CENTCOM has been ordered to cease kinetic air operations west of the Euphrates River The head of SDF/YPG has now indicated willingness to accept integration into the SAA in a post war federated Syria . Avigdor Lieberman the Israeli Minister of Defense has now stated that there are no Iranian combat units in Syria only advisors , logistic people and trainers , and that Israeli concern is for a future Iranian presence . That is a marked softening of previous Israeli positions . The Astana process and a constitutional and legislative conference in Damascus seem to be making progress . Putin and Assad met last week in Sochi for a `` come to poppa '' style meeting at which understandings were reached . HTS and IS are busy chopping each other up in the giant Idlib pocket . A clean up there can be expected once the mopping up between Deir al-Zor and Al-Qaim is completed . The Turks are reduced to muttering their usual snarls about what they expect or do not expect from people like Trump . In this case Erdoğan hints darkly at yet more ill will if the Trump allows the Kurds to be further armed . I do n't think Trump cares at all about the Kurds and no much about Turkey . Why should he ? Syrian refugees are returning in large numbers from exile .
IMO the DEAL will include autonomy for the Syrian Kurds within a re-united Syria . There will be a new constitution that will modernize a number of outdated restrictions as to inclusiveness in Syrian government . There will then be internationally supervised national elections in which Bashar Assad will be re-elected by an electorate that includes refugees in Jordan , Turkey and Europe . pl
Papa Vinyard here , now here 's a little somethin ' for ya ...
We have our first look at Kriv Stenders ( the Australian family film RED DOG ) KILL ME THREE TIMES ( courtesy of the THR print edition , by way of Indiewire ) via this look at Simon Pegg brandishing a rifle in all black . He 'll be playing an assassin ( with an impeccable mustache ) who is hired to kill a rich man 's singer wife , played by Alice Braga . It 's something of an ensemble film , which is told from three different perspectives , and also features Teresa Palmer , Sullivan Stapleton , and Bryan `` I 'll bet my bile duct '' Brown .
I love that Pegg has gone from portraying slackers with dreams of being badass to playing ACTUAL badasses . Methinks if Tim Bisley imagined themselves as a hitman in their own mind ( with enough time passed since PULP FICTION , of course ) , he 'd look something like Pegg 's character seen above ; the getup , the posing , and the simplicity of the desert setting are all excellently glorifying , and completely sells me on the film ( and Pegg 's role in it ) without knowing much else about it .
While the premise is n't quite as attention-grabbing as that pic , it 's intriguing , and I do n't know enough about Stenders of first-time writer James McFarland to gauge what kind of movie it 'll end up being . The multiple perspective thing can be done well , and the Australian landscape makes a huge impact when it plays a part in the proceedings in and of itself ( as it does in the MAD MAXs and THE PROPOSITION…but maybe not in the same manner ) . Hopefully , the finished product will be more RASHOMON than VANTAGE POINT .
KILL ME THREE TIMES has either recently wrapped or is wrapping production , and will be released sometime in 2014 .
-Vincent Zahedi
” Papa Vinyard ”
vincentzahedi @ gmail.com
Follow Me On Twitter
Thought owning a private island or beach would be cool ? How about an entire town ? With many small towns struggling to avoid bankruptcy and attract residents in today 's distressed housing market , a few are looking to unload their zip codes onto someone else .
Tomorrow , April 5 , at noon MT , the town of Buford , Wyoming off highway I-80 will be auctioned off through the Oklahoma-based auction house Williams & Williams , with bids starting at $ 100,000 . True , the town is tiny . It has a population of one – a 61-year-old man named Don Sammons , who has lived in Buford for over 30 years and bought the town in 1992 . It 's also flat and windy , has the highest elevation – 8,000 – of any community on I-80 , and temperatures can get well below freezing .
But Buford includes a post office , gas station , trading post , a cellular tower , five whole buildings , and Summons is even throwing in a plow . You 'd also get your own zip code ( 82052 ) , and can name the streets whatever you want . How 's that for bragging rights ?
Buford is n't the only town up for sale at the moment . For bigger spenders , the town of Pray , Montana , was listed last month for $ 1.4 million by the town 's mayor and owner Barbara Walker , and has eight residents , 12 dogs , a trailer park and a post office . “ I 'm the sheriff and the garbage control and the animal control officer , ” Walker told The Daily . And now , it could all be yours .
New research finds that children who are obese may find that they will continue deal with obesity well into adolescence due to the influence of their surroundings .
According to DailyRX.com , a new study on from Pediatrics found that `` most obese 10th graders were overweight as fifth graders '' and `` overweight fifth graders were more likely to become obese if they had an obese parent or watched more television than the children who did not become obese . ''
“ Understanding factors associated with the transition into and out of obesity would inform efforts to address the obesity epidemic , ” said Mark A. Schuster , lead study author .
The researchers , the article said , `` also studied 3,961 public school children when they were in the fifth grade and again when they were in 10th grade . '' The authors `` collected data on the height and weight of the children and one parent per child . ''
The students `` answered questions about their body image , exercise , TV habits and diet , '' the article said .
The team `` found that 19 percent of the fifth graders and 18 percent of the 10th graders were overweight . Twenty-six percent of fifth graders and 20 percent of 10th graders were obese , '' according to the article . `` The researchers defined overweight children as those who were heavier than 85 percent of the other children . The children who were heavier than 95 percent of the children were considered obese . ''
`` It is frequently stated that most of our habits are formed between ages 11-21 years old , '' said Thomas Seman , Boston pediatrician . `` The studies show , however , that in 5th grade which is typically around 11 years old , many children already have poor eating habits as well as poor self image . Obviously we need to start earlier in identifying these children and educate and support them in making better decisions . Further educating parents is also very important since we know the power of their influence on their children ) . ''
The study also found that `` 65 percent of obese fifth graders were still obese as 10th graders , and 83 percent of obese 10th graders had been obese as fifth graders . Some of the obese fifth graders — 23 percent — were considered overweight in 10th grade . Overweight fifth graders who watched 30 hours of TV and had an obese parent had a 21 percent chance of becoming obese in 10th grade . ''
`` Children who are not yet obese by fifth grade but who have an obese parent or who watch considerable television might benefit from monitoring , as might children who have negative body images , '' the study authors wrote , according to the article . `` Studies have shown that children learn better and have better focus if they have regular exercise in gym as well as recess . Should these be reintroduced every day for children , this would give them a chance to exercise , interact with other children and should decrease overall weight in a child and decrease the percentage of overweight and obese children . ''
Read the full story and comment below .
Article by Kassondra Granata , Education World Contributor
The National Investigation Agency ( NIA ) has claimed to have identified all bombers involved in the 2013 Hyderabad twin blasts . It has also claimed that the blasts were carried out by the Indian Mujahideen on the directions of IM commander Riyaz Bhatkal .
The interrogation of alleged IM co-founder Yasin Bhatkal and their aide Asadullah Akhtar has revealed that Asadullah , along with Mohammed Tahseen Akhtar alias Monu and Waqas  both of whom are now absconding  planted the IEDs responsible for killing 17 people and injuring more than 100 .
On Wednesday , NIA Director General Sharad Kumar took stock of Yasin 's interrogation at the CRPF camp where they are currently being kept .
According to investigators , the plot to target Hyderabad was hatched by Riyaz on the instructions of key IM functionary Amir Reza Khan in September last year . Riyaz is suspected to have used a module led by Syed Maqbool to conduct a recce at Hyderabad 's Dilsukhnagar .
According to the NIA , Yasin was responsible for providing logistic support , including the purchase of second-hand bicycles , transportation of explosives , etc .
Officials claimed the explosives were arranged by Yasin and the IEDs were prepared by them with Asadullah 's help .
Yasin also revealed they were the one who recruited Tahseen , a resident of Samastipur , and Danish Ansari , a native of Darbhanga , in 2011 . The two were to be used to plant the bombs . But when Danish developed cold feet , it was decided that Asadullah , Waqas and Tahseen will plant the IEDs .
Investigators call this the 'library module ' since Yasin allegedly motivated youths like Tahseen and Danish and then recruited them at a library in Darbhanga . Yasin also claimed there are nearly 30 trained IM cadres currently in India .
According to interrogators , Yasin pleaded ignorance about future attacks lined up by the IM , saying they were only given instructions by Riyaz to plant the explosives . `` He is still being interrogated and we suspect they are holding back information on men , materials and targets of the IM , '' said a senior NIA official . The agency now plans to conduct a polygraph test on Yasin .
... contd .
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Manila , Philippines - `` Ma , tulong , '' Jason Babierra , 32 , cried out for their mother 's help as they dragged their bullet-ridden body on the concrete pavement in the Bernabe neighbourhood of Paranaque , a Manila suburb .
Those were Jason 's last words before they died , according to a witness .
This was two days before the Day of the Dead last November . Jason , a street seller , was cycling outside the house where they lived with their parents and siblings . Suddenly , shots rang out . People ducked for cover .
Moments later , they heard a motorcycle speed away . The attacker disappeared into the night . Jason was dead .
I was standing around the next corner , waiting for a taxi , when I saw the commotion . As I arrived at the scene , a police officer was still setting up the yellow tape .
Jason , wearing flip-flops , camouflage cargo shorts , grey shirt and a black baseball cap turned backwards , was lying on their side , their face reflecting the fluorescent light from the nearby food stall . Their eyes were still open , their mouth ajar .
`` Biboy ! Biboy ! I ca n't accept this ! ''
The wailing of Jason 's mother , Juvilla , who was calling them first born by their nickname , pierced the stunned silence of the onlookers .
Celso , the father , looked blankly at Jason 's corpse splayed on the street .
I asked the chief investigator if it was another drug-related death . They hesitated . But a newspaper boy in the area told me Jason was `` notorious '' for being `` in an out of prison '' .
In the ongoing war against drugs in the Philippines , the line between drug suspects and other criminals has been blurred .
This Al Jazeera list , updated on December 13 , includes one 16 year old and three 17-year-old boys , accused of being gang members in the central island of Leyte , who were killed by unknown gunmen .
Nowhere in the report is it stated that they were linked to drugs .
In another incident , an anti-drug advocate was shot dead by two masked gunmen who turned out to be police officers .
INFOGRAPHIC : Who is liable for the mounting death toll in the Philippines ?
Since President Rodrigo Duterte took office on June 30 , there have been 6,095 people killed in the war on drugs ( as of December 14 ) , according to a police report cited by the Manila-based news website Rappler .
That 's an average of 1,015 people killed a month .
Of the total death toll , 2,102 were killed in police operations , while 3,993 were killed by unknown suspects .
Based on the additional data gathered by Al Jazeera from other news sources and through independent reporting , the death toll is at least 6,108 .
Among those killed in recent weeks were three brothers , Jay , Jake and Jave Lato , who were shot by unknown gunmen on the island of Cebu on November 10 . According to a report , the brothers had previously surrendered to police during an anti-drug operation in their town .
On Monday , Duterte declared that `` fewer people are being killed '' and `` they are almost finished off anyway '' .
But , based on our analysis of the official police report , on average , 36 people have been killed every day during the 168 days of Duterte 's presidency . In the first four days of Duterte in office , the average was 11 per day .
The government insisted that those killed by police - more than 2,000 - died during legitimate anti-drug operations . The police also said that they were investigating the other cases by unknown gunmen .
Going through the numbers , I am reminded of a May 2015 story I wrote about Duterte before they even declared their candidacy for president .
Answering a question from a Davao reporter about their presidential run and their human rights record as mayor , they said , `` I do not want to commit a crime but if by chance , God will place me there , you all better watch out . That 1,000 will become 100,000 . I 'll dump all of you into Manila Bay , and fatten all the fish there . ''
It was during that interview when they first said that reports that they had links to death squads were `` true '' .
On Tuesday , before leaving for a visit to Cambodia and Singapore , Duterte announced the release of $ 20m to buy medicine for drug dependents undergoing rehabilitation . They were answering critics who said reform and rehabilitation were missing in their anti-drug war policy .
READ MORE : No peace for the dead in Rodrigo Duterte 's drug war
`` I hope one billion [ pesos or $ 20m ] will go a long way to treat you this Christmas , '' they said .
Then , in an attempt at dark humour , Duterte quipped : `` Now , if you have really gone crazy and there is no more chance to get fixed , I will just send you a rope . You can just hang yourself '' .
But for many of the families of the victims , the killings are no laughing matter . Especially those young and innocent victims such as seven-year-old San Nino Batucan , who was killed by a stray bullet in Cebu on December 3 .
Or four-year-old Althea Barbon , of Negros , who died alongside their father during an undercover anti-drug police operation .
Or five-year-old Francis Manosca , who was hit in the forehead after an unknown gunman fired through their wooden shack . Their father , Domingo , was the target and they were also killed in the attack last Sunday .
By the morning of December 15 , another 13 people were killed , including five village watchmen who reportedly fought with police during an undercover operation , according to the Manila radio station DZMM .
Ten days before Christmas , one of the most important holidays for the 80 million Catholics and millions of other Christians in the Philippines , there is no pause in the killing spree .
Owner Unilever Country Belgium Website http : //www.magnumicecream.com/
Magnum is an ice cream brand owned by the British/Dutch Unilever company and sold as part of the Heartbrand line of products in most countries . In Greece , the Magnum brand name is owned by Nestlé since 2005-2006 following the acquisition of Delta Ice Cream , so the Unilever ice cream uses the name Magic .
History [ edit ]
The ice cream today known as Magnum was developed in Belgium at the Ola laboratory ( Baasrode ) in cooperation with the Belgian chocolate producer Callebaut and released in Germany in January 1989 as an upmarket ice cream for the existing Nogger brand . It was originally manufactured by Frisko in Denmark . [ 1 ] The original Magnum ( later rebranded as Magnum Classic ) consisted of a thick bar of vanilla ice cream on a stick , with a chocolate coating . As there was no real chocolate which could stand the temperature of −40 degrees Celsius , an ad hoc chocolate had to be developed . [ 2 ] The original Magnum had a weight of 86 grams and a volume of 120 mL ) [ citation needed ] . The former factory in Aarhus , Denmark , was converted into apartments , shops and a fitness centre named `` Friskohus '' ( The Frisko House ) after the ice cream company brand . [ 3 ] The Frisko brand is still used in Denmark .
The company also started selling Magnum ice cream cones in 1994 and an ice cream sandwich in 2002 . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Varieties [ edit ]
A Magnum Gold ice cream bar .
Starting in 1992 , the company added Magnum Almond , Double Chocolate , and White amongst other flavours . In 2002 , Magnum branched into frozen yogurt with their raspberry fruit swirl covered in milk chocolate . Moments were introduced which were bite-size ice cream treats with caramel , chocolate , or hazelnut centres , followed later in the year by `` mini '' , `` crunchy '' ( with almonds ) , and `` light '' . Late 2002 saw the launch of Magnum Intense , a chocolate truffle center enveloped in ice cream and covered with chocolate , and the limited edition 7 Deadly Sins series of ice creams , whose flavours were named after the seven deadly sins . Sins was followed by another limited edition range in 2005 in which each flavour was named after one of the senses : Magnum Aroma , Magnum Touch , Magnum Sound , Magnum Taste , and Magnum Sight .
In 2003 , Streets , the brand under which Magnum is sold in Australia and New Zealand , brought out a limited edition series of ice creams known as The Sixties Nine featuring sixties-related names : John Lemon , Wood Choc , Jami Hendrix , ChocWork Orange , Peace ManGO , Cinnaman on the Moon , Cherry Guevara , Candy Warhol and Guava Lamp . Consumers who collected nine of these ice cream sticks could send them off to gain a free Magnum T-shirt . The extreme popularity of the ChocWork Orange resulted in Streets selling it as the `` Chocolate Orange '' Magnum for some time after the remainder of the range was discontinued . Similarly , the Peppermint Envy of the Seven Deadly Sins range became `` Peppermint '' and is still available in Australia today .
In 2008 , Magnum brought out new variants in the UK—Mayan Mystica , a chocolate ice cream Magnum blended with cinnamon , nutmeg and honey flavours ; and Magnum Minis available in a variety of flavours . Eva Longoria was the face of Magnum in 2008 . Also in 2008 , Josh Holloway , from television 's Lost , was selected as the first male spokesperson of Magnum in Turkey . Benicio del Toro and Caroline Correa starred in a television commercial for Magnum Gold , directed by Bryan Singer .
In 2009 , Magnum Mini Moments were launched . They came in three types of chocolate : milk , white and dark all with 5 different flavours including almond , truffle etc . In China , the Magnum name is retained ; however , there are fewer varieties—as of 2009 there are only vanilla , cappuccino , and crunchy . Mint and double chocolate were introduced in 2006/7 but were pulled from the market in 2008 ( or possibly before ) .
In 2011 , Magnum ice cream was launched in the US and Canada with six varieties : Double Caramel , Double Chocolate , Classic , Almond , White and Dark .
In 2011 , actor Rachel Bilson became the spokesperson for the ice cream brand . [ citation needed ]
In April 2013 , Magnum ice cream was launched in India by Hindustan Unilever , starting with Chennai , and February the following year , expanded to national distribution . [ 6 ] It is distributed under the brand name Kwality Wall 's . [ 7 ]
In 2014 , The Philippines opened a `` make-your-own '' or `` do-it-yourself '' Magnum dessert bar/cafe called Magnum Manila , located at SM Aura 's Sky Park , Taguig .
In 2018 , Magnum launched its first vegan ice creams in two flavours : . Magnum Vegan Classic and Magnum Vegan Almond . The new product was first released in Finland and Sweden followed by the UK . [ 8 ]
Image copyright Reuters Image caption President Kuczynski 's supporters celebrated when the impeachment motion was defeated
Congress in Peru has voted not to impeach President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski over alleged corruption .
There were cheers and applause in the chamber as their supporters celebrated the news .
Mr Kuczynski 's opponents wanted to impeach them for allegedly receiving illegal payments from the Brazilian construction giant Odebrecht .
The president appeared in person in Congress during the 10 hours of debate to deny the allegations .
They accused the opposition of trying to stage a coup .
The motion to impeach required at least 87 votes to pass , but received 79 , with 19 against and 21 abstentions . Ten other lawmakers failed to attend the session .
Mr Kuczynski , 79 , initially denied receiving any money from Odebrecht . However , they later denied receiving any illegal payments but admitted working on an advisory basis for the firm .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Pedro Pablo Kuczynski accused the opposition of trying to mount a coup
The payments by Odebrecht were made to Westfield Capital Ltd , a company owned by Mr Kuczynski . They said that although they owned the company , they were not its manager when it received the payments .
They say they had no involvement in the company 's management while they held ministerial roles in the government of former President , Alejandro Toledo ( 2001-06 ) .
Critics of the impeachment vote said it was an attempted power grab by the right-wing opposition Popular Force party , which controls Peru 's congress . The party 's leader , Keiko Fujimori , lost the 2016 election to Mr Kuczynski by a slim margin .
Popular Force says Mr Kuczynski has repeatedly lied about their links to Odebrecht .
Peruvian prosecutors are also investigating allegations of illegal donations from the company to Ms Fujimori 's campaign .
Former President Toledo is currently fighting extradition to Peru over charges that they received bribes from Odebrecht . The country 's last President , Ollanta Humala , is in pre-trial detention along with their wife , Nadine Heredia , facing charges of laundering money from the company .
Posing as a plastic surgeon named Dr. Kitty , a 19-year-old Toronto woman allegedly performed at least one bogus cosmetic procedure that caused an infection requiring corrective surgery .
The woman , with a high school diploma and no specialized training , apparently advertised their services through flyers , including one posted on a wall inside a Chinese restaurant in the city 's north end , Const . Jenifferjit Sidhu , a Toronto Police spokesperson , said Monday .
In April , a woman responded to the ad and received “ face-slimming injections , ” first in what appeared to be a clinic . They then received further injections in followup appointments in Dr. Kitty 's basement , Sidhu said . Within weeks , the patient had to seek medical help for an infection caused by the operation .
Dr. Mitchell Brown , a spokesperson for the Canadian Society of Plastic Surgeons , said “ face-slimming injections ” likely refers to a procedure that shrinks the clenching muscles in the jaw , called the masseter muscles .
“ A common treatment in Asia is to inject Botox into those muscles to shrink those muscles which gives the face a more angled and narrower appearance , ” said Dr. Brown , a plastic surgeon and University of Toronto associate professor , who stressed they had no knowledge of this particular case .
The treatment requires regular followups for further injections to maintain the desired effect .
A litany of things can go wrong when injecting Botox — a trademarked name for a neurotoxin that paralyzes or weakens muscles . Too much can overly paralyze a muscle , Brown said . Misplaced injections can paralyze the wrong muscle , or worse , damage an artery or kill tissue in the area . And it can lead to infection needing corrective surgery , as police said happened in this case .
“ But that risk is extremely , extremely low when being performed by a certified , trained individual in a proper facility in a proper sterile environment , ” Brown said . Drugmakers in Canada , they said , only sell the drug to licensed physicians .
Det . Charles Lee , the lead investigator on the Dr. Kitty case , declined to discuss specifics about the investigation . They did say that they had publicly released the accused photo in an attempt to find other victims . As of Monday evening , they said there was only one victim to have come forward .
“ I ca n't tell you how many people were involved , ” they said . “ The charges have been laid and it 's before the courts and I 'm still trying to gather the evidence . I do n't want to disclose too much in terms of where it 's leading me right now . If there are other victims , great . I can lay more charges . ”
Police arrested Jingyi “ Kitty ” Wang , 19 , on Friday . They are charged with aggravated assault — defined in the criminal code as an act that “ wounds , maims , disfigures or endangers the life of the complainant. ” Wang is next scheduled to appear in court on Nov. 9 .
The son of former Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has been kidnapped during a campaign rally in their hometown of Multan .
Ali Haider Gilani was taken during gunfire at the rally , which apparently killed their personal secretary and injured others .
`` People came on a motorbike . They also had a car with them and they opened fire and abducted Yousuf Raza Gilani 's son Ali Haider in a black Honda , '' police officer Khurram Shakur said .
They are running from two constituencies - NA-151 and NA-152 - as an independent candidate for the provincial assembly , but is a member of the Pakistan People 's Party which completed its five years in government .
Rehman Malik , the former interior minister and a PPP leader , spoke to Al Jazeera in the aftermath of the kidnapping .
`` There is a war going on between pro- and anti-Taliban forces in this country . They have captured the son of our leader . We are saddened by this and praying that they are safely recovered . ''
Al Jazeera 's Imtiaz Tyab , reporting from Pakistan , said : `` What we understand is that a group of armed men stormed this rally and at least eight people were injured and one was killed . ''
Ali Musa , elder brother of Ali Haider , said : `` We want our brother back tonight . If we do n't get him , we will not allow elections to be held in our area . ''
The family of Yousuf Raza Gilani is one of the most powerful in the area and this will have a huge impact on the vote , our correspondent said .
`` We have not heard of any group claiming responsibility , but the PPP has been the target of a very concerted effort by the Pakistani Taliban to stop them campaigning ahead of this vote . ''
Saturday 's vote will be a democratic milestone in a country ruled for half its history by the military but the campaign has been marred by Taliban threats and attacks against mostly secular parties which have killed more than 110 people since mid-April .
The Pakistani Taliban has said the group has dispatched suicide bombers to mount attacks on polling day on Saturday .
Gov . Chris Christie of New Jersey offered a glimpse Monday of just what they might bring to the Republican ticket as Donald J. Trump 's running mate , presenting themselves as a law and order executive in an appearance with Mr. Trump in Virginia Beach .
Speaking for nearly eight minutes before Mr. Trump gave their own remarks , Mr. Christie joined the growing list of Republicans — including both Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee and Newt Gingrich last week — to appear alongside Mr. Trump as they work to select their No . 2 in a public auditioning evocative of their reality television show , “ The Apprentice . ”
After the racially charged tragedies that have roiled the nation — the assassination of five Dallas police officers by a sniper and the killing of black men by police officers in Louisiana and Minnesota — Mr. Christie spoke forcefully about “ safety and security ” as the two greatest issues facing the country .
“ We need a president who once again will put law and order at the top of the priority of the presidency of this country , ” Mr. Christie said . “ We need once again to have a president who puts the safety and security of our citizens first and does not blink or hesitate to take the strong action that needs to be taken to make sure that those both at home and around the world know that lawlessness will not be tolerated from anyone . ”
Eleven Eastern governors are expected to approve a blueprint for slashing carbon dioxide emissions from cars -- and perhaps home furnaces -- before January , according to state officials , potentially sparking a widespread shift to residential heaters that burn wood pellets .
Officials in states from Maine to Maryland are preparing the outlines of a regional plan that would limit the amount of greenhouse gases a unit of fuel , like a gallon of gasoline , could emit . That 's meant to prompt oil companies , refiners and motorists to use cleaner fuels made from trash and plants and renewable electricity .
Emission reduction targets are not yet established , but officials are basing preliminary calculations on a goal of cutting carbon 10 percent by 2020 . That 's identical to California 's pioneering low-carbon fuel standard .
The Eastern program could be strikingly different in one way : More than 1 million homes in the region are heated with oil , more than anywhere else in the country . It could be a controversial task to regulate the fuel that keeps New Englanders warm during long winters .
But the alternative is just as troubling : Oil-burning furnaces consume more fossil fuel there than diesel-driven trucks . If heating emissions are not reduced , they could undermine the clean fuel standard -- and perhaps make the states unable to meet their existing global warming goals .
`` A critical decision will be whether to limit the program just to transportation fuels or whether to also include heating fuel , '' said Michelle Manion of Northeast States for Coordinated Air Use Management , a nonprofit research group involved in designing the plan .
'Difficult ' to cut emissions without addressing heat
In Massachusetts alone , about 963,000 homes -- almost half -- rely on oil heat . They consume 2 billion gallons of carbon-rich fuel every year , accounting for almost 20 percent of the nation 's heating oil . New England burns 4.6 billion gallons of the stuff annually . That amounts to almost 15 percent of the region 's petroleum use .
So there 's concern that if heating oil is not included in the fuel standard , the 11 states might not be able to meet their individual emission reduction targets . All of them have promised to cut carbon .
`` We are looking at whether we would be able to meet our goals without including home heating oil , '' said Rebecca Ohler , a supervisor with the New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services and a participant in the plan 's design . `` I do think it would be difficult . ''
Another contributor , Ellen Pierce , an analyst with Connecticut 's Department of Environmental Protection , said heating oil is `` a significant contributor to air emissions . ''
`` It 's something we should look at , '' they added .
Limiting emissions from transportation fuel is already daunting . Adding furnace fuel vastly increases the complexity of whom to regulate and how . Scores of additional businesses would fall under the watch of state regulators , probably prompting stronger opposition when state legislatures begin considering the plan for approval .
Politicians could become squeamish if the fuel standard is perceived to hike home heating bills during Northern winters .
'Cheaper ' heat could mean widespread upgrades
But that may not be the case , said Nancy Seidman , deputy assistant commissioner for climate strategies with the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection .
`` If folks switch to wood or a different fuel , then in some cases , it may be cheaper or more efficient , '' they said .
The report emphasizes the states ' home-grown opportunities . Wood pellets could be culled from the forests and manufacturing sites of Pennsylvania , New York and other states , reducing lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions associated with extracting , refining and transporting oil around the world .
But that raises an infrastructure question . Thousands of homes might have to replace oil furnaces with wood-burning heaters . Other options exist , like using renewable electricity to heat homes , switching to natural gas or running oil furnaces on cleaner mixes of biofuels .
`` The use of woody biomass and electricity as substitutes , combined with increased natural gas use for space heating , provides near-term low carbon fuel options for the Northeast , '' according to a 233-page analysis ( pdf ) released last month by the Northeast States for Coordinated Air Use Management .
That assertion could cause waves . Energy is expensive in New England , and residents could find new costs associated with replacing furnaces unappetizing . State officials are just beginning to model the economic effects of the plan .
Oil sands could cause havoc
The Energy Consumers Alliance of New England supports state initiatives aimed at replacing heating oil with low-sulfur diesel , a cleaner fuel . But the program 's main thrust is to reduce the cost of oil by pooling the buying power of 17,000 households . That 's not exactly an incentive to produce less emissions .
`` The green they 're interested in saving is their own , '' said Phil Lindsay , who runs the group 's oil program .
The plan could be up and running in two years , said coordinator Manion . The governors from all 11 states -- including big polluter Pennsylvania -- are expected to sign a memorandum of understanding this year that establishes the broad strokes . Each state would then have to approve the program through legislation or executive order .
If emissions were reduced 10 percent by 2020 , that would prevent 30 million tons of carbon dioxide from entering the atmosphere every year . That 's without cleaning up home heating systems . Even so , it 's still a bigger impact than that of the nation 's first regional cap-and-trade program , the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative , which is reducing emissions from 233 East Coast power plants .
If home heating is not regulated , it could spur an influx of high-carbon petroleum from Canada 's controversial oil sands , analysts warn . Refiners could direct Canadian bitumen into residential oil tanks , even as that emission-heavy fuel is being blocked from entering cars by the low-carbon fuel standard .
That could undermine emission targets , and the `` carbon intensity of the region 's fuel supply could rise significantly , '' according to the states ' official analysis . Currently , about half a percent of the region 's home heating supply comes from Canadian oil sands .
Copyright 2009 E & E Publishing . All Rights Reserved .
A man arrested on suspicion of drug charges and child endangerment said they are concerned with the actions of police who shot two dogs they described as “ aggressive ” while serving a drug-related search warrant at their home earlier this month in southwest Columbia.Police arrested Jonathan E. Whitworth , 25 , of 1501 Kinloch Court on Feb. 11 on suspicion of possession of drug paraphernalia , possession of marijuana and second-degree child endangerment.A police SWAT team entered Whitworth 's residence around 8:30 p.m. suspecting a large amount of marijuana at the location , police spokesperson Officer Jessie Haden said . SWAT members encountered a pit bull upon entry , held back and then fatally shot the dog , which officers said was acting in an uncontrollably aggressive manner.Whitworth was arrested , and their wife and 7-year-old son were present during the SWAT raid , Haden said . A second dog , which Whitworth 's attorney Jeff Hilbrenner described as a corgi , also was shot but was not killed. “ The family is concerned with what happened , ” Hilbrenner said . “ We do n't feel like what happened in the home was appropriate . The priority right now for us is the misdemeanor charges. ” Police discovered a grinder , a pipe and a small amount of marijuana , Haden said . Because the SWAT team acts on the most updated information available , the team wanted to enter the house before marijuana believed to be at the location could be distributed , they said. “ If you let too much time go by , then the drugs are not there , ” they said.Drug distributors traditionally have a history with firearms , which is why the SWAT team is used when executing such warrants , Haden said . If the SWAT team believed they could have executed the warrant successfully during the daytime when the wife and child were not present , they would have , they said .
Motorola 's Moto Z series phones are all modular , and can take advantage of Motorola 's proprietary Moto Mods . You can buy them separately online or through your carrier . Once you snap them on , the phone knows how to utilize them from there . Which phones are compatible with Moto Mods ? As of writing , there are five phones compatible with Moto Mods : Moto Z
Moto Z Force Droid
Moto Z Play
Moto Z2 Play
Moto Z2 Force Edition
Moto Z3 Play Complete list of Moto Mods Hasselblad True Zoom Camera Get up the ten times the optical zoom with the Motorola-commission Hasselblad True Zoom Camera ( $ 299.99 ) . This Moto Mod turns your regular old smartphone into a bonafide point-and-shoot of sorts . It features optical zoom , xenon flash , and physical buttons for zooming ' and shootin ' . And if you use the Moto Z 's RAW shooting format , you can do all the editing and tweaking you need to do to make it look professional in a desktop app . See at Amazon Incipio Offgrid Power Pack One more power pack ! This one is from Incipio and , like the Mophie Juice Pack , it 's a simplistic battery back you can tack on to the Moto Z for an extra boost of battery power . The Incipio Offgrid Power Pack ( $ 79.99 ) features an additional 2220 mAh of battery . It also supports both Qi and PMA wireless charging , which will come in handy from time to time where wireless chargers might be available —this one compatible with the charging pads offered at Starbucks ! It comes in both white and black . See at Amazon Incipio Vehicle Dock This phone mount does n't just cradle the Moto Z , it latches on to it . Once you snap in the smartphone , the dock will fire up Android Auto so that you can have immediate access to your contact , music , and maps without being distracted from the road . In addition to Android Auto support , the Incipio Vehicle Dock also offers 15-watt fast charging in your car so you can also ensure you 're topped up and ready to go . Interested ? The Vehicle Dock will set you back $ 64.99 . See at Verizon JBL SoundBoost The music is better when you 're dancing to it with your friends . Bring your Spotify playlists to life with the JBL SoundBoost speaker ( $ 79.99 ) , which snaps on to the Moto Z and has a built-in kickstand . The mod is comprised of two 27mm speakers with 6W of power each . You can use the speaker to broadcast conference calls and make sure everyone in the room can hear what 's being said back at headquarters . There 's also an extra 1000 mAh of battery packed in there . See at Amazon JBL SoundBoost 2 A sequel to 2016 's SoundBoost , this Moto Mod is a speaker that attaches to the back of a Moto Z series phone , but this one is cooler : it comes in an assortment of colors , including bright blue or red , and is more rounded than the original , making it easier to hold . With two 3-watt speakers , the SoundBoost 2 sounds just as good ( but no better ) than the original , and the 1000mAh battery lets it play for 10 hours without needing to be topped up . This one is also splashproof , just like the Moto Z phones themselves . If you 'd like to pick one up for yourself , you 'll need to hand over $ 79.99 . See at Motorola Kate Spade New York Power Pack
Kate Spade New York Power Pack hails the brand 's simplistic , modernist color palette to help make your Moto Z stand out from the crowd . As if that was n't enough , it also boosts the Moto Z series ' battery capacity by an extra 2220 mAh . Similar to the Mophie Juice Power Pack , this easily charges alongside the Moto Z when it 's plugged in for the night . The retail price for the Kate Spade New York Power Pack is set at $ 79.99 . There is also a polka-dotted variant at Verizon . See at Amazon Mophie Juice Pack
The battery will eventually peter out on your Motorola smartphone . Avoid living life without smartphone juice by packing something like the Mophie Juice Pack . This snap-on module provides an extra 3,150 mAh of battery and can be easily recharged when you charge up a Moto Z device . Mophie 's one of the best-known brands when it comes to battery products , and the company 's Juice Pack can be yours for just $ 79.99 . See at Verizon Moto 360 Camera The newest Moto Mod is a 360-degree camera ( $ 299.99 ) that attaches to the back of any Moto Z device and offers dual 13MP sensors and 4K video capture . There 's also 3D audio support using microphones from the phone and camera itself , and by attaching directly to the phone there 's no Bluetooth or Wi-Fi to struggle with when transferring photos over ; they 're all on the device or microSD card itself , and can be edited on the phone and uploaded to Google Photos . See at Motorola Moto Folio Folio cases are a great solution for keeping the back and front of your phone protected at all times , but depending on which one you buy , the can sometimes add a lot of unwanted bulk . If you 've got a Moto Z phone , you can get that same level of protection while keeping your phone slim and trim thanks to the Moto Folio . Although this does n't necessarily add any new functionality to your phone , it does offer some enhanced protection and has a small sleeve for storing a credit card or ID . There are six colors to choose from and prices range from $ 14.99 and $ 19.99 . See at Motorola Moto Gamepad
This is so cool . Motorola 's Gamepad Mod lets a Moto Z series phone fit inside the comfortable confines of a game controller , adding dual control sticks , a d-pad and four buttons , along with shoulder buttons , for an incredible gaming experience . There 's also a 1035mAh battery to power the Gamepad for eight hours of usage . If you want to turn your Moto Z into a Nintendo Switch-like alternative , you can pick up the Moto Gamepad for $ 79.99 . See at Motorola Moto Insta-Share Projector
YouTube is fun for everyone , but not when you have to huddle over a small screen to see what 's going on . Snap on Motorola 's Insta-Share projector , which projects what 's on your Moto Z 's screen onto the wall of your choice . You can project up to 70 inches and adjust the device as you like with the included stand . The projector also adds on an extra 1100 mAh of battery . The $ 199.99 price is n't cheap , but it 's a lot more mangabale than the $ 300 MSRP it launched with . See at Amazon Moto Power Pack
There are a lot of great battery Moto Mods out there , but there 's one undesired quality a lot of them have — they turn your slim Moto Z handset into a thick beast . If you want some extra juice without the added weight , the Moto Power Pack is worth checking out . Its 2,220 mAh battery is rated to add up to 16 hours of additional use and measures in at a mere 4.99mm thick . The charge rate is 4-6W and the Mod 's available in a black or white plastic finish and in two glass-backed designs . Depending on which one you choose , you 'll spend $ 49.99 to $ 59.99 . See at Motorola Moto Smart Speaker w/ Amazon Alexa
Amazon Alexa is one of the most powerful virtual assistants on the market , and thanks to the Moto Smart Speaker , you can easily bring it with you wherever you go . You can use the Smart Speaker to use Alexa just like you would on an Amazon Echo , including asking it about the weather , reading aloud audiobooks , controlling your smart home gadgets , and so much more . In addition to the Alexa capabilities , this Mod also comes with a low-profile docking mode , dual speakers , four microphones , and a built-in battery that should last for 15 hours . Pricing is set at $ 149.99 . See at Motorola Moto Stereo Speaker
If you want an alternative to JBL 's SoundBoost Moto Mods , your only other option currently comes from Motorola itself in the form of the Moto Stereo Speaker . It 's a bit more affordable at $ 59.99 and comes in black , blue , and red colors . The Mod 's incredibly eye-catching , featuring an intricate pattern on the back for the speaker grill and a circular stand that pops out so you can prop your phone and the Mod up on a table or other hard surface . Two 28mm speakers drive your audio and there 's a loudness rating of 80dB at 50cm . See at Motorola Moto Style Shell
Although Motorola 's Style Shells do n't technically add any functionality to Moto Z handsets , they do allow you to quickly change up the look and feel of your phone in the blink of an eye . There are quite a few Style Shells to choose from , including two nylon ones and three that are made out of Corning Gorilla Glass . Each Style Shell has its own unique look , and while the Gorilla Glass ones may not be the most durable , they do offer some of the flashiest designs of the bunch . Depending on what you choose , prices range from $ 19.99 to $ 29.99 . See at Motorola Moto Style Shell with Wireless Charging
If you want to update the look of your Moto Z while also adding wireless charging , the Style Shell with Wireless Charging does exactly what it describes . Adding a tiny 3.25mm of thickness to a compatible phone , the back adds Qi and PMA wireless charging . This Mod retails for $ 39.99 and is currently available in only a gray color . It may not look like much , but if you 've got a lot of wireless chargers in your home or simply do n't want to mess with cables any longer , this is an essential pickup . See at Motorola Moto TurboPower Pack
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
An Orange County mother helped realize their son 's goal of earning an MBA despite a debilitating accident that left them a quadriplegic . Over the weekend , they both earned degrees .
Judy O'Connor attended every class with 29-year-old Marty O'Connor , taking notes for them as they worked toward their master 's of business administration degree at Chapman University .
Shortly after pushing Marty in their wheelchair across the stage , Judy was called out as a “ special individual. ” The crowd cheered .
The announcer became choked up as they read about the decision by the faculty , administration and board of trustees to award the elder O'Connor an honorary degree .
“ Mrs . Judith O'Connor has attended all the classes with their son Marty , ” the announcer said . “ She has taken notes and worked with Marty throughout their academic career . ”
The degree was a surprise , according to the university , but the retired elementary school teacher managed the spotlight gracefully , video from the ceremony showed . Judy O'Connor smiled and posed for photos with their son , blowing a kiss toward the crowd .
Them son suggested their mother receive the degree , the announcer said .
`` I was just so excited for them because they deserved it so much , '' Marty O'Connor said .
Marty , who grew up in Anaheim Hills , fell down a flight of stairs in 2012 , two years after earning their undergrad degree from University of Colorado , according to Chapman University 's blog .
Their primary focus at first was physical therapy , five days per week . That helped them heal physically but they still felt lost mentally , they said . Graduate school became a goal .
Judy O'Connor was living in Florida and teaching at the time of the accident , but they came to Southern California to help them son .
O'Connor was awarded a $ 10,000 annual scholarship through Swim With Mike , an organization started to benefit USC All-American swimmer Mike Nyeholt , who was paralyzed in a motorcycle crash in 1981 .
During their studies at Chapman , Marty used voice recognition software and other aids , but they could n't take notes or hand-write test answers . That 's where their mom came in .
`` As a mom , you just want to help your kids get through things , '' Judy O'Connor told KTLA . `` I always believed in him . I knew they could do it and I just wanted to have their back . ''
They loved the experience , they told a writer for Chapman 's blog .
“ I 'm a geek . I love being in school , ” they said . “ I 'm not going to lie . I 've enjoyed every minute of it . ”
The men , mainly from Halifax , have been charged with various offences including rape , trafficking for the purposes of sexual exploitation , sexual activity with a child under 16 , sexual assault , voyeurism , sexual grooming , conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with a child under 16 , causing a child under 16 to engage in sexual activity without consent and supply of a Class B drug .
The allegations , which date between 2006 and 2011 , relate in the main to one girl who was aged under 16 at the time . However , one of the allegations relates to a second victim and occurred in the same time period . All the alleged offences took place in Calderdale
All 25 men were charged at Halifax Police Station today ( Wednesday ) and have been released on bail . They will appear before Calderdale Magistrates ' on Thursday , February 12 .
The men are :
Moore : Hillary Sounds Like A Bigot Stoking The Fire Of Stupidity Posted by Pile ( 5921 views ) [ E-Mail link ]
[ Activists ] Michael Moore has broken their silence on the issue of whom they support for President . After watching the debacle that was ABC 's Democratic Debate , they felt compelled to take a stand in contrast to what many people thought ...
My Vote 's for Obama ( if I could vote ) ... by Michael Moore
April 21st , 2008
Friends ,
I do n't get to vote for President this primary season . I live in Michigan . The party leaders ( both here and in D.C. ) could n't get their act together , and thus our votes will not be counted .
So , if you live in Pennsylvania , can you do me a favor ? Will you please cast my vote -- and yours -- on Tuesday for Senator Barack Obama ?
I have n't spoken publicly 'til now as to who I would vote for , primarily for two reasons : 1 ) Who cares ? ; and 2 ) I ( and most people I know ) do n't give a rat 's ass whose name is on the ballot in November , as long as there 's a picture of JFK and FDR riding a donkey at the top of the ballot , and the word `` Democratic '' next to the candidate 's name .
Seriously , I know so many people who do n't care if the name under the Big `` D '' is Dancer , Prancer , Clinton or Blitzen . It can be Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck , Barry Obama or the Dalai Lama .
Well , that sounded good last year , but over the past two months , the actions and words of Hillary Clinton have gone from being merely disappointing to downright disgusting . I guess the debate last week was the final straw . I 've watched Senator Clinton and their husband play this game of appealing to the worst side of white people , but last Wednesday , when they hurled the name `` Farrakhan '' out of nowhere , well that 's when the silly season came to an early end for me . They said the `` F '' word to scare white people , pure and simple . Of course , Obama has no connection to Farrakhan . But , according to Senator Clinton , Obama 's pastor does -- AND the `` church bulletin '' once included a Los Angeles Times op-ed from some guy with Hamas ! No , not the church bulletin !
This sleazy attempt to smear Obama was brilliantly explained the following night by Stephen Colbert . They pointed out that if Obama is supported by Ted Kennedy , who is Catholic , and the Catholic Church is led by a Pope who was in the Hitler Youth , that can mean only one thing : OBAMA LOVES HITLER !
Yes , Senator Clinton , that 's how you sounded . Like you were nuts . Like you were a bigot stoking the fires of stupidity . How sad that I would ever have to write those words about you . You have devoted your life to good causes and good deeds . And now to throw it all away for an office you ca n't win unless you smear the black man so much that the superdelegates cry `` Uncle ( Tom ) '' and give it all to you .
But that ca n't happen . You cast your die when you voted to start this bloody war . When you did that you were like Moses who lost it for a moment and , because of that , was prohibited from entering the Promised Land .
How sad for a country that wanted to see the first woman elected to the White House . That day will come -- but it wo n't be you . We 'll have to wait for the current Democratic governor of Kansas to run in 2016 ( you read it here first ! ) .
There are those who say Obama is n't ready , or he 's voted wrong on this or that . But that 's looking at the trees and not the forest . What we are witnessing is not just a candidate but a profound , massive public movement for change . My endorsement is more for Obama The Movement than it is for Obama the candidate .
That is not to take anything away from this exceptional man . But what 's going on is bigger than them at this point , and that 's a good thing for the country . Because , when they win in November , that Obama Movement is going to have to stay alert and active . Corporate America is not going to give up their hold on our government just because we say so . President Obama is going to need a nation of millions to stand behind him .
I know some of you will say , 'Mike , what have the Democrats done to deserve our vote ? ' That 's a damn good question . In November of '06 , the country loudly sent a message that we wanted the war to end . Yet the Democrats have done nothing . So why should we be so eager to line up happily behind them ?
I 'll tell you why . Because I ca n't stand one more friggin ' minute of this administration and the permanent , irreversible damage it has done to our people and to this world . I 'm almost at the point where I do n't care if the Democrats do n't have a backbone or a kneebone or a thought in their dizzy little heads . Just as long as their name ai n't `` Bush '' and the word `` Republican '' is not beside theirs on the ballot , then that 's good enough for me .
I , like the majority of Americans , have been pummeled senseless for 8 long years . That 's why I will join millions of citizens and stagger into the voting booth come November , like a boxer in the 12th round , all bloodied and bruised with one eye swollen shut , looking for the only thing that matters -- that big `` D '' on the ballot .
Do n't get me wrong . I lost my rose-colored glasses a long time ago .
It 's foolish to see the Democrats as anything but a nicer version of a party that exists to do the bidding of the corporate elite in this country . Any endorsement of a Democrat must be done with this acknowledgement and a hope that one day we will have a party that 'll represent the people first , and laws that allow that party an equal voice .
Finally , I want to say a word about the basic decency I have seen in Mr. Obama . Mrs. Clinton continues to throw the Rev . Wright up in their face as part of their mission to keep stoking the fears of White America . Every time they do this I shout at the TV , `` Say it , Obama ! Say that when they and their husband were having marital difficulties regarding Monica Lewinsky , who did they and Bill bring to the White House for 'spiritual counseling ? ' THE REVEREND JEREMIAH WRIGHT ! ''
But no , Obama wo n't throw that at them It would n't be right . It would n't be decent . She 's been through enough hurt . And so they remain silent and takes the mud they throw in theirs face .
That 's why the crowds who come to see them are so large . That 's why he 'll take us down a more decent path . That 's why I would vote for them if Michigan were allowed to have an election .
But the question I keep hearing is ... 'can they win ? Can they win in November ? ' In the distance we hear the siren of the death train called the Straight Talk Express . We know it 's possible to hear the words `` President McCain '' on January 20th . We know there are still many Americans who will never vote for a black man . Hillary knows it , too . She 's counting on it .
Pennsylvania , the state that gave birth to this great country , has a chance to set things right . It has not had a moment to shine like this since 1787 when our Constitution was written there . In that Constitution , they wrote that a black man or woman was only `` three fifths '' human . On Tuesday , the good people of Pennsylvania have a chance for redemption .
w00t for Moore !
Posted by Elise on 2008-05-20 12:09:57 such great words from a great dude ! I 'm a Michael Moore fan and I wo n't apologise for it ! They speak of a party that will be for the people , and I believe that is the GREEN party . however , our candidate did n't make it to the end , once again it is between republicans and democrats , but I agree with Mr. Moore , I 'll Vote for OBAMA to be president ! Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
4:26pm : Ian Rapoport of NFL.com ( on Twitter ) hears that they rumor regarding Manning are similar to the ones that were surrounding 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick not long ago . The Texans were doing their due diligence on quarterbacks and called around the league . One of those QBs , it seems , was Manning .
12:52pm : A top-level Broncos source continues to insist that the club never made a call regarding a Manning trade , and never considered moving the quarterback , says Mike Klis of 9News ( Twitter links ) . Could the Texans have made the call then ? Maybe , tweets Klis .
As a point of comparison , Klis notes ( via Twitter ) that the Seahawks called the Broncos last year asking if they 'd take Percy Harvin for Julius Thomas , and Denver immediately dismissed the idea . The 9News scribe hints that this could have been a similar scenario .
WEDNESDAY , 10:47am : Despite the slew of denials from the Broncos and Texans , a source tells SportsRadio 610 in Houston that the two teams had “ very preliminary ” talks about Manning before the five-time MVP signed their reworked deal with Denver ( link via CBS Houston ) .
Generally , when separate outlets from separate cities are reporting a story like this one , it did n't just materialize out of thin air ( no pun intended ) . So I would n't be surprised if the Broncos and Texans briefly discussed the possibility early in the offseason . However , it sounds like those talks might have happened almost in passing – if they happened at all – and never got close to becoming serious .
TUESDAY , 8:57pm : Multiple Broncos officials who spoke with Troy Renck of The Denver Post ( on Twitter ) denied the rumor “ in [ the ] the strongest terms . ”
8:26pm : Elway told Mike Klis of 9NEWS ( on Twitter ) that the rumored trade proposal is “ not true . ”
8:00pm : John McClain of the Houston Chronicle ( on Twitter ) spoke with three Texans sources who all said the story is not true .
7:32pm : If those talks ever took place , then it 's news to agent Tom Condon . “ Neither the Texans , the Broncos , nor Peyton Manning ever talked to me about a trade anywhere , ” Condon told PFT ( on Twitter ) .
The Texans , meanwhile , declined to comment ( link ) .
7:18pm : Broncos PR man Patrick Smyth took to Twitter to deny a report that the Broncos attempted to trade quarterback Peyton Manning to the Texans .
Earlier this evening , 94.1 FM Denver/96.9 FM Boulder radio host Benjamin Allbright ( Twitter links ) reported that Denver tried to trade Manning this offseason to Houston . “ Certain elements ” of the Broncos organization , they said , wanted to jump start the Brock Osweiler era in Denver . Allbright said that they were unable to get on-the-record confirmation anyone in either organization , but Smyth offered up a rather strong comment on the report .
“ Here 's one for the record – The speculation is false , and your report is inaccurate , ” Smyth tweeted .
Manning , 39 , had another excellent season for the Broncos in 2014 , putting up 4,727 passing yards to go along with 39 touchdown passes . However , they were hampered by injuries late in the season and struggled down the stretch , particularly in the team 's divisional playoff loss to the Colts , in which they totaled just 211 passing yards on 46 attempts .
Given the way the season ended , plus the fact that head coach John Fox and offensive coordinator Adam Gase both found new jobs , there was some doubt that Manning would return for another year . However , John Elway , Gary Kubiak , and the Broncos maintained all along that they 'd welcome back the former MVP . In March , Manning announced that he 'd return for the 2015 campaign and Denver was outwardly happy to have them back in the fold .
In early March , Manning agreed to a deal that reduces their base salary for the coming year from $ 19MM to $ 15MM . That extra $ 4MM will still be available to the future Hall-of-Famer via incentives , but he 'd have to reach the Super Bowl to earn any of it — he 'll reportedly receive $ 2MM if the Broncos win the AFC , and another $ 2MM if they win the Super Bowl .
The biggest problem with Nintendo 's E3 line-up this year was n't what the platform holder chose to show off but , rather , what it did n't .
I 'm not purely talking about old bugbears , either , like the absence of beloved series such as Metroid or F-Zero , or even - whisper it - the arrival of new IP . I 'm more concerned about the GamePad , the controller that the Wii U initially seemed to have been built around - and a component that , ever since the console 's release , has been waiting for its moment to truly shine .
Has second screen gaming come that far from the days of connectivity ?
Watch the E3 Nintendo Direct broadcast and you could be forgiven for forgetting that the Wii U even comes with a second screen . Nintendo seems to have forgotten , anyway . It 's entirely possible that all the Wii U games on display have glorious uses for the GamePad that just were n't covered properly - we already know that The Wonderful 101 has some neat second screen moments when you go indoors , for example , while Bayonetta 2 allows for full touchscreen control . That said , when features such as a main character 's new haircut merit a proper mention , you ca n't help but suspect anything groundbreaking for the system 's controller would be called out too . Aside from typically delightful use in the Wind Waker remake - you can now put messages in bottles and then drop them into the Great Sea for others to find - the whole half-hour pretty much passed in its entirety without so much as a GamePad cameo . Even then , with the Wind Waker , we 're still talking about a lovely gimmick that 's been bolted onto a ten-year-old game rather than something more fundamental to the design .
This is all doubly worrying because tablets have been everywhere at this E3 , with second screen mechanics crowbarred into everything from Battlefield 4 's Commander Mode to some kind of drone support role , by the looks of it , in The Division . Designers are clearly being encouraged to make use of tablet integration wherever they can with the new generation of consoles , and it would be nice to think that at some point we 'll get mechanics for it that go beyond maps , inventories , waypoint setting and air strikes .
Wario has a chance to make the GamePad earn its keep .
Is there more potential here ? Almost certainly , but that Nintendo Direct gives me pause . The company that 's already had a second screen on board for a good few months now has n't yet come up with a truly unmissable use for it . It 's great for parlour games , of course , and the best GamePad implementations so far have been built around the notion of a private , privileged perspective in multiplayer offerings . Elsewhere , though , we 've had a handful of neat little touches , and lots of family-friendly freeing up of the television when Easties is on , but nothing that makes second screen gaming indispensable the way that Wii Sports brought the Wii Remote and Nunchuk to life in the last generation , or the way that Super Mario 64 turned that thumbstick into a superstar . In Mario Kart 8 you can use the GamePad as a horn apparently . Sold !
The World Ends With You really engaged with the idea of two different viewpoints .
At this point , the company that 's actually gotten the closest to delivering genuine second screen magic , in fact , is probably Ubisoft . With ZombiU , it used the GamePad to do the very thing so many designers must be worried about : it used it to divide your attention - and to make you more vulnerable to the action unfolding on the telly - by acknowledging an inherent awkwardness to the Wii U set-up as your eyes dart between controller and HD display . It works wonderfully in a game about clumsiness and incumberance , then , but how many games are going to be able to make use of that revelation ?
It 's worth remembering , of course , that the 3DS , like the DS before it , has two screens and that designers are no longer expected to explain their uses in each new game reveal , just as they 're no longer expected to find fresh ways to cram in microphone stuff or StreetPass . For second screens in living room console games , though , it feels like a slightly different proposition , however - ZombiU and a few brilliant mini-games aside , we 're still awaiting real proof of its worth . And if Nintendo ca n't make a second screen sing , who else is going to ?
Will the NAACP and Al Sharpton be demanding them scalp ? I 'm guessing no .
Via NYDN :
A candidate for Mayor of a small New Jersey town was caught on tape allegedly spewing a racist rant in which they said they did n't want their village to become a “ f—— n—– town . ”
Marie Strumolo Burke , who is running for mayor in Belleville , N.J. as a Democrat , was reportedly heard making the vitriolic comments on a voicemail from 2013 , according to NJ.com .
In the voicemail , left by the former chairperson of Belleville 's planning board , Sam Papa , on the phone of Councilman Kevin Kennedy , a voice thought to be Burke 's can be heard in the background screaming the angry racist comment .
“ This is terrible . This is terrible . This is gon na be a f—— n—– town , ” Burke is allegedly heard yelling in the background , as Papa is heard discussing tax changes .
A forensics lab based in Michigan confirmed the voice on the tape was Burke 's , according to NJ.com .
Keep reading…
Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene ( ABS ) is a lightweight yet immensely strong thermoplastic which is finding increasing roles in many different fields . Ranging from piping systems of all sizes through toys and musical instruments and on to protective equipment such as helmets and shields , ABS is both tough and adaptable .
The material is produced by polymerising acrylonitrile and styrene monomers in the presence of butadiene synthetic rubber . It can vary proportionally from around 14 to 31 percent acrylonitrile , and have similar amount of butadiene . That means that the base material can is typically between 40 and 60 % styrene and exists as long chains cross-linked with shorter chains of styrene-co-acrylonitrile . This makes a material that is easy to produce , has a high tensile and impact strength , and is able to be both moulded and printed with ease .
As 3D printing becomes an increasingly important means of manufacturing components and sub-assemblies , materials such as ABS are being seen as necessary part of that growth . But that does n't mean that it is n't without its problems and as a virgin material it needs to be handled correctly , and treated in an optimum way for it to be an effective feedstock . One of the main factors associated with a materials ability to be pushed through a 3D printer is the filament size .
Fused Filament Fabrication ( FFF ) is an ideal process for materials such as ABS and other thermoplastics . The process relies on filament material being deposited in additive style so that the final shape is built up by layers of hot material locally welding to each other . While this is a superb way to create both prototypes and finished articles , when used in conjunction with a slightly difficult feedstock such as ABS , great care must be taken in both handling and application .
While it is an exceptional material , ABS is prone to moisture ingress , particularly in thinner section such as moulding filaments . If moisture is allowed to take hold , it can start to come out under the heating action of 3D printing , causing spluttering and problems with adhesion on the base material . For this reason the ABS feedstock needs to be stored appropriately . Wet ABS feedstock can also clog a feed nozzle which will not only ruin your print , but lead to expensive and time-consuming cleaning work on your printer . This usually means in a specialist cupboard or container that is both temperature and humidity controlled so that you do n't end up with the problems associated with moisture .
Natural ABS tends to be a slightly translucent beige colour , but the material can be coloured easily . While this does n't have too many adverse effects , it can lead to a slight stiffening of the feedstock filaments , which can lead to problems in the actual feed of the material from the reel if the stiffness becomes too much . Ideally ABS feedstock – and in particular , the coloured varieties – need to be as thin as possible to ensure correct feeding of the material .
ABS is a grand addition to the 3D printing materials stable and it promises to become even more worthwhile as 3D printing techniques advance , and if it is treated and prepared in the right way , you can be assured that it will also be fault free .
The only station I can tune my mint-green Roberts radio to is Radio 2 , so I have the pleasure of waking up to Wogan , although I do n't feel too guilty as the radio at work is usually tuned to XFM or Virgin , or Smooth FM on a hectic afternoon , so I get my fix of commercial radio ... honest , I do .
The 10-minute morning journey from Ealing to Paddington is pretty short and uneventful , so I tend to flick through magazines such as Heat , Closer , Elle or Grazia .
However , Thursdays are a special treat when I indulge in my guilty pleasure of purchasing Take a Break and Chat magazines and read them from cover to cover .
At lunchtime I will surf the net , getting my news fix from the Sun , Guardian and BBC sites and then do a bit of browsing on eBay , which I am obsessed with , or Net-a-Porter .
I will also pinch the latest magazines from the press department and browse through Tatler , Marie Claire , GQ and Easy Living among others .
If I 'm in during a weekday evening ( not a regular event I admit ) , I do watch a very odd mix of TV : currently I 'm loving Big Brother , any ITV crime drama , anything on UKTV History or the National Geographic channel , as well as that brilliant series , Imagine with Alan Yentob on BBC1 . Oh , and anything to do with books .
I am also addicted to the Big Brother live streaming on E4 at the moment and can often fall asleep on the sofa watching mindless arguments about toast between the contestants .
Lisa Batty is a business manager at OMD UK
We 're super excited about our list of our lineup for the next Ignite Seattle on December 7th . We 'll be back once again at the King Cat Theatre . The doors open at 7:00 pm , mixer at 7:30 pm , and speakers go on stage at 8:30 .
And now , presented in no particular order , our speakers for Ignite Seattle 16 .
Ignite Seattle 16 Speakers
Rich Lengsavath ( bigstove ) Lean Food Startups : Beyond Food Trucks
It has been said that the best way to make a small fortune in the food business is to start with a large one . Restaurant failure rates are downright depressing . Considering most food businesses start with zero clients and a massive loan payment , the results are not surprising .
Imagine a world where chefs could try their hand at creating amazing restaurant experiences without raising capital or spending their life savings . Imagine a world where test kitchens abound like concert venues , and chefs “ play ” at popup restaurants like rockstars at a concert .
Shannon Houghton ( @ MsHoughton ) From Helicopters to Jetpacks : Using Your Geeky Powers for Good , Not Evil , at Your Kid 's School
You 've procreated and now your spawn has entered the education system . How can you help support your kid reach their superhero potential without being the overbearing helicopter parent that teachers talk about in the staff room ?
Elementary Gifted/Talented teacher Shannon Houghton will detail the top three actions you can take to help navigate the world of parent-educator relations . You 'll be ready to strap on your jetpack in no time .
Hillel Cooperman ( @ hillel ) I give you permission to be a shitty parent .
I expose the secret world of parenting that nobody ever tells you about .
Brady Forrest ( @ brady ) Art of Burning Man
Why do people spend all year making art for a temporary city ? Why is it a good thing ? And what can we do to bring that creativity back to the city ?
Alyssa Royse The Math Of Love
How many times have you been baffled by your partners response to something that you did ? Or had to deal with emotional phrases like “ you just do n't seem to value me , ” and had no idea where THAT came from . Good news , there 's a math for that .
I 'll take some common relationship “ drama ” and show you how you can use math to predict it , and fix it . Easy as pie . After all , a relationship is made up of the sum of its parts .
But be warned : the math is right , but that does n't mean you are .
Beth Kolko ( @ bkolko ) Break All the Rules , Save the World
Hackers , Makers , DIYers , Tinkerers….these are the people who are inspiring innovation and creative breakthroughs . This is a talk about what happens when innovation and expertise clash , and when too much experience just gets in the way of the New .
Truly disruptive technologies – the game-changers that freak everyone out – increasingly come from the un-credentialed and the de-institutionalized . Get out of academia and industry research labs and look at what amazing things are being built by the folks who make their own gold stars . Get ready for Hackademia .
Pablos Holman ( @ pablos ) 3D Printing Food
Nathaniel James ( @ james_nathaniel ) Awesome Foundation : Micro-philanthropy for Macro-Impact
Awesome Foundation makes monthly micro-genius grants . Our Trustees donate $ 100 every month and collectively award a $ 1000 grant to the best project idea that comes through our very simple online application . Grants can go to individuals , non-profits or for-profit organizations . Awesome Foundation was founded in Boston in 2009 and has since spread to over 20 cities in North America , Europe and Australia . Seattle Awesome Foundation gave out its first grant last night ( public announcement coming Monday ) .
Jen Waak ( @ jenwaak ) How a Keyboard Athlete Climbed Kilimanjaro
Climbing one of the seven summits takes more brains than brawn .
Find out how this self-proclaimed Keyboard Athlete , non-camper , and non-hiker put their research and Energy Bank manipulation skills to work to out-think Kilimanjaro and make it to the summit with energy to spare .
Steven Stone ( Sound_Spirits ) Ignite Booze – The Creation of Sound Spirits Distillery
Head Distiller Steven Stone talks about the launch of Sound Spirits , Seattle 's First Craft Distillery since Prohibition
Matt May ( mattmay ) Extemporaneous Speaking : Enlightening people quickly , beyond Ignite
Extemporaneous speaking is one of the most valuable life skills you could have learned in high school . Extemp combines research , persuasion and presentation skills with a random subject and a 30-minute deadline .
Did you miss out ? Learn how you can be an informed , effective advocate for your cause , on a tight schedule , with the right preparation .
To prove it can be done , the talk itself will be prepared on the evening of Ignite Seattle 16 , in 30 minutes , from a blank slide deck .
Tiberio Simone ( cheftiberio ) Pleasure Activism 101
Chef Tiberio Simone – author of La Figa : Visions of Food and Form – lives a life devoted to bringing pleasure to others . Their motto is “ I love everybody – and you are next. ” In this talk , you will learn how you too can become a Pleasure Activist .
Dominica DeGrandis ( @ dominicad ) Kanban – wtf ?
Kanban may well be the latest buzzword in software development and IT services , but what the hell is it ? Kanban explained in 300 seconds by Dominica DeGrandis , member of the 1st US IT team to implement Kanban – ironically , at a local Seattle media company .
Maria Moses ( @ docksidecoop ) Reefer Madness : Fact & Fable from the Medical Cannabis Industry .
A cannabis co-op owner provides the inside scoop on the true nature of the controversial and ever-changing world of medical marijuana .
Illustrator : Josh Cotton Paleontologists in Utah discovered a new species of pterosaur , which looked a lot like this flying behemoth .
Some 210 million years ago , the area that 's now the western United States was home to the largest flying reptile of the time : the terrifying pterosaur .
Paleontologists know of about 150 species of pterosaur -- now including an as-yet-unnamed one that was discovered earlier this year and revealed last week . Researchers found evidence of the previously unknown pterosaur in a treasure trove of fossils that yielded bones of seven other animals they do n't think have been identified before .
The intact pterosaur bones might be the most stunning discovery at the site , which is just outside the Dinosaur National Monument in northeastern Utah . The bones fill a gap in the fossil record between earlier , smaller pterosaurs and the giant ones that came later . And thank goodness they 're just bones -- you would n't want to meet one of these flying beasts .
`` If you saw one of these things coming at you with its jaws open , it would freak you out of your mind , '' said Brooks Britt , a Brigham Young University paleontologist who presented preliminary findings last week at the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology conference in Dallas .
The largest known pterosaur is the Quetzalcoatlus , with a wingspan of about 30 feet and massive jaws that could crush small crocodile-type reptiles , Britt told The Huffington Post . The newly discovered species had a wingspan of about 4.5 feet and an 8-inch-long skull with small eyes , they said .
`` The jaws were well-armed with a variety of teeth , including four 'fangs ' in the front of the lower jaw , followed by 76 tiny , sharp teeth , '' they said . `` Beneath the front of the lower jaw there was a small crest . The upper jaws were armed with 30 moderate-sized teeth . ''
Dan Chure of the National Park Service and George Englemann of the University of Nebraska at Omaha , discovered the fossil site in 2009 , when they spied bones in the sandstone . A student uncovered the pterosaur in a lab early this year .
Paleontologists have so far found about 11,500 bones at the site , and think they 're only about halfway finished exploring it .
Brooks Britt , Brigham Young University . Paleontologists work on a dig site in Utah that has already revealed eight new animals .
The other animals found at the site include :
A type of strange-looking reptile with a head like a bird , arms like a mole and a claw on the tip of the tail , called a drepanosaur .
Several small crocodile-like creatures with armor on their backs , called sphenosuchians .
Two different types of meat-eating dinosaurs , one of which that is related to the coelophysis , a scrawny creature featured in the movie `` Walking with Dinosaurs . ''
`` This is the best stuff I 'll ever see in my life , '' said Britt , 60 , who has been collecting dinosaur fossils for five decades . `` It 's like Christmas every day . ''
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
LAS VEGAS , Nevada — Republican frontrunner Donald Trump addressed a capacity crowd at the South Point Arena on Monday , urging them to remember to vote at Tuesday 's caucuses , warning that their lead in the polls would not guarantee a win .
Referring to claims that the rally was among the largest political gatherings in the history of Nevada politics , Trump said : “ Setting records like this is important . But tomorrow , you have to go out and vote . ”
The raucous crowd , estimated by the campaign at 8,000 supporters — and at 10,000 by security officials who spoke to Breitbart News — also included several hecklers , who have become part of the show at Trump 's campaign events .
One man stood behind the podium and unfurled a large banner , reading : “ VETERANS TO MR. TRUMP : END HATE SPEECH AGAINST MUSLIMS. ” They were led away without much resistance–but they just are the first of many .
After the third interruption , as a red-faced , barrel-chested man was led away by security , Trump lamented that people were no longer allowed to punch back .
“ I miss the old days … You know what they used to do to guys like that in a place like this ? They 'd be carried out in a stretcher , folks . Here 's a guy , throwing punches … I 'd like to punch them in the face . ”
Trump reviewed their poll numbers and attendance numbers , contrasting them favorably with those of their rivals , notably Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-VT ) , whom Trump said received much more favorable press for far smaller crowds .
They also attacked rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) , reiterating their charge that Cruz is the “ biggest liar ” — though they said that Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) was a “ nice guy. ” The audience booed both opponents , enthusiastically .
Trump also revisited their argument with Pope Francis , which they had tempered slightly in the wake of last week 's media frenzy about their disagreement about immigration policy .
“ I 've seen the Vatican , ” Trump said . “ That 's the biggest , strongest wall I 've ever seen … In fact , I want to use that as my model . ”
Trump is widely expected to win the Nevada caucuses , where they have led recent polls by at least 16 and as many as 26 percentage points . Cruz and Rubio are locked in a battle for second place . Dr. Ben Carson is also campaigning in the Silver State , while Ohio Gov . John Kasich has chosen to stay on the East Coast , sensing dim prospects here .
Sprint Corp. is killing its Framily discount plan and launching new pricing that tries to attract customers by doubling the data that rival carriers offer smartphone users .
New chief executive Marcelo Claure announced the shift Monday afternoon at an employee event capped by an Ice Bucket Challenge . More than a dozen top executives , including Claure , were doused in the fundraiser for the ALS Foundation .
“ There 's no longer going to be Framily as of this Friday , ” Claure said to employees , who met the news with a mixture of oohs and applause .
Framily was Sprint 's effort to turn customers into recruiters — wooing consumers with what some saw as odd TV commercials featuring a talking hamster as a father and other strange Framily members .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
Subscribers with Framily accounts get bigger discounts by adding more customers to their own accounts . It largely did n't work , but Sprint will continue to honor the Framily discounts customers now have .
Employees cheered when Claure unveiled Sprint 's new sales pitch , a shared data plan called Sprint Family Share Pack . It looks much like the shared data plans at larger rivals AT & T and Verizon but with a twist .
“ We 're going to double the high speed data at the same or lower price than AT & T or Verizon , ” Claure said .
Sprint 's double-the-data theme applies to its new everyday pricing that mimic 's the big carriers ' plans and a new promotion that lines up in many ways with one now running at T-Mobile , though with more data and more lines .
Sprint 's promotional plan allows up to 10 lines on an account for $ 100 a month and the lines all share 20 gigabytes of data . Each line also gets 2 gigabytes of data of its own .
T-Mobile 's promotion provides 2.5 gigabytes of data for each of four lines , which totals 10 gigabytes , at $ 100 a month .
Data has become the battlegrounds for carriers , which generally allow unlimited phone call minutes and texts with their plans . Smartphones consume data when their owners stream video or music , download apps or perform other popular functions .
Both companies are running the promotions until the end of September . Customers ' plans will revert to normal pricing plans at the start of 2016 .
Markets have been waiting for Sprint to ignite a price war and Monday 's announcement was it . Claure also made clear this was Sprint 's first , but not last , move to win customers .
The Overland Park-based company did not address its unlimited data offerings , which have been available at additional cost for each device that gets unlimited data . A spokesperson said to stay tuned on the unlimited front , that Monday 's announcements addressed family plans .
Sprint 's pricing plans Monday are aimed largely at luring customers away from other carriers . It also is offering to “ pretty much reimburse ” customers who switch from other carriers ' plans and incur an early termination fee , Claure said .
The appeal to other carriers ' customers is why Sprint intentionally shaped its new plans to look similar to the deals consumers see at other carriers .
Framily 's downfall , the company concluded , was its odd-man-out structure made it difficult for consumers to compare it to what they already had or saw at other companies .
Sprint 's new everyday pricing plan uses shared data for all the devices on a family 's account , as do Verizon 's and AT & T 's shared plans . Sprint is giving customers twice as much data , or 20 gigabytes , to share .
Sprint was expected to make a price-cutting move because its data network lags that of its rivals . The company also had blamed recent customer losses on disruptions to phone calls caused by an extensive upgrade of its network equipment .
Network crews continue to add faster data speeds to the network but Claure held out the new pricing plan as a challenge to Sprint 's sales staff .
“ I want to make sure from the sales people that we stop the excuses , that we stop blaming the network . We 're giving you the tools to succeed , ” Claure said . “ There 's also no excuse why we should n't bring ( to Sprint ) every single customer that we see now . ”
Claure made their remarks just before they were doused with ice water along with more than a dozen other Sprint executives as part of the ALS Foundation 's Ice Bucket Challenge . The foundation asks people to post videos of themselves being doused and for those who do n't get doused to donate .
Claure was responding to a challenge from Tomer Kagan , the chief executive of a company called Quixey that makes an app for searching app stores for the kind of app you want .
Kagan had challenged Claure in this ice bucket video , in which they pledged to match the donations from others in the video .
Sprint had launched its Framily discount plan early this year . At four lines , the cost runs $ 160 with each line getting 1 gigabyte of data . You could buy unlimited data for an additional $ 20 per line .
Former CEO Dan Hesse had said the Framily plan was under review because it was no longer competitive with some changes at other carriers .
For example , T-Mobile 's Simple Choice plan costs $ 100 a month for four lines and gives each of the lines 2.5 gigabytes of data on the company 's faster data network .
Consumers have been barraged by Framily ads featuring the talking hamster dad , a girl with animated blue birds flitting around their head and other eclectic members of the discount group .
Sprint made it difficult to add existing customers to your Framily group , forcing customers to find non-Sprint subscribers to earn discounts . Sprint posted their Framily account numbers on eBay , Facebook and elsewhere to attract new members .
“ It 's quite the confusing plan to sign up and more confusing when people drop off , ” said Roger Entner , founder of Recon Analytics .
Entner said losing a Framily member ends the discount that their added line had brought to all the members on the account . And Sprint 's network disruptions from the extensive upgrade effort had sent some customers packing .
“ If Sprint does n't work for them , your price goes up . So you get penalized for Sprint 's network , ” Entner said .
7 . Matt Jones ( 2005 )
`` He 'll probably enter the league as a wide receiver , though if you talk to 10 NFL coaches and general managers , you 'll get five or six different answers about where they should play . This much is clear : We have n't seen this type of player come around in a long time . ''
That 's what Peter King of Sports Illustrated said of Matt Jones prior to the 2005 NFL Draft . Jones was a 6-foot-6 , 237-pound quarterback at Arkansas and an absolute freak of an athlete . They ran a 4.37 40 and had a vertical leap just shy of 40 inches . NFL teams did n't know what to do with him . Scouts thought they could play anything from safety to tight end to running back to a wildcat-type quarterback . What they did know was that type of athleticism in that body is so rare that someone would take a gamble on him .
The Jacksonville Jaguars selected Jones with the 21st pick , intending to use them as a wide receiver . Jones showed signs of great potential at times but substance-abuse issues curtailed their tenure with the team and they were released in 2009 . After sitting out all of that year , Jones missed the 53-man cut for the 2010 Bengals , and decided to retire .
