The Canadian Museum for Human Rights has set out its admission rates as it prepares to open its doors this fall .
The CMHR , much talked about over the years , opens Sept. 20 at The Forks . It is the first national museum to be established in Canada since 1967 and the first ever outside the Ottawa region .
It is also the first museum in the world `` solely dedicated to the evolution , celebration and future of human rights , '' according to a CMHR statement , which estimated 250,000 people are expected to visit each year .
Admission rates are :
Adults — $ 15
Youth ( age seven to 17 ) — $ 8
Students and seniors — $ 12
Under the age of seven — free
Family ( maximum six people ) — $ 42
Family membership — $ 95
​​Other membership price ranges are available for adults ( $ 50 ) , students and seniors ( $ 35 ) , senior couple ( $ 60 ) , adult couple ( $ 90 ) .
Previous Next School groups will be able to visit for $ 5 per student per program , for both interpreter-led programs ( available for K-12 ) and self-guided visits ( available groups of students over age 10 ) . School-group registration starts in October 2014 for programs beginning in January 2015 .
`` We 've developed a rate structure that delivers high value for all visitors to this unique , world-class museum . Our prices are designed to be comparable to other national museums and aligned with local attractions , '' said Jacques Lavergne , one of the CMHR 's directors .
`` For the cost of a night at the movies or pizza for the family , visitors can experience a journey of inspiration unlike anything they 've seen before , inside one of the most stunning buildings in Canada . ''
Long road to now
The museum has been in the works since 2003 , when Winnipeg business person and media mogul​ Izzy Asper first announced plans to create it .
Previous Next When Asper died suddenly of heart failure later that same year , their daughter Gail became the driving force behind fundraising for the project , which was expected to cost about $ 200 million and open by 2007 .
The opening date was continually pushed back , often due to spiralling construction costs forcing additional fundraising . In the end , more than 7,000 donors stepped up and the final construction tally was $ 351 million .
The federal government essentially took over the project in 2007 and has committed to cover $ 21.7 million in annual operating costs .
Even though it has yet to open , the CMHR has won a handful of awards for design and engineering .
It took 3,540 people three years to build the 12-storey , 260,123-square-foot building .
​
Event Japanese/English
Introduction
Play I 'm the coastal defense ship , Matsuwa ... Ummm , Etorofu-chan ... I 'll do my best !
海防艦、松輪です…あの、択捉ちゃん…私も、頑張ります！
Library
Play I 'm the coastal defense ship , Matsuwa . I was constructed to be an improved type of the Shimushu-class escort ships , and was assigned to be under the fleet of the Sasebo naval district . My duties were mainly fleet escorts and worked with the anti-submarine fleet . In order to reduce the damage of the fleets , I fought with enemy submarines ... but , I 'm really afraid of them ...
海防艦、松輪です。 占守型海防艦の改良型と建造され、佐世保鎮守府の部隊に配属されました。船団護衛や対潜掃討部隊として働きます。 船団の被害を減らすため、敵潜水艦と戦いました…でも、潜水艦は…怖い。
Secretary 1
Play Commander ! Ummm ... !
司令！あの…！
Secretary 1
Play Yes , Commander ? Ummm ...
はい、司令？あの…
Secretary 2
Play Yes ! I 'm from ... umm , Sasebo ...
はい！松輪は… あの、佐世保ぇ…
Secretary 3
Play I 'm the younger sister of Etorofu-oneech -- -eh ? Shimushu-chan ? Ummm ... ah ... I 'm sorry . I do n't know .
私、択捉お姉ちゃんのいもう… え？占守ちゃんの？えっと… あの… ああ、すみません。分かりません。
Secretary Idle
Play Commander~ ! Ummm ... ! Ah ! You seem busy ... um . Commander , I 'll ... be waiting , right here !
司令～！あの…！あ！お忙しそうですね… あの。司令、私… ここで、待ってます！
Secretary ( Married )
Play Ah , umm ! Commander ! Here 's tea ! Ah , hot ! Uuu~ , I 'm sorry ! I 'll clean it right now ... umm ...
あ、あの！司令！お、お茶を！あ、熱！うう～、すみません！今、拭きますから…あの…
Wedding
Play What is it Etorofu-chan ... Eh ? The commander ... ? Wants to see mee ... ? Did I make a big mistake ? Ah , um ! Etorofu-chan ! I 'm sorry , but can you come wit- ... eh ? You ca n't ! ? No way~ !
択捉ちゃん、なに…？え？司令が…？私を…？何か大きな失敗してしまった？は、あの！択捉ちゃん！ごめんなさい、ついてきてもらっても・・・え？だめ！？そ、そんな～！
Player 's Score
Play The report ? Hold on just one moment please .
報告書ですか？お待ち下さい。
Joining the Fleet
Play Coastal defense ship , Matsuwa ... seting sail !
海防艦、松輪…抜錨です！
Joining the Fleet
Play Anti-submarine sweep squad , coastal defense ship , Matsuwa ... seting ... sail !
対潜掃討隊、海防艦、松輪… 抜錨…です！
Equipment 1
Play Umm , so ... this is ?
あの、その… これを？
Equipment 2
Play This is ? U-umm ! Thank you !
これを？あ、あの！ありがとう！
Equipment 3 [ 1 ]
Play Enemy subs ? Phew~ , guess it was n't .
敵潜？ハァ～、違うみたい。
Supply
Play This helps .
助かります。
Supply
Play This helps , Commander .
司令、助かります。
Docking ( Minor Damage )
Play I-I 'm sorry !
す、すみません！
Docking ( Major Damage )
Play I 'm sorry ! Please forgive me !
すみません！ごめんなさい！
Construction
Play Looks like a new ship ... is waiting for you !
新造艦が… お待ちの様です！
Returning from Sortie
Play We somehow got back safely ! Phew~
何とか無事に戻りました！ふう～
Starting a Sortie
Play 1st Surface Escort Division , Matsuwa ... is sortieing !
第一海上護衛隊、松輪…出撃いたします！
Starting a Battle
Play Eh ? Ehh ? Ehhh ! Are those ... enemies ?
え？ええ？えええ！敵…ですか？
Attack
Play I-I 'm sorry ! Please do n't come here !
ご、ごめんなさい！来ないで！
Night Battle Attack
Play N-No ! Do n't come near me !
い、嫌！近づかないでください！
Night Battle
Play I 'm charging in ! Everyone , follow me !
突入します！皆さん、続いてください！
MVP
Play Eh ? It 's me ? ... Really ?
え？あたし？松輪が？…本当ですか？
Minor Damage 1
Play Nooo !
いやぁ！
Minor Damage 2
Play No ! Where did it come from ?
いやだ！どこから？
Major Damage
Play Nooo ! Please stop ! I 'm scared !
嫌あああ！やめてください！怖い！
Sunk
Play I 'm scared ... ! I 'm scared .. ! I 'm scared ! Save me , Commander !
Rich Geldreich A few weeks after this post went out , some very senior developers from Microsoft came by for a discrete visit . They loved our post , because it lit a fire underneath Microsoft 's executives to get their act together and keep supporting Direct3D development . ( Remember , at this point it was years since the last DirectX SDK release . The DirectX team was on life support . ) Linux is obviously extremely influential .
Rich Geldreich It 's perhaps hard to believe , but the Steam Linux effort made a significant impact inside of multiple corporations . It was a surprisingly influential project . Valve being deeply involved with Linux also gives the company a `` worse case scenario '' hedge vs. Microsoft . It 's like a club held over MS 's heads . They just need to keep spending the resources to keep their in-house Linux expertise in a healthy state .
It 's always interesting to read about what happens inside of Valve . Rich Geldreich , who previously worked at Valve has blogged about their experience inside Valve during Valve 's push towards Linux.It seems Rich was a rather important member of the team and one of the influential people in getting OpenGL + Linux support up to scratch.He was responsible for speaking to external driver teams and their managers/execs , and they helped present to external game developers about how to get good performance out of OpenGL.I fondly remember reading the Valve blog post about getting Left 4 Dead 2 running faster on Linux than it did on Windows . I remember feeling so happy about everything that was happening . Rich Geldreich was the one feeding the information to Gabe Newell themselves ( the owner of Valve ) who wrote the blog post.It seems Valve 's plans well and truly scared Microsoft too : That'sinteresting to read about . I had no idea Valve pushing OpenGL and Linux was this serious a threat that Microsoft visited Valve directly.It sounds like we have a lot to thank Rich for . They even share what a lot of other people believe , that Linux was/is a safeguard for Valve against Microsoft : Sadly , it seems when Valve let a bunch of people go back in 2013 , the Linux team suffered due to this.Check out the blog post here
Partner of officer charged with beating African American man replied affirmatively to text using racial epithet and encouraging violence , trial reveals
A Detroit-area police officer who attempted to handcuff an unarmed man while their partner beat them sent racially charged text messages following the incident , it emerged this week .
Pressed during a trial over the incident Thursday , auxiliary police officer John Zieleniewski confirmed their response to a text exchange in March in which they were asked : “ At least give me the satisfaction of knowing you 're out there beating up niggers right now . ”
Zieleniewski responded : “ lol , just got done with one . ”
The text messages came out in the trial of William Melendez , known as “ RoboCop ” , who faces three felony charges and up to 10 years in prison for beating Floyd Dent during a traffic stop .
Melendez , a former police officer in the town of Inkster , repeatedly punched Dent in the head and placed them in a chokehold during the arrest on 28 January – a move captured on video that was later released to the media and sparked a criminal investigation .
Inkster has a population that is 73 % black and a police force that is estimated to be 80-90 % white .
Dent testified on Thursday that a former officer in the town of Inkster , William Melendez , approached their vehicle with their firearm drawn and said : “ Get out the car or I 'll blow your motherfucking head off. ” The 58-year-old said they did n't resist officers who attempted to arrest him , despite earlier testimony that contradicted their remarks .
“ I did n't resist in any way , ” Dent said on the witness stand in Wayne County circuit court Thursday .
Dent said Melendez choked them so tight they struggled to breathe .
“ After they choked me for so long , I gave up , ” Dent , a quiet 58-year old with a round jaw and dolorous eyes , said .
The Wayne County circuit court judge overseeing the case , Vonda Evans , agreed to allow into evidence a series of racist text messages that were linked to Zieleniewski .
At one point , Zieleniewski was asked by Wayne County assistant prosecutor Robert Donaldson if they ever called Dent “ a piece of shit ” .
“ I might have , ” Zieleniewski said .
Evans jumped in , asking : “ When was it that you called them a piece of shit ? ”
Zieleniewski , who is a witness and not a defendant in the trial , responded : “ A good length after the incident . At least a month , if not more . ”
Donaldson continued : “ You also described [ Dent ] as a dangerous criminal , is that right ? ”
“ Absolutely , ” Zieleniewski said .
Donaldson later introduced evidence of the text exchange involving a racial epithet .
A visibly uncomfortable Zieleniewski apologized to the court . “ It 's an inappropriate word , ” they said . “ And I apologize that it does have to be brought up here today in court for unknown reasons . ”
Evans told the jurors that the testimony must not be used in their determination of whether Melendez should be found guilty .
Dent , who admitted to driving with a suspended license that evening , was initially charged with resisting arrest and possession of cocaine , but the charges were eventually dropped . On Thursday , they denied being under the influence when they were arrested and has previously contended that police planted the evidence at the scene .
The centerpiece of the case will be the video of the incident , but , with such conflicting testimony offered on what transpired in Dent 's arrest , it will also turn on whether the jury believes Dent – a veteran Ford employee who acknowledged having difficulty processing thoughts – over the officers who arrested them that night . Dent 's version of events varied drastically from that of Zieleniewski , who on Thursday described them as erratic and aggressive after they were pulled over .
During the arrest , Zieleniewski said Dent “ told me , ‘ I will kill you ' ” as they attempted to forced them to the ground . ( Dent has said an officer made a similar statement to them before they were pulled from their vehicle . )
“ Since they are n't searched , ” Zieleniewski said , “ I did n't know what the possibilities could 've been . ”
The two-hour testimony from Zieleniewski prompted several tense exchanges in the courtroom .
Zieleniewski , a full-time railroader who still works as an Inkster auxiliary officer , said Dent appeared to be reaching over to the right side of their vehicle as they and Melendez approached , and they did n't comply with “ any of the orders ” given by Melendez . Dent was aggressive , tried to “ get away ” and “ he was saying things in a very aggressive and angry manner ” , Zieleniewski said . “ The entire time ; as soon as I got out of the control car . ”
Dent disagreed .
“ I tried to protect the right side of my face , ” Dent said , describing being taken to the ground . “ That 's when Melendez started beating me in the head . I told them stop , I ca n't breathe . ”
The decision by Melendez to place Dent in a chokehold appeared to violate the use of force regulations set by the Inkster police department . On Wednesday , Michigan state police first lieutenant Twana Powell , who was in charge of the investigation into Dent 's arrest , testified that “ chokeholds are strictly forbidden ” under department guidelines .
Dent said the 16 blows to their head from Melendez left them bleeding “ real bad ” . They told the court that they asked for medical attention , but said officers instead took them to the local police station to be searched . The altercation landed Dent in the hospital for two days with a fractured left orbital , blood on the brain and four broken ribs .
The incident did n't garner significant attention until the dashcam video was obtained and released by a local news station .
A day after the incident , Zieleniewski received a text message from another officer who responded to the scene of Dent 's arrest .
“ We 've got major problems , ” the officer texted Zieleniewski . “ Call me . ”
Zieleniewski , assuming the officer was referring to Dent 's arrest , replied : “ Take video of the video and send it to me . ”
Melendez was later fired , the most severe sanction they have received yet after decades of police brutality allegations . At one point , they received more citizen complaints than any officer in Detroit , where they started their career in 1993 and served until their resignation in 2009 . They entered Inkster 's police force a year later .
The former officer has been named as a defendant in a dozen federal lawsuits , accusing them of planting evidence , wrongfully killing civilians , falsifying police reports and conducting illegal arrests . Some suits were settled out of court , costing Detroit millions of dollars ; others were dismissed .
Melendez spoke in the trial only during a brief reprieve Thursday , when judge Evans implored any men in the room to remove their suit jackets , as the courtroom inside the 12-story building in downtown Detroit sweltered periodically throughout the day .
“ I 'm fine , your honor , ” Melendez told Evans when the judge asked if they were OK. “ Positive , thank you . ”
Inkster , a Detroit suburb , agreed to pay Dent $ 1.38m as a result of their arrest by Melendez .
The trial is set to resume at 9.30am Monday .
Syracuse , N.Y. — ESPN has told ACC schools to pick one of two options for its future football schedule options . The league 's athletic directors have n't come to a consensus .
David Teel , a reporter with The Daily Press , reported Friday that the league discussed its options for more than an hour via teleconference but could not reach a conclusion on which option was preferable .
As part of its deal to create an ACC Network , ESPN required the league to either expand to nine conference games and play a power-five school during non-conference play , or to play eight conference games but two games against power-five schools .
The mandates would provide the ACC Network more quality games , making the channel more desirable for cable companies . The channel is scheduled to come to television in 2019 .
ESPN 's Brett McMurphy reported that during the league 's spring meetings Syracuse football coach Dino Babers said they preferred eight conference games but was not against the idea of nine . That comment , would have come before the mandate of playing two power-five games .
Former Syracuse athletic director Daryl Gross was a proponent of nine ACC games , largely because they wanted the Orange to play in recruiting markets like Miami and Atlanta as frequently as possible . They also felt the conference felt more like a league with more frequent crossover games .
Gross also believed a nine-game schedule would have also created a more cohesive conference , with Syracuse facing opponents like Miami and Georgia Tech every six years , instead of every 12 years . It 's unclear what current athletic director John Wildhack prefers .
The schools fighting most actively against a nine-game conference schedule are those that play marquee rivalry games , a group that includes the league 's top football programs , Clemson and Florida State .
With annual rivalry games against South Carolina and Florida , respectively , as well as obligated games against Notre Dame , the schedules for those programs could become exceptionally difficult with a switch to nine conference games .
Contact Chris Carlson anytime : Email | Twitter | 315-412-1639 .
ACC will discuss moving to 9-game football schedule on Friday ( report )
Video shows a car avoiding rush hour traffic by driving a quarter-mile on a popular bike path .
Editor 's note : Alexandria police on Oct. 21 said they had no update on this story .
A previous version of this story incorrectly identified Four Mile Run Park Trail as Fort Mile Run Park Trail .
ALEXANDRIA , Va. — Most drivers choose to play by the rules , even if stuck in rush hour traffic — but not all .
Video shot by cyclist Trey Harris shows a Volkswagen sedan driving on the Four Mile Run Park Trail for approximately 30 seconds , forcing bicyclists and pedestrians to move out of the way .
Harris posted the video on YouTube , which shows the car on the trail , near Jefferson Davis Highway , near Potomac Yard , during Tuesday 's evening rush hour , approximately 5 p.m .
The car drove approximately a quarter-mile on the path , and eventually exited onto Commonwealth Avenue .
Citizens on social media tweeted about the incident and included a license plate description to Alexandria police , who are investigating .
A spokesperson said it 's possible the car ended up on the trail accidentally , and police hope to speak with the driver .
Follow @ WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook .
© 2016 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
We love Old School things over here at Sad Man 's Tongue just as much as we love legs and a great tattoo . While a person 's tattoos are as unique to the individual , so is Pernstejn 's Pardubicky Porter unique unto the Czech republic .
We proudly serve this beautiful Porter here at Sad Man 's Tongue , one of only a select few locations that do so in Prague . The legendary Porter beer has been produced in the Pardubice Brewery since 1891 according to its original recipe .
Pardubice Brewery has been brewing beers since 1871 in the town of Pardubice . The town itself has a brewing tradition which dates back to the middle ages , now that is Old School .
So come in and taste this Porter that has… ..
characteristic dark , almost black , thick foam and distinguished by a very delicate , sweet malt taste . Beer connoisseurs will appreciate chocolate and caramel tones with a subtle touch of cherry .
During our happy hour from 3pm until 6pm you can get a .4 l draft for only 35kc . And at 19 degrees , that sounds like a pretty happy “ Happy Hour . ”
Save
Save
According to reports in Poland , they were stabbed to death by hooligans
Koszowski , 19 , joined the club as a nine-year-old but retired in June
The football team play in the second tier of Polish football
A 19-year-old former Polish footballer has tragically died after being stabbed to death by hooligans .
GKS Katowice , who play in the second tier of Polish football , announced the tragic news that their former player Dominik Koszowski passed away at the weekend .
Describing them as 'brave , strong and determined ' , the club signed Koszowski as a nine-year-old but they retired from football in June of this year due to injury .
GKS Katowice paid tribute to Dominik Koszowski after they passed away at the weekend
The Polish club snapped Koszowski as a nine-year-old but they retired from football in June
According to reports in Poland , the teenager was killed in the early hours of Sunday morning when they were stabbed at a train station in Katowice .
The former footballer was with their father when they were pounced upon by attackers , believed to be fans from a rival football club .
Koszowski , who was attacked by a group of a dozen hooligans , was taken to a nearby hospital but died from the stab wounds to their chest .
Three males between the ages of 19 to 20 have already been arrested , while the police are continuing their investigations .
The image of the computer gamer as a young male loner who spends hours playing computer games with strangers around the world , is not true , according to a new dissertation in sociology from Stockholm University .
Illustration : P.B Holliland
Gaming used to be seen as an activity primarily for children and young people , but during the last decade this has changed . Today , both young and old people , men and women play a wide range of different computer games . In their dissertation , Lina Eklund , a researcher at the Department of Sociology at Stockholm University , has examined how people use computer games as a way to socialize with other gamers both online and in real life .
Lina Eklund , researcher at the Department of Sociology .
“ We create a social world when we play games with each other , whether we play traditional board games or digital computer or video games , ” says Lina Eklund , who specifically studied the importance of gamers ' experience of social gaming and the underlying material and social structures that limit or support social gaming .
Computer gaming is not anti-social
Today , over 40 percent of the Swedish population from twelve years upwards play some sort of digital games and over half play together with others . The most common opponents are friends , followed by family members and then strangers over the internet .
“ To play digital games with family members is in other words a common activity , which makes us question the media image of lonely teenagers who play over the Internet , ” says Lina Eklund .
Easier to play with family and friends
The dissertation focuses on how people play with others and make use of digital technology in their everyday lives . One of the most important results of the study is that players experience their digital gaming in different ways depending on who they play with . Family members and friends are seen as more valuable to spend time with and they are also easier to work with than strangers . Gaming with strangers is perceived as difficult to organize because strangers have different rules , norms and ideas of how to play , although digital gaming is partly regulated by predefined rules .
“ This means that digital gamers prefer playing with other gamers who are similar to them in various ways , for example in that that they speak the same language or have young children , to facilitate the social aspect , ” says Lina Eklund .
For further information ,
Lina Eklund , a researcher at the Department of Sociology , Stockholm University , Tel +46 ( 0 ) 8-16 20 02 , mobile +46 ( 0 ) 703-31 81 83 , e-mail lina.eklund @ sociology.su.se
I 've been trying to write a persuasive essay about AI risk , but there are already a lot of those out there and I realize I should see if any of them are better before pushing mine . This also ties into a general interest in knowing to what degree persuasive essays really work and whether we can measure that .
So if you have time , I 'd appreciate it if you did an experiment . You 'll be asked to read somebody 's essay explaining AI risk and answer some questions about it . Note that some of these essays might be long , but you do n't have to read the whole thing ( whether it can hold your attention so that you do n't stop reading is part of what makes a persuasive essay good , so feel free to put it down if you feel like it ) .
Everyone is welcome to participate in this , especially people who do n't know anything about AI risk and especially especially people who think it 's stupid or do n't care about it .
I want to try doing this two different ways , so :
If your surname starts with A – M , try the first version of the experiment here at https : //goo.gl/forms/8quRVmYNmDKAEsvS2
If your surname starts with N – Z , try the second version at https : //goo.gl/forms/FznD6Bm51oP7rqB82
Thanks to anyone willing to put in the time .
COLUMBUS , Ohio -- The last of Ohio 's 24 , highly sought-after medical marijuana cultivation licenses were awarded Thursday , ending months of anticipation but leaving many applicants and industry observers with more questions about the process .
The Ohio Department of Commerce winnowed 185 applicants down to 24 winners -- 12 level I licenses for up to 25,000 square feet of grow space and 12 level II licenses for up to 3,000 square feet . The department announced the 12 large growers on Thursday .
Application records released Thursday reveal some information about the companies ' owners , advisers and facility plans .
Here are five things you need to know about the large growers .
1 . Most cultivator licenses were awarded in Northeast Ohio . Central Ohio has none .
Map by Rich Exner , cleveland.com
Seven of the 12 large grow license winners and six of the 12 small grow winners are located in Northeast Ohio . No sites in Central Ohio were chosen for either small or large grows .
Most applicants had out-of-state help or included out-of-state members or advisers .
Johnstown , just east of Columbus , had spent the last two years readying itself to be a hub for Ohio 's medical marijuana business . None of the five companies that applied for sites there was awarded a license .
Village Manager Jim Lenner said the outcome was disappointing because without cultivation , it 's highly unlikely the community will attract a marijuana product manufacturer or testing lab .
`` Not only are we out , Central Ohio 's out , '' Lenner said .
2 . Some interesting names got licenses .
Cleveland business person Andy Rayburn 's group Buckeye Relief scored the highest for its proposed Eastlake site . Developers Dominic Visconsi , Jr. and Anthoni Visconsi II and Cleveland philanthropist and Lincoln Electric board member Russ Lincoln and their son Sam are involved in the company , according to tax information cover sheets included in its application .
Ariane Kirkpatrick , who owns construction services company AKA Team , is the president of Harvest Grows , which proposed sites in Cleveland and Lawrence County .
Riviera Creek Holdings , which proposed a site in Youngstown , is backed by Chris Stock and Brian Kessler . Both were involved with Ohio 's 2015 failed constitutional amendment to legalize marijuana . Stock , a Cincinnati attorney , was one of the authors of the amendment .
Cresco Labs in Yellow Springs counts several GOP consultants among its owners . Gov . John Kasich 's former spokesperson Chris Schrimpf and their brother Michael , also a Republican consultant , are partial owners . Troy Judy and Chad Hawley , lobbyists who were aides to former House Speaker William G. Batchelder , also have stakes in the company .
Standard Wellness , with a site in Gibsonburg , listed several notable names on its large roster of owners , advisers and consultants . Among them were Patrick McManamon , founder of Westlake-based Cannasure insurance company ; Brad Maloof , president of Amware Recycling , and Debbie Connelly , vice president for human resources at Westlake software company Hyland .
Brandon Lynaugh , a Columbus lobbyist who worked on the campaign against ResponsibleOhio 's 2015 marijuana legalization measure and for Marijuana Policy Project 's 2016 medical marijuana measure , was listed as the company 's director of government relations .
One of the 20 advisers listed is Rex Damschroder , a former Republican state representative who left the legislature before it passed the medical marijuana law .
Pure Ohio Wellness 's board of directors includes Larry Pegram Jr. , a former motorcycle racer , and Columbus developer Bill Schottenstein . Both are involved with an effort to develop Columbus ' old Cooper Stadium . Pure Ohio Wellness chose a site in Springfield .
Cincinnati business person Walter `` Chip '' Homan and their son Walter Jr. are among the owners of the Ohio offshoot of multistate medical marijuana company Columbia Care . Columbia Care plans to build a facility in Mt . Orab .
Adam Thomarios , owner of Northeast Ohio construction company THOMARIOS , is president of AT-CPT of Ohio , which proposed a site in Akron .
See the list of large cultivation license winners
3 . Several big names did n't get licenses .
Several well-known companies and investors did n't win licenses . Among them was GTI Ohio , an offshoot of an Illinois medical marijuana company backed by Cleveland investor Bobby George .
A group led by Andy Joseph , who runs cannabis oil extraction company Apeks Supercritical out of Johnstown , also did not win a license .
Canadian medical marijuana company Aphria , which paired with Columbus ' Schottenstein family , was not chosen for a license .
And CannAscend , backed by ResponsibleOhio co-founders Ian James and Jimmy Gould , lost as well .
Brian Wright , executive director of the Ohio Cannabis Association , said the denial of top applicants raises concerns about additional delays to patients .
4 . Little is known about how applications were scored .
Applications were split in two parts . The first section contained the information about the site and the company 's members . The second section was not supposed to contain any identifiable information .
Applicants who checked all the boxes in the first section were graded on the second section , blind , based on their business , operations , quality assurance , security and financial plans . A maximum of 200 points was awarded and scores were weighted to value operations and finances more .
State employees reviewed the applications with the assistance of three consultants hired through a competitive bid process , a department spokesperson said .
The department has not provided information about the reviewers or further explanation for the scores given to applicants . The department also has not released the score totals for losing applicants .
5 . Legal challenges are likely .
Every state that has doled out medical marijuana cultivation licenses through a competitive process has faced legal challenges . Lawsuits can tie up license awards for months , which could delay Ohio 's program past its statutory September 2018 start date .
The Department of Commerce is directing losing applicants to file appeals through the state 's administrative hearing process . They have 30 days to file . The department has set aside more than $ 300,000 for the appeals process .
James and Gould of CannAscend said Thursday they 're considering a lawsuit . Gould said the application process was full of flaws .
The businesses awarded large cultivator licenses are :
South Africa may legally regulate medical cannabis as soon as April 2017 .
The South African Parliament 's Portfolio Committee on Health has said that the government will amend the Medicines and Related Substances Act 1965 ( MRS Act ) . Under the reformed legislation , cannabis – known locally as “ dagga ” - will be downgraded from a banned Schedule 7 drug to a Schedule 6 drug , meaning it can be prescribed . The revision of the law is to be drafted by late January 2017 and may be implemented by April 2017 , according to South Africa 's News24 .
The first step towards the legalisation of medical cannabis in South Africa began in early 2014 , when MP Mario Oriani-Ambrosini proposed a private members bill , the Medical Innovation Bill ( MIB ) . The MIB would have legalised and regulated medical cannabis , but did not gain sufficient support in parliament .
Months after its failure to pass , Oriani-Ambrosini committed suicide while suffering from chronic pain during the last stages of terminal lung cancer . Within the MIB proposal , they had advocated for cannabis oil as treatment for chronic pain .
In the two years since Oriani-Ambrosini 's death , the South African Medical Control Council has conducted extensive research into medical cannabis . Based on evidence of its medical potential , their party - the Inkatha Freedom Party ( IFP ) - has pushed for the reintroduction of the MIB into parliament .
The party 's chief whip , Narend Singh , has expressed that they would consider withdrawing the MIB if the revision of the MRS Act met the objective of the IFP 's bill : effectively regulating access to medical cannabis .
Singh has approached the government 's decision with cautious optimism . “ This heralds a great step forward for public access and research into the use of medicinal cannabis '' , they said , `` [ so ] what matters now is that the department ensures that access to medicinal cannabis will not be restricted to the rich '' .
This change in legislation may come as a shock to many South Africans . The stigma surrounding cannabis is strong , and South African authorities account for 42 per cent of all cannabis seizures in Africa , according to the United Nations .
Under the amended version of the MRS Act , recreational cannabis cultivation and use will remain illegal , but medical cannabis cultivation will be regulated by the South African Health Products Regulation Authority . This regulatory body will be created by the amended MRS Act , and will have the power to provide licences to cultivators .
In early 2016 , the South African Medical Research Council ( SAMRC ) published the results of clinical trials of patients ' responses to cannabis oil . As a result , the rollout of medical cannabis in South Africa will be primarily targeted at patients who suffer from the ailments mentioned in the SAMRC report , including chronic pain , nausea , and glaucoma .
Image : Dell
While it 's fair to say that Windows 8 is n't having as smooth a ride as Microsoft might have hoped , it 's not all bad news for the operating system , with one research firm is predicting that it will stimulate growth in touch-enabled notebooks .
The research firm in question is NPD DisplaySearch , a part of The NPD Group that provides global market research and consultation focused on the display supply chain . It is predicting a rapid expansion of the touchscreen-enabled notebooks over the course of the year . Last year , the company estimates that touchscreens were present on only 3 percent of notebooks sold , but it expects this number to grow to more than 12 percent during the course of 2013 .
For the sake of comparison , NPD data indicates that touchscreens are present on 77 percent of all mobile phones sold , and a 100 percent of tablet PCs sold , which leaves notebooks with plenty of room for expansion .
The primary reason for the growth is being put down to the new notebook form factors that Windows 8 , with its focus on touch , has given rise to . Alongside systems featuring the traditional clamshell designs are flip and convertible systems , which NPD say `` have been created to attract end users '' .
And if the predictions turn out to be accurate , it seems like this strategy might well be working .
NPD has broken down the notebook market into five distinct form factors . There are :
Clamshell with track pad , which do n't feature a touchscreen display Clamshell with touchscreen , which sees a touchscreen display fitted to a standard clamshell notebook Flip design with built-in keyboard , where the system is switched between touch and keyboard modes by changing the device from clamshell to slate Detachable with bundled docking kit , which is a tablet PC sold with a docking kit Detachable without keyboard , which is a tablet PC that can be connected to an optional keyboard .
`` Touchscreen and PC manufacturers are looking carefully at how successful these initial Windows 8 touchscreen notebook models are in the market , as the touchscreen module requirements for Windows 8 increase module costs , and those requirements are difficult to meet in high volume production , '' said Calvin Hsieh , research director at NPD DisplaySearch .
But there 's a problem — price .
As Hsieh pointed out that `` when consumers consider purchasing a notebook computer with touchscreen functionality , the cost of the device is more important than its form factor '' .
`` If prices decline sufficiently , then penetration of touch into the 200 million unit global market and growth in larger screen sizes would drive significant growth for touchscreens in the coming quarters , '' they said .
Touchscreen capability does n't come cheap , with the bill of materials for adding a touch module alone coming in at between $ 50 and $ 80 for notebooks , with the touch layer on the actual screen adding more to the total cost .
Hsieh suggests that one way to reduce cost would be to opt for structured sensor glass ( SSG ) rather than the one glass solution ( OGS ) for notebook touch integration , but that this `` may require changes to Windows 8 's requirements '' . Another way to reduce cost would be to do away with the optical bonding process and leave an air gap between the touch sensor and the display , but this reduces the quality of the screen .
While there 's little doubt that the PC industry as a whole is stagnating , adding touch to notebooks may have given that market a much-needed — although possibly quite short — sales boost .
Related stories
Story highlights Mitt Romney calls the presidential race a battle for economic freedom
Tuesday 's Land of Lincoln primary is a major test for the top GOP presidential contenders
A poll released Monday indicates Romney is leading in Illinois
Rick Santorum predicts they will win the nomination if they win Illinois
Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum launched a final campaign blitz across Illinois on Monday , the eve of their showdown in the Land of Lincoln primary that could cement Romney 's front-running status or boost Santorum 's conservative-backed surge in the Republican presidential race .
Tuesday 's Illinois primary offers 54 delegates and follows a strong Romney victory in Puerto Rico , where the former Massachusetts governor picked up all 20 delegates at stake on Sunday by winning more than 80 % of the vote .
CNN 's latest delegate estimates show Romney with 519 delegates to Santorum 's 239 . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has 138 delegates and Texas Rep. Ron Paul , the libertarian champion , has 69 . To secure the nomination , 1,144 delegates are needed . In the Illinois contest , delegates will be awarded proportionately .
Despite their growing lead in the delegate count , Romney still faces questions about their ability to win support from the Republican conservative base and needs a victory in Illinois to answer doubters .
An American Research Group poll released Monday indicated Romney had a solid lead over Santorum .
JUST WATCHED Romney : Latinos will vote for GOP Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Romney : Latinos will vote for GOP 01:28
JUST WATCHED Romney : Learn English and Spanish Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Romney : Learn English and Spanish 00:39
JUST WATCHED Illinois a make or break for Santorum ? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Illinois a make or break for Santorum ? 02:59
According to the survey conducted over the weekend , 44 % of likely Republican primary voters favored Romney compared with 30 % for Santorum , 13 % for Gingrich and 8 % for Paul . The sampling error was plus or minus 4 % .
Santorum already has won contests in neighboring Minnesota , Iowa and Missouri . Capturing Illinois would continue their momentum in the region .
The former Pennsylvania senator , who has emphasized their campaign 's humble beginning against the better-financed and better-organized Romney , said over the weekend that winning Illinois would signal ultimate triumph .
`` This is a pledge , '' Santorum said in Effingham . `` If we 're able to come out of Illinois with a huge or surprise win , I guarantee you , I guarantee that we will win this nomination . ''
On Monday , Santorum told the CBS `` This Morning '' program from Rockville , Illinois , that having four candidates competing for the GOP nomination could prevent any of them from securing the nomination before the August convention .
`` I think it 's going to be very difficult as this goes on for anybody to get to that magic number '' of 1,144 delegates , Santorum said .
Santorum and Gingrich are competing for conservative support against the more moderate Romney , and Santorum told WLS radio Monday that Gingrich `` has just taken the conservative vote and divided it . ''
`` And by and large , Gov . Romney ca n't get above 35 % of the vote anywhere , '' Santorum added . `` That shows you they have n't been able to close the deal in spite of enormous money advantages as you see on TV here in Illinois , and the robocalls and all the other establishment media being in their corner -- they ca n't seal the deal . ''
Romney kicked off their Monday campaigning in Springfield , saying at a pancake breakfast that they have the economic gravitas to bring growth and job creation , unlike an `` economic lightweight '' like President Barack Obama .
They did n't mention Santorum by name , but their rhetoric was the same as weekend criticism that also characterized their main foe as an economic lightweight .
Later , Romney used a speech at the University of Chicago 's Harris School of Public Policy , where Obama once served on the advisory board , to depict the presidential contest as a battle with Obama over the economy .
Romney made no mention of their GOP foes , instead focusing on what they called Obama 's `` assault on freedom '' through stifling business regulations and high taxes .
`` This November , we face a defining decision , '' Romney told an audience largely of college students . `` Our choice will not be one of party or personality . This election will be about principle . Our economic freedom will be on the ballot . And I intend to offer the American people a clear choice . ''
According to Romney , Obama 's `` heavy hand '' has cast a pall of uncertainty over the economy , preventing entrepreneurs from investing or starting small businesses . Inventors such as Thomas Edison , the Wright brothers and Steve Jobs would never have succeeded in the current economy , Romney claimed .
Santorum later mocked Romney for promoting `` freedom '' while also having passed a health insurance mandate in Massachusetts .
`` Let 's just be brutally honest about it , '' Santorum said at an event in Dixon , Illinois . `` There is one candidate in this race who can never make this race about freedom because they simply abandoned freedom when they were governor of Massachusetts and they abandoned it when they promoted '' federal health care reform in 2009 .
Obama advisers , meanwhile , told reporters in a conference call that independent tax analysts had concluded that Romney 's tax plan will increase deficits by $ 5 trillion over the next 10 years .
They also challenged Romney 's repeated claim that the regulatory climate is slowing economic production , with Princeton economics professor Cecilia Rouse -- a former member of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers -- saying there was `` not actually any evidence that regulatory burden actually has a meaningful impact on employment or the economy now . ''
On Sunday , Romney framed their win in Puerto Rico as indicative of the territory 's desire for a candidate that `` most represents their feelings . ''
`` Those people who do n't think that Latinos will vote for a Republican need to take a look in Puerto Rico , '' Romney said , noting that the territory 's governor and its legislative leaders are conservative . `` Hispanic voters are going to vote for Republicans if we stand for something -- conservative principles that bring growth and good jobs and rising home values . That 's how we 're going to win , and we 're going to get Latino voters to help us out . ''
Romney had entered the contest in Puerto Rico as the favorite . They were largely backed by the island government 's political establishment , including Gov . Luis Fortuno , who campaigned with Romney last week .
Santorum created a small political firestorm on the island in the days leading up to the primary when they said English should be the principal language in Puerto Rico before it could gain statehood . Puerto Rico will vote on a statehood referendum in November .
After arriving in Puerto Rico on Friday , Romney said they would have `` no preconditions '' on language for Puerto Rico to gain statehood , though during a CNN debate in January they said English should be the nation 's official language .
Santorum immediately hit back , accusing Romney of flip-flopping .
Romney fired back that English has been the official language of the government in Puerto Rico for more than 100 years .
The heated , see-saw allegations between the two candidates have marked much of the race for the GOP nomination , which Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , called `` the nastiest I 've ever seen '' during an appearance Sunday on NBC 's `` Meet the Press . ''
Asked about McCain 's comment , Santorum told CBS on Monday that Romney has been the main practitioner of the kind of negative campaigning McCain referenced , in particular advertising funded by super PACs .
`` It 's not Rick Santorum running all the negative ads or even Newt Gingrich , '' Santorum said . `` It 's Mitt Romney who has systematically just gone out there and run a negative campaign , has had no positive vision for this country and spends billionaire dollars to tear down every single opponent that 's in their path . ''
Joe McDonald , The Associated Press
BEIJING -- China on Friday joined a global crackdown on price-fixing by manufacturers of LCD screens used in computers and TVs , imposing multimillion-dollar fines on South Korea 's Samsung and LG and four Taiwanese companies .
Suppliers already have been hit by U.S. and European regulators with penalties totalling more than $ 3 billion for colluding to push up slumping prices of display screens in 2001-06 , which raised costs for electronics manufacturers . U.S. courts have sentenced 12 executives to prison .
In China , LG and Samsung and four Taiwanese companies were ordered to pay 353 million yuan ( $ 56 million ) , according to the Cabinet 's planning agency , the National Development and Reform Commission . It said that includes 144 million yuan ( $ 22.8 million ) in fines plus repayment to Chinese companies that were overcharged .
LG , Samsung and Taiwanese suppliers met every quarter in 2001-06 to set prices of screens at a time when supply outstripped demand , pushing down market prices , according to Western and Chinese regulators .
Nearly all the world 's mobile phones and personal computers are assembled in China , making its factories major consumers of display screens and other components supplied by South Korea , Taiwan and other Asian economies .
The display screen suppliers `` manipulated market prices and damaged the lawful interests of other companies and consumers , '' said an NDRC statement .
U.S. prosecutors say some $ 74 billion in global sales of display screens were affected by the conspiracy . Customers included Apple Inc. , Dell Inc. and other producers of TVs , notebook computers and other electronics .
The Chinese penalties totalled 100 million yuan ( $ 15.9 million ) for Samsung and 118 million yuan ( $ 18.7 million ) for LG . The Taiwanese companies and their fines were Chi Mei Corp. , 94 million yuan ( $ 14.9 million ) ; AU Optronics Ltd. , 21.9 million yuan ( $ 3.5 million ) ; Chunghwa Picture Tubes , Ltd. , 16.2 million yuan ( $ 2.6 million ) ; and HannStar Display Corp. , 240,000 yuan ( $ 38,000 ) .
The U.S. Department of Justice says it has been awarded $ 1.4 billion in fines by courts while EU officials have imposed a total of 1.3 billion euros ( $ 1.7 billion ) in penalties .
China 's fines were smaller because Beijing acted under its pricing law , which bases penalties on the improper income from individual sales , according to an NDRC statement . It said Western regulators used anti-monopoly laws that base penalties on the much larger amount of a company 's total revenue but China could not do that because its first anti-monopoly law was not enacted until 2008 and can not be applied retroactively .
After the EU fined companies in 2010 , a major Chi Mei shareholder , Terry Gou , said the price-fixing was led by Samsung and LG , the biggest and second-biggest display panel manufacturers , respectively . Gou is chairperson of Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. , which assembles electronics for Apple Inc. and other companies but does not make display screens .
Samsung Display , the Samsung unit that makes flat panels , does n't dispute the Chinese government 's statement , said a company official contacted by phone Friday in Seoul . They refused to be identified by name , citing company rules , but said their comments reflected Samsung 's official position .
The company will `` strengthen training '' so employees do not engage in price-fixing in the future , the official said .
In a written statement , LG Display said it `` remains committed to operating with full transparency in providing the best quality products and services to its global customers . ''
Chi Mei , which has been renamed Innolux Corp. , said in a written statement it has set aside money to pay the fines , indicating it would not appeal .
A spokesperson for AU Optronics , Yawen Hsiao , said the company was co-operating with Chinese authorities but declined to comment further .
Employees who answered the phone at Chunghwa and at Hannstar said company officials who could comment were not available .
In the United States , a former president and executive vice-president of AU Optronics Ltd. were sentenced by a federal court in September to three years in prison in what prosecutors said was the most severe penalty imposed in an antitrust case . The company was fined $ 500 million .
In July , AU Optronics , along with Toshiba and LG , agreed to pay a combined $ 571 million to settle a lawsuit by customers . Other manufacturers , including Hitachi , Sharp and Samsung , agreed in December to pay $ 538 million to settle .
Seven other Asian manufacturers and 22 other executives have pleaded guilty in U.S. courts and agreed to pay a combined $ 890 million in fines .
354 Shares
As a working musician , William Elliott Whitmore has become a jack-of-all-trades . In addition to six full-length records and a handful of singles , Whitmore has provided music for various movies , documentaries and television shows . In 2010 , Whitmore recorded their own version of the old cowboy tune “ Bury Me Not on the Lone Prairie ” for the emotional climax of the western themed Red Dead Redemption video game , which sold 15 million copies .
Whitmore explained how they chose their work and how they felt their songs , which can be very personal , fit into the context of movies or television .
“ Under the right circumstances , with the right people , I 'm glad to do the work , ” said Whitmore . “ If it 's music , the song has to match the scene , add something emotional to it or serve a purpose . ”
Advertisement
Now Whitmore is taking another gig in the video game industry by voicing the lead character in Wasteland 2 , a highly-anticipated post-apocalyptic RPG 25 years in the making . Sounds kinda wacky , right ? To make this story even weirder , the first Wasteland game was released in 1988 and developed a cult following over the years , generating the need for a sequel . That need began to steamroll until a California company , inXile Entertainment , created a Kickstarter project for Wasteland 2 with a goal of $ 900,000 . By the end of their campaign in April , the company had raised almost $ 3 million dollars in funds to finance their game . The project ended up being the 10th largest Kickstarter project of all time .
Whitmore , who is in the process of recording a new album of original work with their cousin Luke Tweedy , explained the oddity of landing a gig like this while taking a break in the control room at Flat Black Studios .
“ It was weird . They just contacted me , ” said Whitmore . “ They said the president of [ inXile ] was a fan of my music and they wanted me to do the voice for this character .
The company offered to fly them to a fancy studio in New York , put them up for a couple days and record the dialogue . But , Whitmore felt more comfortable recording their lines here in Iowa City , and convinced the company to let them record at Flat Black Studios by sending them a demo that they and Tweedy recorded after first being offered the project . Once inXile heard the demo , they gave Whitmore and Tweedy the green light . They sent a director from Los Angeles to the small , garage studio and they went to work .
“ Luke and I have worked on so much stuff , ” said Whitmore . “ It made sense to do it here . Their setup is world class . I 'd put them up against anyone in New York . ”
Whitmore 's character in Wasteland 2 is a general in charge of a misfit company of soldiers who are sent out west after Los Angeles is inexplicably destroyed and “ wiped off the map , ” explained Tweedy .
After seeing early gameplay footage , Whitmore 's role as the grizzled general makes perfect sense . The character sports a cowboy hat , full beard and aviator sunglasses , a look that you could easily and comically imagine Whitmore dressed up as if they were in a Hollywood movie .
Advertisement
The game has a similar feeling to the Borderlands or Fallout video game series , and describes itself as the “ godfather of post-apocalyptic RPGs . ”
The recording process , which is only half finished , has taken two , short sessions of rapid fire recording and sending files back to Los Angeles for approval .
“ It was a lot harder than I thought it was gon na be , ” said Whitmore . “ How do you sound angry when you 're not angry , you know ? It gave me more respect for actors . ”
They laughed and brought up Robert DeNiro as a comparison .
“ When DeNiro acts sad , they have to tap into something that 's not there . But what I 'm doing is a little sillier , ” explained Whitmore. ” I mean , I 'm being attacked by killer plants . ”
Wasteland 2 is set for release in October 2013 on PC and Mac .
Students Who Get Better Career Guidance Remember College More Fondly
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
Of all of the departments universities cultivate , career services could be the most important .
A new survey of 11,483 college graduates , for the Gallup-Purdue Index , found graduates who reported `` very helpful '' campus career-services experiences were 5.8 times more likely to say their university prepared them for life after college , 3.4 times more likely to recommend their school and 2.6 times more likely to donate to their alma mater than graduates who found their campus career help `` not at all helpful . ''
So who found career services helpful and who did n't ? Those who studied humanities were the most likely to report disappointment — 22 percent said campus career-services were not helpful . That 's compared to 4 percent of engineering students .
And in a breakdown by race , the survey found white students were the least likely to use these services — 50 percent , compared to 65 percent of black students and 64 percent of Asian students . White students were also the least likely to report the services they got were `` very helpful . ''
Not surprisingly , the survey found that students who have high loan debt sought out career services in big numbers . But those deeply indebted students also reported very low levels of satisfaction with the services they received .
Brandon Busteed , executive director for Gallup 's Education and Workforce Development , says all these findings should push universities to examine how they 're offering career coaching . Their advice : Start earlier .
`` Why not have career-service advice and counseling during first-year student orientation ? Before they even arrive , '' says Busteed . `` If it 's the kind of thing you only visit your junior or senior year , that 's probably not sufficient . ''
And while getting students to think about career options early , before they pick a major , is important , Busteed stresses , students need quality coaching to feel set up for success .
`` It sounds simple but it 's not necessarily what you majored in , it 's not what institution you went to , '' they say . `` It 's whether or not you had high quality experiences . ''
The Gallup report ultimately found little difference in alumni attitudes between those who used campus career services overall and those who did n't . But for those graduates who felt their career-services experiences were high quality , and helpful to them after graduation , engagement with their alma mater was `` dramatically '' higher .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Hillary Clinton : `` Unless the Syrian forces end these attacks , we 're going to see an escalation of conflict ''
The US has expressed concern over reports that Syria is moving troops near the border with Turkey , and warned of a possible escalation of conflict .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the reported Syrian troops movements were `` very worrisome '' .
They said it could increase the risk of a border clash with Turkey and worsen the plight of refugees .
Syrian tanks and snipers reportedly entered the village of Khirbet al-Jouz , forcing residents to flee to Turkey .
More than 1,300 people are said to have been killed since a crackdown on anti-government protests began in March .
Thousands more protesters have been detained , opposition activists say .
Several Syrian cities - including Homs and Hama - have declared a general strike after deadly clashes with security forces and supporters of President Bashar al-Assad earlier this week .
'Terror '
`` If true , that aggressive action will only exacerbate the already unstable refugee situation in Syria , '' Mrs Clinton said on Thursday evening .
`` Unless the Syrian forces immediately end their attacks and their provocations that are not only now affecting their own citizens but ( raising ) the potential of border clashes , then we 're going to see an escalation of conflict in the area . ''
Mrs Clinton also reiterated Washington 's calls for President Assad to either implement promised reforms or resign .
Image caption Many Syrians have fled to refugee camps in neighbouring Turkey
`` It is further example of the lengths to which President Assad 's regime will go to repress the people of Syria rather than actually working in a collaborative way to try to resolve the legitimate concerns of the Syrian people . ''
The Syrian government 's recent military offensive in the north of the country has forced thousands of Syrians to flee towards Turkey .
Many crossed the border , but a significant number opted to camp on the Syrian side of the border - preferring to remain on Syrian soil as long as possible .
One man said 2,130 people in their camp had fled Khirbet al-Jouz to avoid being attacked by the army , which was surrounding the camps on the Syrian side of the border .
`` This is a way of terrorising people , '' the man told BBC Arabic .
Countering reports that thousands of Syrians were fleeing into Turkey , the Damascus government said on Thursday that more than 500 Syrians had returned to their homes . It also said they had been forced to flee by gunmen .
Turkish mobilisation
A BBC journalist who visited Khirbet al-Jouz at the weekend said the village was all but deserted by residents who anticipated the army moving in .
Troops moved into the village early on Thursday morning , according to eyewitnesses .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's Matthew Price visited Khirbet al-Jouz on Sunday and found it to be virtually deserted
Residents and journalists in the Turkish village Guvecci said they could see military activity across the border .
Umit Bektas , a Reuters photographer positioned on a hillside on the Turkish side , said they had seen armoured vehicles taking up positions on the Syrian hillside , apparently with the aim of preventing more Syrians from reaching the camps next to the border .
Those fleeing were expected to join some 11,000 Syrians already taking refuge at tent cities erected by the Turkish Red Crescent in the border province of Hatay .
Turkish forces have mobilised along the border .
The BBC 's Jonathan Head in Istanbul says it is not clear how the Turkish government - which has been increasingly critical of Syria - will respond to seeing troops harrying refugees who had assumed they were under de facto Turkish protection .
Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem on Thursday called on Turkey to review its position , stressing that Ankara had always been a close ally of Damascus .
Syrian authorities also say they have eased restrictions to allow opposition figures to attend a conference in Damascus on Monday .
However , only independents - those not affiliated to opposition groups - will be allowed to attend . Signatories of the 2005 Damascus Declaration - a joint call for reform by Syria 's most well-known intellectuals and dissidents - are barred .
‘ Recasting ' the Infamous Cripplefoot Tracks of 1969
Right beside the famed 1967 Patterson/Gimlin footage , many enthusiasts believe the other pillar of irrefutable Bigfoot evidence to be the 1969 Bossburg , Washington cripplefoot tracks . In this small community just south of the Canadian border , at least 1089 individual footprints were discovered by a enthusiastic team of Bigfoot hunters . On the surface these appetizing pieces of evidence are remarkable , but what is the real story ? The Patterson/Gimlin footage ignited a fever among Bigfoot hunters in 1967 , and just two years later these tracks once again hypnotized researchers . But does this unique piece of Bigfoot evidence truly hold that much weight ? In this case , it 's essential to look beyond the footprints , right into the eyes of several overzealous Bigfooters .
What events lead to the cripplefoot cast ?
In November of 1969 notable researcher Rene Dahinden received a phone call from colleague John Greene . Greene explained that a fellow Bigfooter named Ivan Marx was tracking a crippled Sasquatch , evidenced by a malformed footprint found in the mud by a butcher around the town dump . Rene traveled to Bossburg to investigate . Though trampled by curious locals , the muddy grounds around the dump did yield at least one complete footprint preserved beneath a cardboard box . Rene photographed it and took a plaster cast .
Rene performed due-diligence about town , holding interviews and investigating the surrounding wilderness for more evidence . Mystified by the extraordinary crippled trait , they made base in Bossburg , living in a trailer on Marx 's property . For the next several days they made rounds about the town fringes , dropping infrequent , random piles of meat scraps as Bigfoot bait .
The morning of December 13th brought Rene 's best chance to nab the Cripple . Cruising the banks of Roosevelt Lake with Ivan Marx and an interested young local man , the team pulled over near a railway crossing adjacent to the Columbia River . Marx left the car to check on one of Rene 's meat-piles . Within seconds they flew back to the car shouting “ Bigfoot tracks ! ”
The cripplefoot trackway
1089 individual footprints covered the snowy landscape , winding along the railroad , across the railroad , across the highway , over a 3 ½ foot wire fence , and underneath a pine tree . Beneath the tree they found a large impression littered with pine needles . In the center of this marking was a large clump of snow bearing a few toe prints . Rene believed that the creature stopped to shake off accumulating snow from its foot .
Upon realizing there were hundreds more tracks beyond the pine tree pit-stop , a fiery Rene abandoned all skepticism , shouting “ Now we 're going to get that hairy sonofabitch ! ”
The tracks went up a steep hill and back down the same hill , side-by-side . A deep , yellow-tinged snow patch indicated the possibility the creature stopped to urinate . No samples were collected . Beyond the pee-patch the footprints led down a steep grade parallel to the river , until they finally disappeared amidst the Columbia 's rocky shore .
What did the crippled foot look like , and what supposedly happened to ‘ the creature ' ?
The left print measured 17 ½ ” inches long and 6 ½ ” across the ball . The right , “ crippled ” foot measured 16 ½ long and 7 ” across the ball . The right print showed more compression than the left . This suggests that the body weight favored the right side .
The most notable attribute , and perhaps the sole reason this event became so delectable to the hungry group of Bigfooters , is the infamous crippled right foot . Shorter and wider than the left foot , it strangely left a deeper impression . Rene along with several academics offer their own explanations of the gnarled appendage :
Rene Dahinden , on-scene Bigfoot researcher : Believed the ‘ creature ' to have a shorter right leg and endured an accident that dislocated the shinbone .
Dr. Grover Krantz , anthropologist : Believes the tracks made by the ‘ crippled individual ' are authentic and simply too sophisticated to be faked . Notably penciled in anatomical structure of the bones upon the plaster cast .
Dr. Jeff Meldrum , Professor of Anatomy and Anthropology , expert on foot morphology and locomotion in primates : Believes the tracks to be authentic and the chances of a hoax to be “ almost non-existent. ” In an official study , they detail the structure of the foot and appears to accept Grover 's skeletal outline :
“ The malformed right foot has been previously misidentified as a case of talipes equinoverus ( clubfoot ) . However , it is consistent with the general condition of pes cavus , specifically metatarsus adductus or possibly skewfoot . Its unilateral manifestation makes it more likely that the individual was suffering from a lesion on the spinal cord rather than a congenital deformity . Regardless of the epidemiology , the pathology highlights the evident distinctions of skeletal anatomy . The prominent bunnionettes on the lateral margin of the footmark the positions of the calcaneocuboid and cuboideometatarsal joints , which are positioned more distal than in a human foot . This accords with the inferred position of the transverse tarsal joint and confirms the elongation of the heel segment . Furthermore , deformities and malalignments of the digits permit inferences about the positions of interphalangeal joints and relative toe lengths , as depicted in the reconstructed skeletal anatomy depicted below . ”
Dr. David Howe , orthopedic surgeon : Believes the prints are wholly authentic . They echo Dr. Krantz , believing that “ it would be very difficult to come up with the knowledge and the ability ” to fabricate the structure of the foot . They also feel that it could be a lisfranc injury : dislocation of the metatarsal bones from the tarsus , the cluster of bones that including the ankle and heel that are inbetween the toes and the shin bones . If the creature suffered a lisfranc injury , without medical treatment , the “ residual deformity could heal over in [ that ] direction . ”
Treachery comes to Crippleburg
The cripplefoot tracks began a Sasquatch circus in Bossburg . Over the course of a few months Bigfooters of all types flocked to the sleepy mountain town . Among them were Roger Patterson of the Patterson/Gimlin film and the asupervisorstioned John Greene . All of the colorful Bigfoot eggs were in one red-hot basket . Unfortunately for the gang , their salacious optimism no doubt attracted treacherous agents .
A mysterious prospector named Metlow appeared one evening in the Bigfooter 's trailer headquarters . The man , who I picture as some sort of shrouded , pale , devil incarnate , instigated a bidding war for control of an actual Sasquatch that they managed to trap in a deep mine shaft . They refused to let any of the men view the creature . This delectable offer divided the diehard group . With remote financial backing for each side , the bid grew every day . Swept up with excitement , Rene 's bid of $ 55,000 placed them top of the heap . Excitement faded quickly , as Metlow suddenly withdrew their proposition .
As if dangling chunks of meat for a gator congregation , Metlow returned shortly thereafter with the promise of a frozen Sasquatch foot . The group of Bigfooters once again a bit hard on the proposal . And once again they divided , coming up with nothing but whiffed air on this attempt . Simply , Metlow dangled the relic , got bored or was n't offered enough cash , and quietly withdrew .
Peter Byrne vs. Ivan Marx
The cripplefoot saga cycled back to Ivan Marx for the final chapter . The original reporter of the now famed ‘ Bossburg Cripple ' , Marx phoned old-faithful Rene nine months after the Metlow debacle ( October , 1970 ) , proclaiming , “ I 've got a film of the cripple. ” On cue , the starving gators crawled back to Crippleburg .
According to Marx , they received an anonymous phone call explaining that a “ large upright creature ” was struck on the highway by a train or a car . Marx had rallied their hunting dogs and armed themselves with a camera . It was n't long before they tracked the creature and recorded several minutes of compelling footage :
“ On the screen the Sasquatch is shown moving from right to left at an angle of about forty-five degrees away from the photographer . Distance from the subject according to Marx ranged from twenty-five feet to more than a hundred feet as it made its way into the heavy underbrush on the far side of the clearing . Probably the most impressive part of the film , besides its extreme clarity , is the fact that the Sasquatch is visibly injured , holding its right arm tightly to its chest and using its long muscular left arm for compensating balance . Also , both ankles of the creature seem badly skinned , the wounds showing plainly raw against the black hair of the legs and feet . In watching the frames singly , the injured or skinned area appears to extend onto the bottom of one foot , and possibly on both feet , which would account for the apparent pain-filled movements of the frightened creature . As the Sasquatch is nearing the far side of the clearing , a twisted tree limb is stepped on , bouncing up and striking it above knee level . Marx , the following day , photographed this stick , which was ten feet long . In comparison the creature photographed would have stood about nine feet tall and Marx estimated its weight as that of two large bears , or around seven to eight hundred pounds . ”
Ding ! Ding ! A bidding war for the rights to the original footage ensued . A fresh faced British adventurer named Peter Byrne entered the sullied arena . With backing of their own from infamous millionaire ( and Yeti enthusiast ) Tom Slick , Byrne agreed to pay Marx a $ 750 monthly retainer to continue hunting the creatures . As part of the deal , the original film would be kept in a safety deposit box . Marx happily agreed .
It was not long before the astute Byrne suspected Marx 's validity . Already doubting the footage , Byrne sought trusted help . They showed a copy of the clip to a local friend and their children . Incredibly , the children recognized the exact location of the filming . Byrne investigated . According to Marx , they tracked the creature six miles north of their home into remote foothills . Amazingly , the actual location of Marx 's short movie was indeed a spot the children were very familiar with : the furthest edge of their own ranch .
Byrne investigated and found extreme inconsistencies in Marx 's description of the setting . They also noted that the shadow of the creature shifted far enough to indicate a significant amount of time passed between shots , directly contradicting Marx 's claim that the creature was filmed over the course of a few minutes . Endless sizing and logistical inaccuracies surfaced quickly . Byrne was quite thorough : a breed not so gullible as Marx 's usual audience . The weight of the inquiries finally crippled Marx . They fled town . When Byrne opened the safety deposit box containing the original video recording , they discovered nothing more than a film roll of a Mickey Mouse cartoon .
Marx surfaced years later . They narrated and produced a Bigfoot film called The Legend of Bigfoot ( 1976 ) starring their own uniquely designed , super-cone-head Sasquatch from the previously debunked footage . They even appeared on a game show called You Asked for It peddling “ real ” photos of a Bigfoot in a snowstorm . From the beginning to end , Marx definitely had a creative flair .
So , were the cripplefoot tracks legitimate ? What the hell happened ?
Quite literally , this saga begins and ends with Ivan Marx . In my opinion it is easy to see that they carefully penned a compelling narrative of a crippled Sasquatch . Marx was an intelligent and creative guy . They recognized that a simple set of large footprints in the woods would not quench the country 's Bigfoot thirst so easily . They needed some kind of ‘ shtick . ' Thus , the most important feature of the entire tale : the crippled foot .
Was Marx desperate for the recognition attached to Roger Patterson only a few years earlier ? Was this a long-con to sell endless amounts of footage with their homemade suit a la Peter Parker snapping Spider-Man pics for The Daily Bugle ? Honestly , it sounds like all of these things crossed their mind . They decided to build a Bigfoot : a memorable monster that was to be revealed little-by-little .
I note modern professional 's evaluation that the foot could not have been faked . In this case , I point to Dr. Grover Krantz , who inadvertently legitimized Marx 's stunt for decades to come . Krantz , always a bit too personally passionate about the topic , penciled in the bone structure of the crippled foot by their lonesome . When Marx began their outline for the fake crippled foot-stamp I imagine them reading through the same anatomy textbooks as Krantz likely did one year later , completing the charade . It is not impossible to fake a footprint like this . In fact , more questions should have risen after observation that it was actually the crippled foot that received more weight in the steps . Despite their story , Marx needed that feature to stand out no matter what .
The time was perfect . They manipulated the desperation of men like Rene Dahinden to enhance belief in ‘ the Cripple ' and corral even more Bigfooters . The Patterson/Gimlin film fever entranced the nation . Marx , perhaps over-confidently , assumed they could achieve the same celebrity . They most likely believed that the creature in the 1967 footage was a fake and they could pull off something much more interesting .
If their story did n't sloppily face-plant , Marx probably would have achieved their goals . They definitely had enough creative plot points to satisfy the public for years to come : the crippled foot , the train accident , the piss in the snow , the dumpster looting , and a very unique suit . Unfortunately for Mr. Marx , they simply waded too far . By the time Peter Byrne began a series of very practical inquiries , Marx was too far out : drowning in their own remarkable fantasy . — AJ
1 “ Bigfoot Compendium ” Orgoneresearch.com
2 Meldrum , Jeff , Dr. “ Evaluation of Alleged Sasquatch Footprints and Their Inferred Functional Morphology. ” www2.isu.edu/ . Idaho State University , n.d . Web .
3 Hunter , Don , and Rene Dahinden . Sasquatch . N.p . : Mass Market Paperback , 1975 . Print .
4 Sasquatchalliance . “ Ivan Marx Sasquatch Footage. ” YouTube . YouTube , 20 June 2008 . Web .
5 Critical Evidence . By Liz Pollock . Perf . Dr. Jeff Meldrum , Dr. David Howe . 2009 . Monsterquest : Season 3 , Episode 19 . Web .
6 Byrne , Peter . “ The Hoaxed Ivan Marx Footage , as Told by Peter Byrne… ” Bigfootencounters.com . N.p. , Sept. 2003 . Web .
A young child escaped with their life after plummeting five floors from an apartment building in central Richmond .
The girl , thought to be four or five years old , fell more than 60 feet from a seventh-floor balcony on Wednesday afternoon onto a gravel-covered canopy on the second floor .
article continues below
Incredibly , after the horrific plunge – at the 12-storey Panorama Place complex on Granville Avenue close to Gilbert Road – the girl sustained serious , but non-life-threatening injuries .
However , the second-floor resident who called 911 and kept the girl calm until emergency services arrived , was told by paramedics how they discovered that the child was home alone .
A photo taken from inside the second floor of the building shows the little girl , moments after their dramatic plunge , miraculously sitting up and being attended to by a fire-fighter . Photo submitted by Victor Larichev
“ I was about to leave my apartment when I heard this very loud sound , ” said Anna Larichev .
“ I thought something big had fallen over in the apartment and started looking around . I could n't see anything .
“ But then I happened to look outside and there was this little girl lying face down on the canopy outside . They are n't moving at first . But after a few seconds , they started to roll over . ”
A photo taken from inside the second floor of the building shows the little girl miraculously sitting up and being attended to by paramedics . Photo submitted by Victor Larichev
Larichev called 911 and then went out onto their own balcony , adjacent to the canopy , to tell the girl to stay where they are .
“ I could maybe have reached them with a ladder , but the operator told me not to risk getting hurt or to move the girl in case they had injuries , ” they added , noting the incident happened about 2:40 p.m .
“ I do n't know what would have happened if I was n't at home . They were trying to crawl , but was n't really crying that much . It was amazing . All I could hear them saying was ‘ police ' and ‘ help . '
“ I was worried they were going to crawl off the canopy onto the ground . ”
Paramedics told Larichev they suspected the girl had broken ankles and arms .
“ There was a paper airplane on the canopy , so I assume they threw that over and was trying to get to it . ”
This graphic of Panorama Place , on Granville Avenue near Gilbert Road , illustrates the height from which the girl fell off a seventh-floor balcony
The BC Ambulance Service would n't give out any information , as per its policy for “ routine ” incidents .
A spokesperson for Richmond Fire-Rescue ( RFR ) , which was first to attend , said it responded to an incident on Granville Avenue where a young child fell from the seventh floor onto a canopy one floor above ground level .
“ The child was alert and able to communicate with our teams on arrival , however sustained serious injuries to the lower extremities , along with the potential of internal injuries . ”
RFR recommends that families evaluate their homes to identify all hazards and that young children are `` always closely supervised and especially when close to hazardous areas such as on balconies , and open windows . ''
Richmond RCMP confirmed it was called in by RFR after receiving information about injuries to a young child .
A spokesperson for Richmond RCMP told The News how the girl “ miraculously ” sustained only non-life threatening injuries .
The News understands that the B.C . government 's Ministry of Children and Family Development is now investigating .
Queen 's University law students are reaching out to local community organizations to provide free legal services as part of Pro Bono Students Canada . The national law organization has provided more than 125,000 hours of free legal services to nearly 500 public interest organizations .
The Queen 's chapter has been providing legal services for 15 years .
Rosa Stall ( l ) , Adam Giel and Ainsley Hunter run the Queen 's chapter of Pro Bono Students Canada .
“ We are one of 21 chapters in Canada that are working to bridge the access to justice gap , ” says Adam Giel ( Law'16 ) . “ Law students work on a volunteer basis and develop practical legal skills , which is valuable for their career development , while helping out community groups and non-profit organizations . ”
Each year , groups apply to the Queen 's chapter of Pro Bono Students Canada and present a project where legal assistance is needed . Short-term projects are the foundation of the program , but Mr. Giel says they also can work on projects spanning several years .
Queen 's law students have worked with a number of different organizations including the chambers of commerce in Kingston and Napanee , public groups relating to the Wellington St. extension and other municipal issues , the Boys and Girls Club 's Youth Diversion Program , the Kingston Chamber Choir and Habitat for Humanity . Mr. Giel says their goal this year is to expand the number and type of projects .
Though not practicing lawyers , the students in the program can provide a wide range of legal services under the supervision of a qualified lawyer . The services include :
Drafting policies or manuals for organizations
Delivering public legal education workshops and seminars
Providing legal information to organizations , helping with legal research and answering questions about all areas of law
“ Our supervisors are not just lawyers , they are mentors , ” explains Mr. Giel . “ Along with helping the community , it 's a great opportunity for students to learn from experts and also network . It also exposes the students to different types of law and to career opportunities in the public interest . This program is important to the faculty , students and the community as a whole . ”
A few project spots are still available for the upcoming academic year . For information on the Queen 's chapter visit the website .
on •
This is a story about planes . Private planes , small planes .
I 'm not a pilot . I 'm not planning on becoming a pilot . At my core , I 'm engineer and a science fangirl , and I love to constantly learn new things . I like to learn new things that are difficult , but I need to be interested in them . I 'm not going to teach myself high-energy particle physics – not because it 's too hard , but because the details are n't interesting enough for me to master . I 'd rather watch , or read , about someone else 's discoveries.I got my creds , though . I 'd have Brian Cox 's love child .
My first boyfriend had their pilot 's license . I did not get in a plane with a 17-year-old with a new license , in case you are wondering . My dad , who served in the Air Force for over 20 years , had their private license and instrument rating , although they have n't flown in many years . I 've worked for several companies that had planes to help manage travel . I 've flown in small two-seaters and in Gulf Stream jets .
I 've been working in my Dream Job for several years . A while back , we ( meaning the company ) acquired a 2008 Pilatus PC-12-NG , a single-engine turbo prop that holds a pilot and nine passengers . Our “ mission ” is cross-country trips to our field offices or remotely-located job sites . Since the plane is designed for a single pilot , I occasionally got to sit in the right-hand seat ( the co-pilot ) and began to learn the language , ask endless questions of the pilots , and sometimes operate the radio to check in with air traffic ( “ Houston Center , good afternoon , this is Alpha Bravo one-two-three , checking in at 22 ” ) . I had good teachers : our corporate pilot is a former Navy Jet pilot and flew jets off of and on to carriers ( which prompts a lot of jokes about them only being able to land directly into the wind , with a tailhook to catch him ) . They also flew for a televangelist , which I will write about soon . I call them “ Striker ” . Our other primary pilot flew for American Airlines for over 20 years . They 've got experience .
Recently , we traded this wonderful plane for a 2000 Lear 31 , which is faster but much cheaper to buy . Alas , it requires two pilots , so I no longer can sit up front , but we get around faster . Since the plane is more expensive to operate on an hourly basis , we have to do the economics , depending on who needs to travel , whether it 's better to take this or commercial flights . On a personal basis , let 's just say the benefits of speed and not messing with lines and security outweigh the frequent flier points .
A year ago , we got a late-model Cirrus SR-22 . THIS is a seriously cool airplane . A single-engine plane , it has a kick-ass Avionics package and computer system – dual GPS , XM satellite uplink with constantly updating weather maps , everything slick and modern . That 's not even the cool part . This is the cool part :
The plane has a parachute . I do n't mean that you have a parachute that you can put on and jump out of the plane . I mean , the PLANE has a parachute . Here 's a video of the plane going into a spin , and the parachute being deployed . I 'm told that no one has ever died in a Cirrus , if they have deployed the parachute under the design conditions , which essentially are – above 500 feet , and less than 135 mph . Lower than that , and the chute may not have time to fully deploy . Much faster than that , the chute can rip away from the plane . Having a parachute ca n't make up for inexperience or poor judgement . I 've got a check list and have been trained on how to pull back the throttle to slow the plane and kill the engine , and pull the chute . I know how to use the radio , and will eventually learn how to program in the flight plan . I also know how to turn off the autopilot : I talk using my hands , and sometimes have bumped the button on the co-pilot 's control stick . The pilot just rolls their eyes and resets everything .
The parachute is a good thing to have , not just for back-up safety , because this plane has been called the ‘ doctor killer ” . It 's the Ferrari of planes . When you learn how to fly , you learn on a simple plane , such as a Cessna 152 , so that you can learn to fly . You have to learn the physics of flying , the technology , how to file flight plans and talk to the controllers , how to recognize weather , how to know your limitations and the limitations of the machine . The running joke is that some who has a lot of disposal income , and wants to fly , will go out and buy the biggest and baddest plane they can find , something flashy and prestigious . It 's too much plane for a beginner , and so they get into trouble and do n't have the experience to manage the situation . Hence , ‘ doctor killer . '
Another part of flying in private planes , away from the commercial airports , are the Fixed Based Operators , known as FBOs . These are the usually privately-owned centers that general aviation ( i.e , noncommercial ) pilots used to fuel and file flight plans , hangar or tie-down their planes , and other services . FBOs are a place where you would go to take flying lessons or rent a plane . Pilots , who are frequently contract or employees of company planes and have a bit of waiting-around time , will find lounges and sometimes beds . They are places that will arrange for a rental or loaner cars , have weather stations , mechanics , and other necessities . Some FBOs are rather rustic ( Rock Springs , Wyoming ) , but many of them are upscale ( Centennial in Denver ) , including short-skirted women who roll out red carpets and drive the passengers to the terminal in golf carts . The women 's lounges will often have hair driers and curling irons , lotions , soaps , fresh toothbrushes and mouthwash , and baskets of “ women 's hygienic products ” . Although I tend to fly into the same locations over and over , I always find it interesting to see what the FBOs are like .
I still do n't ( yet ) have a desire to get my license , but I constantly ask questions of the pilot – how does this work , what is this called , why do we do this . I do n't have to be asked twice if I want to go in the Cirrus rather than fly commercial . The seats and legroom in the plane exceed Business Class . I mean , flying in the peaceful sky , above the clouds , absorbing all the technology and protocol , and never going through TSA molestation ? Cutting hours off my trips ? Are you kidding me ?
Related articles
0.000000 0.000000
Share this :
Tweet
Email
Pocket
Like this : Like Loading ...
Categories : Travel , Work and Jobs
We get it , you 're a pilot ( Yes , we saw you flip your scarf over your shoulder and put aviators on ) . But there are some rules you 've got to follow . ..
1 ) Every takeoff is optional . Every landing is mandatory .
2 ) If you push the stick forward , the houses get bigger . If you pull the stick back , the houses get smaller . That is , unless you pull the stick all the way back , then they get bigger again .
3 ) Flying is n't dangerous . Crashing is what 's dangerous .
4 ) It 's better to be down here wishing you were up there , than up there wishing you were down here .
5 ) The only time you have too much fuel is when you 're on fire .
6 ) The propellor is just a big fan in front used to keep the pilot cool . When it stops , you can actually watch the pilot start sweating .
7 ) When in doubt , hold on to your altitude . No one has every collided with the sky .
8 ) A `` good '' landing is one from which you can walk away . A `` great '' landing is one from which you can use the plane again .
9 ) Learn from the mistakes of others . You wo n't live long enough to make all of them yourself .
10 ) You know you 've landed with the wheels up if it takes full power to taxi to the ramp .
11 ) The probability of survival is inversely proportional to the angle of arrival . Large angle of arrival , small probability of survival and vice versa .
12 ) Stay out of the clouds . The silver lining everyone keeps talking about might be another airplane going the opposite direction . Mountains have also been known to hide out in clouds .
13 ) Always try to keep the number of landings you make equal to the number of takeoffs you 've made .
14 ) There are three simple rules for making a smooth landing . Unfortunately no one knows what they are .
15 ) You start with a bag full of luck and an empty bag of experience . The trick is to fill the back of experience before you empty the bag of luck .
16 ) If all you can see out of the window is ground that 's going round and round and all you can hear is commotion coming from the passenger compartment , things are not as they should be .
17 ) In the ongoing battle between objects made of aluminum going hundreds of miles per hour and the ground going zero miles per hour , the ground has yet to lose .
18 ) Good judgement comes from experience . Unfortunately , the experience usually comes from bad judgement .
19 ) It 's always a good idea to keep the pointy end going forward as much as possible .
20 ) Keep looking around . There 's always something you 've missed .
21 ) Remember , gravity is not just a good idea . It 's the law . And it 's not subject to repeal .
22 ) The four most useless things to a pilot are altitude above you , runway behind you , gas back at the airport , and a 10th of a second ago .
23 ) There are old pilots and there are bold pilots . There are , however , no old , bold pilots .
This was re-published from an awesome newspaper clipping , presumably from the UK ( hence the spelling found inside ) . Check out the original image below :
What other rules of flight are there ? Tell us in the comments below .
Ryuk is a Shinigami in the series , Death Note . They have these , like , freaky-ass yellow eyes with red irises . Their mouth is huge , so it looks like he 's always smiling . He 's kind of like The Joker that way . Their head looks tiny compared to the rest of their freakishly tall body . Needless to say , they are n't all that popular with the girls.So , anyway , Ryuk was bored . They dropped a supernatural notebook outside of an equally bored high school student 's school . Light Imagay saw it fall from the sky and decided to retrieve the fucking thing.Ryuk 's mission was then accomplished . They now had a pet , and what an adorable pet Imagay proved to be . So cute , how they attempted to rid the world of scum and be the God of the New World.Or something.Ryuk was enraptured with the way Light ate their potato chips , guiltlessly killed so many people , jacked off to soft core porn , and indulged in the joys of Spaceland . It was an intelligent move for the Shinigami , to drop their Death Note in the human world . This definitely proved to be much more fun than trying to seduce Rem , who everyone knows is a lesbian . That did n't stop those horny Shinigami , though.Anyway.Back to the story.Yeah , so , some epic shit went down after L died at the Yellow Box Warehouse . Wait ... what the fuck ? Is that a misplaced modifier ? Sorry . Shit went down at the Yellow Box Warehouse after L had died . That should clear up any confusion.So , Mikami stabbed themselves with a pen or something and bled all over the fucking place . Ryuk did n't like being left out of the fun , so after Light left the warehouse , stumbling 'n shit 'cause Matsuda shot them and all , Ryuk decided to kill Lighto for the lulz.Light ... like , died on the stairs , or something . It was pretty epic.It probably sucked for Ryuk more than it sucked for Light . Ryuk could no longer be entertained by their beloved pet , as their pet was dead . And not moving . And just not fun anymore.Damn.By that time , Rem was dead , too . They like , turned into dust ... or something . But that meant that Ryuk could n't continue their quest to seduce the unseduceable.Poor Ryuk was left petless and sexually frustrated . They had also run out of those Granny Smiths that Light had always provided for him , which sucked . A lot.Ryuk , utterly depressed , floated back to the Shinigami Realm to take part in borderline gay activities with their fellow Shinigami.And that was the end of that .
FEMALE masturbation is not a topic you would normally expect a politician to bring up in conversation .
Neither is pornography nor a candidate 's sex life .
But then again , Australian Independents Leader , Dr Patricia Petersen , has n't followed a stereotypical election campaign in the lead-up to the September 7 vote .
Dr Petersen claims 50 % of prostitutes are full-time university students .
They say students speak to them because of their belief they are `` broad-minded and non-judgmental '' .
This is based on a research paper and a book Dr Petersen wrote in the mid-1990s on `` pornography 's legitimate place in society '' and `` Morality : Sexual facts and fantasies '' .
Despite the somewhat lurid topics , Dr Petersen says they are `` very conservative , sexually '' .
`` I 'm not interested in doing some of the things adults do , but I do n't feel governments should interfere , '' the philosophy doctorate said .
`` I do despair at the number of young people who are not 'choosing ' to work in the sex industry ; I think they are being forced .
`` Her party is committed to abolishing TAFE and HECS fees .
They said `` well over 500 students '' had approached them revealing they were working as prostitutes .
`` And it 's not just young women ; it is men as well , '' they said .
Dr Petersen says they have been faithful to their partner for the past 12 years and was `` more in love now than before '' .
Them research papers were written to argue adult women `` have the right to do what they please with their body '' .
Specifically , when it came to `` female masturbation '' .
`` I do think for women , masturbation has historically been a big taboo . Women should be able to take care of themselves ( sexually ) . ''
While Dr Petersen has never had children , they said they felt moved by Lisa Curry 's story on how they hoped to fall pregnant again at 51 and considered it for herself .
`` My partners have had grown up children , '' they said .
`` The sad thing is physically I am fertile , socially I am infertile . ''
Capitalism means that there is much more research into male baldness than there is into diseases such as malaria , which mostly affect poor people , said Bill Gates , speaking at the Royal Academy of Engineering 's Global Grand Challenges Summit . `` Our priorities are tilted by marketplace imperatives , '' they said . `` The malaria vaccine in humanist terms is the biggest need . But it gets virtually no funding . But if you are working on male baldness or other things you get an order of magnitude more research funding because of the voice in the marketplace than something like malaria . ''
As a result , governments and philanthropic organisations have to step in to offset this `` flaw in the pure capitalistic approach '' . The Gates Foundation focuses on finding underinvested areas of basic science and focusing an innovation agenda on the needs of the poor , specifically looking at education and health .
Do n't miss : Stunning volcanic lightning captured on film by photographer
Advertisement
< img src= '' http : //cdni.wired.co.uk/195x130/s_v/Volcano-5.jpg '' alt= '' Volcano '' style= '' display : block ; margin-left : auto ; margin-right : auto ; '' / >
Read next Bill Gates just gave a whopping $ 4.6bn to charity Bill Gates just gave a whopping $ 4.6bn to charity
Gates identified a number of key challenges that they called `` daunting '' . The first was feeding the world when we have a population of 10 billion . They argued that tools of the `` genetic revolution '' could equally apply to understanding seeds and key crops in the world to help understand how to grow more food .
A bigger challenge affecting the poorest in the world is infectious disease . `` For helping out the poorest we still need very simple things -- keeping vaccines refrigerated . But where there 's no electricity , delivering diesel or propane is hard , we have tens of thousands of children who die because the vaccine supply chain does n't have these tools , '' Gates said . `` We still have a lot of deaths that really should n't take place . ''
Advertisement
They hope to see the mortality of children under the age of five to reduce from seven million per year to below three million by 2030 . That 's from a massive 20 million in the 1960s , where children were dying of small pox , diarrhoea , measles , malaria and pneumonia .
Gates felt that the medical engineering community could focus its attention on depot treatments ( where slow-release drugs are injected into the skin to deliver treatment over a long time period ) . `` Why is it so much harder to get medicine used in the developing world versus the rich world ? Because people have to go back and visit again and again . But if you could give TB medicine or birth control that would leak over 60 days , that would make a huge difference . ''
Another key area where engineers can help is keeping vaccines cold . `` Engineers are going to invent a magic thermos that leaks heat so little we do n't need a power source . Or some laser shooting device that can kill mosquitos . In almost every disease there are things that go well beyond the bounds of biology . ''
Read next How Jeff Bezos spends their billions – compared to other wealthy tech leaders How Jeff Bezos spends their billions – compared to other wealthy tech leaders
Climate change is a major challenge and Gates argued that we need engineering innovation that gives us low cost power and emits no CO2 . `` Governments could be doing more to fund the basic research , but we need to solve it very quickly . We do n't have the luxury of waiting . ''
When asked by an audience member whether it was possible to build a social company that is also profitable , Gates said : `` There are a number of areas where you can build a product that has value in the rich world , for middle income countries and the poorest .
Ideally you create a business model that lets you get your margin from the rich countries and the middle income countries , or through tiering customers in developing countries . ''
They cited eye clinics in India that offer free lens replacement and other treatments to the poor but charges those who can afford it as a good example of a tiered system . However , they concluded that `` it takes a lot of creativity to get the best of both worlds '' .
Advertisement
With regards to encouraging more students into STEM education , Gates said : `` It 's kind of surprising that we have such a deficit of people going into those fields . Look at where you can have the most interesting job that pays well and will have impact on society -- all three of those things line up to say science and engineering and yet in most rich countries we see decline . Asia is an exception . ''
They added that in the last few years in the US , computer science has seen enrolment go back to 1999 levels , but that the sciences broadly had big deficits as well as a lack of racial diversity and gender diversity . `` We are failing to get women in . There must be something about how we teach the sciences that make them not seem that attractive . ''
Image : 3777190317 / Shutterstock.com
1 of 1 2 of 1
At a neighbourhood diner in Vancouver , everything must go at the end of the day . Starting at 5 o'clock , anyone can walk in for a complimentary meal at Lupii Café .
“ You can eat so I do n't have to put any of the food that I 've made fresh for today into the landfill , ” says restaurant owner Lisa Papania .
Lupii Café opened almost a year ago in Champlain Heights , on the southeast side of the city , as a zero-waste restaurant focused on serving the neighbourhood .
The environment and community are important for Papania . These are concepts they talk about as a lecturer on marketing and entrepreneurship at SFU 's Beedie School of Business .
“ There 's no real importance for people to take care of the Earth if they do n't really care about the people who are living on the Earth , ” they said .
According to Papania , protecting the environment and creating vibrant and healthy communities should go together .
In its daily operations , Lupii Café embodies the fusion of environmen-tal and social sustainability at the grassroots level . On the community side , the establishment prepares food at a price that many can afford .
Throughout the day , it offers a buffet of vegetarian dishes and dessert , plus coffee , tea , and hot chocolate , all for $ 5 per guest .
When the Georgia Straight visited the diner at 7743 Champlain Crescent on April 14 , there was a pot of peanut curry with chickpeas . Another had cauliflower with jalapeño . A third crock had lentils and pasta . There was a big bowl of eggs with cheese . Also available were two kinds of yogurt , bread , cookies , smoothies , hot drinks , and fresh fruit .
Papania said that they made enough food for a hundred people . “ We never know how many people are going to be coming through the café at any point in time , ” they said , “ and because my mandate is to not have any waste , at the end of the day , I want people in this neighbourhood to be able to eat . ”
Earlier in the morning , one of the café 's employees , Carrie Cassidy , hosted their regular Thursday neighbourhood drop-in for moms with young kids . And every Wednesday , Alan Wong , former manager of Champlain Video , which used to operate at the café 's current spot , does their homework club to help kids with their school lessons .
Since the restaurant opened last May , Lupii Café has been hosting free monthly community dinners .
For its coffee and chocolate , the restaurant buys from East Van Roasters , a social enterprise . The supplier employs residents of the Rainier Hotel , a Vancouver Downtown Eastside housing facility that supports women recovering from alcohol and drug addictions .
Papania and their husband , Daniel , do not take compensation from the café revenues . Daniel teaches management-information systems at UBC and is working on their doctoral degree . They employ local people at above-average wages .
Through food and community events , Lupii Café aims to connect people . According to Papania , if people know each other they will likely take more responsibility for the things they do .
“ One of the things that I 've always found is that people go , ‘ It 's just me . It 's just me throwing my piece of garbage away , ' ” they said , using recycling as an example . “ And if everyone is ‘ just me ' , and if you 've got a billion people acting the same way , it 's destructive . ”
As an academic , Papania teaches their SFU students about the value of reducing waste . They take them to the landfill to recover wood and other materials that they use to make new objects .
At Lupii Café , nothing goes to waste . There are no disposable cups , cutlery , or napkins . Clients can take out coffee in mason jars with a returnable deposit of $ 2 . The food counter , tables , and chairs are made of reclaimed wood .
Fruit and vegetable scraps are taken to a nearby farm in Burnaby and fed to animals . Coffee grounds and other byproducts are composted .
“ The things that I teach and the things that I have been researching have always been about how we start to make better things , [ and ] how we make better choices , ” Papania said .
The SFU lecturer noted that , generally , changing people 's behaviour is not easy .
“ We have so many cultural habits around taking more food than we need , buying more food than we need , [ and ] buying food that we do n't need and wasting it , ” they said .
Papania , their husband , and their young daughter are long-time residents in Champlain Heights . They said that opening Lupii Café has made them closer to their neighbours . According to her , many community members have embraced the model of sustainability embodied by the café , and this has given their faith in the capacity of humankind to take care of its people and the planet .
“ If we do this more , ” Papania said , “ I think there is an opportunity to change the way we live . ”
By Chris “ Kikila ” Perrin
Police surveillance is , one might argue , necessary . In an effort to detect and arrest criminals , the police require a certain array of tactics that can help them gather evidence that leads to prosecution of guilty parties .
Problems arise , however , when that surveillance and investigation transcend the direct , the specific , and focus not on the criminal , but the totality of a community .
For the Vancouver Police , the August 2016 revelation that they had used a Stingray ( a “ cell-site simulator ” ) is proving difficult to address , continuing the debate as to how far police powers and state surveillance should go .
Coming in the wake of a recent discovery of police abuses in Quebec — where provincial and municipal police forces had spied on reporters — the broader implications of August 's discovery are not being lost on the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association ( BCCLA ) .
Stingray devices , the BCCLA point out , “ intercept cell phones ' connections to communications towers in order to scoop up data from cellphones in a given geographical area , ” meaning that all of the cell traffic in a given area is collected by police , no matter the criminality of the individual or warrant permission the police have obtained . It is exactly this massive , NSA-style “ data scooping ” that makes the use of such devices a civil rights issue .
Problematically for residents of Vancouver , there are few laws that regulate the use of such devices . With little legal oversight , the ability for police to collect data on a large group of people means that the introduction of technologies such as cell-site simulators offer the state the ability to collect data on citizens who have every right to their privacy .
Since the Snowden Revelations , discussions of the ethical implication of mass police surveillance and State power do n't seem to be going away . What the VPD example shows , however , is that this type of surveillance , this collection of large blocks of data , is no longer just in the hands of a federal or international agency , but has come into the community .
The High Representative of the European Union for Foreign and Security Policy and Vice–President of the European Commission , Federica Mogherini , and the Minister of Finance of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , Eklil Hakimi , today signed a Cooperation Agreement on Partnership and Development ( CAPD ) , in the presence of the President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan Ashraf Ghani .
`` The European Union has always stood by the Afghan people and will continue to do so . After the very successful international conference we have jointly chaired in Brussels last year , now our cooperation grows even more . The Cooperation Agreement we have signed today will allow us to build on the areas that we already engage with the Afghan authorities on , such as human development , anti-corruption , state building , and the rule of law , as well as cooperation on migration . This agreement is a partnership agreement by name and by nature . The European Union will keep working with our Afghan partners for the stability and the sustainable development of the country , for the sake of all Afghans , '' said the High Representative/Vice-President , Federica Mogherini .
Minister Hakimi underlined that : `` The Cooperation Agreement on Partnership and Development ( CAPD ) is a vital new framework for partnership between Afghanistan and the European Union . This agreement builds on our mutual commitments for stability and development made in Bonn in 2011 , in Tokyo in 2012 , in London in 2014 and renewed at the Brussels Conference on Afghanistan last year . It also formalises our partnership and provides an opportunity to strengthen friendship and cooperation between Afghanistan and the EU by conducting regular political dialogue on various fronts including on support for peace , security and development in Afghanistan and the region . I thank Ms. Mogherini , on behalf of the EU , for opening up a new chapter in the Afghanistan-EU relationship . ”
The Cooperation Agreement on Partnership and Development is the first contractual relationship between the Union and Afghanistan and establishes the legal framework for EU-Afghanistan cooperation . The agreement confirms the EU 's commitment to Afghanistan 's future development during the `` Decade of Transformation '' ( 2015-2024 ) . It will provide a basis for the EU 's ongoing support to Afghanistan in the implementation of its comprehensive and detailed reform programme .
The CAPD reflects the principles and conditions for the EU-Afghanistan partnership , with an emphasis on holding regular dialogue on political issues , including human rights , in particular the rights of women and children , which are essential elements of this agreement . The Agreement will provide the basis for developing a mutually beneficial relationship in an increasing range of areas such as the rule of law , health , rural development , education , science and technology , as well as actions to combat corruption , money laundering , the financing of terrorism , organised crime and narcotics . It also foresees cooperation on migration . The Cooperation Agreement will also enable the EU and Afghanistan to jointly address global challenges , such as nuclear security , non-proliferation and climate change .
India 's most immediate concern is fueling its economy , which has slowed in the past year . India buys about 12 percent of its crude oil from Iran , and many Indian refineries have been built to run solely on Iranian crude , meaning they would have to be retrofitted in order to process oil from other countries .
“ To shift is not something that can be done very easily , ” said one senior Indian official , who would speak only on the condition of anonymity given the delicacy of the situation . The official added : “ Where would we get that refining capacity ? Who would be our new suppliers ? ”
Even so , India has tried for several years to reduce its dependence on Iranian crude oil , partly because of the new sanctions by the Obama administration punishing any banks that do business with Iran . To work around these sanctions , Indian oil companies have made payments to Iran through a bank in Turkey that fell outside the American restrictions .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
However , Indian officials are preparing for the likelihood that the Turkish avenue may soon be closed . The senior Indian official confirmed recent reports that India and Iran had agreed on a deal in which Indian companies would pay for 45 percent of their imports in Indian rupees — thus avoiding the need to pay in dollars — and might even settle the remainder of the debts through barter .
Last month , Senator Mark Warner , Democrat of Virginia and leader of the India Caucus in Congress , met with several government ministers in New Delhi . “ The issue came up , ” Mr. Warner said of Iran in an interview last month . “ The Indians raised the concern that this has immediate economic impact upon them . We acknowledged that this was a blunt instrument , sanctions , but that the status quo in Iran was not working . ”
Like the United States , India is alarmed at the possibility of Iran 's developing nuclear weapons , and it has called on Iran to fulfill its obligations as a nonnuclear weapon state under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty . Indian diplomats , though , also worry about the economic impact of greater instability in Iran and the Persian Gulf region ; they say more than six million Indians work in the gulf , sending home roughly $ 40 billion a year in remittances .
Iran is also a factor in the uncertain endgame in Afghanistan . K. C. Singh , a former Indian ambassador in Tehran , said India and Iran cooperated to support the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance before the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . But that relationship cooled as American troops settled in Afghanistan , and India and the United States moved closer together . Now , though , Mr. Singh said India was “ scampering to recover ” its relationship with Iran as a hedge to prepare for an uncertain future in Afghanistan .
“ They are attempting to do it now out of some serious concerns about what may happen after 2014 , or earlier , ” Mr. Singh said .
Even so , India 's current leaders remain committed to ever-strengthening ties with the United States . In a speech on Monday in Washington , Mr. Mathai spoke of the great potential of the two nations ' partnership , if also the complexities embedded into it .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ Given our different circumstances , history , location and levels of development , we will occasionally have differing perspectives and policies , ” they said , according to a transcript of their speech . “ But this can be a source of great value and strength . ”
Blockchain Capital Token ICO Ready To Launch
Blockchain Capital is an iconic venture capital firm that focuses on the blockchain ecosystem . It has proven itself through 2 successful funds that have a stellar portfolio . Now this company is launching its third fund through an ICO . On April 10th , 2017 , investors from around the world will be able to buy into the Blockchain Capital Token ICO . Although Bitcoin Chaser analysts have not formally vetted this token yet because they are still waiting for answers to their customary email interview , the track record of Blockchain Capital alone could well make this one the ICO of the year . Here are the details that led our analysts to make this assertion without vetting the ICO yet .
The History Behind the Blockchain Capital Token ICO
Blockchain Capital has invested in a myriad of blockchain , cryptocurrency and bitcoin companies that are now a central part of the ecosystem . If history is any indication of what the future can bring , then an investment in the Blockchain Capital Token ICO can prove to be quite smart . The following brief list of projects that Blockchain Capital invested in , serves to illustrate the point :
Blockchain Capital Token ICO : A Reliable Investment
There is no doubt that Blockchain Capital has a proven track record of sound investment in blockchain projects . Beyond that , it also has a proven track record in terms of reliability . The Blockchain Capital Token ICO will build upon this reputation . Investment in the ICO will rely on solid legal and financial advisory . Investors who decide to invest in the Blockchain Capital Token ICO will be able to do so under regulation D onshore – for US investors – or regulation S offshore – for non-US investors . Regulatory compliance gives this ICO additional credibility .
Blockchain Capital Shares Clear Information
Another great indicator for those interested in the Blockchain Capital Token ICO is the information available about the process on the website . The information is clear and transparent ; it shows reasonable calculations . These are the terms of the Blockchain Capital Token ICO :
Exchange rate for the Blockchain Capital Token – 1BCAP = $ 1 USD
There will be a total of 10 million Blockchain Capital Tokens available for the ICO .
Management fee is 2.5 % .
Performance fee is 25 % .
Token buy-back provisions : Blockchain Capital will buy tokens back on the open markets if their market value falls below the net asset value they represent .
Fund expenses are fully disclosed – accounting , administrative costs and legal fees .
Allocation of funds – 50 % towards new fund investments and 50 % reserves for follow-on opportunities .
Investment quantity – 10 to 20 investments at an average of $ 500,000 USD per deal .
The ICO begins on April 10th , 2017 and ends on May 10th , 2017 .
Technical Aspects of the Blockchain Capital Token ICO
There is one aspect of the Blockchain Capital Token ICO that might seem peculiar to some . This is the first time that Blockchain Capital builds a token-based fund . For an organization that specializes in investing in blockchain projects – and seems to pick so many winners – it is strange to just start raising capital through ICO 's now . Nevertheless , this can be due to the fact that token ICOs have become popular recently .
It seems that Blockchain Capital observed the ICO field for some time before it jumped into it . Now that it is ready to take the leap forward , its token will be Ethereum-based . This does n't mean that investors will necessarily have to buy Ether to invest in the Blockchain Capital Token ICO . Anyone interested in this ICO can inquire about investment opportunities through Token Hub , which allows investment in traditional currency as well .
Invest At Your Own Risk !
All these details indicate that the Blockchain Capital Token ICO will be legitimate , and above all successful . However , it is important for every investor to understand that the decision of whether to invest or not is completely up to them . As such investors must do their own due diligence and prepare for the investment according to their own judgement . Bitcoin Chaser will complete its vetting mechanism on this ICO as soon as possible and will provide more information on it as soon as it becomes available .
* Bitcoin Chaser is not responsible for any of your investment decisions .
After meeting with Federal Communications Commission officials , Verizon Wireless officials told reporters the company will refund subscribers up to $ 90 million for improper charges over accidental Web access and data usage .
Verizon 's refunds will go out to some 15 million subscribers in $ 2 and $ 6 increments throughout October and November . Their announcement comes amid an FCC investigation into complaints of charges for unwanted services .
“ The majority of the data sessions involved minor data exchanges caused by software built into their phones ; others involved accessing the Web , which should not have incurred charges , ” a Verizon attorney told Fox News . “ We have addressed these issues to avoid unintended data charges in the future . ”
Verizon had been charging customers $ 1.99-per-megabyte for data usage , even if they did not ask for a data plan . The company insisted most of the charges being refunded were due to software glitches .
“ Customers who contacted Verizon about the charges said that the company had often refused to reverse the charges or discouraged them from blocking the data service on their phones , ” The New York Times reported .
“ We were gratified to see Verizon agree to finally repay its customers , ” FCC enforcement Michele Ellison told The Washington Post . “ But questions remain as to why it took Verizon two years to reimburse its customers and why greater disclosure and other corrective actions did not come much , much sooner . ”
In spite of Verizon 's damage control efforts , The Washington Post noted that its admission contradicts one of the company 's prior statements [ PDF link ] to the FCC , which assured officials they strive to eliminate accidental data charges .
Despite the company 's estimate of a pending $ 90 million in refunds , sources close to settlement talks between Verizon and the FCC estimated the company may end up paying only $ 50 million , the Times added .
Word of the FCC 's investigation , which has been ongoing since January , was first released to the public Monday of last week .
The refund will be one of the largest of all time by a telecommunications company .
Residents voted on Monday at a recreation center in Tucker , Ga . It was the first day of early voting in the state .
WASHINGTON — Civil rights activists are warning that Donald Trump 's unsubstantiated claims of widespread voter fraud in inner cities are really a thinly veiled racist attack , and are accusing them of injecting another incendiary element into an election that is already the most negative and divisive in modern history .
On the heels of encouraging their mostly white suburban and rural supporters to monitor polls in “ other communities , ” especially Philadelphia , where whites are the minority , Trump on Monday sent out a series of tweets warning of election cheats .
“ Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day . Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on ? So naive ! ” Trump wrote , part of their multipronged strategy to portray the election as “ rigged '' as part of a global conspiracy .
Advertisement
Trump 's running mate , Governor Mike Pence of Indiana , encouraged supporters at a rally in Ohio Monday to volunteer as poll watchers .
RELATED : Are conservative Christians turning their backs on Donald Trump ?
Get Today in Politics in your inbox : A digest of the top political stories from the Globe , sent to your inbox Monday-Friday . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Specialists say actual instances of vote fraud are extremely rare in the United States . When discrepancies do occur , they are often unintentional or the result of human error — not deliberate malfeasance .
Black and Hispanic community leaders in Philadelphia are reacting to Trump 's rhetoric with trepidation , likening Trump 's encouragement of voter intimidation to Nazi Germany .
“ That sort of tactic is reminiscent of 1930s Germany . It 's very frightening , and not the America that you are taught about in school , ” said Angel Ortiz , a former Philadelphia city councilman who is a Democratic political activist and Puerto Rican community leader .
“ He 's using buzzwords that are destructive , throwing red meat to their base where there are frantic unfounded fears about communities of color , ” said Minister Rodney Muhammad , president of the Philadelphia chapter of the NAACP . “ They 're trying to create a lot of hysteria for Election Day , to cause so much confusion that it would serve as a discouragement for people to vote . ”
Advertisement
In preparation for potential chaos at the polls , the NAACP and other groups have mobilized dozens of lawyers to protect voter rights in about 30 counties , Muhammad said . In some cases , their remarks may have an opposite effect , mobilizing minority voters to cast a ballot against him .
Asked to respond to critics charging that Trump 's voter fraud rhetoric is racist , their campaign repeated claims of “ recent voting irregularities across the country from Pennsylvania to Colorado and an increase in unlawful voting by illegal immigrants . ”
“ It is vital that our democratic process not be hijacked , and as a campaign we will remain vigilant in ensuring a high level of integrity , ” said Jason Miller , a Trump spokesperson .
Even though voter fraud has proved to be extremely rare , multiple Republican-controlled legislatures across the country have passed laws aimed at curbing it by requiring voters to present photo identification at the polls .
RELATED : “ Extend your hand ” to Trump supporters , Bill Clinton says
Thirty-two states have voter identification laws in place . Pennsylvania passed such a law in 2012 but it has been struck down by the Supreme Court . A similar 2013 North Carolina law was also invalidated in July by a federal appeals court for unlawfully targeting “ African Americans with almost surgical precision . ”
Advertisement
A strong focus on voter fraud from the top of the ticket in a presidential election is unprecedented . Trump also is calling on more states to pass laws requiring photo identification to vote .
“ It 's a very thinly veiled call for racial profiling , ” said Dale Ho , director of the ACLU 's Voting Rights Project . It is difficult for many poor , minority voters to get the required identification , because they may not have access to a birth certificate or a Social Security card , Ho said . “ They do n't just hand out ID like Halloween candy . ”
Their detractors say Trump 's broader goal is to energize their base of white voters while also using intimidation to suppress the vote in minority communities . Pennsylvania is a prime target for such a strategy because it is a swing state with large cities as well as numerous rural counties , and it has become ground zero for the debate .
Despite Trump 's repeated calls for their Pennsylvania supporters to “ watch other communities because we do n't want this election stolen from us , ” it is illegal in that state for citizens to monitor elections outside of their home counties .
“ I hear too many stories about Pennsylvania . Certain areas , ” Trump said earlier this month . “ We ca n't lose an election because you know what I 'm talking about . So go and vote , and go check out areas . ”
The state Legislature is considering a bill that would allow poll watchers to be bused in from other counties .
“ That 's asking for trouble and violence , ” said Ortiz , 74 . “ People coming in from the outside would come in with an attitude , a preconception that there are illegalities taking place . ”
Trump and their campaign have also repeatedly raised questions about the validity of the 2012 election in dozens of inner-city Philadelphia precincts that voted exclusively for President Obama over Mitt Romney , the former Massachusetts governor .
Former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani , a key Trump surrogate , on Sunday implied that minorities living in the inner cities were more likely to commit voter fraud .
“ I 've found very few situations where Republicans cheat , ” Giuliani said on CNN 's “ State of the Union. ” “ They do n't control the inner cities the way Democrats do . Maybe if Republicans controlled the inner cities , they 'd do as much cheating as Democrats . ”
Newt Gingrich , a former House speaker , also singled out Philadelphia . “ To suggest that we have , you do n't have theft in Philadelphia is to deny reality , ” Gingrich said on ABC 's “ This Week ” on Sunday .
RELATED : Aide wanted change in classification of Clinton e-mail
At an appearance in Green Bay , Wis. , Monday , Trump continued their line of attack , saying , ‘ ‘ They even want to try to rig the election at the polling booths . ''
‘ ‘ People that have died 10 years ago are still voting . Illegal immigrants are voting , '' they said .
‘ ‘ So many cities are corrupt , '' they added , ‘ ‘ and voter fraud is very , very common . ''
Various studies on the subject have uncovered relatively few cases of voter fraud and nothing even remotely approaching a scale large enough to influence election outcomes .
Justin Levitt , a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles who is on leave to work in the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice , found only 31 instances of alleged voter fraud between 2000 and 2014 , a time period when more than 1 billion ballots were cast . The cases including voting under someone else 's name and votes cast in the name of someone who has died .
Trump “ has no evidence to support what he 's saying , ” said Lorraine Minnite , a political science professor at Rutgers who wrote a book in 2010 called the “ The Myth of Voter Fraud ” and has testified as an expert witness in several lawsuits involving state voter ID laws .
“ More people are struck by lightning or attacked by sharks than are accused of voter fraud , '' said the Pulitzer Prize-winning fact-checking site PolitiFact , which rated Trump 's claims Monday “ Pants on Fire . ''
Following a 2013 Supreme Court decision overturning parts of the 1965 Voting Rights Act , a key civil-rights era law , the Department of Justice has slashed the number of federal election observers deployed to communities with a history of discriminating against minority voters .
“ It leaves some communities more vulnerable this election cycle , ” many of which are located in the Deep South , said Kristen Clarke , president and executive director of the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law .
Them group leads the Election Protection Program , a nonpartisan voter protection program that provides a nationwide hotline manned with volunteer lawyers for voters to call with concerns . They also plan to send 2,500 “ grassroots ” volunteers to 27 states to field questions at polling sites and look for irregularities , up from 22 states in 2012 .
The NAACP is recommending that voters vote early , if possible , and to use their smart phones to take pictures to “ fight injustice ” at the polls . The organization also tweeted out a reminder Sunday that “ showing up at the polls with the intent of stopping people from voting is punishable by up to a year in jail under federal law . ”
Tracy Jan can be reached at tracy.jan @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ TracyJan . Victoria McGrane can be reached at victoria.mcgrane @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ vgmac
Ruby-throated hummingbirds should be in Chicago soon . View Full Caption Sarah Mayhew/Journey North
CHICAGO — Flying rubies will be entering the city limits any day now .
The ruby-throated hummingbird migrates through and sometimes nests in Chicago every year . The tiny buzzing birds will soon be found anywhere in Chicago that has good nesting deciduous trees like maples and an ample supply of nectar-producing flowers .
Of course , birders can try to get their attention with feeders holding a mixture of three parts water , one part sugar .
`` They 're a very adaptable bird to human environments , '' said Elizabeth Howard , founder and director of Vermont-based Journey North , a nonprofit site that tracks the hummingbirds ' migration . `` You should have them there this week or next . ''
Journey North allows registered users to submit hummingbird sightings on a map , which updates as the birds make their way north from Central America , Mexico and the southeastern portions of the U.S .
Here is the birds ' live progress so far ( with automatic updates ) :
Male hummingbirds — which have distinctive ruby-red throats — are the first to arrive to set up a breeding territory . The females follow about two weeks later . Howard said males try to mate with as many females as possible and do n't help to raise the young .
`` The males are quite promiscuous , '' Howard said . `` The females do all the work . ''
Hummingbirds ' nests , made with spider webs and lichens , are only the size of a quarter or bottlecap . The eggs are only as big as jellybeans , Howard said .
They 'll be in Chicago through the summer , Howard said .
`` They 're nesting ; that 's why they 're here , '' Howard said .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
Close your eyes and imagine hyper-technological and massive huge cities that expand all over the globe 's surface . Imagine a far away , remote future where technology has made great strides and in which humans are perfectly integrated . A perfect , radiant future where humanity has reached a new evolution .
A little black box containing something alien and unknown .
Close your eyes , can you feel your heartbeat ? Every single atom of the world you know is synchronized to the pulsation of your heart . The box has been opened , reality has been remolded according to old inexplicable commands .
Open your eyes , the abandoned , destroyed huge cities are still there . Humans live in fear and despair , hidden in the darkest ruins . Droids are only old scraps , Artificial Intelligences are only old baluards of the times that have been . A dark , infinite , ravenous shadow is all over this .
Evolution Pulse is a Fate Core/Fate Accelerated setting . In this book , you will find all that you need to play your adventures in this dark future full of unique characters , who are able to manipulate reality . You will find all indications and suggestions you need to bring into your game all the features of the world of Evolution Pulse : from Executors , characters related to Artificial Intelligences , to fearsome and lethal Hekaths , inter-dimensional monsters who have devoured and destroyed the world .
Evolution Pulse requires Fate Core or Fate Accelerated to play . This 186-page supplement includes :
Four peculiar archetypes from which to choose your character , plus one extra special archetype , all of which bring powerful themes into play .
A detailed Approach system , diversified for each character archetype
A complete list of stunts , story-driven and specifically built to characterize each archetype
Rules and information on Hekaths , the fearsome enemies who seek to devour the world
Rules for the manipulation of reality and for the Pulse , the energy that feeds the fearsome Hekath
All the tools to give life to the world of Evolution Pulse , through a series of questions that allow you to create your own personal apocalypse at the mercy of the Hekath fury
Stories and tales to experience the dark world of Evolution Pulse from the eyes of its inhabitants
Close your eyes , synchronize the heartbeat , the evolution pulse .
When George `` Comanche Boy '' Tahdooahnippah steps into the ring against junior middleweight Delvin Rodriguez at the Mohegan Sun Casino in Uncasville , Conn. , on Friday ( ESPN2/WatchESPN , 9 p.m . ET ) , he 'll be a big underdog on by far the biggest stage of their professional boxing career . But it wo n't be the first , or even necessarily the most important , fight they have undertaken .
When they are n't lacing up the gloves , Tahdooahnippah spends much of their time working to address a rampant health epidemic that 's even more pronounced among their people than the rest of American society .
According to the American Diabetes Association , American Indians and Alaska Natives are more than twice as likely to develop diabetes as non-Hispanic whites . The prevalence of the disease in those communities among youth age 15 to 19 increased by 68 percent from 1994 to 2004 .
That 's a tide that Tahdooahnippah , a fitness instructor for the Comanche Nation 's diabetes program , hopes to stem .
`` One hundred and fifty years ago , my people were wild . We lived off the laws of nature , '' they said . `` We went from hunter-gatherers to being able to pull up to a store , buy our food and supersize it if we want it . It 's very tough . Even for me as a fighter , I go through portion control , and I 've had to train myself to eat right . It 's hard . I ca n't do it all the time , but you just have to practice it . ''
Education , they point out , is the key , as is exercise .
`` I do different programs to get our people to exercise , just to get them to do any kind of physical activity , '' they said . `` We provide incentives -- anything we can do to get people moving . ''
If Tahdooahnippah can be a shining example , so much the better . It 's something that they have striven to be since they were an All-American wrestler at age 15 . Although they recognize they do n't have anything like the depth of experience in boxing that most 34-year-old televised main eventers might be expected to have , they argue that , to some extent , their lengthy wrestling career helped steel and prepare them for a sport they did n't take up until they were 23 .
`` I went to international tournaments ; I 've been to Japan , '' they said . `` Having that competition -- the nerves , being one-on-one , having to make weight , having to perform in the spotlight -- I have all that from wrestling . Not only the experience from that but also the strength and the balance . I 've brought all of that to boxing . ''
But , they point out , that was wrestling , and that was then .
`` It 's boxing now . ''
Which is all that will matter when the bell rings Friday . Whereas Rodriguez is no stranger to `` Friday Night Fights '' or the big stage , Tahdooahnippah is a virtual unknown who has fought 31 times in their native Oklahoma and just once as far afield as Texas . That aspect of their biography earned something of a derisive snort from ESPN 's Teddy Atlas last week , but it 's something about which Comanche Boy is unapologetic .
Being an Oklahoma-based fighter with no amateur experience and few contacts meant their options were limited , they argue . Besides , `` Oklahoma has a lot of Indian casinos , and I 'm an Indian fighter . So I had a lot of opportunities to fight and make good money . I 've got a family to support . You 're putting your head on the line , so you may as well try to make some money from it at the same time . ''
We 'll find out soon enough whether that will count against them when they take a huge step up in class -- in another casino , but one far from home -- against Rodriguez . In any case , Tahdooahnippah is exultant in advance of the battle , perhaps befitting of theirs heritage .
`` The world 's going to see a real-live Comanche Indian that 's coming to full effect , just like in the 1800s , '' they said . `` I 'm coming to win , and I 'm coming to represent all my Native American people . We 're here to compete , and we 're here to win . ''
For almost 15 months , Houthi rebels have besieged Yemen 's second largest city , only allowing life-saving aid deliveries to enter once every three months .
More than 200,000 civilians have been caught up in the fighting in Taiz , a city that has become one of the major front lines in the battle for control of Yemen .
For months , aid agencies have warned of a major humanitarian disaster in the city . There are frequent reports of dire food and water shortages , and of hospitals struggling to function without access to fresh medical supplies .
At least 37 of the city 's 40 hospitals and medical institutions have been forced to close , and the doctors and nurses that are brave enough to remain are forced to operate without essentials such oxygen - which doctors require to put patients under general anesthesia .
Houthi fighters have repeatedly prevented aid groups from delivering medical supplies to the city , exacerbating the humanitarian crisis .
Yemen crisis : 'Immeasurable ' suffering in Ramadan
And with observant Muslims refraining from eating or drinking from dawn to dusk during the holy month of Ramadan , many households are running low on food , medicine , and other necessities .
`` The NGOs are trying to help but the problem is bigger than their capacity . '' Mohammed al-Gunaid , an NGO coordinator in Taiz told Al Jazeera .
`` They can only provide basic aid to reduce suffering - nothing more . ''
When aid does finally reach the city , residents are having to queue under the baking sun where temperatures often exceed 40C to get their share .
And while water tankers visit some areas of the city once a week , buying blocks of ice has become the only way to prevent what little food the people of Taiz have from going bad . The city has been without electricity for more than a year .
`` We hide our suffering behind closed doors , '' Najib Hasan Abdullah , a Taiz resident , told Al Jazeera . `` No one really knows how much we 're suffering . But what can we do ? Where can we go to escape this situation ? ''
Yemen 's Taiz in 'catastrophic state ' as fighting rages
Zahra Mahdi , a Taiz resident , spoke of people living in a `` state of constant war and fear '' , adding that many `` just stay at home , frightened of the shelling '' .
Yemen has been torn apart by conflict since 2014 , when Houthi rebels , allied with troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh , captured large swaths of the country , including the capital Sanaa .
A coalition assembled by Saudi Arabia launched an air campaign against the rebels in March 2015 . Since then , more than 9,000 people have been killed and 2.8 million driven from their homes .
Across the country , at least 14 million people , more than half of the population , are in need of emergency food and life-saving assistance .
The 15-month conflict has also taken a horrifying toll on the country 's youth , with UNICEF warning that an estimated 320,000 children face life-threatening malnutrition .
Image copyright Getty Images
Young people are deeply pessimistic about their ability to get on in Britain 's `` us and them society '' , says social mobility tsar Alan Milburn .
They say they `` increasingly feel like they are on the wrong side of a profound unfairness '' .
This is why , they suggest , young people turned out in record numbers to vote in the general election .
They were particularly worried about their finances , job security and housing prospects , they added .
Mr Milburn , who heads the commission that monitors progress towards improving social mobility , made the comments as they launched a new exploration of public attitudes to it .
This new Social Mobility Barometer was based on an in-depth survey of 4,723 UK adults .
Class gap
Some 51 % of the 18- to 24-year-olds polled for the barometer said they thought where people ended up was determined by their background and who their parents were .
This compared with 40 % of those polled who were aged 65 and over .
Overall nearly half of people said they felt background determined chances of success .
And four-fifths of those surveyed said there was a large gap between the social classes in Britain today .
'Sharp decline '
Also , although 47 % said they were better off financially than their parents , this dropped to 24 % for 25- to 49-year-olds .
Meanwhile , just a fifth of 18 to 24-year-olds believed they had a better level of job security than their parents .
Mr Milburn said : `` Young people increasingly feel like they are on the wrong side of a profound unfairness in British society - and they are unhappy about it .
Image copyright Getty Images
`` The barometer finds that half of young people think the situation is getting worse , with only 30 % of 18- to 24-year-olds believing it is becoming easier to move up in British society . ''
They added : `` The feelings of pessimism young people are expressing are borne out by the facts they are experiencing .
`` Those born in the 1980s are the first post-war cohort not to start their working years with higher incomes than their immediate predecessors .
`` Home ownership , the aspiration of successive generations of ordinary people , is in sharp decline , among the young especially . ''
Mr Milburn warned : `` Britain 's deep social mobility problem , for this generation of young people in particular , is getting worse not better . ''
The government said it was committed to making sure that Britain is a country that works for everyone .
The academics ' union , the University and College Union , described the poll results as depressing and said young people had seen `` their pay fall , the jobs market remain incredibly difficult , tuition fees rocket and support to stay on at college disappear '' .
And Sir Peter Lampl , chair of the Sutton Trust charity , which promotes social mobility , said : `` The commission 's barometer should be a wake-up call for policymakers .
`` Political rhetoric needs to be translated into real polices to level the playing field and improve opportunities for young people , particularly for those from the most disadvantaged families . ''
7 years ago
Des Moines , Iowa ( CNN ) -– Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum has won the official endorsement of the National Federation of Republican Assemblies .
The group also gave Herman Cain its endorsement for vice president .
The decision to support Santorum and Cain came Saturday at the group 's Presidential Preference Convention in Des Moines , Iowa . The NFRA bills itself as “ the nation 's oldest and largest Republican volunteer organization. ” Its delegates refer to it as “ the Republican wing of the Republican Party . ”
Earlier Saturday , Texas Rep. Ron Paul won two separate tallies for the group 's presidential straw poll . That contest was dominated more by Paul 's loyal supporters than by members of the NFRA .
Of the 94 NFRA delegate votes in the final endorsement tally , Santorum won 69 , Cain 25 . Attendees to the convention represented 26 of the 37 states where the NFRA operates .
Over six rounds of voting , members praised their picks , lobbied for support and – at times – argued forcefully .
The final decision went down to the wire . Over successive rounds of voting , candidates were dropped from consideration one by one .
Mitt Romney , Jon Huntsman and Gary Johnson fared the worst . In the first round , they easily became the first political casualties , receiving no voices of support . The three men were dropped from consideration .
Next to go : Michele Bachmann . The Minnesota member of congress received only two delegate votes in the first round – and none in the second .
On a motion to drop their name from consideration , one person urged the crowd , “ Michele may be the dark horse . Let 's leave her. ” Another yelled out : “ Michele has voted consistently in the Congress for conservative causes . ”
The scant pleadings were not enough . In the face of such little support , Bachmann 's name was also dropped from consideration .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Texas Rep. Ron Paul were summarily dismissed from endorsement consideration after one more voting round .
That left only Cain , Santorum and Texas Gov . Rick Perry standing in the fourth round – with 37 , 38 and 20 votes , respectively . Racked with indecision and facing a possible deadlock , there were signs of an intra-group family feud .
Someone motioned that Perry also be removed from contention – a proposal staunchly opposed by the Texas governor 's supporters .
“ The Perry people have no right to think he 's going to get endorsed , ” one man said .
“ If you came here to endorse Perry , at this point you should be thinking about Herman Cain or Rick Santorum , ” yelled another man .
If Perry is dropped from the ballot , threatened former Ohio secretary of state and treasurer Ken Blackwell , “ I will move that we not endorse . ”
The Perry entreaties were ignored . Delegates dropped Perry from consideration and headed to a fifth round .
Once there , Santorum led Cain , 53 votes to 39 .
That vote margin did not meet the two-thirds majority required by NFRA rules .
After another passionate round of pleading , caucusing , then voting , many of the Perry supporters threw their support behind Santorum , helping them to emerge as the winner .
–Follow Shannon Travis on Twitter : @ ShanTravisCNN
Melissa Klein was checking their bank accounts just a few weeks before Christmas when their face turned ashen . The money was gone – every single penny .
Oregon 's Bureau of Labor and Industries had confiscated all the cash in Mrs. Klein 's checking account and savings account as well as a special account set aside for their church tithe .
Click here to receive Todd 's American Dispatch – a must-read for Conservatives !
Yes , friends – the state of Oregon stole money meant for our Lord .
Mrs. Klein and their husband , Aaron , are devout evangelical Christians who own a mom-and-pop bakery – Sweet Cakes By Melissa .
In July , they were ordered to pay more than $ 135,000 in damages to a lesbian couple after they refused to bake their wedding cake . The Kleins objected because of their religious beliefs .
The judgment was awarded to the lesbians for “ emotional suffering . ”
Just a few weeks before Christmas , Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian wiped out the Klein family 's bank accounts – taking nearly $ 7,000 .
Faced with a state-mandated 9 percent interest penalty , the Kleins opted to pay the disputed amount in full – turning over a $ 136,927.07 check to the government . That money , which was not in their bank account , was acquired through donations the family .
It was the price the Kleins had to pay for following the teachings of Jesus Christ .
“ It was like my breath was taken away , ” Mrs. Klein told me in a telephone conversation . “ I panicked . Everything was gone . ”
And , as I said before , Commissioner Avakian even seized money set aside for You Know Who .
“ We had three accounts , ” they told me . “ I have one account that 's labeled , ‘ God 's money ' – our tithing . They just took it . ”
Attorney Tyler Smith , who represents the Kleins , tells me their clients still plan on fighting the state 's decision – even if it means going to the Supreme Court .
“ The least expensive option to stay in compliance with the law was to pay the Oregon Bureau of Labor and Industries funds that will be kept in a separate account until they prevail in their court appeal , ” Smith told me in a prepared statement .
They said the couple had asked the state to hold off on collection attempts – but that request was denied .
“ Aaron and Melissa will continue to work to ensure that every American has the First Amendment right to express their faith-based beliefs , and to conduct their daily affairs according to their conscience , ” Smith said .
Their trouble started in 2013 when Laurel and Rachel Bowman-Cryer asked the Christian bakers to prepare their wedding cake .
When Mr. Klein explained that they would not be able to prepare the cake , the women filed an anti-discrimination complaint with the state of Oregon .
The state later determined that gay rights trump religious liberty – ruling that the Kleins had violated the lesbians ' civil rights by discriminating based on sexual orientation .
Oregon has a law on the books that protects the rights of gays , lesbians , bisexual and transgender people in employment , housing and public accommodations . It also prohibits private businesses from discriminating against potential customers , the newspaper noted .
The Kleins were also slapped with a gag order – banning them from speaking publicly about their refusal to participate in or bake wedding cakes for same-sex marriages , The Oregonian reported .
They were ordered to “ cease and desist from publishing , circulating , issuing or displaying , or causing to be published , circulated , issued or displayed , any communication , notice , advertisement or sign of any kind to the effect that any of the accommodations , advantages , facilities , services or privileges of a place of public accommodation will be refused , withheld from or denied to , or that any discrimination will be made against , any person on account of sexual orientation . ”
“ Within Oregon 's public accommodations law is the basic principle of human decency that every person , regardless of their sexual orientation , has the freedom to fully participate in society , ” the ruling states . “ The ability to enter public places , to shop and dine , to move about unfettered by bigotry . ”
On a side note here – I predicted that once gay marriage was legalized , LGBTQIA supporters would attempt to silence all dissent .
After the controversy , the Kleins had no choice but to shut down their retail store and move their business to their home .
Avakian has publicly stated their intentions to target Christian business owners who do not comply with the state 's way of thinking . Here 's what they told The Oregonian about Sweet Cakes By Melissa in 2013 :
“ The goal is never to shut down a business . The goal is to rehabilitate . ”
I 've never met Brad Avakian but they sound like a pretty ruthless individual – a person who is using their office to bully and intimidate Christians .
Be warned , friends . In Oregon , gay rights trump religious liberty .
Who the Clix ? is a series of articles featuring information on comic book characters that have been made into figures for the popular tabletop game Heroclix . These articles are meant to help Heroclix players learn more about the characters behind their favorite pieces .
Today we look at another golden age speedster : Max Mercury
Appearances in Heroclix : The Flash , Brave and the Bold
First Appearance : National Comics # 5
Team Affiliations : Freedom Fighters , All-Star Squadron
Max Mercury was originally a scout with the US Cavalry in the 1830s . They befriended the local Indian tribes only to find them massacred on the orders of their commanding officer . Finding a shaman among the tribe with some life still in him , Mercury was enchanted and granted super-speed . After this , they began to live in the wild and came to be known as Windrunner .
Eventually , Mercury tried to access the mystical Speed Force with their own magical speed . However , because they were not tied to it , it would often result in them being bounced off and finding themselves flung forward in time . The first time they tried to access the Speed Force , they were left in the 1890s and began calling themselves Whip Whirlwind . They tried again and found themselves in the 1930s , where they called themselves Quicksilver and helped Jay Garrick and Johnny Quick .
In 1948 , Max had an affair with a doctor they met when the doctor saved Max 's life . The affair was brief , however , and once the woman returned to their husband 's side , Max again traveled through time . They appeared in the 1960s and battled Savitar before again bouncing forward in time .
After this last travel through time , Max decided to remain in hiding rather than attempting any super-heroics . Eventually , Jay Garrick managed to convince Max to pose as Barry Allen and battle Professor Zoom . After this , Max began to act as mentor to Wally West and Bart Allen , helping both young heroes unlock their greater potential .
Max goes on to be possessed by the pure speed force energy form of the Rival , who uses Max to escape to an unknown point in time . Later , Max 's spirit appears in the Speed Force , seemingly finally having accessed the power as a result of the Rival 's possession of their body , and helps Johnny Quick , Bart Allen and the other speedsters in battling Superboy-Prime .
Max is eventually rescued from the “ Negative Speed Force ” by Barry Allen .
Toro Rosso STR8 launch - technical analysis
Toro Rosso launched its STR8 a single evening before the start of winter testing , and upon its unveiling immediately drew attention to the host of changes that were put on the car . The team even noted that the steering wheel is the single part that was carried over from the STR7 .
First of all , Toro Rosso has maintained its nose cone philosophy that it introduced at last year 's Jerez test by using a long nose cone that extend quite a bit ahead of the front wing . It is also still a very flat and sharp cone , even though a vanity panel now covers the step at the front bulkhead . In fact , Toro Rosso appears to be the only team yet to have its vanity panel attached by screws . Other teams chose for a lighter solution by bonding or glueing the panel on the structural nose cone . Having seen what other teams are doing , it would not be much of a surprise to see a new nose on the STR8 soon , lacking the screws to fix the vanity panel .
The monocoque itself meanwhile is still designed with the front bulkhead at its maximum height , attempting to catch more air underneath the nose to divert it to the car 's floor and diffuser . Just like in 2012 this again seems to be the most popular solution among all teams .
As with Sauber , a team that Toro Rosso aims to compete with , a lot of effort was put in the development of the sidepods . The team 's chief designer Luca Furbatto noted that the major undercut sidepods had reached their maximum potential and were very hard to develop further . Indeed , the team first intruduced this sidepod concept in 2010 on the Toro Rosso STR6 and aimed to provide a clean stream of air underneath the sidepods and straight onto the diffuser .
While this concept was revised on the STR7 with a minor reduction of the undercut , the new STR8 does away with it almost entirely , allowing the radiators to be mounted much lower than was previously the case . This will substantially lower the centre of gravity of the car as many other components , like the ECU and electronics can also be positioned much lower to the car 's floor . In addition to that , the wetter surface of the sidepods is reduced , thereby lowering the surface drag , partially offsetting the increase in drag that is caused by increasing the frontal surface of the sidepods .
The lower position of the car 's components however allow the sidepod to be tapered downward much faster towards the rear , resulting in lower exhausts and therefore possibly making it easier to get the exhaust gases down towards the diffuser .
The above image also shows that the airbox is similar but has been given a more round inlet aperture . The smaller inlet underneath , in between both roll hoop support pillars is still there , but has become smaller , a change that was likely possible because the main sidepod air inlets have slightly increased in size .
The rear suspension is also brand new , as Furbatto pointed out : `` We have a revised rear suspension , with the emphasis on making it more aerodynamic , in order to generate more downforce . When designing the chassis , again , providing a platform for aerodynamic development was an important consideration . In terms of suspension layout , kinematics and internals those are again brand new . The STR7 was very limited in terms of set-up possibilities and with STR8 we opened up this aspect substantially , adding devices and features not present on previous STR cars . This should allow race engineers and drivers to perfect the handling and ride behaviour of the new car . ''
Finally , a marker was put on the rear wing , which now features a different curve of the main plane . It has to be said however that the current wing is very similar to the rear wing design most used during the 2012 season . The monkey seat is also new , along with the central tail funnel . It is expected that most teams will retain the monkey seat at almost every race as they find it increasingly difficult to add downforce in different ways .
MARK KARLIN , EDITOR OF BUZZFLASH AT TRUTHOUT
Portraying a woman who is raped not as a victim , but rather as the bounty of the male has a long history in the United States . It was something that was done regularly to slaves , Native-American women , and now to helpless women lured into sex-trafficking .
It also has long been tolerated in certain male dominated environments such as the Armed Forces , where we are currently seeing situations where rapes and sexual harassment are being less than vigorously prosecuted .
There are a lot of origins of this male justification of rape in the US , but the current incarnation is religious . First of all , you have the conservative Opus Dei Catholics who value the `` divinity '' of conception over the violent assault on a woman .
Then you have Evangelical movements such as `` Quiverfull . '' I interviewed Kathryn Joyce , author of a book on the movement , several years ago for BuzzFlash . They wrote an engrossing account of women who vow a life of submission to their husbands , primarily for the purpose of being a vessel for bearing children .
Publishers Weekly wrote of the book : `` The movement , which takes its name from a verse in Psalm 127 , advocates a retreat from society and a rejection of government policies that encourage equal rights for women , pregnancy prevention and an individualistic ethic . Quiverfull families share with more mainline Protestant groups , such as the Southern Baptist Convention , a belief that wives should submit to their husbands . But the group goes further by insisting that children be home schooled and daughters forgo a college education in favor of early marriage and childbearing . ''
Michelle Goldberg , author of `` Kingdom Coming '' ( who BuzzFlash also interviewed ) , writes about `` Quiverfull '' : `` Riveting and deeply disturbing . This important book shines a light on a corner of the Christian right that has taken misogyny to sadomasochistic extremes , and reveals the sexual anxieties so often underlying modern fundamentalism . ''
Rape has traditionally been a white male right in the US as long as it did n't violate relatives or community wives . Of course , a minority sexually assaulting a white woman in the South , in years gone by , resulted in a lynching . If a black man rapes a white woman , there is no debate about rape . ( A black man even looking at a white woman directly could sometimes get them killed . )
Of course , the more basic issue here – taking away the veneer of religion – is what the impassioned critics of the war on women decry : the most vocal advocates of controlling the insemination and child bearing of women are white men such as Paul Ryan and Todd Akin . They may talk religious `` justification '' for forcing a woman to bear the child of a rapist ; but what they are protecting is the power of men over the bodies of women , and the `` sacredness '' and potency of their sperm .
Human history , to this day , is largely about the usurpation of power of one group of people over another : class , ethnicity , religion and in the case of the `` definition '' of rape , gender .
President Obama was bluntly on target when they decried those who would classify `` degrees '' of rape . `` You ca n't parse rape , '' Obama said .
Virtually all surveys indicate that a very high number of rapes never go reported . There are many reasons why , but the stigma of being considered somehow a participating party in the act combined with the police and legal process in many areas that force the woman into feeling more like a criminal than a victim adds to that underreporting .
People such as Akin , Ryan and their cohorts in electoral government around the land enable rape and victimize women when they trivialize acts of heinous violence based on gender politics and masculine power trips .
The rape `` parsers '' would certainly have a different legal standard if men who were anally raped became pregnant .
That may be shocking , but just think about it .
Graham tells House to follow Boehner
Sen. Lindsay Graham , one of the loudest internal critics of the Republican strategy to shutdown the government over Obamacare funding , said Sunday they hoped their House colleagues would follow the lead of their speaker .
`` As a party , we got to do some soul-searching , '' the South Carolina Republican said on CBS 's `` Face The Nation . '' `` And I hope our House colleagues will follow the lead of Speaker [ John ] Boehner . The only way the government can shut down is not what Senator Cruz says , but what the House does . So , President Obama , work with John Boehner and Harry Reid . Senator Reid , stop moving the goalposts on Speaker Boehner . To my House Republican colleagues : Work with John Boehner . He 's a good man . If we do all this , we wo n't shut the government down again . ''
Boehner , a Republican from Ohio , initially did n't want to force a shutdown over Obamacare , but adopted the strategy after feedback from the House Republican Conference . Cruz was encouraging Republicans to follow that strategy .
Keep your ears open , and you can hear Passion Pit everywhere around you : in fast food commercials and YouTube pre-roll ads you ca n't wait to skip , the skewed pop maximalism of PC Music and its imitators , the glossy hybrid EDM-pop of Madeon and Zedd , even the clutter of Taylor Swift 's work with Jack Antonoff on 1989 . It 's easy to take for granted now , but Michael Angelakos ' first two records shifted the pop paradigm in meaningful ways . Manners hooked up the '80s synth-pop of M83 's Saturdays=Youth to a glucose IV , piling on children 's choirs and waves of orchestration and Angelakos ' signature falsetto until it forced you into submission ; three years later , Gossamer ramped up the density , scale , and emotional rawness of Angelakos ' writing , as they built glittering castles around love , death , and the redeeming power of joy . That rawness is what separates Passion Pit from its lesser contemporaries , and from bands who would seek to duplicate their success : Angelakos ' songs dance on the line between sweet and saccharine , but they 're anchored by real stakes . They 're full of light because you can use a lot of it when you 're holding a candle to the darkness .
Kindred is Angelakos ' first record after conducting an unflinching , very public self-examination of their mental health and its effects on their life and loved ones , a process that dominated both Gossamer and the press cycle around the record . Instead of doubling down on that kind of reflection , Angelakos shifts focus to the parts of their life that gave them strength as they endured personal and professional turmoil : their family , their faith , and the radiant love that springs from both . It 's also their most concise record to date , a far cry from the sprawl of both Manners and Gossamer : it 's only 10 songs , and the songs themselves are more interested in speed and economy .
The best songs are the ones that really take that idea of efficiency to heart , stripping away fluff and frippery to focus on core melodic ideas or compositional concepts . This marks a major change in Angelakos ' songwriting : most listeners would agree that Gossamer 's best moments were its biggest , whether the frenzied Rustie-isms of `` I 'll Be Alright '' or the massive , starlit `` Hideaway '' . That 's not the case here on Kindred , where the highlights hew closer to the soulful heartbreaker `` Constant Conversations '' . There are a lot of moving parts on something like `` Whole Life Story '' , a song-length apology to Angelakos ' wife for the scrutiny placed on their lives post-Gossamer , but each of them are clear and discernible rather than overwhelming , and lithe pop-funk jam `` Where the Sky Hangs '' sets a new record for `` audible space in a Passion Pit song . ''
When Angelakos opts for an arrangement that recalls the density of their older work , you find yourself wishing they had opted for a similarly pared down approach . `` All I Want '' is a good example . Its core message—being struck dizzy and dumb by your love for someone , and rejoicing in it with a simple , gorgeous melody—is compromised by the use of every tool in Angelakos ' toolbox : whirring dervishes spat out on guitar , vocal pieces whispering like ghosts in the background , glittering doodads glued on like rhinestones . On earlier albums , the tremendous scale and layering of their songs felt purposeful , like it was meant to reflect the buzzing hornets ' nest in Angelakos ' brain ; when they try to do the same thing on Kindred it feels aimless , a choice that does n't move songs forward or help to advance any ideas .
This is also a very spiritual record , which should n't be a surprise if you 've pored over Angelakos ' lyric sheets before . ( Consider Gossamer closer `` Where We Belong '' , where after alluding to a suicide attempt Angelakos sings , `` Who says that God exists ? / We ca n't see icons or myths , but/ Well , I believe in you/ Do you believe in me , too ? '' ) Opener `` Lifted Up ( 1985 ) '' is another glowing ode to Angelakos ' wife , but it traffics in the language of apotheosis : Instead of being born , they descend from heaven , and when they threaten to float back Angelakos grounds them with the force of their love . The album is otherwise scattered with references to prayer and the exertion of subtle divine force , like the conspicuous cloud cover of `` Looks Like Rain '' and the baptism/savior imagery of `` My Brother Taught Me How to Swim '' . This kind of writing is n't as obviously courageous as the work they did on Gossamer , but it still takes plenty of bravery to write frankly about faith in a medium where it 's usually ignored or neglected . It takes guts to say , in effect , `` I had to work really hard to get better , and embracing something bigger than myself really helped me . '' And while Angelakos has never been a particularly artful lyricist , they write with a wide-eyed sincerity and frankness that makes you want to root for him .
As the first document of Angelakos ' shift towards a different songwriting approach , one more focused on efficiency and pop purity than complexity or breadth , Kindred is ultimately both a transitional moment and a mixed bag . Not every song on Manners and Gossamer worked , but at their very least they had something to keep your attention , some grippy sonic piece . Kindred lives and dies on the strength of its melodies , and some of those melodies are submarined by excess rather than enhanced by it . When the album 's highlights click ( `` Whole Life Story '' , `` Where the Sky Hangs '' , `` Looks Like Rain '' ) they 're as powerful and resonant as anything in the band 's discography , but the chances of success feel a little lower than they were before .
It turns out that the year 's best Passion Pit song , and the one that realizes the full potential of Angelakos ' new ambitions , is n't even on Kindred . `` Pay No Mind '' , a single from Madeon 's excellent March debut Adventure , is the kind of the song that could n't exist without Passion Pit in the first place—a colorful fusion of pop , funk , and EDM featuring a typically chirpy vocal performance from Angelakos . Their connection to the song 's lyrics is obvious , a fraternal twin of `` Whole Life Story '' that finds Angelakos asking for forgiveness and encouraging their loved ones to ignore the external forces swirling around them . It 's catchy without relying on gimmickry , undeniably personal , and totally piercing ; it 's the kind of song I 'd love to find more often on Kindred .
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- Keep in mind that Cavs coach Tyronn Lue is sick right now .
Also remember that center Tristan Thompson has played in 428 consecutive games , spanning five seasons , so he 's probably pretty good at masking various aches and pains to stay on the court .
But something 's off here . Lue said Thompson 's been playing hurt this season . Thompson insists they have n't . Let 's explain .
After the Cavs beat Milwaukee 102-95 on Monday night , Lue was asked about Thompson 's pivotal role in an 11-0 spurt in the fourth quarter that gave Cleveland the game .
With the Cavs ahead by six with 3:48 left , Thompson blocked Malcolm Brogdon 's layup attempt and corralled the rebound . Kyrie Irving followed with a 3-pointer at the other end . Fifty seconds later , Thompson kept alive a possession by rebounding LeBron James ' missed 3 . Derrick Williams then made good on a 3-point try .
`` Tristan 's been great for us defensively really as of late , starting to get healthy , '' Lue said . `` He 's been in the right spot when guys are getting beat back door , or getting beat off the dribble , he 's doing a great job being in a help position and ready to block those shots . He 's gotten better and better at that . ''
Wait , wait . Did Lue said Thompson was `` starting to get healthy ? '' He 's the only Cav to play in all 58 games this season and make all 58 starts .
`` Yeah . He 's been going through some tendinitis all year , their knee has been bothering them a little bit all year , '' Lue said . `` He 's finally starting to come around and he 's feeling good . ''
Thompson , what say you ?
`` No , no tendinitis , I 'm fine , '' they said . `` I 'm good . Not sure what coach Lue 's talking about . Nothing more than the usual bumps and bruises . I 'm good . ''
Thompson posted eight points , eight rebounds , and one block Monday night . He 'd contributed double doubles in four of Cleveland 's previous five games . Their 9.7 rebounds and 1.2 blocks per game are career highs , and their 3.7 offensive boards per night are the fourth most in the NBA .
And of course their games-played streak is the longest current streak in the league and longest in team history .
None of this is to say Lue was delirious or Thompson is hiding something . Healthy or not , Thompson 's done their job well this season .
Last week 's episode of the Keeping Karlsson Fantasy Hockey Podcast was all about catching up on two weeks ' worth of action , and this week we 're all about getting you ahead of the curve with all of the latest fantasy hockey news , info and analysis .
This 89th edition of the show kicks off with a deep dive into what the Johansen-Jones trade means for both the players who swapped teams , and the rest of the guys who will be shuffled and shifted around the Columbus and Nashville rosters as a result .
In our Outjuries , we look at a 60 point-plus LA King not named Kopitar or Toffoli , a phenom-in-the-making re-entering the Bruins lineup , a recovered goalie who actually stayed that way long enough to make a start this time around , and a fiery Coyote who 's getting more help than usual from their teammates .
We also look at the impact of injuries to top line fixtures in New Jersey , Calgary and St Louis , and suggest you quickly grab a goalie who could get some games in on a very good team depending on the severity of their teammate 's injury .
Our Players of Note this week include a couple goalies about whom you can comfortably stop tweeting us questions , a great spot starter in an Eastern Conference crease , and a couple top line producers out West .
Finally , the show closes out with a whack of Snoozers , including a couple perennial favourites who have failed to deliver by the midway point , and an apparent false start from a former 30 goal scorer .
Players discussed on this episode include Ryan Johansen , Seth Jones , Alexander Wennberg , Mattias Ekholm , Connor Hellebuyck , Louis Domingue , David Pastrnak , Martin Hanzal , Shane Doan , James Reimer , Jonathan Bernier , Jiri Hudler , Joe Colborne , Mike Cammalleri , James Neal , Mike Ribeiro , Ryan Ellis , Adam Henrique , Brian Elliott , Colton Parayko , Lee Stempniak , Kyle Palmieri , Tobias Rieder , Sean Monahan , Johnny Gaudreau , Jeff Carter , Tanner Pearson , Robin Lehner , Nail Yakupov , Teddy Purcell , Jay Bouwmeester , Jake Allen , Paul Stastny , Linus Ullmark , Chad Johnson , Patrick Sharp , Alex Goligoski , Andrew Ladd , Jason Pominville , Jeff Skinner , Brandon Dubinsky , Tomas Hertl , Al Montoya , Chris Kunitz , Sidney Crosby , Patric Hornqvist , and more .
* * *
Download this episode , subscribe , and review us on iTunes !
Kids these days have it easy . They have access to things we only dreamed of as a child . Seeing as though metal itself is 40 years old , we now have second generation metalheads . I ca n't imagine sharing metal with my parents , but I wish I did . Thankfully , we 've amassed 10 videos of kids who 's parents got them into metal young , and in turns these kids have already surpassed us on the `` metal '' scale . This idea came about after seeing this first video , which surfaced this week…
Meet Murp
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/9875/these-kids-are-more-metal-than-you [ /tv ]
Murp is a brother/sister duo who put other two-piece grind bands to shame . This is their song `` Foot Stompin ' Zombie Mosh '' , and they will soon be signed to Relapse to put out their first EP . Just kidding , or am I ?
Kid Cries For IRON MAIDEN
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/7761/kid-cries-for-iron-maiden [ /tv ]
My god , these parents did something right . Usually , I hear a brat on the street crying , or worse on a plane , and it 's for somethign trivial like a toy or some junk food . But to cry because there is not enough Iron Maiden in your life ? We 've all been there !
Baby Loves PANTERA
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/7199/baby-loves-by-pantera [ /tv ]
Talk about starting them young . This is baby Jonah , and they love Pantera . They walk around and they headbangs as if he 's circlepitting with the best of them at Donnington . If this video does n't put a smile on your face , you have no soul .
Kids Cover Rammstein
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/8845/kids-cover-rammstein [ /tv ]
Now we 're getting into the thick of . All of these kids are no older than eight years old , yet they have great taste in what bands to cover . Rammstein , or somebody from their crew , saw this video themselves and were so impressed , they actually invited the kids to open for them at a recent show . Watch that video here . To have the cajones to get up in front of 20,000 people like that ? Clearly , they 're future rock stars .
Eight-Year-Old Juliet 's First Hardcore Song
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/8287/eight-year-old-girl-sings-hardcore-song [ /tv ]
Them name is Juliet and she 's ready to get them two step on . This is the cutest hardcore song in the history of hardcore songs . Open up this pit ! This video was so popular , it even got a response from another kid , Jacob . Hardcore Kiddie Beef !
Band of 10 Year Olds Perform Enter Sandman by Metallica
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/7742/band-of-10-year-olds-perform-enter-sandman-by-metallica [ /tv ]
Speaking of incredible , here is a full band of kids no older than 10 , known as The Mini Band performing `` Enter Sandman '' as good as , or perhaps better than , Metallica can . In a really awesome gesture , Metallica saw the video and taped this video response inviting the band to open up for them the next time 'tallica plays their neck of the woods .
Grindcore Baby
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/4163/grindcore-baby [ /tv ]
Yes ! Yes ! ! Yes ! ! ! All babies like to scream , so why not put a little Cephalic Carnage to help them along with their yelling ?
Black Metal Babysitting
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/5165/black-metal-babysitting [ /tv ]
Being a black metal parent is difficult , how do you convey the importance and awesomeness of the genre to your young ones while also pursuing fun arts and craft activities . One man found the perfect solution .
Calm A Baby With Black Metal
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/6709/calm-a-baby-with-black-metal [ /tv ]
What is it with black metal and young children that makes playing it so soothing for babies ? Somebody 's found the perfect formula !
Black Metal Teenagers
[ tv ] http : //www.metalinjection.net/tv/view/6306/black-metal-teenagers [ /tv ]
These kids take no shit !
It 's very satisfying to see there is a whole generation of headbangers that will continue to carry the torche of heavy metal for many decades to come .
For more than a year now , EFF has encouraged mainstream press publications like the New York Times to aggressively defend WikiLeaks ' First Amendment right to publish classified information in the public interest and denounce the ongoing grand jury investigating WikiLeaks as a threat to press freedom .
Well , we are now seeing why that is so important : at a House Judiciary subcommittee hearing on July 11th , some members of Congress made it clear they also want New York Times journalists charged under the Espionage Act for their recent stories on President Obama 's ‘ Kill List ' and secret US cyberattacks against Iran . During the hearing , House Republicans “ pressed legal experts Wednesday on whether it was possible to prosecute reporters for publishing classified information , ” according to the Los Angeles Times .
In addition , the Washingtonian 's Shane Harris reported a month ago that a “ senior ” Justice Department official “ made it clear that reporters who talked to sources about classified information were putting themselves at risk of prosecution . ”
Leaks big and small have been happening for decades—even centuries—and the most recent are comparable to several others . No journalist has ever been prosecuted under the Espionage Act and it has generally been accepted , even by Congress 's own research arm , that the publication of government secrets by the press is protected speech under the First Amendment . Yet the government is actively investigating WikiLeaks and now threatening others for just that .
The mainstream media may see little in common with Assange 's digital publication methods or their general demeanor , but what they are accused of is virtually indistinguishable from what other reporters and newspapers do every day : poke , prod , and cajole sources within the government to give up classified information that newspapers then publish to inform the public of the government 's activities .
It 's clear the WikiLeaks and major newspapers ca n't be distinguished in their critics ' own statements . House committee witness Army Col. Ken Allard , echoing the claims by multiple members of Congress­ during the WikiLeaks controversy , called the ‘ kill list ' and cyberattack leaks “ unprecedented ” in American history . And much like previous comments about Julian Assange , Allard likened New York Times reporter David Sanger to a spy , saying they were “ systematically penetrating the Obama White House as effectively as any foreign agent . ”
Similarly , Senator Dianne Feinstein 's recent comments advocating the prosecution of WikiLeaks under the Espionage Act in no sense apply to one media organization but not the other . Salon 's Glenn Greenwald demonstrated this by replacing phrase “ Mr . Assange ” with “ New York Times ” in Sen. Feinstein 's statement to the Australian paper The Sydney Morning Herald :
The head of the US Senate 's powerful intelligence oversight committee has renewed calls for [ The New York Times ] to be prosecuted for espionage . . . . ” I believe [ The New York Times ] has knowingly obtained and disseminated classified information which could cause injury to the United States , ” the chairperson of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , Dianne Feinstein , said in a written statement provided to the Herald . ” [ It ] has caused serious harm to US national security , and [ ] should be prosecuted accordingly . ”
In this case , like many others , Congress has invoked the vague , catchall phrase “ national security ” in an attempt to curtail rights that have existed for decades . As we 've previously pointed out , “ national security ” has been used as an excuse to weaken constitutional protections in laws such as the Patriot Act and CISPA , but it 's also been used in attempts to threaten press freedom .
In 2006 , shortly after the New York Times first exposed the NSA 's illegal warrantless wiretapping program , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales told ABC News they were contemplating charging Times reporters under the Espionage Act because of the perceived harm to “ national security. ” Of course , the investigation did n't hurt national security , but it did inform the American people of an unconstitutional program that later sparked Congressional hearings , and many ongoing lawsuits ( including EFF 's ) . It also won the New York Times the Pulitzer Prize .
The same exaggerated “ national security ” arguments were made during the Pentagon Papers case and many other instances as well . Yet as New York Times editor-in-chief Jill Abramson remarked in the wake of these new leaks , `` No story about details of government secrets has come near to demonstrably hurting the national security in decades and decades . ”
Congress , for its part , is taking the exact opposite approach it should take . Instead of doubling down on secrecy , it should be working to fix our broken classification system and should be calling for fewer secrets . And instead of clamoring for more prosecutions , it should call for a halt to current prosecutions of whistleblowers under the Obama administration—already twice the amount than all other administrations combined .
Still , the nation 's largest editorial boards—the New York Times , Washington Post , and Wall Street Journal—have been silent on the dangers of the WikiLeaks grand jury . If the mainstream media thought they were protected by the 1st Amendment while WikiLeaks could be prosecuted , they should now be on clear notice that the government makes no such distinction .
If the mainstream media leaves Wikileaks to hang , their own necks are at risk too .
Square
My religion is very simple . My religion is kindness . ~ Dalai Lama
As Christmas approaches we are delighted to wonderful decorations , beautiful lights , great presents , and , for Buddhists in America and other western countries , the inevitable question “ So , do you celebrate Christmas ? ” . The question always brings a smile to my face as I answer “ of course ! ” . But how can a non-Christian celebrate Christmas ?
Like most American Buddhists , I was n't born into a Buddhist household . My family was of the Christian/Catholic background , so we always had a Christmas tree , and knew of the story of the birth of Jesus Christ . The smells of freshly cut pine trees , alluring multi-colored lights , decorations , and ( oh ! ) those presents , were just icing on the cake .
So do I celebrate Christmas ? As a Buddhist , I celebrate Christmas in a non-Christian way .
This article is part of a series on Christmas and Buddhism . Click here to view more
Visit and subscribe to my YouTube channel for more Buddhism videos : https : //www.youtube.com/user/alanpeto/
Christ , the Bodhisattva
If you ask most Buddhists what they think of Jesus Christ , you may be surprised to hear some very positive and supportive opinions .
Without speaking to the spiritual context , we believe Jesus exemplified was what those in the Mahayana Buddhist tradition call a “ Bodhisattva “ . A Bodhisattva is one that forgoes their own benefit to help others and has compassion , kindness and love for all beings . Jesus definitely helped others in ways we still experience today by showing the world immense compassion , love , kindness , and beauty and how to incorporate that into their lives and help others . So for Buddhists , we can see Jesus as a blessing to this Earth .
A Bodhisattva is one that forgoes their own benefit to help others and has compassion , kindness and love for all beings . Jesus definitely helped others in ways we still experience today by showing the world immense compassion , love , kindness , and beauty and how to incorporate that into their lives and help others . So for Buddhists , we can see Jesus as a blessing to this Earth . The very popular and well known Vietnamese Buddhist Monk , Ven . Thich Nhat Hanh , wrote an extremely popular book titled “ Living Buddha , Living Christ ” ( this book is on Oprah 's nightstand ) which helps explain how both traditions can understand each other , and share similar beliefs ( such as compassion ) .
For Mahayana Buddhists , the aim of their practice is to become a Bodhisattva , which is an expression of what we call “ bodhichitta ” ( which is the desire to attain enlightenment for the sake of others ) . If there is a slogan for the Bodhisattva , it would be :
May I attain Buddhahood for the benefit of all sentient beings .
Many Buddhists , both lay practitioners and monks , take the “ Bodhisattva vow ” to reinforce this commitment :
Beings are numberless ; I vow to liberate them .
Delusions are inexhaustible ; I vow to end them .
Dharma gates are boundless ; I vow to enter them .
The Buddha Way is unobtainable ; I vow to obtain it .
Becoming a Bodhisattva in Buddhism is not like becoming a god ; a Bodhisattva lives in the here and now working to help all living beings ( read more in this booklet ) .
like becoming a god ; a Bodhisattva lives in the here and now working to help all living beings ( read more in this booklet ) . An interesting part of the story of Jesus is that they were very much like a Bodhisattva ( in their own faith , of course , and not Buddhism ) . In summary , Jesus descended into hell to free anyone who wanted salvation . The point being , Jesus did n't abandon anyone…even those already in hell . That 's kind of cool . That story always strikes me as how we view Bodhisattva 's in Buddhism…we are actively living in “ hell ” in our world ( not the hell you 'll read about in the Bible , but one of our own doing ) and actively work to help and free those in this world from delusion .
The Buddha Tree
Do Buddhist 's have a Christmas Tree ? Well , we may have decorated pine trees in our homes , but it may or may not have anything to do with Christmas .
Most people are not aware that things such as the ‘ Christmas Tree ' , was actually a pagan tradition during the winter solstice , which no Christian wanted to adopt at first ( in-fact it was banned by Christians , the Church , etc. ) . It was only after it was promoted in a magazine that Queen Victoria had one that it was popularized , and then only in the late 1800 's did Americans adopt it . Even Christmas Day ( December 25th ) was actually during the very popular pagan winter solstice ( the 25th was the ‘ return of the sun ' ) . It 's still unknown when Christ was actually born , and this date was decided since there was already established celebration that the church could switch from a pagan celebration , to a Christian celebration .
A popular Buddhist holiday , Bodhi Day , is celebrated in December as well ( and goes on for 30 days ) to celebrate the Buddha 's enlightenment . Those multi-colored lights you use for your Christmas tree , are also used during this celebration on ficus trees . Although many Western Buddhist 's may have an artificial pine ( Christmas ) tree they can use for the same purpose .
( and goes on for 30 days ) to celebrate the Buddha 's enlightenment . Those multi-colored lights you use for your Christmas tree , are also used during this celebration on ficus trees . Although many Western Buddhist 's may have an artificial pine ( Christmas ) tree they can use for the same purpose . So having a “ Christmas Tree ” is quite acceptable with Western Buddhist 's to have , and some may even have one because some of their family members may be Christians , Catholics , etc . Buddhism is accepting of other religions , so this would n't bother us at all . My Christmas tree still has my mom 's angel ( from the 1960 's ) at the top every year .
Wrapping Up a Buddha
When it comes to gift giving , Buddhists look to Saint Nicolas ( aka “ Santa Claus ” ) for someone who resembles our values .
The selflessness and compassion Saint Nicholas brought to children is something that is very much a part of Buddhism , which is the selfless act of charity and caring without expecting anything in return . We are very mindful of what gifts we give to others , and want them to be meaningful and not harmful . For example , we would not give a gun ( even a toy one ) to a child as a present on a day that we want to express peace for all humankind .
We are very mindful of what gifts we give to others , and want them to be meaningful and not harmful . For example , we would not give a gun ( even a toy one ) to a child as a present on a day that we want to express peace for all humankind . The love , sacrifice , teachings of love , and kindness of Jesus Christ is the kind of things that Buddhists go all teary eyed about . We are all about how we are all connected , and helping one another . Just like the Buddha , Jesus ( 500 years later ) also took in all sorts of people with various backgrounds into their flock . Jesus did n't care about your past , but where you are going . The Buddha and Jesus would have a lot to talk about if they were walking together .
is the kind of things that Buddhists go all teary eyed about . We are all about how we are all connected , and helping one another . Just like the Buddha , Jesus ( 500 years later ) also took in all sorts of people with various backgrounds into their flock . Jesus did n't care about your past , but where you are going . The Buddha and Jesus would have a lot to talk about if they were walking together . When it comes to presents , Jesus and Buddha had different gifts , of course . While Jesus promoted salvation and heaven after death , the Buddha promoted inner salvation and heaven in the here and now . The Buddha gave us the gift of their teachings , which were their explanation of how “ life ” works ( to sum it up in a single sentence ) . Part of that gift is a present you make . You ARE the present…all nicely wrapped up ( with a bow even ) . What is inside is the most beautiful gift in the world , known as enlightenment . Do you know how you feel as you rip away the wrapping paper of a present ( that is the same in Buddhism as ripping away the false concept of “ self ” ) . As you start ripping away , you become more excited , but also can see the ‘ box ' of your present…which makes you more excited , because now you know what you are getting . As you open the box ( what we call awakening in Buddhism ) , you hold in your hands the actual present . This is enlightenment . Sorry if you were looking for a new game console instead 😉
If you 're are looking to get a present for a Buddhist for Christmas , look no further than my article about it ( click here ) .
“ But Wait . Do n't You Worship to Your ‘ God ' , Buddha ? ”
Not at all . The historical Buddha that everyone knows ( Siddhārtha Gautama ) is not a “ God ” in Buddhism , but instead our respected teacher and above all…a human being .
a “ God ” in Buddhism , but instead our respected teacher and above all…a human being . The Buddha told everyone that they were just a man who had found the meaning of life and end to suffering ( enlightenment ) . They never claimed to be any god , deity , or spiritual being .
told everyone that they They claimed to be any god , deity , or spiritual being . You may see Buddhists bow to a statue of the Buddha , but that is out of respect for them as our teacher , not as idol worship . In Asian countries , students everywhere bow to their teachers out of respect and humility , and the Buddha is no different . Some Buddhists even give offerings of food , water , etc. , to a statue of the Buddha not as an offering to a god , but instead is a practice to bring about selflessness and compassion in themselves . This is similar to “ repetition in learning something ” , and in Buddhism this helps us to awaken and bring out the kindness in ourselves so we can share this selflessness and compassion with everyone .
What Does a Buddhist “ do ” on Christmas ?
Glad you asked ! I have an entire article about five things a Buddhist can do on Christmas . Basically , a Buddhist can continue their practice of being compassionate , caring , thoughtful , mindful , and respectful of others . I not only take this time to take part in the traditional Christmas activities , but also to ensure I connect , understand , and embrace the many different religious activities that occur this time of year . The stories and examples of peace and love to all are a shining light of how we should all be with each other .
Thank you for reading , and Merry Christmas !
Recommended Reading
If you would like to read two fantastic books related to Buddhism and Christianity , Ven . Thich Nhat Hanh has two great ones that are very popular :
Living Buddha , Living Christ
By Ven . Thich Nhat Hanh
If you are a Christian , this is not only a great book to understand Buddhist concepts , but to also see how they have similar parallels with Buddhism . There are many points in the book that cause both Christian and Buddhist practitioners to pause and think not only of similar beliefs , but also how they can make their life better ( and their faith stronger ) . A must-read book that helps to create understanding between these two religions .
Going Home : Jesus and Buddha as Brothers
By Ven . Thich Nhat Hanh
A companion book to “ Living Buddha , Living Christ ” , this book is aimed towards Christians who may have become Buddhists , or who are exploring it . The book helps guide them towards similarities between Buddhism and Christianity , and Buddha and Jesus , so they can remain in their Christian faith . Buddhism reinforces that people should remain in their own faiths because it is the right thing to do , and not to become a Buddhist unless careful thought and understanding is first undertaken . Ven . Hanh reinforces this longstanding belief as practiced by the Buddha with this book by helping those who follow Christ , but are exploring Buddhism , to feel reassured to stay in their religion .
If you enjoyed this article , please share !
Please Share : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Pocket
Email
The release of PC Music 's first official single “ Hey QT ” back in August was—alongside Drake 's lint rolling adventure and Craig David 's keratin-toned abs—was one of the most discussed music moments in 2014 .
“ [ PC Music are letting ] everyone knows there 's another way to make dizzy , love-soaked pop hits ” , prophesied one corner , blessing “ Hey QT ” with the prestigious Best New Music accolade and bringing them to wider attention . Elsewhere some joyless teaspoon called the track “ pure , contemptuous parody , ” proof that , as has been repeated ad nauseum this year , PC Music is to some people as divisive as the inner workings of the United States government .
The label arrived this year as a direct opposition to the faceless British electronic scene . These were not dark , numb , cold bedroom producers ; they were a troupe of candy cute , realized pop stars , the likes of which had n't been seen before . The music they brought with them—a schizophrenic amalgamation of chiptune , glory-runs of Kiss FM pop bangers , and a smattering of K-Pop and discordant electro resulting in contusion of the frontal lobe , ecstasy , or a combination of both—was unlike anything before . The songs were not only the first since dubstep with the potential to piss old people off ; they were the first in ages to divide friendship groups .
PC Music is a thing that people hate and people love . We know this , you know this , everyone knows this because we 've all existed in 2014 . But that 's not the whole story . I do n't think the label is intending to piss anyone off or divide opinion . Look deeper , and there 's more to them than a bunch of songs threatening the sensory development of the listener ; there are the components of a conceptual art project . I get that sounds weird if you 're the type of person who thinks listening to “ QT ” for three days straight is akin to being force-fed cloudy lemonade through your rectum , but bear with me .
The three components of PC Music are identity , consumerism , and commercialism . The first , the visual identity of the world around us , is built into the foundation of the label . Despite only being around for about a year , PC Music 's official roster comprises of 12 artists , and they 've put out releases by countless others ; most of these have been ruminated over by publications ranging from the Fader to the Guardian to Boiler Room . The new label , championed as The Future of Pop , has been covered with increasing glee , yet no artist interview—aside from one small exchange with QT—has taken place . Seems strange for a new thing right ? That 's because most of the artists on the label do n't exist . They ca n't be interviewed because they 're not real .
Like Damon Albarn 's Gorillaz , the artists in PC Music breathe only in a virtual reality controlled by a creative overlord—or in this case A. G. Cook , Danny L Harle , GFOTY , and Hannah Diamond ; the four names you can place on PC Music without hesitation . I am convinced most of the other artists are the spawn of the core four . Dux Content is Danny and Alex ; Kane West is probably just Alex ; Life Sim seems like Danny ; most of the songs with female vocals sound like Hannah or GFOTY . There are other people involved , sure—Spinee has to be Sophie because who else would make something as batshit crazy as this , and the names are similar . An extended scene has started to grow on the periphery with Ana Caprix , LOGO , [ Doss ] , etc. , but it boils down to one thing : PC Music 's artists are characters . They 're not living entities ; they 're meticulously planned and considered long-running art pieces , kind of like living installations who put out music .
The anonymity gives the label 's artists space to experiment . In the same way Damon Albarn created Gorillaz as a backlash against a substance-less MTV , PC Music plays around with visual identity , aspirational energy , and hyper-detail of commercialism . Each artist on the label derives from a similar reference point , the PC Music aesthetic , and develops it in a different way . Hannah Diamond is a clinically real popstar ; GFOTY is a Red Bull and vodka compatriot ; QT is “ a sparkling future pop sensation. ” If it was n't clear from QT 's introduction as the face of an energy drink brand , the artists are not presented as musicians as much as they 're presented as immaculately designed products with an identity .
Watch the label 's Halloween live stream and you 'll spot the nuances of each artist and the way they 've been molded . A.G. Cook is a silent mime who delivers up a confuddled soundscape . Danny “ dick in the pants ” Harle is comical ; their set features the sort of humour found on r/videos . They wear shorts and sunglasses throughout and never once touches the decks but also plays sun-brazen Happy Hardcore remixes of “ Call Me Maybe ” and Rinse FM cuts that sound like eternity . GFOTY is loud and bratty—moaning about how they hate spiders over a backing track that repeatedly jabs you in the ribs , asking if it can please stay the night . Spinee is a bastardized techno dog . Watching the various sets , you start to see PC Music is n't a bunch of people bastardizing electronic music ; it 's a collection of artists using the internet and its multimedia capabilities as a medium .
Moving through the label 's roster , you see how the PC Music concept regenerates itself , building on the label 's foundation . Look at their trajectory . First came confusion at the perplexing sound of Hannah Diamond . Then as people started to write and the label put out more exquisite sound-and-visual designs , each one more and more on point , they became The Next Big Thing ; that 's because that 's how they presented themselves . Princess Bambi 's “ Less Love More Sex ” is like the sweaty-coital cut Hannah Diamond would put on when arriving home ; Dux Content 's “ Like You ” sits somewhere between Danny L Harle 's “ Broken Flowers ” and “ Friday Night ” ; Thy Slaughter is basically GFOTY feeling sweet and pretty after reading a heartwarming Whatsapp message . The return to a base plate plays on ideas of commercialism—there 's strong brand identity there , like how there are 107 Doritos flavors in the world but the foundation is always tortilla—and also the way we consume music . Like bigger , worldwide music conglomerates—October 's Very Own , G.O.O.D . Music , etc.—the label has a formula that consumers familiarize themselves with and want to return to . It 's kind of like advertising except PC Music are n't selling anything . Even now , they feel like the work of a big brand rather than 20-somethings with a wi-fi connection and hacked copies of Adobe After Effects .
The want to associate with high-levels of professionalism but to also maintain a degree of appearing like a grassroots artistic movement has been touched upon by A.G. Cook . In an interview with Tank Magazine last year they said the name PC Music alludes to the crucial tool computers play in life , “ not just for making electronic music but for making amateur music that is also potentially very slick , where the difference between bedroom and professional studio production can be very ambiguous ” .
This ambiguous spot between amateur and professional work is at the core of everything PC Music do . Look at the tracks and artwork : They 're made on personal computers but sound and look like they 've been generated by entire departments . They 're raw but immaculate . Perhaps the reason the label 's artists are so divisive is because they 're working within a divide .
Like a global conglomerate , the label teases the desires of its consumers . At first that was 'what 's this thing everyone is talking about ? ' That then turned into a want to see them live , to download their records , to learn more about them . But there 's nothing to learn about PC Music other than what they decide to engineer . The listeners and fans are kept hanging on . It 's an opposing approach to anything a label with their interest would attempt , which is yet another way PC Music exist in an ambiguous space .
Then there 's the fact that some music editors will tell you they hate Hannah Diamond or think the label is the second coming of Aqua 's “ Barbie Girl ” dressed in sportswear and taking the piss out of your favorite twink-techno . Their websites continue to write about them , though . If that does n't have something to do with consumerism then IDK . Take my Media Studies degree away .
The final reason why the label feels like a conceptual project comes down to the most obvious : the songs they 're making , the ones that get some tweeting in rage and others treating desk chairs like bouncy castles for butts . There 's more to them that sound though . As Aimee Cliff points out in The Awl , there 's a theme that runs across most of the label 's output , which is that these artists “ crave the idea of forever… obsessed with images and products and anything else that they think might help preserve them . ”
Identity is something that changes all the time . We grow old , start to wear trousers because they 're comfortable not fashionable , and lose our youthful character . There 'll always be that one Facebook photo though . The time you looked impeccable at that party , wore the right clothes on the perfect holiday , or actually had some hair on your head , and it 's that moment you want to return to forever . However , you ca n't because time machines have n't been invented , and all you have is that photo to look back on .
The world of advertising however , is different . Coca-Cola has the same identity it 's had since they started serving up bottles with cocaine in back in 1892 . The models in Chanel ads are immortalized forever . The same goes for the internet . Everything on there will last forever . It wo n't go away . Our virtual identities will exist even when the only residents on Earth are empty Wal-mart bags and cans of Red Bull .
I think that 's what PC Music are trying to do here . Basing themselves on commercial ideals but continuing to do it themselves , they 're striving to create virtual identities that live on forever . And I like this idea because we all want to be immortal , right ? I know I do n't want to die .
PC Music have created a conversation that centers around how we change our perception of things based on them being presented as professional content , and in doing so they 're experimenting with how the commercial world works , how we consume music , and the way we construct our own identities in a virtual world .
The label may be unlistenable to some ; to others it 's like taking Prozac . But the fact it 's already been discussed at this length , and the mass divide that 's come between only furthers the artists ' experiment . It 's the reason why they 've been important this year and should continue to be important in the future . It 's going to be exciting to see them grow .
Either way , let 's hope they continue to reduce wank-techno music fans into tears .
Follow Ryan Bassil on Twitter .
If none of the iPhone cases available suit your needs , then why not make your own ? It 's possible , say a team of researchers that have designed a printer capable of making almost anything - including more of itself .
The RepRap 3D printer can make all sorts of objects , including itself
The Replicating Rapid-prototyper ( RepRap ) was created by scientists from the University of Bath and is essentially a printer that 's able to build 3D plastic objects , such as door handles . It uses a technique called “ additive fabrication ” to 'print ' thin layers of molten plastic which then solidify . Spray another layer on top of the first , then more layers , and you can make useful objects .
The parent RepRap gave birth to another RepRap
RepRap has even been used to create another version of itself , essentially seeing the original , or parent , machine create a so-called child version . Although 3D printers are n't a new concept , the team claims that RepRap is the first such machine able to ‘ print ' itself .
The researchers based RepRap on open source software and published tutorials online that describe the machine 's design process . Using its plans , the Bath University team claims a motivated amateur could build themselves a RepRap for around £300 ( €380/ $ 590 ) .
Dr Adrian Bowyer , a senior lecturer in engineering at Bath University , oversaw the RepRap project and said the machine allows people to make exactly what they want .
An iPhone holder made by the RepRap
“ If the design of an existing object does n't quite suit their needs , [ users ] can easily redesign it on their PC and print that out . They can also print out extra RepRap printers to give to their friends , ” added Bowyer .
Vaccum cleaner bigwig Sir James Dyson even sucked-up the courage to publically congratulate the Bath University team on its RepRap success . “ It could allow people to change the ergonomics of a design to their own specific needs , ” they said .
If you 're inspired to build your own RepRap , then a list of the parts required and details of how then to put them together are available online here .
Watching for hazards : ESA opens asteroid centre
SSA NEOCC inauguration
ESA today inaugurated a new hub that will strengthen Europe 's contribution to the global hunt for asteroids and other hazardous natural objects that may strike Earth .
Near-Earth Objects , or NEOs , are asteroids or comets with sizes ranging from metres to tens of kilometres that orbit the Sun and whose orbits come close to that of Earth . There are over 600 000 asteroids known in our Solar System , and almost 10 000 of them are NEOs .
Dramatic proof that some of these could strike Earth came on 15 February , when an unknown object thought to be 17–20 m in diameter exploded high above Chelyabinsk , Russia , with 20–30 times the energy of the Hiroshima atomic bomb . The resulting shock wave caused widespread damage and injuries , making it the largest known natural object to have entered the atmosphere since the 1908 Tunguska event .
ESA 's new NEO Coordination Centre will serve as the central access point to a network of European NEO data sources and information providers being established under ESA 's Space Situational Awareness ( SSA ) Programme .
This is the second centre to be opened under SSA leadership after the Space Weather Coordination Centre that opened in Brussels last month .
1 # 1 Rikachu 0 Frags – + bo5 ? bo5 ?
2 # 2 crackbabydumpster 0 Frags – + Best of 5 ? Best of 5 ?
3 # 3 mana 6 Frags – + Whoops , sorry , it 's the best of 3 . Whoops , sorry , it 's the best of 3 .
4 # 4 Erratic 55 Frags – + the decider for : Thalash vs b4nny the decider for : Thalash vs b4nny
5 # 5 rowrow 2 Frags – + So glad we get to see Thalash vs b4nny after the group stages ' 1-1 tie . So glad we get to see Thalash vs b4nny after the group stages ' 1-1 tie .
6 # 6 yuki 40 Frags – + you can do it mike you can do it mike
7 # 7 Daijou 13 Frags – + freestate to pound freestate to pound
8 # 8 Reero 9 Frags – + go freestate ! go freestate !
9 # 9 Noosa 3 Frags – + fan of freestate ! fan of freestate !
10 # 10 Dagger cp_granary_pro 4 Frags – + Go free ! > : - ) Go free ! > : - )
11 # 11 _vitto 6 Frags – + Lets go mikey @ @ @ Lets go mikey @ @ @
12 # 12 bl4nk 15 Frags – + In mike we trust In mike we trust
13 # 13 Wandum 12 Frags – + VoHiYo VoHiYo
14 # 14 SpaceCadet 5 Frags – + need to go set the alarm and get up early on a Sunday .... need to go set the alarm and get up early on a Sunday ....
15 # 15 DrPloxo 7 Frags – + if this goes to map 3 they need to actually fight if this goes to map 3 they need to actually fight
16 # 16 3680962134679021 12 Frags – + Any golden caps should be resolved with a fist fight instead Any golden caps should be resolved with a fist fight instead
17 # 17 Jaeden 20 Frags – + Freegasm http : //i.imgur.com/wTPOEQQ.jpg Freegasm
[ img ] http : //i.imgur.com/wTPOEQQ.jpg [ /img ]
18 # 18 EoN 8 Frags – + Alle to bring a lot of death Alle to bring a lot of death
19 # 19 Diplomatt 21 Frags – + Sil is gon na pound VoHiYo Sil is gon na pound VoHiYo
20 # 20 smesi 28 Frags – + Diplomatt Sil is gon na pound VoHiYo Their body pillow VoHiYo [ quote=Diplomatt ] Sil is gon na pound VoHiYo [ /quote ]
Their body pillow VoHiYo
22 # 22 Stevie 29 Frags – + Imagine if b4nny lost to thalash on LAN .... Imagine if b4nny lost to thalash on LAN ....
23 # 23 Hawk- 42 Frags – + Stevie Imagine if b4nny lost to thalash on LAN .... What do you mean imagine ? Just wait 4 hours : > [ quote=Stevie ] Imagine if b4nny lost to thalash on LAN .... [ /quote ]
What do you mean imagine ? Just wait 4 hours : >
24 # 24 Wafu 6 Frags – + Mike to produce average Mike stats and top DPM on roamer . Mike to produce average Mike stats and top DPM on roamer .
25 # 25 RainofLight -16 Frags – + https : //youtu.be/zSm0wHJt2Lw ? t=38s friendly reminder for everyone to spam this every time thalash kills b4nny or if froyo lose : ｉｍ ｓｏｒｒｙ ｉｍ ｎｏｔ ｇｏｏｄ ｉ ａｐｏｌｏｇｉｚｅ ｆｏｒ ｍｙ ｅｇｏ ｐｌｅａｓｅ ｆｏｒｇｉｖｅ ｍｅ , ｉｍ ｊｕｓｔ ｅｕｒｏｐｅｅａｎ https : //youtu.be/zSm0wHJt2Lw ? t=38s
friendly reminder for everyone to spam this every time thalash kills b4nny or if froyo lose :
ｉｍ ｓｏｒｒｙ ｉｍ ｎｏｔ ｇｏｏｄ ｉ ａｐｏｌｏｇｉｚｅ ｆｏｒ ｍｙ ｅｇｏ ｐｌｅａｓｅ ｆｏｒｇｉｖｅ ｍｅ , ｉｍ ｊｕｓｔ ｅｕｒｏｐｅｅａｎ
26 # 26 glitture 40 Frags – + RainofLight https : //youtu.be/zSm0wHJt2Lw ? t=38s
friendly reminder for everyone to spam this every time thalash kills b4nny or if froyo lose :
ｉｍ ｓｏｒｒｙ ｉｍ ｎｏｔ ｇｏｏｄ ｉ ａｐｏｌｏｇｉｚｅ ｆｏｒ ｍｙ ｅｇｏ ｐｌｅａｓｅ ｆｏｒｇｉｖｅ ｍｅ , ｉｍ ｊｕｓｔ ｅｕｒｏｐｅｅａｎ b4nny subs bashing b4nny on the forums to get +frags LUL [ quote=RainofLight ] https : //youtu.be/zSm0wHJt2Lw ? t=38s
friendly reminder for everyone to spam this every time thalash kills b4nny or if froyo lose :
ｉｍ ｓｏｒｒｙ ｉｍ ｎｏｔ ｇｏｏｄ ｉ ａｐｏｌｏｇｉｚｅ ｆｏｒ ｍｙ ｅｇｏ ｐｌｅａｓｅ ｆｏｒｇｉｖｅ ｍｅ , ｉｍ ｊｕｓｔ ｅｕｒｏｐｅｅａｎ [ /quote ]
b4nny subs bashing b4nny on the forums to get +frags LUL
27 # 27 RainofLight 8 Frags – + camper RainofLight https : //youtu.be/zSm0wHJt2Lw ? t=38s
friendly reminder for everyone to spam this every time thalash kills b4nny or if froyo lose :
ｉｍ ｓｏｒｒｙ ｉｍ ｎｏｔ ｇｏｏｄ ｉ ａｐｏｌｏｇｉｚｅ ｆｏｒ ｍｙ ｅｇｏ ｐｌｅａｓｅ ｆｏｒｇｉｖｅ ｍｅ , ｉｍ ｊｕｓｔ ｅｕｒｏｐｅｅａｎ b4nny subs bashing b4nny on the forums to get +frags LUL pretty sure everyone bashes b4nny 's cockiness because it is genuinely hilarious [ quote=camper ] [ quote=RainofLight ] https : //youtu.be/zSm0wHJt2Lw ? t=38s
friendly reminder for everyone to spam this every time thalash kills b4nny or if froyo lose :
ｉｍ ｓｏｒｒｙ ｉｍ ｎｏｔ ｇｏｏｄ ｉ ａｐｏｌｏｇｉｚｅ ｆｏｒ ｍｙ ｅｇｏ ｐｌｅａｓｅ ｆｏｒｇｉｖｅ ｍｅ , ｉｍ ｊｕｓｔ ｅｕｒｏｐｅｅａｎ [ /quote ]
b4nny subs bashing b4nny on the forums to get +frags LUL [ /quote ]
pretty sure everyone bashes b4nny 's cockiness because it is genuinely hilarious
28 # 28 mackeyD 9 Frags – + i was going to agree but b4nny sub i was going to agree but b4nny sub
29 # 29 dancefloor 3 Frags – + Mike is here to destroy Mike is here to destroy
SINGAPORE - They have had `` staring incidents '' with foreign workers and wanted to hone their fighting skills .
So 18-year-old Daryl Lim Jun Liang picked foreign workers who were shorter and smaller , to beat them up with their friends . Between September and October last year , they were involved in four such incidents .
The Institute of Technical Education ( ITE ) student pleaded guilty to one charge of voluntarily causing hurt , and another charge will be taken into consideration for sentencing .
On Friday , the prosecution called for a more vigorous probation for the teen , so they would not associate with their gang members anymore , and would reflect on their wrongdoings .
On Oct 3 last year at around 3am , Lim and their three friends - Tan Jun Liang , 18 , and two other 15-year-olds who can not be named due to a gag order - met up in Yishun . The boys wanted to look for foreign workers to assault .
Around 6am , they spotted Chinese national Zuo Yu Nian , 48 . Mr Zuo was walking along a pavement at Yishun Avenue 6 , when the boys set upon him . Lim and a 15-year-old accomplice punched them multiple times on the face and mouth . All four then fled the scene , leaving Mr Zuo bleeding .
Calling for a stricter probation , Deputy Public Prosecutor ( DPP ) Nicholas Lai said that the attack on the victim was entirely unprovoked , and there was a clear pre-meditated intent to pick on and assault a specific group with a certain build - `` foreign workers who were deemed by the group as physically weak and unlikely to fight back '' .
`` This had the potential to harm social cohesion which must be deterred , '' said DPP Lai .
They added that when asked by the probation officer about their actions , Lim had said they were feeling bored , and they wanted to practise their fighting skills , and had negative encounters with foreign workers , so they were chosen as targets .
`` Such a response is both strikingly shocking and alarming which reveals the accused 's profound lack of respect for another person , and their flagrant disregard for the law . ''
DPP Lai called for 18 months ' probation , including three months in the Singapore Boys ' Hostel , 120 hours of community service , and a curfew between 10pm and 6am .
Lim 's lawyer Luke Lee asked that their client not be sent to the Singapore Boys ' Hostel , as they are studying and is on an ITE work attachment .
They are expected to be sentenced on April 10 .
The case involving Tan is still pending . The two 15-year-olds have been put on probation for 18 months .
For voluntarily causing hurt , Lim can be jailed up to two years and fined up to $ 5,000 .
limyihan @ sph.com.sg
The Alamance-Burlington school system announced last night that a $ 4.9 million budget reduction leaves school officials with the task of cutting more than 60 jobs and increasing class sizes by one student .
17 teaching positions , 35 teacher assistants , two assistant principals , three directors and four student-support psychologists will be eliminated . No layoffs will be required ; all of those who were in these positions will have retired .
There will also be more than $ 1.6 million in cuts for classroom supplies , technology and staff and teacher training .
Alamance-Burlington joins a growing list of school districts that have been forced to make difficult cuts as the 2013-14 school year approaches .
* * * * *
While the debate rages on about whether or not North Carolina 's General Assembly actually made damaging cuts to public schools with the 2013-15 budget , NC Policy Watch is keeping a running tally of education funding cuts that local school districts are coping with as they open up for the 2013-14 academic year .
The list below links to stories in local media that detail the funding cuts at the school district level . The information in these stories is subject to change . This list will be continually updated ; if you have a report to add , please email lindsay @ ncpolicywatch.com .
Alamance-Burlington :
17 teaching positions lost ;
35 teacher assistant positions lost ;
2 assistant principal positions lost ;
3 directors lost ;
4 student-support psychologist positions lost ;
$ 1.6 million in cuts for classroom supplies , technology and staff development [ The Times News ]
Buncombe County :
24 teacher assistants lost ;
Teacher assistants who remain will face reduced hours and days on the job . [ Black Mountain News ]
Cabarrus County :
In May , the system laid off 129 teacher assistant positions ; they have been able to restore only 22 , resulting in a loss of 107 teacher assistants . [ The Hickory Record ]
Camden County :
Camden will lose funding for six teaching positions and four teacher assistant positions ;
Superintendent Hawkins said they plan to fund their district 's teaching and teacher assistant positions that the state will not be paying for this year . [ The Daily Advance ]
Clinton City Schools :
10 teacher positions lost ;
$ 238k reduction in teacher assistant funding ; and
51 % reduction in funding for instructional supplies .
The Clinton City Board of Education has not yet decided if local funds can plug some of the holes . [ The Sampson Independent ]
Craven County :
5 teacher assistants will be laid off ;
Additional 19 percent funding reduction for jobs next year and a spending freeze on all teacher assistant positions [ WCTI12.com ]
Cumberland County :
111 teacher assistant positions cut ;
$ 230,000 cut for instructional supplies . [ Fayetteville Observer ]
Edenton-Chowan Schools :
Facing a reduction in state funding of $ 831,385 ;
May cut as many as 8½ teaching positions ;
May cut 8 teacher assistant positions ;
Also faces a 50 percent reduction in funding of classroom materials — it received $ 132,631 last year , versus $ 64,926 this year ;
78 percent reduction in funding of textbooks . [ The Daily Advance ]
Elizabeth City-Pasquotank Schools :
19.5 teaching positions cut ;
14 teacher assistant positions cut ;
One instructional support position cut ;
$ 4,000 in funds used for the English as a Second Language program cut for 2013-14 . [ The Daily Advance ]
Guilford County :
No TAs cut in exchange for all 1,300 teacher assistants losing 7 paid workdays . [ News & Record ]
Onslow County :
169 positions will not be funded for teachers , teacher assistants and instructional support . [ WITN.com ]
Perquimans County :
6.5 teaching positions lost ;
5 teacher assistants lost ;
Funding of classroom materials cut to $ 52,548 . Perquimans had been planning on receiving about $ 107,000 , based on student enrollment projections for the upcoming year ;
Textbook funding will also be reduced to $ 26,000 . [ The Daily Advance ]
Randolph County :
All teacher assistants will take a 6 % reduction in salaries next year ;
The county will also use remaining textbook funding to try to cover remediation and staff development ;
Instructional supplies will take a hit . [ The Courier-Tribune ]
Rowan-Salisbury Schools :
More than 80 positions will be lost ;
$ 600,000 cut to instructional supplies . [ Salisbury Post ]
I 've been developing a PHP/MySQL web application that will be accessed by multiple users . These users will be both viewing and editing records in the database . Obviously , any situation in which multiple users may be performing operations on the same record puts the integrity of the data at risk .
In the case of my application , there is a very real possibility ( a certainty , actually ) that two or more people will open the same record at the same time , make changes , and attempt to save these changes . This common concurrent execution problem is known as the “ lost update ” .
User A opens record “ A ” .
User B opens record “ A ” .
User A saves changes to record “ A ” .
User B saves changes to record “ A ” .
In this example , User A 's changes are lost – replaced by User B 's changes .
I started to look for a method of preventing this sort of data loss . At first , I wanted to lock the record using a sort of check-in/check-out system . User A would check-out record “ A ” , and then have exclusive write access to that record until it was checked back in as part of the saving process . There were a number of problems with this method , foremost that User A may decide to not make any changes and so not save the record , which would leave the record in a checked-out state until further administrative action was taken to unlock it .
For awhile , I tried to come up with some ingenious way around this , which usually boiled down to somehow automatically unlocking the record after a period of time . But this is not a satisfactory solution . For one thing , a user may have a legitimate reason to keep the record checked-out for longer periods . For another , User B should n't have to wait for a time-out event to occur if User A is no longer in the record .
So what I eventually came up with is a method of checking whether a record has been changed since it was accessed by the user each time a save is initiated . My particular way of doing this involves comparing timestamps , but other ways exist .
Here 's how I 'm implementing my solution to the lost update concurrency issue :
User A creates record “ A ” and saves it at 9:00 AM . A “ last-saved timestamp ” of 9:00 AM is generated and saved to the record .
User A opens record “ A ” at 10:00 AM . An “ opened timestamp ” of 10:00 AM is generated and written to a hidden ( or readonly ) input field on the HTML page .
User B opens record “ A ” at 10:00 AM . An “ opened timestamp ” of 10:00 AM is generated and written to a hidden ( or readonly ) input field on the HTML page .
At 10:30 AM , User A attempts to save the record . The “ last-saved timestamp ” is retrieved from the record . The “ opened timestamp ” of 10:00 AM is compared to the “ last-saved timestamp ” of 9:00 AM . Because the record has not been changed since it was opened , the record is saved . A new “ last-saved timestamp ” of 10:30 AM is generated and saved to the record .
At 11:00 AM , User B attempts to save the record . The “ last-saved timestamp ” is retrieved from the record . The “ opened timestamp ” of 10:00 AM is compared to the “ last-saved timestamp ” of 10:30 AM ( User A 's timestamp ) . Because the record has been changed since it was opened by User B , User B is not allowed to save the record .
User B will have to re-open record “ A ” , consider the effect that User A 's changes may have , and then make any desired changes .
Unless I 'm missing something , this assures that the data from the earlier save will not be overwritten by the later save . To keep things consistent , I 'm using PHP to generate all of my timestamps from the server clock , as JavaScript time is based on the user 's system time and is therefore wholly unreliable .
The main drawback , that I see , is extra work for User B , who has to now review the record as saved by User A before deciding what changes to make . But this is going to be necessary anyway , as changes made between when User B opened and attempted to save the record may influence User B 's update .
The strange thing is that I have n't seen this offered as a solution on any of the pages I found while Googling for solutions to the access control , lost update and other concurrency-related data loss problems . Lots of people acknowledge the problem and potential for data loss , but few offer solutions on the application level – preferring to rely on a database engine 's ability to lock rows .
An independent filmmaker and their family were found dead in a Minnesota home over the weekend from what media outlets are describing as an “ apparent murder suicide . ”
On Saturday , a neighbor alerted authorities after seeing the lifeless bodies of 29-year-old writer , film producer and Army veteran David Crowley , their wife Komel , 28 , and their 5-year-old daughter , Rani , laying inside their Apple Valley home .
Neighbor Collin Prochnow was investigating why packages had been sitting on the family 's doorstep for weeks . Prochnow says that after ringing the doorbell they peered through the window and “ saw three bodies on the ground with a black handgun next to them , ” according to KARE11 .
It 's uncertain how long the bodies had been there , but neighbors suspect they died sometime over the Christmas holiday .
Numerous law enforcement agencies are investigating the causes of death , but police have yet to release a statement . They are reportedly treating the death as “ suspicious , ” notes the Daily Mail .
“ Crowley served a tour of duty in Iraq during their five-year stint in the Army and met Komel while stationed in Texas , ” reports New York Daily News .
Neighbors say they had n't taken notice of the family 's absence , but say they 'd previously seen Crowley in their yard playing with their daughter .
Though scant details have been made public , reports are already suggesting Crowley may be responsible due to a recent short haircut , recent pictures uploaded to social media and because they “ started wearing fatigues ” according to the Star Tribune .
Adding to the suspicious circumstances surrounding the deaths is the controversial nature of Crowley 's latest project , entitled Gray State , a highly-anticipated independent film envisioning a brutal police state , martial law crackdown , complete with biometric identification , a ubiquitous surveillance state and FEMA stormtroopers rounding dissidents up into camps .
One of the actors appearing in a trailer for Gray State , Charles Hubbell , told Pioneer Press Crowley seemed level-headed and destined to succeed .
“ He seemed more grounded and focused than would lend itself to anything chaotic , ” Hubbell described . “ The entire time I worked with them there was nothing aggressive or chaotic or strange or abnormal . They were one of the ones I was hanging my hat on , one who was going to succeed . ”
The film 's Indiegogo campaign met its finance goal in October 2012 , raising $ 61,332 that would go towards “ pre-production needs . ”
Crowley had also been working on a non-fiction film entitled Gray State : The Rise , “ a documentary extolling the beauty of liberty over oppression , slavery , and tyranny , ” according to the film 's Facebook page . A message appearing on the page yesterday lamented its director 's loss :
Director David Crowley and Gray State co-producer Danny Mason were interviewed on the Alex Jones Show in September 2012 .
“ Going back to the nature of resistance , resistance is victory . That is a statement that the Gray State does a very good job of describing , ” Crowley told Alex . “ Even though you may be killed resisting , the act of resistance on a metaphysical level has value… ”
Why did Astacio hire their new lawyer ? Look what they wrote about them on Facebook . `` 1 of the few , rarely , overqualified judges . '' @ news10nbc @ 5 pic.twitter.com/KEw7jTGSzq — Berkeley Brean ( @ whec_bbrean ) October 6 , 2017
News10NBC contacted Mr. Salmon at their office today . They said `` I 'm preparing for a court date which is quickly approaching . So I have no comment right now . ''
The hearing is scheduled for Tuesday , October 10 .
Judge Astacio is accused of leaving Monroe County to go to the del Lago Resort and Casino in Seneca County without the permission of their probation officer .
Friday , News10NBC contacted Judge Astacio 's most recent attorney Mark Young . In a text message , Mr. Young first said , `` news to me . ''
But after News10NBC told Mr. Young that the Notice of Appearance had been filed they contacted Judge Astacio and then texted `` guess you 're right . ''
In a later text , Mr. Young wrote , `` We wish them well . ''
News10NBC tried to reach Judge Astacio for comment , but did not hear back from them
Mark Young and their wife Bridget Young were hired by Judge Astacio in June after Astacio fired their first attorney , Ed Fiandach .
Judge Astacio hired Mr. Fiandach after they were arrested for drunk driving in February 2016 . Judge Astacio was convicted of DWI in August 2016 . After that conviction , they were accused multiple times of drinking alcohol which they were prohibited from doing .
Ultimately , Judge Astacio was found guilty of violating the terms of their sentence twice . In June , after the second violation , Judge Stephen Aronson sentenced them to jail for 60 days . On July 13 , the day after Judge Astacio was released from jail , the alcohol-detecting ankle bracelet they are required to wear detected alcohol .
There is a hearing on October 19 to determine if Judge Astacio consumed alcohol back in July .
Judge denies DWI conviction appeal
On the same day Judge Astacio got their new lawyers , a decision came on their appeal to overturn their original DWI conviction .
Judge Astacio argued the evidence against them was insufficient . But , based on the testimony of the state trooper who arrested Judge Astacio , Judge William Kocher ruled that there was enough evidence and therefore , Judge Astacio 's appeal `` is denied . ''
Click here to see the Notice of Appearance .
Neville Game freak
Join Date : Apr 2008 Location : Lerida , Spain Posts : 137
CGA , Hercules , EGA and other older display modes explained
Therefore , if today we deal with old games we may be given several obscure ( for some people , at least ) options to choose from .
CGA - From 1981 . Allows up to 320x200 in resolution with 4 simultaneous colors or 620x200 in B/W . Believe it or not , this was an upgrade from the original MDA text-only mode that 's rarely seen in games .
CGA is often criticised because of its lack of color variety . In the 320x200 modes only two palettes are available : either red , green , yellow and white , or cyan ( pale blue ) , magenta , black and white . The motives behind this were both economical ( the card only needs 16 Kb . RAM to work ) and corporative , because IBM favored their office customers over the gaming community .
Hercules - From 1982 onwards . It can show graphics up to 720x350 , but only in B/W . Developed by an external company , it tried to combine the main virtues of MDA ( its text mode , better than CGA 's ) and CGA ( its highest resolution , two color graphic mode ) for a lower cost . It could use B/W , green and orange monitors and it was likely the best option for them .
With the help of a CGA software emulator , it could also display regular CGA modes , but always without colors .
EGA - From 1984 . 64 Kb . RAM . Up to 640×350 in resolution and 16 simultaneous colors . CGA compatible .
MCGA - From 1987 . Only available in some IBM PS/2 models . Has some 256 color modes available . It 's CGA compatible , but not EGA compatible .
VGA - From 1988 . 256 Kb . RAM . Up to 800x600x256 colors . Is compatible with previous display modes CGA and EGA ( official modes only ) , but not with Hercules . Trying to show Hercules graphics in a VGA card will result in CGA graphics .
The most used graphic mode ( 320x200 and 256 colors ) is common to MCGA , so some games refer to these graphics as MCGA/VGA .
SVGA - From 1989 . Up to 1024x768 and 64k colors . Manufacturers did n't agree on the exact specs , and the VESA standard was later created as a solution . That 's why some programs require a VESA compatible video driver in order to work .
Then there are the IBM PCjr . and Tandy 1000 . These are n't graphic modes , but two PC models using a CGA card with some extra 16 color modes thrown in . Regular PCs ca n't access these modes .
More info on them available at :
Code : https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_PCjr Code : https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tandy_1000
Now let 's see and old game , `` Prince of Persia '' from 1989 , running in different modes :
CGA mode , using a 320x200 resolution and its second palette : cyan , magenta , black and white .
Hercules mode : a higher resolution , which results in sharper graphics , but in B/W only .
This is what we get in a PC with an EGA card or a PCjr . / Tandy computer .
And finally , the same game with VGA and newer cards . PCs started as business machines , and only later were introduced into homes or considered as capable videogame machines . Therefore , it should n't be a surprise that their graphical abilities were much behind other computers of its time , such as the Apple II , the Atari ST or the CBM Amiga . It was later , thanks to different hardware upgrades , that PCs became what we know today.Therefore , if today we deal with old games we may be given several obscure ( for some people , at least ) options to choose from.- From 1981 . Allows up to 320x200 in resolution with 4 simultaneous colors or 620x200 in B/W . Believe it or not , this was an upgrade from the originaltext-only mode that 's rarely seen in games.is often criticised because of its lack of color variety . In the 320x200 modes only two palettes are available : either red , green , yellow and white , or cyan ( pale blue ) , magenta , black and white . The motives behind this were both economical ( the card only needs 16 Kb . RAM to work ) and corporative , because IBM favored their office customers over the gaming community.- From 1982 onwards . It can show graphics up to 720x350 , but only in B/W . Developed by an external company , it tried to combine the main virtues of MDA ( its text mode , better than CGA 's ) and CGA ( its highest resolution , two color graphic mode ) for a lower cost . It could use B/W , green and orange monitors and it was likely the best option for them.With the help of a CGA software emulator , it could also display regular CGA modes , but always without colors.- From 1984 . 64 Kb . RAM . Up to 640×350 in resolution and 16 simultaneous colors . CGA compatible.- From 1987 . Only available in some IBM PS/2 models . Has some 256 color modes available . It 's CGA compatible , but not EGA compatible.- From 1988 . 256 Kb . RAM . Up to 800x600x256 colors . Is compatible with previous display modes CGA and EGA ( official modes only ) , but not with Hercules . Trying to show Hercules graphics in a VGA card will result in CGA graphics.The most used graphic mode ( 320x200 and 256 colors ) is common to , so some games refer to these graphics as- From 1989 . Up to 1024x768 and 64k colors . Manufacturers did n't agree on the exact specs , and the VESA standard was later created as a solution . That 's why some programs require a VESA compatible video driver in order to work.Then there are theand . These are n't graphic modes , but two PC models using a CGA card with some extra 16 color modes thrown in.More info on them available at : A few pre-1990 games can be set up under DOSBox or PCem to run into PCjr . / Tandy modes , such as `` Arcticfox '' , `` Marble Madness '' or `` Ninja '' . This has the advantage of showing 16 colors and 3-channel music and FX.Now let 's see and old game , `` Prince of Persia '' from 1989 , running in different modes : CGA mode , using a 320x200 resolution and its second palette : cyan , magenta , black and white.Hercules mode : a higher resolution , which results in sharper graphics , but in B/W only.This is what we get in a PC with an EGA card or a PCjr . / Tandy computer.And finally , the same game with VGA and newer cards . Last edited by Neville ; 08-12-2018 at 06:51 PM .
User interface
Kinect Integration
Bing Search and Voice Control
What we did n't see
Wrap-up
by Sheena Pradhan – Follow @ SheenaPradhan
Mary Ann Thomas , who is a full-time nurse in New York City embarked on a West to East coast bicycling trip in April . They plan to bike up the coast of California and across the northern border between the U.S. and Canada . Because Mary Ann is South Asian-American ( Malayali ) – I have decided to track their journey for all of our Brown Girl Magazine readers with a series of four articles . This is the part one of the series and the next article will run three months into their journey , and the last article will exhibit their perspective after the trip .
Mary Ann and I met on the cross-country team in high school . Like most friends that go away to different colleges – Mary Ann and I drifted apart during those four years . We reconnected after our senior years of college when we went on an exciting adventure from Princeton , N.J. to Nashville , T.N . by bicycle .
Mary Ann continues to live life to its fullest and take adventurous trips . They have done four long bike trips prior to this one , including the trip mentioned earlier .
They started riding bikes for transportation around their college campus . Since then , their interest in biking has grown from a practical means of traveling to fueling their inspiration for life .
A bike as an empowering vehicle… It can lead you to experiences and to interact with the world in a way that [ cars ] prohibit . A bike requires using my physical and mental abilities to power it , ” Mary Ann said .
Mary Ann began their trip in San Diego , C.A. , then they rode their bike up the West coast to Vancouver , British Columbia and then traced the border of the U.S. and Canada ending their journey at Montreal , Quebec . They plan to see many of the natural wonders while passing through , including the sandy beaches and redwoods of California , Olympus National Park in Washington , glaciers , Big Sky Country in Montana and cool , hip cities like Portland .
Between school and work , their previous trips had timelines and obligations to come home to . This time , Mary Ann took the courageous step to leave their job . They plan to be on the road for the next six months , but they are okay if it takes a bit longer . They said they do not have set plans for when they return and is excited to finally take their time with this trip .
People often ask Mary Ann if they are scared or seem surprised that they could take off six months from work . They said they often hear people say they could never take six months off .
By commenting that one is afraid or can not take time off , Mary said , “ the person is commenting more about their own life and how they live it . ”
Mary Ann does not see these limitations for herself . They were able to save money from their job , so they could leave their friends , family , job and apartment behind to live their life to its fullest .
They say that they have received a lot of support from friends , their partner and people close to them “
My friends are incredible , supportive , and encouraging . Some of them have been helping me plan by inspiring new ideas for the journey . Some are holding on to some of my material possessions while I 'm away . Others are reaching out to their networks around the country . This is becoming a journey that involves more than just me . ”
When I asked Mary what advice they would give to our readers or anyone looking to step outside their comfort zone , they said that bike travel is something that they love and wants to do more . The main obstacle for her—as for most people—was their career .
Do I care about money , a bonus , so much to postpone my dreams for another two years ? For me , the answer was no . ”
Mary Ann said they feel that they have overcome many of the obstacles that South Asian women face in terms of family expectations—work , school , dating , traveling—the list goes on . They and their family have an understanding that Mary Ann is going to live their life the way they want to . They feel that their family genuinely supports them even if they do n't understand them choices .
I can not allow myself to be disappointed with my own life . We have finite years in this life . I do n't want to wonder what my life could have been like if I worked less or traveled more . Biking across the country is something that I want to do . I created ideal circumstances for me to go . I set myself up for an incredible opportunity , and now I 'm going to take it . ”
Follow Mary Ann 's journey across the Americas on their blog .
All photos are provided by Mary Ann .
Sheena Pradhan runs a New York City based nutrition consulting company , called Nutritious Balance and works as an outpatient dietitian . Sheena loves to write about anything from health , nutrition , fitness , recipes , racial issues and feminism . In addition to writing for BG , they keep a nutrition blog for their private practice . For fun , Sheena is a freelance model and competes in pageants and triathlons . They have managed to combine interests in health and wellness with their creativity in their pursuits of running their own business , writing , modeling , pageantry and athletics .
Comments
Mosques throughout the Muslim world have some of the most intricate and exquisite architecture ever created by humankind . There 's too much amazing architecture in them to cover in just one post , so we decided to focus simply on the mosque 's ceilings – something the faithful might see when they look up to the heavens .
These images show just how heavily mathematics and geometry featured into Islamic architecture in the Arab world and elsewhere . The repeating perfect spirals and geometric forms are reminiscent of the intricate mandalas found in Buddhist art as well .
Iran is known for its extraordinary collection of stunning mosques , which we wrote about here , but there are beautiful mosques elsewhere as well . We 'd love to see your photos of amazing mosque ceilings submitted below and invite you to vote for your favorites !
WASHINGTON — The secrecy surrounding the National Security Agency 's post-9/11 warrantless surveillance and bulk data collection program hampered its effectiveness , and many members of the intelligence community later struggled to identify any specific terrorist attacks it thwarted , a newly declassified document shows .
The document is a lengthy report on a once secret N.S.A . program code-named Stellarwind . The report was a joint project in 2009 by inspectors general for five intelligence and law enforcement agencies , and it was withheld from the public at the time , although a short , unclassified version was made public . The government released a redacted version of the full report to The New York Times on Friday evening in response to Freedom of Information Act lawsuit .
Shortly after the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush secretly told the N.S.A . that it could wiretap Americans ' international phone calls and collect bulk data about their phone calls and emails without obeying the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . Over time , Stellarwind 's legal basis evolved , and pieces of it emerged into public view , starting with an article in The Times about warrantless wiretapping in 2005 .
The report amounts to a detailed history of the program . While significant parts remain classified , it includes some new information . For example , it explains how the Bush administration came to tell the chief judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court at the time of the Sept. 11 attacks , Royce C. Lamberth , about the program 's existence in early 2002 .
Cornel West and Ta-Nehisi Coates . Photo illustration by Slate . Photos by Win McNamee/Getty Images , Paul Marotta/Getty Images .
It 's not an overstatement to say that , if you are a young writer who interrogates American race relations and white supremacy , Cornel West is the foundation upon which you stand . Alongside the likes of Kimberlé Crenshaw , Angela Davis , Toni Morrison , and , of course , James Baldwin , West 's work is part of the canon that teaches younger writers how to think and write about race . It is impossible to imagine a writer like Ta-Nehisi Coates having come into existence without a book like West 's Race Matters , which , in the wake of the 1992 Los Angeles uprising , helped popularize the thesis that anti-black racism was inextricably entangled with almost every aspect of American politics and culture—including , most crucially , our capitalist economy .
West 's importance to contemporary black thought is what makes their recent Guardian broadside against Coates so disheartening . Not only is it a case of one of black thought 's elder statesmen attempting a hatchet job on a younger writer , West thoroughly botches the job via disingenuous readings from which a reader is tempted to conclude one of two things : Either they have n't read We Were Eight Years in Power very closely , or they have intentionally misrepresented Coates ' writing in an attempt to bolster their own brand . ( It is probably not a coincidence that West 's Twitter feed is full of plugs for the 25th-anniversary edition of Race Matters . ) Coates addressed West 's attack but deleted it along with their entire Twitter account . The New Yorker 's Jelani Cobb also assailed West on Twitter , accusing them of “ cloak [ ing ] petty rivalry as disinterested analysis. ” It 's hard to say for sure , of course , whether West was motivated more by competitiveness or by ideology . But it 's pretty shocking that they authored a partially baked , inaccurate hot take that all but labels Coates a stooge of white liberalism—an accusation that feels especially reckless coming from a writer of West 's stature .
West 's interpretation repeats some familiar criticisms of Coates ' work , namely the charge that Coates portrays white supremacy as an intractable , omnipotent force that we might never overcome . For critics of Coates , this portrayal betrays an apolitical pessimism that neither takes stock of black resistance to structural racism nor charts a path forward . But West takes this critique a step further , arguing that Coates “ hardly keeps track of our fightback , and never connects this ugly legacy to the predatory capitalist practices , imperial policies ( of war , occupation , detention , assassination ) or the black elite 's refusal to confront poverty , patriarchy or transphobia. ” For West , Coates ' alleged silence around these issues is exactly what has garnered them acceptance among white audiences : They decouples anti-racist thought from an intersectional critique of state power , effectively rendering themselves a “ neoliberal ” mouthpiece of the state .
West 's reading is blinkered in several key ways . Let 's take their argument that Coates ignores black “ fightback. ” While Coates might eschew calls for conventional hope , they do not fail to track the scope and import of black resistance . “ My ancestors , ” they write in Eight Years , “ had not lived in times of hope … They were Celia , enslaved , hanged for murdering their master , but who for a brief moment , stick in hand , lifeless body beneath her , knew freedom … They were Ida B . Wells , who defied the great wave of lynching even when the men whom it victimized would not , even as the country turned away from them … the lessons they passed down were not about an abstract hope , an unknowable dream . They were about the power and necessity of immediate defiance. ” To Coates , these women are heroes because they resisted in moments when resistance 's benefits would not be immediately legible . Here , the absence of hope does not minimize the import of black resistance ; rather , it makes that resistance monumental in scale , turning it into the principled opposition of those who opt for dignity over inhumanity . These moments of resistance are gestures toward a better future that history 's forgotten subjects recognized they 'd never had the privilege of knowing but fought for nevertheless .
Elsewhere in Eight Years , Coates argues that the Civil War 's importance to black history lies in “ the unsettling fact that black people in this country achieved the rudiments of their freedom through the killing of whites. ” They write of their personal discovery that “ Nat Turner did not fight alone … but was part of a resistance that was as old as the banditry that made the West and would be here until the West crumbled to dust. ” What kind of patsy to white liberalism mentions Nat Turner admiringly as a counterweight to white-supremacist exploitation ? These words are n't the expression of an apolitical pessimism that does n't recognize black resistance but an acknowledgement we must resist even though our opposition guarantees us nothing .
And while it is true that Eight Years does n't engage with questions of U.S. imperialism , transphobia , sexism , and predatory capitalism in an exhaustive fashion , it feels like West is being disingenuous when they claim that Coates has failed to frame racism as part of a matrix of oppressions . The book 's epilogue gestures toward a global context in which “ Americans are all white ” as a result of the benefits we reap from the spoils of American imperialism and its history of “ torture , bombings , and coups d'état carried out in our name. ” In the same epilogue , Coates writes that they see “ the fight against sexism , racism , poverty , and even war ” as related endeavors in the struggle for a more just world . There is something mildly defensive in this epilogue , as if Coates feels the need to guard themselves against critics who see their focus on race as myopic . But if we think of Eight Years as an intellectual autobiography that shows Coates ' mind in motion , this epilogue promises that their next iteration might indeed find the writer addressing the intersection of race , class , and gender more substantially .
Rather than engaging Coates in good faith in order to encourage this next iteration , West wrote a piece in which they come off a bit like a vengeful father attempting to strangle a child before it has the chance to grow . The misreadings I 've pointed out above are common among Coates ' critics , but West 's piece stands out for its viciousness and rhetorical sloppiness . At one point , they claim that “ Coates ' allegiance to Obama has produced an impoverished understanding of black history , ” and goes on to cite a passage that , out of context , seems to situate Obama as the heir to Malcolm X 's radical black politics . Anybody who 's read the book knows that the quote West cites arrives in an essay titled “ The Legacy of Malcolm X , ” which probes the ways in which Malcolm X 's politics were intertwined with a moral conservatism and the myth of self-making . It is in the context of Malcolm X 's image as a self-fashioned and morally pristine patriarch that Coates compares the Muslim preacher to Obama—another black man who chronicled their own self-fashioning and is given to a flawed moral conservatism that Coates repeatedly critiques as insufficient .
Such moments of insincerity are what make West 's piece so disturbing . They suggest that West came to extinguish another , younger writer 's light rather than meaningfully engage them as an interlocutor . This attempt is n't befitting of an elder statesman who , even as they critique and challenges , should in theory want to nourish other writers who share their desire to write America closer to true democracy . For those of us who , like Coates , find solace in being part of a community and lineage of black writers , West 's critique breaks the promise of that community .
Read all the pieces in the Slate Book Review .
( October 11 , 2014 ) – Sporting Kansas City defender Matt Besler and midfielder Graham Zusi were added to the United States Men 's National Team roster today ahead of Tuesday 's international friendly against Honduras , U.S. Soccer announced . Both players will join the U.S. MNT for the first time since playing all four matches for the United States at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil this summer .
After a 1-1 draw against Ecuador on Friday , the U.S. now hosts Honduras on Tuesdayat FAU Stadium in Boca Raton , Florida . Kickoff is at 7 p.m. CT on ESPN , WatchESPN , UniMas and ESPN Deportes Radio .
“ Honduras has proved that they are one of the top teams in CONCACAF , ” said U.S. head coach Jurgen Klinsmann . “ As we begin our preparation for the Gold Cup , this is a great opportunity for our players to see the type of opponent they will face next summer . ”
Honduras — whose roster features Sporting KC midfielder Jorge Claros — competed in the last two FIFA World Cups , the first time in team history where the country has reached the tournament in consecutive cycles . The United States holds a 14-4-3 lifetime record against the Catrachos , including an 11-2-2 record on home soil . The teams last met in the semifinal of the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup , where the USA collected a 3-1 win on the way to capturing the tournament title .
No players in the men 's national team pool have more appearances for the United States in 2014 than Besler and Zusi , who have each earned nine caps this year . The duo helped To sport KC secure the team 's fourth consecutive postseason berth with a 2-0 win over Chicago on Friday and will re-join their club teammates in time to be available for Saturday 's match at Philadelphia .
An Overland Park , Kansas native , Besler has anchored a Sporting KC defense that has allowed the fewest shots in Major League Soccer this year . They were named captain of the reigning MLS Cup champions prior to the 2014 season and signed a Designated Player contract in July . Besler has made 159 MLS appearances ( including postseason ) with two goals and seven assists since being drafted by Kansas City in the first round of the 2009 MLS SuperDraft out of Notre Dame .
The 27-year-old centerback debuted for the U.S. in January 2013 and has 21 career international appearances . Besler has twice collected MLS Best XI ( 2012 , 2013 ) honors and is a three-time MLS All-Star ( 2011 , 2013 , 2014 ) . They were awarded MLS Defender of the Year in 2012 before being named a finalist again in 2013 and was honored as Sporting Kansas City 's Defensive Player of the Year each of the past three seasons .
“ As always , I am very excited to represent my country . It 's always an honor when you get an opportunity , ” Besler said . “ I 'm looking forward to playing with the guys again and also meeting some of the new guys who have been called in . I 'm also looking forward to playing against Honduras . They are becoming a rival of ours and it 's always a good test . ”
Zusi , an MLS All-Star for the third straight year , is leading Sporting Kansas City in assists for a fourth consecutive season with eight in 2014 . They are the only player in Major League Soccer with five or more goals and seven or more assists in each of the last four seasons . Now in their sixth professional season , their 39 career assists rank third most in club history and their 22 goals are 10th on the team 's all-time scoring chart .
Taken in the second round of the 2009 MLS SuperDraft as a two-time national champion at the University of Maryland , Zusi was named to the MLS Best XI each of the last two years and was an MLS MVP finalist in 2012 after leading the League with a career-high 15 assists . They have been voted Sporting Kansas City 's Most Valuable Player each of the last two years and signed a Designated Player contract with the club in July .
The 28-year-old has earned 27 career international appearances with three goals and six assists in a U.S. Men 's National Team jersey . Zusi contributed assists in back-to-back group stage games against Ghana and Portugal at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil .
“ This will be the United States final home game of the year and I 'm thrilled that I have the chance to be a part of it . Being back in our nation 's colors is an incredible honor for me personally. ” Zusi said . “ There are locker room bragging rights to be won against Jorge ( Claros ) and Honduras . ”
The U.S. Men 's National Team is 6-3-3 in 2014 and ranked No . 17 in the latest FIFA rankings . Tuesday 's friendly is the penultimate match of the calendar year with the 2014 finale to be played at Ireland on Nov. 18 .
Thank you for reading . Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @ LastWordOnSport and @ LWOSworld – and “ liking ” our Facebook page .
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio ? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC , laptop , tablet or smartphone . What are you waiting for ?
Feel free to discuss this and other footy related articles with thousands at r/football .
Thank you to Joseph and Julie Rosendo . Shad shnorakal enk . To think I saw the film The Promise and the Rosendo 's Tracelscope Part I and II within a week has sent me into shish kebab heaven .
Imagine my excitement while surfing late night TV channels and discovering on Detroit Public Television that the Rosendos have traveled to Armenia . Yes , Armenia—the often neglected country not visited by travel filmmakers and “ fair and balanced ” news shows .
Armenia , the thousands-of-years-old country of our ancestors , which in 1991 became an independent republic for the second time , finally ridding itself of the Soviet yoke .
One can not get effusive enough in appreciation but accolades to Joseph and Julie Rosendothe husband and wife team—and their filming entourage for their production on Armenia . Let 's hope this exposure will generate more tourism for that struggling country 's economy .
I was sitting in my gisheranots ( nightgown ) watching Joseph Rosendo bravely sipping that potent Armenian spirit called oghi and doing the circle dance in Yerevan on a sunny day . Mr. Rosendo in particular looked like a pro , moving their body and head to the rhythmic infectious beat of Armenian village music played by a group of men .
While Joseph produces , writes , and narrates the show , wife Julie assists as co-producer , photographer , and in public relations . They have an able staff who make it all come to fruition .
Mrs. Rosendo responded to my phone message about my elated happiness about their Armenian film presentation saying , “ We truly loved Armenia , wish we could back . I 'm saving your message for Joseph to hear . ”
With future broadcast repeat information in hand , I quickly spread the news , including to the Manoogian Day School , for them to see that Armenia is finally getting recognition .
I remember when I was a youth I would eagerly scan the credits of a film or TV show for an –ian name only to be disappointed .
I watched the 10:30 p.m. and 4:30 a.m. rebroadcasts to breathe it all in and to take notes . The photography was beautiful ; the narration by Joseph was well researched and presented . They and their crew provide excellent travelogues on all their presentations such as Rwanda ( including information about the country 's wildlife and the 1994 genocide ) , South Africa , and Australia , etc .
The focus always includes a country 's history , customs , archeological sites , and interaction with locals , especially in their marketplaces and bazaars , with additional focus on artisanal crafts and special celebrations .
Many important Armenian sites were featured , including the beautiful , majestic Mount Ararat , which will always be identified with Armenia regardless of its so-called present boundary with Turkey .
Archeological sites and digs were visited in Erebuni . Rosendo walked through the remains of the royal palace from 780 B.C .
Yerevan changed hands many times with the invasion of the Mongols , Persians , Byzantines , but their sacrifice made the Armenians resilient .
Without an ounce of fear , Rosendo said it loud and clear : “ The Ottoman Turks committed a genocide against the Armenians 1915-1922 , killing more than 1,500,000 Christian Armenians . In 1923 it meant you were dead or in exile . They began to continue the killing of Armenians they began in the 1890s. ” I stiffened with admiration for Rosendo for that most important historic fact they declared bravely for all to hear .
They made a solemn visit to the eternal flame memorial to the Armenian martyrs . How beautiful it was to hear the Armenian woman singing “ Ter Voghormya ” just as it is sung every Sunday in the Badarak ( Armenian Holy Mass ) .
They described Armenia as a country of rocks : “ One-half of Armenia is mountains. ” They visited Aragats . The Armenian art form of Khachkars ( cross stones ) in a cemetery became the focus , it was to assure entry into Heaven . The carved wheel on a Khachkar was a symbol of eternity .
They showed Lake Sevan and the St. Asdvadazin 11th century Armenian Apostolic Church , stating Armenia had hundreds of churches and monasteries , many in very remote locations . They also visited Medzamor .
The centuries -old Haghpat monastery was shown with a baptism taking place proving religious worship has returned to the nation that in 301 A.D. became the first nation to accept Christianity .
The camera showed the amazing beauty of Armenia—its mountains , distant churches , villages , and its people located on the old silk road .
Viewers were told that evidence of civilization existed in Armenia as early as the Stone and Bronze ages . The now famous old leather shoe was shown from thousands of years ago .
“ Voila ! ” Exclaimed Rosendo as Armenian women rolled out traditional lavash ( bread ) , slapping it against the hot tonir ( oven ) to bake within seconds .
They toured a bustling Yerevan marketplace of goods and culture showing a booth full of pomegranate shaped items . They had a cultural connection , Armenia is a pomegranate state , reflecting marriage and fertility . Displayed too were obsidian volcanic glass beads and necklaces . They said , “ Markets are to meet people . ”
Rosendo visited a private home in a village where oriental rugs are still made on a wooden loom , not like the present day machine made rugs . The 4×6 rug that was being woven would wholesale for $ 1,000 . “ Armenian rug designs live on as a craft long identified with Armenian culture , ” they said .
The travelogue included the thorough cleaning and washing of a sacrificed lamb , but thankfully not the actual slaying of the animal . The meat was for madagh shared by everyone . All parts of the lamb is used , even hats are made from it . When Rosendo asked about the custom , they were told , “ We believe in sanctity . ”
a traditional Armenian scene ? A table full of Armenian men and joseph eating , laughing , drinking oghi , known as Armenian vodka .
They said , “ Present day Yerevan belies its turbulent history . The Rosendos gave us a two-part glimpse of our homeland .
As a result of the genocide , those exiles are found all around the world… But all our eyes remain turned toward Ararat and Armenia .
I wish to thank the Rosendos and their crew for visiting Armenia and putting them on public television . Also shown was a fountain that if you threw a coin into it , meant you would return to Armenia . How proud you made the Armenians— “ this small nation that no one can destroy . ”
Part I and II of the show 's DVDs are available at $ 19.95 each or $ 45.85 for both ( includes shipping and handling ) . The episodes can also be streamed on Amazon .
Mail to : Travelscope , P.O . box 519 , Topanga , Calif. 90290
phone : 888- 876-3399
News : social rights activist and Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu has used their closing message at the International World Union of Architects Congress to call for the suspension of the Israeli architects association .
In a message delivered at the 25th meeting of the International Union of Architects ( UIA ) today in South Africa , Tutu said they believed a suspension of the Israeli Association of United Architects ( IAUA ) would be an `` appropriate '' message of support for justice in both Israel and Palestine .
`` As you have gathered in Durban this week , the world news has been dominated by the carnage in Gaza , '' said Tutu . `` I have condemned those Palestinians responsible for firing rockets at Israel , for violence is not the solution to human crises . The disproportionality of Israel 's response , however , has been utterly horrendous . ''
`` I believe it would be appropriate for the UIA to send a clear message of support for justice in Palestine and Israel by suspending the Israeli Architect 's Association from the world body , '' said Tutu .
Related story Libeskind and Meier attack UK architects over Israel boycott
Tutu said that architects , as part of `` civil society '' , had to step into a void created by politicians and diplomats , in order to persuade Israel to find a peaceful solution that is acceptable to both Israelis and Palestinians .
They also called on Israeli architects to `` actively disassociate '' themselves from the design and construction of `` infrastructure related to perpetuating injustice , including the separation wall , the security terminals and checkpoints , and the settlements built on occupied Palestinian land . ''
Tutu , who received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 for their work in Africa during apartheid , was named patron of the 25th triennial meeting of the international architecture body earlier this year .
Their comments come in the wake of a row triggered by the Royal Institute of British Architects ( RIBA ) over whether to consider the suspension of its Israeli equivalent from architecture 's international governing body .
The debate began in March , before the latest round of hostilities in Gaza , when the RIBA 's council voted to request the suspension of the IAUI from the UIA , on the grounds that members were complicit in construction of controversial settlements on `` illegally-occupied land '' .
A number of leading architects – including Daniel Libeskind and Richard Meier – expressed outrage over the vote .
IAUA president Baruch Baruch told The Jerusalem Post that the RIBA was being hypocritical in focusing on Israel while many of its own members worked in countries with no rights for women .
British architecture website Bdonline reported that the vote had cost the RIBA over £100,000 in lost income from venue bookings and donations .
According to UIA president Albert Dubler , the RIBA also missed the deadline for formal motion submissions for the UIA congress , meaning the motion was not on the agenda for the meeting .
Other speakers at the congress , which is held every three years in different locations , included Architecture for Humanity founder Cameron Sinclair and the Pritzker Prize-winning Chinese architect Wang Shu .
Read Demond Tutu 's full closing message to the XXV International Union of Architects World Congress in Durban :
It has been my honour to serve as patron of the 25th World Congress of the International Union of Architects .
As you have gathered in Durban this week , the world news has been dominated by the carnage in Gaza . I have condemned those Palestinians responsible for firing rockets at Israel , for violence is not the solution to human crises . The disproportionality of Israel 's response , however , has been utterly horrendous . Hundreds of Palestinian civilians , including women and children , among the more than 1800 dead , and much of Gaza 's infrastructure – it 's roads , public facilities and buildings – laid to waste . All in the name of preserving a fundamentally divisive and undignified status quo founded on the illegal occupation of Palestinian land .
Those who are opposed to violence have , over the years , developed an arsenal of peaceful tools aimed at isolating and negatively impacting on the economies of rogue states . As members of civil society , with the help of our friends abroad , we deployed these tools - boycotts , divestment and sanctions – to great effect against the apartheid state in South Africa .
The world 's political and diplomatic leaders have floundered for decades in their efforts to develop a workable recipe for the people of Palestine and Israel to live in peace . It is time for civil society to step into the void , to persuade the people and leaders of Israel that it is in humanity 's best interests to enter into dialogue aimed at negotiating a peaceful and sustainable solution for the crisis in the Holy Land – a solution that is acceptable to both Palestinians and Israelis .
I believe it would be appropriate for the UIA to send a clear message of support for justice in Palestine and Israel by suspending the Israeli Architect 's Association from the world body .
I appeal to Israeli sisters and brothers present at the conference to actively disassociate themselves and their profession from the design and construction of any further infrastructure related to perpetuating injustice , including the separation wall , the security terminals and checkpoints , and the settlements built on occupied Palestinian land .
I implore you to take this message home : Please turn the tide against violence and hatred by joining the non-violent movement for justice for all people of the region .
God bless you .
Exodus Wallet Now Has Built-in ShapeShift Trading
Exodus , the multi-asset wallet with a strong design and usability emphasis , now includes ShapeShift built-in . This allows users to trade between blockchain assets without leaving the wallet app .
Also read : Bruce Fenton Writes a Letter Against OneCoin , Industry Leaders Back Him
In-App Trading
ShapeShift.io announced the move on October 5 , saying it had worked with Exodus since late 2015 to integrate its API .
Exodus users can maintain balances in Bitcoin , Ether , Litecoin , Dash , and Dogecoin . The developers say they are working to include more assets in the future .
ShapeShift currently supports trading between 38 crypto tokens and currencies . Moreover , it does not require user accounts , registration or any kind of identification — a feature many find attractive .
Daniel Castagnoli , Exodus chief creative officer , said :
“ Erik and their team understand the overall customer experience , design , marketing and support . The ShapeShift integration inside Exodus is just the beginning of what we can now do together . ”
Exodus ' Design Focus
Looking at Exodus ' website and instructional material , it 's clear the company is focusing its efforts on design and usability .
The company says its setup process is simpler than any other Bitcoin or crypto wallet — reportedly ready to use as soon as the app starts . A pie-chart-like diagram at the center shows a user 's entire portfolio , and each token 's proportional value .
However , users must have a balance of some kind to backup their keys . Private keys are stored locally on each user 's device , but balances are generally recoverable even if a device is lost .
Users can recover balances via Exodus ' automated backup email system , or by recording their recovery phrase ( like other HD wallets ) . Exodus also requires password protection , and it 's imperative users remember them .
ShapeShift CEO and founder Erik Voorhees , who incidentally was Exodus ' first investor , praised the app 's design .
“ Exodus has to be the most beautiful cryptocurrency wallet ever made , ” they said . “ It 's one of those products you try once and instantly see the magic . ”
Founders Castagnoli and J.P. Richardson first started developing Exodus in mid-2015 . The two are huge cryptocurrency proponents , saying they hold over 90 percent of their personal wealth in crypto assets of some kind , and also pay all contractors in the same .
Wallets Becoming More Sophisticated
Exodus is in several ways similar to Jaxx , another multi-asset HD wallet . Jaxx also features ShapeShift integration , and also has iOS and Android apps . For now , Exodus is available only on Windows , macOS and Linux desktops .
ShapeShift launched in 2013 , and revealed Voorhees as its owner in early 2015 . In April 2016 , it suffered a $ 230,000 theft Voorhees claimed was an inside job . However , the company returned immediately and remains in business , with no customers losing money .
Blockchain fans can expect more competition in this space as time goes on , as software developers chase more mainstream , non-technical enthusiasts — who also like more versatile features . The clunky , bare-bones bitcoin wallets of the past are a distant memory as users embrace multi-asset , decentralized utilities .
Are you an Exodus user ? Will you become one , with this feature added ? Let us know in the comments below .
Images via Shutterstock , Exodus , LinkedIn
Whether you 're a beginner or a long-time bitcoin player , there 's always something interesting going on in the Bitcoin.com Forums . We are proud free speech advocates , and no matter what your opinion on bitcoin we guarantee it 'll be seen and heard here . We do n't censor .
The day is finally here…for some anyway . The final Bundang Line Extension from Mangpo ( 망포 ) to Suwon ( 수원 ) will finally open today ( Saturday 30 November ) . Over the past three years the southern end of the line has been extended in stages with Jukjeon – Giheung ( 5.1km ) and Giheung – Mangpo ( 7.4km ) being completed in the Decembers of 2011 and 2012 respectively . Of course the northern extension from Seolleung to Wangshimni was also opened in 2012 .
The extension is 5.2km long and has three new stations – Maetangwonseon ( 매탄권선 ) , Suwon ( 수원시청 ) and Maegyo ( 매교 ) before arriving at Suwon Station ( 수원역 ) where it meets Line 1 . “ Express ” services will also operate from Suwon to Jukjeon station – stopping only at Suwon , Suwon City Hall , Mangpo , Giheung and Jukjeon . Following Jukjeon , all services ( including express ones ) will stop at all stops since extra tracks were not built for express trains during the original construction of the line . This means that while normal services from Suwon to Wangshimni take 85 minutes , express services will still take 76 minutes . Here is an image of the express train times leaving from Wangshimni and Suwon stations ( only Korean sorry ) .
Once the Suin Line to the west of Suwon is completed passengers will be able to travel from Wangshimni to Incheon as the Bundang and Suin lines will connect directly to one another . This is the reason why both lines are the same colour . It 's still uncertain what the combined line will eventually be called . There is also speculation that there may be some controversy over the name of the line with some news outlets reporting that Seongnam citizens are likely to want to keep the Bundang name .
Photos from the new extension can be viewed here .
Info This is archived material from the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) website . It may contain outdated information and links may no longer function . Twitter
Facebook
Share
FBI Releases 2010 Hate Crime Statistics
Washington , D.C. Today , the Federal Bureau of Investigation released Hate Crime Statistics , 2010 based on information submitted by law enforcement agencies throughout the nation . These data indicate that 6,628 criminal incidents involving 7,699 offenses were reported in 2010 as a result of bias toward a particular race , religion , sexual orientation , ethnicity/national origin , or physical or mental disability . Hate Crime Statistics , 2010 includes the following information : Of the 6,624 single bias incidents , 47.3 percent were motivated by a racial bias , 20.0 percent were motivated by a religious bias , 19.3 percent were motivated by a sexual orientation bias , and 12.8 percent were motivated by an ethnicity/national origin bias . Bias against a disability accounted for 0.6 percent of single-bias incidents .
There were 4,824 hate crime offenses classified as crimes against persons . Intimidation accounted for 46.2 percent of these crimes , simple assaults for 34.8 percent , and aggravated assaults for 18.4 percent . In addition , seven murders were reported as hate crimes .
There were 2,861 hate crime offenses classified as crimes against property ; most of these ( 81.1 percent ) were acts of destruction/damage/vandalism . The remaining 18.9 percent of crimes against property consisted of robbery , burglary , larceny theft , motor vehicle theft , arson , and other offenses .
Of the 6,008 known offenders , 58.6 percent were white and 18.4 percent were black . For 12.0 percent , the race was unknown , and the remaining known offenders were of other races .
The largest percentage ( 31.4 percent ) of hate crime incidents occurred in or near homes . Another 17.0 percent took place on highways , roads , alleys , or streets ; 10.9 percent happened at schools or colleges ; 5.8 percent in parking lots or garages ; and 3.7 percent in churches , synagogues , or temples . The location was considered other or unknown for 14.3 percent of hate crime incidents . The remaining 16.9 percent of hate crime incidents took place at other specified locations or multiple locations . Hate Crime Statistics , 2010 is available exclusively on the FBI 's website at www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/ucr . Twitter
Facebook
Share
Talks of Disney wanting to buy Fox died down a while back , but it seems like after those news broke weeks ago they are once again moving to acquire a large part of Fox .
See that up there , that 's the Avengers vs. X-Men , and if this deal happens that storyline could become something we see on the big screen someday . Ever since the birth of the MCU , fans have wanted to the X-Men join the rest of the Marvel superheros . That has n't been possible due to 20th Century Fox owning the film rights for the mutants , a new rumor however may indicate that this is actually possible .
The latest rumor comes from Deadline ‘ s Mike Fleming , who reports that he 's been hearing that Disney is working very hard to acquire TV and film parts from Fox . Fleming themselves points out what he 's been hearing is only a rumor , but it 's one that 's making rounds in Hollywood right now . The basics are that this deal would give Disney the TV and the film studio from Fox , but they would still keep the sports and news properties .
They also mention that not a peep has been said from either Disney nor Fox , and that we wo n't know for sure about anything until it 's officially announced . A deal like this would see a lot of characters return to their home at Disney , which is pretty exciting but there 's a caveat to all of this . Another major studio being bought by Disney is kind of troubling for the industry , with Mickey having an even larger amount of money being made .
What do you guys think , Do you want to see Disney buy parts of Fox or simply let it be ?
Be sure to tweet at SuperBroMovies with your thoughts . – Marcos Melendez
Source : Deadline
Advertisements
Chances are , hardly a week goes by that you do n't visit Wikipedia for something , whether it 's to settle an argument or look up a reference . But in its desire to be all things to all people , the site has had to become more defensive to prevent itself from being hijacked by either vandals who destroy entries or sanitizers who remove unflattering things . The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy ( SEP ) —which actually predates Wikipedia but has n't gotten nearly the attention—offers a model for how Wikipedia could run in the future . Call it Wikipedia 2.0 .
“ [ Wikipedia ] is not operated by a sophisticated corporation but by a leaderless collection of volunteers who generally work under pseudonyms and habitually bicker with each other , ” writes Tom Simonite in MIT Technology Review . This crowdsourced structure is what allows Wikipedia to respond quickly to new information , but also makes it difficult for the site to be comprehensive , because contributors only write entries about things they 're interested in . And because anyone can make or edit an entry , it can be difficult to know their biases .
“ Wikipedia is where one goes to quickly determine the capital of Senegal , or to recall who produced the 1971 album Gim me Dat Ding , ” writes Liam Julian in Humanities . “ A reference to Wikipedia in a student paper or scholarly work ( outside of maybe popular culture and technology subjects ) risks the appearance of laziness . ”
Consequently , Wikipedia has made the barriers for writing and editing entries more rigorous , with the result that the number of volunteer editors has dropped by a third , Simonite writes .
In contrast , the SEP , formed in 1995 , has a paid staff , as well as academic volunteer editors who assign the writing of new entries and the editing of existing ones to other volunteers . “ Its creators have solved one of the internet 's fundamental problems : How to provide authoritative , rigorously accurate knowledge , at no cost to readers , ” writes Nikhil Sonnad in Quartz . “ It 's something the encyclopedia , or SEP , has managed to do for two decades . ”
It works like this . “ To achieve authority , several dozen subject editors—responsible for broad areas like “ ancient philosophy ” or “ formal epistemology ” —identify topics in need of coverage , and invite qualified philosophers to write entries on them , ” Sonnad writes . “ If the invitation is accepted , the author sends an outline to the relevant subject editors. ” Editors work with the author on the outline , and can reject submissions , though in practice that rarely happens , they write . Essentially , it 's a free , online version of a refereed academic journal .
The result is that the SEP tends to be much more authoritative and diverse than Wikipedia , Sonnad writes . In addition , entries are typically updated every four years ( though some are updated as often as once a year ) . Operating costs are funded by Stanford , while the editors and authors work for free . The remaining costs are funded largely through donations by academic libraries .
On the other hand , the SEP , by its very nature , covers only philosophical topics—though , to be fair , its definition of what it considers “ philosophy ” is pretty broad , covering even concepts such as “ holes ” and the ethics of social networking , from a philosophical basis . Moreover , far more people than just philosophers use it—or , perhaps , philosophers are found in a remarkable number of fields .
“ Entries are regularly cited in law briefs and court cases both in the United States and in Europe , ” writes Michaela Hulstyn in Stanford News . “ The site was also read and referenced in military contexts more than 15,000 times between September 2013 and September 2014. ” It even gets cited in arguments about Game of Thrones and discussions about ballet .
“ It now contains nearly 1,500 entries , and changes are made daily , ” Sonnad writes . “ The site gets over a million page views per month—a respectable number , given how many entries there are with titles like Tibetan epistemology and philosophy of language or Peirce 's theory of Signs . ”
“ It took one of the first stabs at creating a truthful , rigorous reference resource that could thrive on the web , ” writes Robinson Meyer in The Atlantic . “ Experts write and edit and update its articles . College professors use it in their syllabi throughout the world . So when it publishes a new article , it 's a signal : This thing is an increasingly big deal in the philosophical world . ”
Consequently , some people suggest that Wikipedia could use more of an SEP approach , at least for more academic topics that do n't change often . While the SEP is about philosophy , there 's nothing saying the same model—editors who assign articles to experts in their particular fields—could n't be applied to other fields .
That said , attempts to expand it to other fields have n't worked very well . “ Covering a relatively limited , esoteric subject in an online , editorially controlled encyclopedia based at a prestigious and well-funded university is one thing ; attempting to cover all subjects in the same way is quite another , ” Julian writes .
But Sonnad thinks there 's a role for an SEP-like model in other academic fields . “ Even fast-moving , young disciplines like computer science or economics have core concepts that deserve comprehensive and authoritative explanation , ” they write . “ StackOverflow is great at providing answers to highly specific programming questions , like how to round a number to two decimal points in Python , but fails to explain abstract or technical things like the theory of algorithms or the fundamentals of cryptography . In economics , there are dozens of excellent blogs , but where do you go to get an in-depth , impartial , picture of the marginal theory of value or comparative advantage ? ”
Admittedly , such an approach might not help with Wikipedia 's bread and butter , such as its entries on popular culture and quickly changing events . “ Wikipedia is still necessary for its uncanny ability to provide basic ( if often flawed ) introductions to nearly everything , ” Sonnad writes . “ And StackOverflow probably offers the best chance at bringing some order to the ever-changing world of computer programming , where new languages and frameworks rise and fall with the sun . ”
Certainly , even academics can have their own biases , though the SEP has been praised for its comprehensive nature . But for the legions of people who count on Wikipedia for information on more basic information , adopting the SEP 's methodology could help Wikipedia continue to be an authoritative voice , while it could still use the traditional free-for-all method for more ephemeral entries .
“ The SEP is likely too rigorous to be the standard against which all information online is compared , ” Sonnad writes . “ But it shows we can create many more places that explain clearly the things humans know to be true . ”
Thankfully yes ! An aftermarket company going by the name of All Car Products sells angel eyes headlights made to the measure of the pre-facelift Mazda CX-5.Fun fact about the CX-5 : it 's the best-selling Mazda of recent years , with production surpassing one million units in April . The facelift is already out there and will be tested by autoevolution soon enough , but what if you want fresh looks without spending buying the facelift ? These angel eyes-style headlights may be what you want to spruce things up , giving new life to your pre-facelift Mazda CX-5 . With pricing starting at 199,800 Japanese yen a pair , these babies cost approximately $ 1,610 or €1,430 at current exchange rates without accounting for shipping taxes to the EU or US.As standard , All Car Products offers the buyer with the choice of opting for CCFL ( cold cathode fluorescent light ) or LED rings . As an option , the company offers LES ( light emitting surface ) rings , which are featured in the adjacent photo gallery and video . They look neat without copying the LED DRLs of the facelifted CX-5.The only other optional feature buyers may be interested in is represented by “ contact lenses for the pupil. ” That 's Japanese for a high-intensity discharge lamp that glows red , green or blue , if this floats your boat .
beheaded two security personnel +
Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir +
JAMMU : The Indian Army patrol team was taken by surprise by a group of Pakistani special forces who had set up an ambush more than 250 metres deep inside the Indian territory early this morning andPakistan 's Border Action Team ( BAT ) set up the ambush and waited for the patrol team while the Pakistani troops attacked two forward posts with rockets and mortar bombs along the Line of Control ( LoC ) in '' It was a pre-planed operation by the Pakistan army . They had pushed in the Border Action Team over 250 metres deep inside Indian territory and set up the ambush for a long period to carry out the attack , '' a senior officer said . `` Their target was a patrol party of 7-8 members , which had come out of a post , '' the officer said , adding that as the posts were engaged , the patrol team members ran for cover . In the process , two members were left behind and targeted by the BAT.Head constable Prem Sagar of 200th Battalion of the BSF and Naib Subedar Paramjeet Singh of 22 Sikh Regiment of the army were killed and their bodies mutilated.The BAT is specifically employed for trans-LoC action.In Pakistan , the SSG ( special services group ) forms the core of BAT . Its primary task is to dominate the LoC by carrying out disruptive actions in the form of surreptitious raids.There have been several BAT attacks in the past in which jawans have been beheaded or their bodies mutilated.On October 28 , 2016 , militants attacked a post and killed an Indian Army soldier and mutilated their body close to the Line of Control ( LoC ) in the Machil sector.In January 2013 , Lance Naik Hemraj was killed and their body mutilated by a BAT . It also beheaded Lance Naik Sudhakar Singh . Constable Rajinder Singh of the BSF battalion suffered injuries in the attack.In June 2008 , a soldier of the 2/8 Gorkha Rifles lost their way and was captured by a Pakistani Border Action Team ( BAT ) in Kel sector . Their body was found beheaded after a few days.During the 1999 Kargil conflict , Captain Saurabh Kalia was tortured by their Pakistani captors who later handed over their mutilated body to India.In February , 2000 , terrorist Ilyas Kashmiri had led a raid on the Indian Army 's 'Ashok Listening Post ' in the Nowshera sector to kill seven Indian soldiers.Even then , Kashmiri had taken back to Pakistan the head of a 24-year-old Indian jawan , Bhausaheb Maruti Talekar of the 17 Maratha Light Infantry .
Or : 3DO Acorn Archimedes Action Max Amazon Alexa Amazon Fire TV Amiga Amiga CD32 Amstrad CPC Android Apple II Apple IIgs Aquarius Arcade Arcadia 2001 Atari 2600 Atari 5200 Atari 7800 Atari 8-bit Atari Lynx Atari ST Bally Astrocade Bandai Playdia BBC Micro Browser Casio Loopy Casio PV-1000 CD-i Channel F ColecoVision Commodore 128 Commodore 16 Commodore 64 Commodore PET/CBM Dragon 32/64 Dreamcast DSiWare Epoch Cassette Vision Famicom Disk System FM Towns FM-7 Gamate Game Boy Advance Game Boy Color Game Gear Game Master Game Wave Game.Com GameCube GamePark 32 Genesis Gizmondo HyperScan Intellivision iPad iPhone iPod Jaguar Leapfrog Didj Leapster Linux Mac Mega Duck Memorex MD 2500 VIS Microvision MSX N-Gage NEC PC-6001 NEC PC-8801 NEC PC-9801 Neo Geo CD Neo Geo Pocket Neo Geo Pocket Color New Nintendo 3DS Nintendo 3DS Nintendo 3DS eShop Nintendo 64 Nintendo 64DD Nintendo DS Nintendo Entertainment System Nintendo Switch NUON Odyssey Odyssey 2 Ouya PC PC-FX Pinball Pioneer LaserActive Pippin PLATO PlayStation PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PlayStation 4 PlayStation Network ( PS3 ) PlayStation Network ( PSP ) PlayStation Network ( Vita ) PlayStation Portable PlayStation Vita Pokémon mini R-Zone RCA Studio II Satellaview Saturn Sega 32X Sega CD Sega Master System Sega Pico Sega SG-1000 Sharp MZ Sharp X1 Sharp X68000 Sony SMC-777 Super A'Can Super Cassette Vision Super Nintendo Entertainment System SuperGrafx TI-99/4A Tomy Tutor TRS-80 TRS-80 CoCo TurboGrafx-16 TurboGrafx-CD V.Smile Vectrex VIC-20 View-Master Interactive Vision Virtual Boy VTech Socrates Watara Supervision Wii Wii Shop Wii U Windows Phone WonderSwan WonderSwan Color XaviXPORT Xbox Xbox 360 Xbox 360 Games Store Xbox One Zeebo Zodiac ZX Spectrum
The PlayStation 4 will support free party chat and allow players to add up to 2,000 players to their friends lists , according to a recent video from PlayStation Access .
The party chat feature will also be accessible without a PlayStation Plus account . Players ' current PlayStation account and avatar will also carry over from PS3 to PS4 .
Additionally , while the PS4 wo n't place heavy focus on 3D gaming , it is something the company is looking into . According to the video , Sony will have more details to share on the PS4 's 3D capabilities in the near future .
The video also restates previous reports that players will need a PlayStation Plus subscription to play online and that the console will not support the DualShock 3 controller , but will support the PlayStation Move .
Polygon has reached out to Sony to verify this information , and will share more details as we have them .
The microbes living in people 's guts are much less diverse than those in humans ' closest relatives , the African apes . What does that mean ? No one knows , but the microbiome is all the latest rage in marketing , with probiotics advertised on television and a segment of the research community rushing to create studies to capitalize on that .
The researchers analyzed the genetic makeup of bacteria in fecal samples from humans , chimpanzees , bonobos and gorillas to draw their conclusions . Based on their analysis of humans and the three lineages of ape , the researchers determined that within the lineage that gave rise to modern humans , microbial diversity changed slowly and steadily for millions of years , but that rate of change has accelerated lately in humans - at least from some parts of the world .
People in non-industrialized societies have gut microbiomes that are 60 percent different from those of chimpanzees , while people in the U.S. have gut microbiomes that are 70 percent different from those of chimps .
The authors speculate that such a rapid change might translate into negative health effects for Americans . Previous research has shown that compared with several populations , people living in the U.S. have the lowest diversity of gut microbes - and those some papers have linked a lack of microbial diversity in human guts to various diseases such as asthma , colon cancer and autoimmune diseases , they are epidemiological rather than causative .
`` It took millions of years , since humans and chimpanzees split from a common ancestor , to become 60 percent different in these colonies living in our digestive systems , '' said Howard Ochman , professor of integrative biology at The University of Texas at Austin and co-author of the paper . `` On the other hand , in apparently only hundreds of years — and possibly a lot fewer — people in the United States lost a great deal of diversity in the bacteria living in their gut . ''
One conjecture for humans having have less diversity in gut microbiomes is that we shifted to a diet with more meat and fewer plants . Some plants require more complex communities of microbes to break them down , which is not as true for meat .
As for why Americans have seemed to have experienced much more rapid changes in microbial diversity compared with people in less industrialized societies , some have suggested more time spent indoors , increased use of antibacterial soaps and cleaners , widespread use of antibiotics and even high numbers of births by Cesarean section . Antibiotics and antimicrobial cleaners can kill good bacteria along with the bad , and C-section deliveries prevent babies from receiving certain bacteria from the mother typically conferred during vaginal births .
`` Declining diversity in the gut has been a trend for a long time , '' said Ochman . `` It 's tantalizing to think that the decrease in microbial diversity in humans is due only to modern medical practices and other lifestyle changes , but this research shows other factors over time also must have played a role . ''
The Canadian Press
EDMONTON -- Alberta 's Finance Minister Joe Ceci says Alberta 's core spending plan remains in place despite another blow Monday to the province 's credit outlook .
`` The important programs and services that Albertans rely on and that we ran on , we believe it 's important to keep those in place , '' Ceci told reporters at Government House .
`` When it comes to infrastructure spending and stimulus , we believe we 're on the right track . ''
Ceci was responding to the bond rating agency Moody 's announcing Monday it is shifting its outlook for Alberta to negative from stable while retaining the province 's triple-A rating .
In December , the rating agency Standard and Poors downgraded Alberta 's rating to double-A-plus from triple-A .
The outlooks impact the credit-worthiness of a borrower and can make it more expensive to take on loans .
Moody 's , in a news release , said the change reflects that oil prices , the engine of Alberta 's economy , continue to tumble .
`` The negative outlook for the province of Alberta reflects the rising risk that the province 's fiscal position will deteriorate further than previously expected in an environment of protracted low oil prices and deterioration of economic activity , '' said Moody 's .
`` Moody 's forecasts that revenue shortfalls stemming not only from direct natural resource royalties but also from the broad economic impact of the slump in the oil sector will lead to larger deficits in the short- and medium-term than those budgeted by the province . ''
`` This will translate into higher debt burdens and a faster draw on reserves than previously anticipated . ''
Oil prices that now are hovering under US $ 30 a barrel for the benchmark West Texas Intermediate have hit the province hard . This year 's budget calls for a deficit of $ 6.1 billion and thousands of oilpatch workers have been laid off .
Ceci said there are positives in the report .
`` They have affirmed our triple-A credit rating , so that is great , '' they said . `` They have put us on a watch , which really just is a result of oil and where that 's at and its impact on our economy . ''
The long-term blueprint the province is pursuing was laid out last October in the 2015-16 budget .
That plan promises hiring freezes where possible but avoids deep cuts in front-line services . It also expands infrastructure spending over the next five years to help spur the economy and to catch up on infrastructure deficits ignored by previous governments .
Those plans come with a heavy debtload expected to exceed $ 47 billion by the end of the decade .
The government has already begun taking steps to rein in spending .
Late last year Ceci announced that more than $ 400 million in new program spending to be launched in this spring 's budget will be delayed or drawn out .
The government has also frozen the salaries for a quarter of its employees -- those not in unions -- for two years .
The Opposition Wildrose party urged Ceci to stop nibbling around the edges of cost containment .
`` Wildrose has long warned the NDP government that without taking meaningful steps to control spending , and limit borrowing , it would do damage to investors ' confidence in Alberta 's credit rating , '' Wildrose Leader Brian Jean said in a news release .
With so many travels , I just have n't had a chance to do a review of the new Frozen Ever After attraction in Epcot 's Norway Pavilion . I was there on day one when it opened , but had to leave for a 30 day trip afterwards . So my review is a little late . But the ride is going to be around for some time ( and so will the lines ) , so I thought I would still offer my thoughts .
Remembering Maelstrom
There was so much controversy about changing Maelstrom out to this attraction . Just so we have some context , let 's review the former Maelstrom . I remember going on Maelstrom a few months after it first opened . I thought Rio del Tiempo was short . This set a new precedent . Other than the three-headed troll , its fiber optics , and the polar bears , there was little of any serious show investment . Plunging from a troll forest into an oil derrick ? Talk about your story gaps . It was a great place to get out of the heat , but that relief did n't last long–unless the line was slow . No question , the ride was quaint in some ways . But it was also a disappointment you simply became accustomed to .
I might also add , I loved the second half of the Norway film , and especially the score that accompanied it . But the first half of the film was like being pounded on with Thor 's hammer . Between the Vikings at sea and the oil derrick , I was getting sea sick .
Still , despite its weaknesses , many people cried fowl when they heard that Maelstrom would go away . And there were many who felt that this was going to be some cheap makeover on Disney 's part to capitalize on their most successful film ever , Frozen . Was Frozen Ever After done on the cheap ? Not at all . In fact , this article bares witness to how it could have really been done on the cheap .
A Queue Through Arendelle
It would have been easy to keep the old queue . Another cheap approach would have been to take the former theater and make it into a meet ‘ n ' greet area . I 'll talk more about that later , but know that the former theater is now the village of Arendelle , It 's sloping setting was gutted out and in place is a whole new village different than the former Norwegian one . The highlight of the winding queue is entering the Wandering Oaken 's Trading Post , where Oaken themselves is waving hello to you from the steam room . It 's the culmination of many clever details that make up this entirely new queueing experience .
A New Loading Area Offers More Ride
One of the cheapest things that could have been done was to keep the boarding area where it was . A mural of Frozen could have been painted behind the loading dock . It cost a lot of money to move that loading area to where the disembarkation was , and to put both in the same location ( similar to the Mexico 's Gran Fiesta Tour ) . In place of the original boarding area , they created a whole new set of scenes , thus adding a fairly big percentage of additional time to the ride . Now a section where the boats turned around is part of the journey , all of it arriving where the original boarding area was before going up the ramp .
But that was n't all . They could have run the track back in the same trough as it went through the original loading area . Instead , they re-routed that track so that it came through the center of that space , rather than hanging to the left . That allows two individual scenes to play out , one involving Olaf as well as Sven , and another involving the Rock Trolls . By the time we go up the lift , we have already been immersed into the world of Frozen .
An Animated Experience
You recall that many of the animatronics of Maelstrom were dark ride characters . Very limited animation , and no facial animation with the exception of the three trolls . All of these characters in Frozen Ever After are dynamic and most are backlit , like the Seven Dwarfs in the new mine ride . It 's perfect because it carries the animation well . If you were n't aware , the ride was supposed to reopen sooner . But I heard through the Imagineering pipeline that Bob Iger wanted more impressive animatronics–especially with Elsa 's big “ Let It Go ” number . That 's my understanding as to why it took so long . Again , that 's a serious investment . Those animatronics do n't come easy .
A New Ending
On the back end of the experience , we see how they have maximized the return to Arendelle . If you recall , the disembarkation process always led the boats to be backed up . So you were sitting in the Norwegian fishing village just looking across it while the boat waited its turn at the dock . Now an entire scene plays out with Olaf , Anna and Elsa . Again , this scene did not have to happen . It could have been entirely scrapped and no one would have known . Instead , they chose to maximize that time waiting to return to the dock .
The Royal Sommerhus
Having stepped back outside , let 's talk for a moment about the opportunity to visit Anna and Elsa at the Royal Sommerhus . Again , they could have been cheap . They could have utilized the former theater space , forcing more guests out in the heat outside the building while they queued for the ride . They also could have kept the small meet ‘ n ' greet area they had originally done to one of the retail areas when the film first opened . Or , they could have expected you to buy a ticket to Magic Kingdom to see the princesses , and left them there . Or , they could have had you pay to eat at Akershus next door , leaving them to make appearances there .
Instead , they built an entirely themed summer home . And while it looks small and quaint from the outside , take a closer look . I do n't want to give away the magic , but there 's a reason why you see mountains behind that summer cabin . There 's more than meets the eye , and it 's the reason why the overall wait to meet the princesses has gone done way down . Again , it was an investment on Disney 's part to not repeat the 340-minute length queues that originally developed in Fantasyland . Several choices to go on the cheap , and Disney chose none of them . It 's a beautiful addition , and it builds out the entire Epcot experience .
Epcot Frozen Ever After : A Summary
So , for all the complaints about Maelstrom going away , only to be replaced by some old Frozen makeover , the truth is , it 's just not so . Other than the exterior , and 90 % of the original track , this attraction was changed out about as much as any experience could be altered . And the effect is simply magical . There is nothing done cheaply here . Frozen Ever After is an attraction as worthy as other major attractions that have come out of New Fantasyland and even Shanghai Disney . It 's definitely worth the visit on your next trip to Epcot .
Have you been on Frozen Ever After ? What did you think ? Share your experience with us .
By the way , there is a place where you can really dig into Epcot at a level like no other . Visit my ibook , Lessons From Epcot : In Leadership , Business and Life . You will read details and stories you ca n't find elsewhere , including how the Norway pavilion was once called the “ No Way Pavilion ” when it was originally built . Check it out !
Some of Australia 's largest superannuation funds rank among the best in the world in protecting their members from the adverse effects of climate change .
In a survey of superannuation funds and other `` asset '' managers , such as insurers and sovereign wealth funds , the Australian industry super fund for NSW public servants , Local Government Super , ranks second in the world . It was beaten to first place by UK-based pension fund , The Environment Agency Pension Fund .
Local Government Super in 2014 said it would exclude companies with a material exposure to `` high carbon-sensitive '' activities as well as coal-fired electricity generators . Credit : Michele Mossop
The $ 120 billion Future Fund , Australia 's sovereign wealth fund , ranks No . 93 in the world .
The 500 largest asset owners in the world are ranked on three capabilities – engagement , risk management and low-carbon investment . Superannuation and pension funds account for nearly two-thirds of the 500 asset managers .
Westboro Baptist Church , the Kansas-based organization best known for anti-gay picketing at military funerals , has chosen a new target : Wilson High School in Northwest Washington , where students are holding a Pride Day next month .
The second annual lunchtime festival will bring together more than 20 community organizations and government agencies that offer support and services for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and questioning youth . Last year , students signed pledges to respect their LGBTQ colleagues , and Mayor Vincent C. Gray ( D ) showed up to demonstrate their support .
“ The message of Pride Day is that as a public school in our Nation 's Capitol , we support LGBTQ+ students , and we are committed to making our school and our Capitol a safer and more welcoming space for everyone , ” says 15-year-old sophomore Neilah Rovinsky .
Westboro — “ arguably the most obnoxious and rabid hate group in America , ” according to the Southern Poverty Law Center — clearly sees Wilson 's efforts differently .
“ You should be hanging your heads in shame for such a thing , ” reads the Westboro Web site , announcing plans to protest June 9 at Wilson and many other Washington institutions — including the Supreme Court , the White House and Congress — that the church believes have been too supportive of gay marriage .
The announcement triggered an immediate reaction from students , who took to social media to begin organizing a peaceful counterprotest . Rovinsky said that it 's been heartening to see their school come together in support of a common cause .
“ The fact that Westboro has targeted a high school where many kids struggle with understanding their sexuality and may take these crazy extremist comments to heart seems outrageous to me , ” they wrote in an e-mail . “ However , I do know that as a school community , we will stand up for all of our students ... Westboro has decided to go against the wrong school and the wrong city this time . ”
Biology teacher Chris Obermeyer , one of three faculty sponsors of the school 's Gay Straight Alliance , said he 's thrilled to see students take the lead in advocating for themselves and hopes whatever publicity comes of it helps spur students elsewhere to take action .
“ Hopefully , we 'll see more schools do pride days , ” they said .
Health and fitness should n't be just a week-long fad . It should be a life-long pursuit . Each new gain should bring about a slew of new goals : If you lose 20 pounds , sign up for a 5K ; if you reach a new squat PR , see what you can do about your deadlift . There 's no end to how far you can take your fitness . The problem for most is just getting started .
As a beginner , you may fall prey to the inconsistencies and falsehoods spread by the uneducated and the untrained . ( As if getting off the couch is n't hard enough ! ) The best way to go into the fitness world is through the doors of knowledge . If you learn a little before you start , you 'll be much better equipped to deal with setbacks , plateaus , nutrition questions , and training debacles .
If you have n't already , check out the first 25 debunked fitness myths before you read the next 25 . Although these myth-busting articles wo n't necessarily turn you into an Arnold look-alike , they will help you make smart choices and find real ways to meet your fitness objectives .
Myth 26 : I can spot-reduce my problem areas
TRUTH : Spot-reduction is not possible unless you go for liposuction . Without such surgery , your body will draw fat from different regions at different rates depending on your genetic makeup .
If spot reduction was possible by training and diet , you 'd seldom see women with lower-body fat deposits or men with big guts .
Myth 27 : A protein bar is a good substitution for a meal
TRUTH : Nope . Protein bars are highly processed , unless you make them yourself . Highly processed food requires fewer calories to digest , so that benefit is diminished . I love protein bars , but I eat them as treats to be eaten instead of , say , a Snickers bar .
Myth 28 : Muscle definition comes from lifting light weight for many reps
TRUTH : Leanness and muscle definition come from having muscle mass and low body fat . If you train with light weights only , you just wo n't build muscle . If you do n't have any muscle mass , you wo n't burn much fat . If you have low body fat coupled with small muscles , you 'll have nothing to show off !
Myth 29 : Carbs are found only in bread and noodles
TRUTH : Wrong . You also find carbs in grains , starches , fruit , vegetables , dairy , nuts , and seeds .
Myth 30 : My calcium must come from dairy
TRUTH : You can get calcium from vegan sources like broccoli and sesame seeds , but in order to get the recommended intake of elemental calcium , you need to eat plenty ! Dietitians forget that you can not consume one cup of sesame seeds per day on a fat-loss diet .
A cup of sesame seeds would provide 1400 mgs of calcium—but also 825 calories . Two pounds of broccoli would yield 426 mgs of calcium , but broccoli also contains oxalic acid which inhibits calcium absorption . Sea vegetables , like hijiki , contain arsenic in addition to the high calcium content .
Supplementation is a good idea , but you may need to take more than you think . Calcium carbonate is a source of calcium that has 40 percent elemental calcium , so when the label on the bottle reads : `` 1000 mgs per serving , '' it means you only get 400 mgs out of it .
Calcium citrate is 20 percent elemental , therefore 1000mgs of calcium citrate yields 200 mgs . Before you supp , make sure you know how much calcium you need and compare it to the label .
Myth 31 : If you want to compete , your diet must consist only of chicken and broccoli
TRUTH : This is an old school bodybuilding mentality that came about due to lack of knowledge about nutrients and what they do for you . If you eat only 2-3 sources of food , you 'll end up nutrient deficient . Plus who wants to eat chicken and broccoli all day ?
Myth 32 : You ca n't gain muscle after 40
TRUTH : Age does bring wear and tear , but at 40 you 're still a training baby unless you 've been a competitive professional athlete since you were a teenager . You can gain muscle despite hormonal deficiencies—it just may be a tad harder .
If you are over 40 , you might want to go check your blood and run some saliva tests to rule out deficiencies . If you 're deficient in some hormones , you may want to look into replacement therapy so you are n't at risk for heart disease or osteoporosis .
Myth 33 : The more you sweat , the more fat you lose
TRUTH : Sweat has nothing to do with intensity ; it 's your body 's way of getting rid of heat . Fat is oxidized inside your body , and it is not going to vaporize because you 're sweating !
Myth 34 : Avocados , peanut butter , and oils are `` clean '' and can help you lose weight
TRUTH : Healthy fats are an important part of your diet , but having even a 100 percent clean diet does n't mean you 'll lose weight . You can be overweight and eat nothing but `` clean '' food .
Myth 35 : Fruit is a healthy snack that ca n't make you fat
TRUTH : Humans eat food because it gives us nutrients and fuel , but any kind of food , no matter how healthy , can make you gain weight . Fruit has a lot of easily accessible carbs . When you provide your body with easily accessible carbs , you 're basically telling it to stop burning body fat for fuel .
Myth 36 : Yoga will get you ripped
TRUTH : Unless you 're doing hot yoga , yoga does n't burn many calories because it does n't require much oxygen . It also does n't stimulate muscle growth in the same way that weight training does . Most buff and ripped yoga bunnies weight train and practice yoga .
Sure , you can `` get ripped '' doing yoga if you do n't eat—but you 're not going to have a decent amount of muscle mass .
Myth 37 : Doing cardio before weights will help you get shredded faster
TRUTH : If you run on a treadmill before you hit the weights , you 'll be too fatigued to train as heavy as you can . You need muscle , not miles to burn fat .
Myth 38 : Caffeine has only negative effects on the body
TRUTH : The problems with caffeine occur mostly because of overconsumption . But with moderate use , caffeine has many benefits beyond that of energy for athletic performance .
Do yourself a favor and check out PubMed to see some studies about the positive benefits of moderate caffeine consumption .
Myth 39 : BCAAs are the same thing as protein
TRUTH : Protein is a complex of several amino acids linked together . BCAAs are branched chain amino acids : L-leucine , iso-leucine and L-valine . These three amino acids are the most abundant type in muscle tissue . If you take BCAAs before and after you work out , you protect your muscles from breakdown .
However , BCAAs release insulin , which makes them anabolic just like carbs . Because they act like carbs , it 's probably best not to take them before a low-intensity cardio workout—especially if you 're trying to burn that last pound or two of body fat .
Myth 40 : Creatine causes massive weight gain
TRUTH : Creatine is found naturally in your body . Creatine 's primary use is as an energy source . Creatine pulls water with it into the muscle cell , which can cause the cell to volumize . Volumized cells are healthy and , in super-jacked people , can actually make muscles look bigger .
The reason for the weight-gain myth is that most people combine a creatine supplement with carbs and other bulking food . Combined with sugar , creatine can cause subcutaneous water gain .
Myth 41 : High-protein diets are bad for your kidneys
TRUTH : Protein taxes the kidneys because they have to work harder to process it . Healthy people without a preexisting kidney condition are fine to eat a lot of protein as long as they drink a lot of water too .
Myth 42 : Cleanse products will only enhance your results
TRUTH : Medically , there 's no reason to do a cleanse . Your body has natural ways of detoxifying . If you eat a healthy diet that includes a lot of vegetables . A cleanse is a waste of money .
Myth 43 : All protein powder is the same , so it does n't matter which one I use
TRUTH : There are many different types of protein : soy , casein , egg and whey ( to name a few ) . Each of these protein powder types work a little differently , and each kind of protein has a different amount of carbs , fat , cholesterol , and calories .
Protein taste also varies depending on brand and type . Choose a protein that 's right for your goals and price point .
Myth 44 : Soy is a great alternative to whey protein
TRUTH : Soy protein has a lower Protein Digestibility Corrected Amino Acid Score than animal products . It 's not as well-balanced in essential amino acids . It is an alternative . Whether it 's a `` great '' alternative is up to you and depends on your goal .
Myth 45 : Soy is the only protein you can use if you are a vegetarian
TRUTH : Soy is n't the only option . You can have rice protein , hemp protein , and pea protein . There are plenty of options . You just need to do a little research .
Myth 46 : The only way to lose weight is by cutting out all carbs
TRUTH : The only way to lose the right amount of weight is by adopting a diet than supports your goal , training with weights , and doing some cardio . Your program should include all of these aspects long enough to see a difference . Diet , weights , and cardio—the holy trinity of fitness !
Myth 47 : All vegetables are created the same , so I can swap any veggies I do n't like for ones that I love
TRUTH : Vegetables contain different amounts of calories . Some have 12 grams per 100 calories , others have 80 calories . You can not swap broccoli for turnips without having to recalculate your calories .
Myth 48 : If you are n't sore the next day , your workout was n't hard enough
TRUTH : Soreness is inflammation and the chemical response to inflammation . The only yardstick by which you need to measure progress is that of your goal . There are Olympic athletes who have n't felt soreness in years . Judge your workout by what happens during that workout .
If you hit a PR , and you are n't sore the next day , it does n't mean you did n't expend enough energy , it means your energy expenditure was just right . Judging your progress by a pain threshold is incorrect—you do n't have to have soreness to gain muscle size or strength .
Myth 49 : If you want to get in shape , you have to run for long distances
TRUTH : Your fitness success depends upon your goal . If you want to be able to run 10 miles without breaking a sweat , then yes , you 'll have to run .
If your goal is fat loss or muscle gain , running for miles and miles may not be the best way to lose pounds . The more efficient your body becomes at running , the fewer calories you 'll burn .
Myth 50 : Big muscles are strong muscles
TRUTH : There 's a difference between training your muscles to be big and training your muscles to be strong . For physique athletes , size and shape—not strength—is the ultimate goal . For athletes , strength for maximum effort is most important .
I 'm not saying that big muscles are n't strong , but put a bodybuilder and an Olympic lifter in front of a loaded barbell and see who can clean the most weight . Either person is capable of being strong or built—it 's all a matter of training for a specific goal .
Recommended For You
30 Days Out : Craig Capurso 's Extreme Cut Trainer 30 Days Out is Craig Capurso 's personal one-month cutting program . It 's a combination of intense training techniques and precision nutrition , and it 's guaranteed to get you shredded . 30 Days Out is Craig Capurso 's personal one-month cutting program . It 's a combination of intense training techniques and precision nutrition , and it 's guaranteed to get you shredded .
Arms Workout For Women : A Girl 's Guide To Guns Who say biceps curls are for dudes only ? Here 's why every lady should be training their biceps and triceps for stronger , better-looking arms ! Who says biceps curls are for dudes only ? Here 's why every lady should be training their biceps and triceps for stronger , better-looking arms !
Attorney General Kathleen Kane did n't mince words in their response to state Rep. Daryl Metcalfe 's efforts to seek them impeachment .
In a statement they released on Tuesday , Kane said Pennsylvanians should be `` revolted '' by the way Metcalfe is thwarting them from doing their job and accuses them of political gamesmanship .
View full size View full size
Metcalfe , R-Butler , began circulating a co-sponsorship memo on Monday calling for Kane 's removal from office because they are “ creating a constitutional crisis by refusing to perform they assigned role and usurping the role of the courts . ”
They were referring to Kane 's declaration that the state law that defines marriage as between one man and one woman was unconstitutional and they would not defend it against a legal challenge filed this summer .
Here is the full text of their statement :
`` Rep. Metcalfe 's call for impeachment should instead be an opportunity for their own introspection . More than three million voters elected me to office last year because they are fed up with partisan politics , which is what Rep. Metcalfe represents .
`` I ran for Attorney General because partisan politics are so rampant and ugly , that the people of Pennsylvania are not properly served by their government !
`` Rep. Metcalfe 's goals of media attention and political gamesmanship are accomplished through loud , arrogant and misguided claims . Instead , their priorities should be reforming education , job creation , fixing our transportation system , or making the streets safer for kids and families , and should also include cleaning up the good ol ' boys ' system of public corruption . Instead , they choose to focus on wasting time and battling me because I had the gall to run for office , win and serve Pennsylvania as an independent watchdog over the government they desperately want to rule .
`` It is unfortunate that Rep. Metcalfe has such little respect for the people of Pennsylvania . It is also unfortunate and embarrassing that Rep. Metcalfe has such limited knowledge of the laws or perhaps poor understanding of time-tested , clearly enumerated legal principles . While they purport to know what actions I have taken , they are wrong . When they pretend to know the rules governing ethical conduct for attorneys , they again are terribly wrong . And , while Rep. Metcalfe pretends to understand the legal implications of my actions and others around the state , they could not be more misguided . I do not believe they care about facts or the law .
`` I have been , and always will be , committed to protecting , obeying and defending the Constitution of the United States and of Pennsylvania . I will continue to be the independent watchdog over state government to provide checks and balances on the power of those who seek to fulfill their own agenda . Public corruption and waste will not be tolerated . And I will act as the Commonwealth 's attorney , pursuant to the rules of Professional Responsibility .
`` The citizens of this great Commonwealth should be revolted that a politician such as Rep. Metcalfe is attempting to thwart an independent Attorney General from doing their job by using such a measure . I have never been afraid of or backed down from bullies . In fact , bullies strengthen my resolve to protect those who need it the most – the people of Pennsylvania . I will never be deterred by selfish rants of those who want Pennsylvania to belong to the few . We thrive on the principles of government for the people , by the people . I will continue to be the Attorney General you elected me to be . ''
Image copyright AP
Amazon is to stop selling video-streaming TV devices from Google and Apple because they do n't `` interact well '' with its own media service .
The online retailer said it had made the decision to avoid `` customer confusion '' and the devices will be removed from sale by 29 October .
Amazon wants to sell products that work with its in-house streaming video service known as Prime Video .
Prime Video is not available on Apple TV and Google 's Chromecast .
But it can be watched via an app on Apple and Android smartphones and tablets .
Amazon said along with its own Fire TV , it will continue to sell other companies ' devices that are compatible with Prime Video .
These include Microsoft 's Xbox , and Sony 's Playstation .
Amazon has rapidly expanded its online content , using it to attract subscribers to its Prime loyalty membership scheme which offers fast delivery on purchases .
'Sledgehammer approach '
Google has just unveiled a new version of its Chromecast TV device , and Apple is due to release the latest version of its TV this month .
Richard Windsor , analyst at Edison Investment Research , said that by refusing to sell such products , Amazon could be diminishing the experience of its customers .
`` These days it is all about enticing users to join one 's community and then providing great digital life services so that they stay .
`` This is why Amazon 's sledgehammer approach ... is very likely to backfire .
`` This approach implies that Amazon is doing everything it can to prevent users from accessing what very well may be superior services from its competitors , '' they said .
Tough tactics
Amazon has used similar tactics with book publishers .
Last year it blocked pre-orders for some books from the publisher Hachette , while the two sides negotiated over prices .
Many authors were angered by the move and accused Amazon of being anti-competitive .
BEIJING ( AP ) — At the end of December , a popular television series chronicling China 's most famous empress suddenly went on a four-day hiatus . When it returned on New Year 's Day , the low-cut necklines and squeezed bosoms had vanished .
Instead , the screen was filled with close-up shots showing only the heads of the female characters in the period piece , which depicts the seventh-century Tang Dynasty , an era when a woman 's beauty was defined partly by plumpness .
No one has claimed responsibility for the awkward cropping , but it is widely believed to be the work of the country 's prudish censors .
The changes have drawn a wave of mockery from the public fed up with ham-handed censorship . Chinese have lit up social media with complaints and jokes , with some posting cropped photos of celebrities and drawings that add-in the missing cleavages to show the absurdity of the cuts .
“ It was not a public issue , but has become one after shameless officials wielded their powerful administrative powers , ” Ren Zhiqiang , a business person who has been outspoken on social issues , wrote on their microblog . “ What people are concerned about is not cleavage , but that a bunch of cultural hooligans are in charge of making approvals . ”
Calls to the State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television were unanswered Thursday and Friday . The administration does not always issue its decrees publicly , issuing its orders instead directly to publishers and producers .
In recent years , the regulating agency has issued a series of edicts , saying TV programming should be wholesome and avoid smutty material that would corrupt social morals . It has banned plots that involve one-night stands , wife-swapping , female protagonists falling in love with more than one man and the use of sex in military espionage .
Bizarrely , authorities have also banned plots with time travel , a move they say is aimed at preserving historical integrity .
The risque necklines in “ The Empress of China ” were the latest images to fall under the agency 's cleaver .
The 80-episode series tells the story of Wu Zetian , who was a concubine to a Tang emperor but ascended to the apex of power and ruled officially under their self-proclaimed Zhou Dynasty . They are the only recorded woman to rule China in their own right and has been the subject of many television and film productions .
The empress was played by Fan Bingbing , a rising star who has appeared in the 2014 Hollywood blockbuster “ X-Men . ”
The series has lavish costumes with the low necklines believed to have been commonplace in the age of Wu , and all 80 episodes already had been produced when the changes were imposed after 17 episodes were aired .
In one survey by the industry research group Zero Power Intelligence , nearly 40 percent say the cuts were too prudish , though another quarter of the 13,768 respondents said the show was now appropriate for all ages .
The hubbub prompted at least two Communist Party-run newspapers this week to call for the introduction of ratings into Chinese television programs and films .
“ If there were ratings , then ‘ The Empress of China ' would not need the redo , ” the Liaoning Daily wrote . “ Now it has re-emerged with the bosoms covered up , yet the coy attitude has become an even bigger joke . ”
The party-run Henan Daily said that while the show was now suitable for all ages , “ it has lost its edge . ”
Shi Shusi , a Beijing-based commentator , called it another example of the abuse of power .
“ It 's absurd that the authorities should make such a ruling when a few old cadres are upset with ‘ The Empress of China , ' ” they said . “ It 's time we put powers in a cage so there will be sensible decision-making and management to prevent such a farce from happening again . ”
by
As you may have heard , the Summer Beer Dabbler is getting a new lease on life—literally . On September 6th , from 5 to 9pm , the 6th Annual Summer Beer Dabbler will be on the field at Midway Stadium .
Besides enjoying the view from the Twin Cities ' second most popular baseball diamond , why should you make your way to this year 's Dabbler ? Ah , let us count the ways .
It 's Midway Stadium 's Last Beer Festival
For Minnesotans , it 's hard to believe that Midway Stadium will soon be going the way of the Metrodome . ( Well , minus the impressive implosion and all . ) But with the Saints moving to their spiffy new stadium in Lowertown , it 's one of the last parties that Midway will host before the old stadium comes down . You 've spent plenty of warm summer days and nights at Midway , so what better way to pay your respects than to quaff a few tasty samples of craft beer at the Summer Beer Dabbler ? Just do n't pour any out in its honor—that could get messy .
Beer , beer , and more beer !
The Beer Dabbler will play host to over 85 breweries at this event . 85 breweries ! There will be local favorites like Summit Brewing Co , Dangerous Man , Burning Brothers , Badger Hill , and a whole bunch of others . Enjoy outstate Minnesota favorites like Bent Paddle , Brau Brothers , and Junkyard ( a relative newcomer from Moorhead ) . You will find Midwestern staples like Milwaukee 's Lakefront , Omaha 's Nebraska Brewing Company , and Iowa 's Millstream Brewing . The the usual Colorado contingent—New Belgium , Oskar Blues , Odell , and others . And we 're proud to welcome our West Coast brethren , too : Green Flash , North Coast , Anchor , and Lagunitas will all be on hand . So , you 're covered , whether you 're craving a high-graving blast from HammerHeart or an inimitable IPA from Cali 's finest—or pretty much anything else .
There Will Be Brewery Debuts
Two breweries will make their festival debuts at this year 's Summer Beer Dabbler . You can be on hand to welcome Chicago 's Off Color Brewing and Brooklyn 's Evil Twin Brewing . Let 's make sure they leave Minnesota with fond memories—and keep sending their brews our way .
Not Just Your Standard Fare
Okay , you 're probably not going to the Summer Beer Dabbler to get one last run at a ballpark dog . So happily , you do n't have to rely on the concessions stand to soak up all the beer you 'll be drinking on the 6th . We 'll have local food trucks—Gastrotruck , Natedogs , and Potter 's Pasties . And the St. Paul Saint 's concessions stand WILL be open , so you can get your fill of dogs , nachos , and other greasy goodness there too . Oh , and the food trucks will be staying till 9:30pm , provided they do n't run out of food first , so you can stay and linger for the…
Fireworks ! ?
…because that 's just how The Beer Dabbler rolls . The show starts after the last beer has been poured ( 9m ) , so stick around , nosh on some food truck grub , and prepare to “ Oohs ” and “ Ahhs . ”
The Mayor Will Be There
What Midway Stadium bash would be complete without the face of St. Paul ? Mayor Chris Coleman will grace the Summer Beer Dabbler with their presence—beginning the festival with a ceremonial first pitch ( er ) . ( Come on , it 's a baseball stadium . ) And who will be on the receiving end of said pitcher ? None other than The Growler ‘ s own Joe Alton , a proud St. Paulite himself . Just make sure you have a good view of the opening shenanigans .
There 's Live Music All Evening
The Summer Beer Dabbler will have wall-to-wall live music from some of the region 's most exciting acts . Sonny Knight & The Lakers , who likely needs no introduction , will start things off at 5pm on the Big Wood Brewery Stage . Hippo Campus , an up-and-coming four-piece from the Minnesota , follows at 6:30pm . And rockers , Crossing Guards , take the stage at 8pm . If you want a break from the onstage entertainment , head to the Beer Dabbler 's Silent Disco—back by popular demand—where you can don wireless headphones and ( literally ) groove to the beat of your own drummer .
We 're Taking Care of Transportation
Planning a safe ride home is paramount . Bring a Designated Driver . DD tickets available for $ 10 . But if you want a more sustainable way to get to the festival , take advantage of our pre-party shuttles from O'Gara 's , Stout 's Pub , or Gabes by the Park . Or grab a free Metro Transit pass , good for a ride to and from the event . If you want to be driven home in your own car , we 're also partnering with You Drink We Drive . Just be sure to make a reservation on their website before arriving .
There 's a Homebrewing Contest !
If you 've got something in the fermenter at the moment , you can register until September 5 at the stroke of midnight . Drop off your brew at the judges ' table by 6:30pm on September 6 , then wait around until the winners are announced at the end of the night . There will be prizes ! But we 're limiting entries to 70 , so please register early .
You Can Burn Off Some Beer Calories Before the Event
New this year : The Beer Run/Beer Dabbler 2 Mile Trot . Yes , you can run to the Summer Beer Dabbler , thanks to the MN Brewery Running Series . The $ 70 entry fee gets you admission to the Beer Dabbler and a free T-shirt and glass , and a portion of the proceeds goes to Bolder Options . The winner gets a “ golden growler , ” but do n't worry—you 're not going to be timed .
It 's a Steal
When you register in advance , tickets for the Summer Beer Dabbler are just $ 40 . That 's $ 40 for unlimited beer from 85 breweries , plus a stacked lineup of live music . You do the math… we ca n't . Day-of tickets are $ 50 , if there 's still space on the field , and DD tickets are $ 10 .
Let 's be honest here : our President is not a well man .
To most objective observers this is n't really up for debate anymore . Their frenetic impulsiveness , their propensity toward violent outbursts , their elementary school vocabulary , their nonsensical Twitter rants , their allergic reaction to the truth , their public bullying of judges and FBI staff . If Donald Trump were operating in any other arena—business , education , local government , he 'd be called unfit for their position and either fired , arrested , or declared mentally unsound .
But despite mounting evidence of collusion with Russia , and despite a steady stream of irrational Executive Orders , unceremonious firings , nonsensical Tweets , and staggering abuses of power—here they sit .
But that 's not the problem we have here in America .
The problem we have , is that it 's becoming more and more clear that none of this matters to a large percentage of white people , who are determined to make this President their noble Moses ; the one who will lead them out of the imagined captivity they 'd been in for the past 8 years , and on to the Promised Land of their past greatness .
“ You 'll suffer now , just like we suffered under Obama ! ” they say to people of color , or quietly believe now . Whether the former was true or not , is neither here nor there . The fact of the matter is that they believe it—and this is why they are silent now : they are finally feeling spoken for .
This is the seductive snake oil Donald Trump sold them as they barnstormed the nation last year , appealing to every bit of frustration and fear and perceived oppression felt by white folks who always had a problem with a black President , who believed themselves persecuted for their faith , and who 'd been convinced that they were actually the marginalized ones in the nation made to order for them .
It 's why this President is the Great White Hope they 've been waiting for , because they have a similar gift : to have the deck stacked fully in their favor , to have been the recipient of every advantage the system offers , to be the beneficiary of every shortcut imaginable—and to still see themselves as the victim , to still feel attacked . It is this paradoxical notion of the entitled underdog , that Trump has exploited , with a great deal of help from a White Church who 've owned religion in America for decades—and yet still imagine themselves as persecuted while holding the bully pulpit . They 've been cruel Goliath to the world , but see little David in the mirror .
And this is the greatest irony of this moment ; that to so many white people in America , Donald Trump somehow represents a healthy change from the status quo , a victory for the downtrodden , an advocate for the little guy , ( though they are in reality , none of those things . ) They are not at all for them , but they seem defiant in not admitting this , intentionally ignoring what their eyes see . Despite the fact that their policies regarding healthcare , education , taxes , and the environment leave them more vulnerable than ever—they are applauding them for saving them .
For the past few months I , like others , have been pleading for disappointed Trump voters to stand with the tens of million of us who comprise a multiethnic , nonpartisan , multigenerational , interfaith resistance to this Administration . They have largely been invisible . And though some of them have withdrawn from the conversation out of embarrassment over their choice in November , or grown fatigued at being called bigots and racists and homophobes—the lion 's share of the President 's Evangelical , white base is perfectly fine with the world burning . To them , the actual details of Trump 's tenure ; any election corruption or unconstitutional political maneuvers , any gross incompetence , or any of their actual words or actions—are all rather inconsequential . They are a symbol , and their substance is of little concern .
They make them feel like they are getting something back that they 've lost ( regardless of the fact that they 've never lost it ) , they make them feel like they count again ( even though they 've always counted . ) For them , Donald Trump is a big , white middle finger to the world they 've grown to believe has oppressed them—which is of course , the height of privilege ; to see any movement toward justice as a personal attack . As beneficiaries of every perk and advantage , the past 8 years tipping toward balance has felt like a threat , and though these days are a rapid regression of equality and diversity in America , they 're willfully oblivious to it all . It all feels good .
And honestly I 'm not sure there is anything anyone can do or say to change their minds . Facts , data , and objective information are no match for their chosen narrative of an endangered minority , fighting to emancipate themselves from the persecution they 've been trapped in .
White lives matter . This is what Donald Trump means to them . The fact that white live have always mattered the most in this country is a minor detail . That they have been the power holders since the birth of this nation is unimportant . Despite every privilege and perk of America—they 've managed to feel held down .
And this is why we have so far to go , to reach the Promised Land that Martin Luther King Jr. said they could see off in the distance—one where all men and women , regardless of the color of their skin or their faith tradition , have equal freedom here .
It 's still a long way off .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Reddit
Print
Email
From the Latin warriors on the Palatine Hill in the age of Romulus , to the last defenders of Constantinople in 1453 AD , the weaponry of the Roman Army was constantly evolving . Through glory and defeat , the Roman warrior adapted to the changing face of warfare . Due to the immense size of the Roman Empire , which reached from the British Isles to the Arabian Gulf , the equipment of the Roman soldier varied greatly from region to region . Through the use of materials such as leather , linen and felt , the army was able to adjust its equipment to these varied climates .
Arms and Armour of the Imperial Roman Soldier sheds new light on the many different types of armour used by the Roman soldier , and combines written and artistic sources with the analysis of old and new archaeological finds . With a huge wealth of plates and illustrations , which include ancient paintings , mosaics , sculptures and coin depictions , this book gives the reader an unparalleled visual record of this fascinating period of military history .
This book , the first of three volumes , examines the period from Marius to Commodus . Volume II covers the period from Commodus to Justinian , and Volume III will look at the period from Romulus to Marius .
The patent-holding company that wants all podcasters to pay up is just looking for a fair shake .
The CEO and general counsel of Personal Audio LLC got on the phone with Ars Technica to explain why the company is asking for the identities of more than 1,300 donors who have chipped in to help the Electronic Frontier Foundation fight its podcasting patent . The subpoena seeking donor identities and a wide array of other information connected to EFF 's fight against the patent was revealed by EFF in a Wednesday blog post . EFF has moved to quash the subpoena in court , saying that while some donors are very public about their support , they also have a First Amendment right to contribute anonymously .
The fundraiser in question was kicked off by EFF to pay for what 's called an `` inter partes review '' at the US Patent and Trademark Office . EFF sought to raise $ 30,000 , but Personal Audio 's attempt to make patent demands against podcasters struck a nerve : to date , about $ 80,000 has been raised from more than 1,300 donors .
Personal Audio CEO and general counsel Brad Liddle explained this morning that the company is just trying to make sure its opponents do n't get two bites at the apple while the fight over the patent goes forth . With the IPR petition moving forward at the patent office and litigation proceeding in Texas federal courts , Personal Audio apparently suspects that the same people are behind both .
`` EFF insinuates the information we are seeking is not relevant to the Texas litigation , '' said Liddle in a brief interview with Ars . `` But to the extent that other third parties have donated or assisted to the PTO proceeding—to the extent they 've been working on to inter partes review—they should be bound by the result . ''
Much of the prior art that has been presented to the patent office has also been brought up in the Texas cases , said Liddle . They believe that if the Texas defendants are involved in the patent office proceeding , they should n't be allowed to present their same defenses all over again in federal court .
`` If there 's a corporation or a person that has assisted EFF in the PTO proceeding , there 's an estoppel argument '' that should stop them from using the same defenses again , they said . Personal Audio should n't have to `` engage in duplicative validity challenges , in expensive litigation . ''
The defendants in the Texas lawsuits include the Discovery Channel-owned HowStuffWorks podcast , NBC , CBS , and Fox , as well as Ace Broadcasting ( which produces Adam Carolla 's podcast ) , and a smaller Internet radio company called TogiNet .
The inclusion of Lindale , Texas-based TogiNet appears to be a play to keep the larger defendants in Personal Audio 's chosen venue , the Eastern District of Texas , which continues to be a popular venue for patent plaintiffs .
`` If they want to find out whether the defendants in Texas donated , they can ask the defendants , '' pointed out EFF 's Nazer—a point made in the group 's motion to quash . `` They do n't have a reason to invade the privacy of more than 1,000 donors . ''
While the legal wrangling continues , old Internet shows dredged up by the EFF petition have gone a long way to set the historical record clear . Episodes of `` Internet radio '' shows date back to at least 1993 , years before Personal Audio founder Jim Logan 's filed patents connected to their failed `` news-on-cassettes '' business .
Given that there 's no question Internet broadcasting pre-dated Logan 's business , Ars asked if Liddle and their colleagues at Personal Audio felt that it was justifiable to keep pursuing small podcasters for royalty payments . `` I 'm not going to comment on that , '' they said .
Personal Audio 's response to the EFF patent office petition is due next week , and the office is expected to decide whether or not to review the patents by early May . If it does institute a review , that process could take a year or more .
In addition to the Texas lawsuits , Personal Audio has sent out demand letters that have been recorded on EFF 's `` Trolling Effects '' site . It 's unclear how many letters it has sent .
Collecting fines from fraudsters takes patience and a willingness to dig deeply , according to debt collections specialist Speigel Nichols Fox LLP .
The Mississauga , Ont.-law firm has 29 years of experience collecting for financial institutions and other creditors and was hired last spring by the Ontario Securities Commission in a two-year pilot program to help boost the province 's collections of penalties from fraudsters .
The OSC — as well as the B.C . Securities Commission — can use the help .
From fiscal 2007-08 to 2016-17 , the B.C . Securities Commission has collected less than two per cent of $ 510 million in fines and orders to pay back the proceeds of fraudulent activities , according to the findings of a Postmedia investigation published last month .
In response , the B.C . government has called on the BCSC to improve its collection record , asking for proposals and looking for solutions that may require new legislation , Finance Minister Carole James has said .
The Ontario Securities Commission collection rate is better than B.C . 's , at about 18 per cent in the past decade , but there are still $ 370 million in uncollected fines , according to Postmedia 's analysis .
Alberta and Quebec have similar collection rates to Ontario .
“ The old saying , patience is virtuous , it 's even more so in this field , ” said Irving Fox , a partner at Speigel Nichols Fox .
They noted that one file the firm handled took 200 hours of investigation time . “ We take nothing at face value , ” said Fox .
The firm 's collections department — headed by chief law clerk Tiziana Moretti — typically builds a profile of a debtor , including tracking assets through spouses , children , other family members and business partners . That can include a history of property ownership and tracing how funds have been used to pay for properties and from where they originated .
The Postmedia investigation showed fraudsters often placed property in the names of spouses or property was held jointly .
Fox said those assets can be attacked if they can be shown to be transferred to escape penalties or debts , or if in essence , the fraudster was a beneficial owner .
Related
Even if a property was put in a spouse 's name well before the fraudulent activity , Moretti said that would not deter them from going after the asset . “ I would look at somebody basically from when they were born , who their family members were , when they bought their first house . There 's a pattern with these people . You 'll see that . They start getting more entrepreneurial — that 's when they will put the house into their spouse 's name , ” noted Moretti .
Sometimes the team will sketch out relationships and transactions on a whiteboard , much in the way a criminal investigation might , they said .
The firm also uses expertise in internet intelligence to track down debtors . They found one debtor through a photo of a child in karate class , for example , noted Moretti .
Ultimately , there is a series of collection tools that can be used including garnishment , seizures and so-called Norwich orders requiring third parties , including financial institutions , to disclose information on debtors , explained Fox .
They said it 's too early to point to any big successes , but they have managed to find the location of some fraudsters and start some garnishment applications as part of the OSC pilot project .
They said one file also holds promise of significant collection but added they could not provide any details .
Fox noted one spinoff benefit of more aggressively trying to collect penalties from fraudsters is it may be a deterrent in itself .
“ Once they know you are going to pursue them — and you are not going to let them rest easy — that in itself will have some deterrence , ” they said .
ghoekstra @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/gordon_hoekstra
Hassan Abboud , who was killed in today 's car bombing , posted this picture on their Twitter page earlier this year . It shows Abboud ( right ) walking alongside a top al Qaeda operative known as Abu Khalid al Suri ( left ) . Al Suri was killed in a suicide attack in February .
The Islamic Front , a coalition of several rebel groups fighting in Syria , announced today that more than one dozen of its senior leaders have been killed in a car bombing in Idlib . Among them is Hassan Abboud , who was the head of the Islamic Front 's political office . Abboud was also the head of Ahrar al Sham , an al Qaeda-linked group that holds key positions within the Islamic Front alliance .
There has been no claim of responsibility as of this writing . Their deaths are a major blow to the Islamic Front and Ahrar al Sham .
“ The Islamic Front gives the Muslim world the good news of the martyrdom of the head of Ahrar Al-Sham Islamic Movement ( Head of the Political Bureau of the Islamic Front ) Hassan Abboud … and some of their companions , ” a statement from the Islamic Front posted on its official Twitter account in English reads .
The statement names 11 other slain leaders who are described as “ some of [ Abboud 's ] companions. ” They include Abu Abdulmalek , the Islamic Front 's top sharia official . In addition , “ several other leaders ” of Ahrar al Sham were killed .
Ahrar al Sham and the Islamic Front have long been considered one of the most effective fighting forces on the ground in Syria . Western officials had even considered the possibility of working with the group as a supposed counterweight to “ extremists . ”
But Ahrar al Sham and the Islamic Front are closely allied with the Al Nusrah Front , al Qaeda 's official branch in Syria . A prominent al Qaeda figure known as Sanafi al Nasr has revealed on their Twitter account that al Qaeda 's senior leadership in Pakistan dispatched seasoned veterans to serve in the ranks of both Ahrar al Sham and Al Nusrah .
The Islamic Front , Ahrar al Sham , and Al Nusrah are opposed to the Islamic State , the al Qaeda offshoot that has captured large swaths of territory stretching across Iraq and Syria since earlier this year .
Abboud was close to Zawahiri 's ‘ representative ' in Syria
Abboud was especially close to a senior al Qaeda operative known as Abu Khalid al Suri , whose real name was Mohamed Bahaiah . Alongside Abboud , Bahaiah cofounded Ahrar al Sham .
The Long War Journal first reported Bahaiah 's dual-hatted role as both an Ahrar al Sham leader and al Qaeda operative in December 2013 . That same month the US Treasury Department reported that Bahaiah was al Qaeda 's “ representative in Syria ” and was receiving donations from Gulf donors that were then passed on to other parts of the al Qaeda network .
Both Abboud and Bahaiah were staunch opponents of the Islamic State and repeatedly criticized the group and its emir , Abu Bakr al Baghdadi . After the infighting between the Islamic State and the Al Nusrah Front became public in April 2013 , Ayman al Zawahiri named Bahaiah as their chief representative in the region and tasked them with mediating the dispute .
Bahaiah 's reconciliation efforts failed and they subsequently released an audio recording denouncing Baghdadi 's organization . They also urged al Qaeda 's general command to disown the Islamic State , which they did in early February 2014 .
Later that same month , Bahaiah was killed in a suicide attack . It is widely believed that the Islamic State was responsible .
Several weeks later , in early April 2014 , Zawahiri issued a eulogy for their fallen comrade in an audio recording . A video produced by al Qaeda to accompany Zawahiri 's eulogy highlighted Bahaiah 's al Qaeda role , showing footage of them attending the Al Farouq training camp in Afghanistan in 2000 . The images included a scene of Bahaiah walking between Osama bin Laden and Zawahiri .
Senior al Qaeda leaders in Syria , such as Sanafi al Nasr and Abu Firas al Suri , openly mourned Bahaiah 's death as well . Both Nasr and Abu Firas said that they had warned Bahaiah that the Islamic State was seeking to kill him .
Only after Bahaiah was killed did Abboud make their relationship public . Abboud posted a series of pictures of the pair of jihadists working side-by-side . The photos were clearly intended to illustrate Abboud 's close working relationship with Bahaiah . One of the pictures can be seen above .
Abboud also changed the avatar on their official Twitter page to a photo of Bahaiah . They kept the photo on top of their Twitter feed for weeks after Bahaiah 's death .
And now Abboud has met the same fate as their longtime companion .
Thomas Joscelyn is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Senior Editor for FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation . Thanks for reading ! You can make a tax-deductible donation here .
Adin Hill debuted their new mask prior to their first full professional season after signing an entry-level contract with the Arizona Coyotes in April .
Paying homage to the organization 's history , as the Roadrunners ' parent club celebrates their 20th season in the desert , the left side of Hill 's mask features the team 's original Kachina inspired logo , the current branding on the right , the team 's script word mark on the top , and the club 's paw-print alternate emblem on the backplate .
In recognition of their mentor and former goalie coach , Mike Maniago , who passed away in a car accident in 2008 , Hill has their initials and number 30 emblazoned within the paw-print .
The Roadrunners ' goaltender 's mask was created by Friedesigns .
The 20 year-old Calgary , Alberta native is without a loss in regulation this season , posting a 6-0-2 record through eight starts with a .917 SV % and a 2.70 GAA .
Police on Thursday night arrested Jariyaporn Buayai .
Highlights A young woman , in two years , convinced 11 men to marry them From each man , they collected between $ 6,000 and $ 30,000 before vanishing They married four times in the month of August alone
Not until a warning about them was posted on Facebook did any of the men go to authorities . How the warning got to Facebook has not been revealed . Perhaps it was posted by one of the grooms , of whom there may be more , according to reports .
The woman has not been charged and the investigation is ongoing .
From each husband , they collected between $ 6,000 and $ 30,000 before vanishing .
From the Thai media comes the story of a sultry young woman who , over the course of about two years , convinced at least 11 different men to marry her.Following Thai tradition , each man gave them a generous sum of money - a dowry - at which point they disappeared , the men told police.From each husband , they collected between $ 6,000 and $ 30,000 before vanishing , using various excuses such as they had to return to their family 's home to deal with their fruit business or their horoscope advised them that it just was n't a good time to be married.So prolific and convincing was this woman that they married four times in the month of August alone , police told local media . Initially , police reported that there were 12 complaining husbands , but later reduced the number to 11.Indeed , upon seeing the Facebook post , they descended on police , according to The Bangkok Post and other Thai media , and told the stories of how they had allegedly been duped.According to the English language paper The Nation , quoting a lawyer for the men , the method was pretty much the same in each case.She would friend the man on Facebook , meet him , have sex with him , marry them and then take the money and run.She is being called `` the runaway bride . `` Prasarn Tiamyam , 32 , described their experience in a report to the police.He got to know the woman after they friended them on Facebook in February of 2015 . They used the name Jariyaporn `` Nammon '' Buayai . There was a seductive photo of them as identified in the media.After nine months , they told them they were pregnant ( it 's not clear by whom ) and they agreed to marry her.They went to a seaside resort in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province , the man told police , according to The Nation , where they extracted a dowry of $ 6,000.The end came quickly for Prasarn . As The Nation reported : '' During their relationship , Prasarn said that Nammon refused to let them meet their parents . Only four days after their wedding , Nammon told them that they had to deal with their fruit business in Nong Khai province and left . `` Soon after , Prasarn could no longer contact them Instead , they received a call from a woman who claimed to be Nammon 's niece . They told them that Nammon lost the baby and Prasarn should not contact them again . `` Pirat Puengsuk , 28 , claims to have lost some $ 30,000 , the dowry plus a Toyota pickup truck . They told police they quit their job as a transport driver and married them after a two-month whirlwind Facebook courtship , thinking they would join them and their parents in the fruit business . `` She demanded that I marry them before investing in the business together because it was their family 's tradition . If we were n't married , we could n't do business together , '' said Pirat , as quoted in The Nation.She then vanished in their pickup.As it turned out , a warrant for fraud was already out on the woman stemming from an apparently unrelated incident . After the men went to police as a group , The Bangkok Post reported , police caught up with them in Thailand 's Nakhon Pathom Province , known for its fruit orchards.There , police on Thursday night arrested Jariyaporn Buayai , 32 , and a man police described as their real husband . Lt. Thitirat Nonghanpitak , commissioner of the police Central Investigation Bureau , told reporters Friday that they believed there were other victims . They said they netted more than $ 90,000.The woman has not been charged and the investigation is ongoing . The woman , according to the Post , said they did not intend to cheat the men , of whom , they claimed , there were only 7 rather than 11 or more . They reportedly said the men had voluntarily invested money in the family 's fruit business.Police want to interrogate their parents , The Bangkok Post reported , to determine whether they might have had a role in it . They based their theory on the fact that their parents showed up for each of the weddings . Thitirat said Friday the parents were in hiding.The deceived gentlemen , who went to police for justice , are also hoping to protect others . `` I 'm so hurt by what happened , '' said Pirat Puengsuk as quoted in The Nation . `` I want them to redeem themselves and not do this to other people . ''
Dan Buettner and I were off to a good start . They approved of coffee .
“ It 's one of the biggest sources of antioxidants in the American diet , ” they said with chipper confidence , folding up their black Brompton bike .
As we walked through Greenwich Village , looking for a decent shot of joe to fuel an afternoon of shopping and cooking and talking about the enigma of longevity , they pointed out that the men and women of Icaria , a Greek island in the middle of the Aegean Sea , regularly slurp down two or three muddy cups a day .
This came as delightful news to me . Icaria has a key role in Mr. Buettner 's latest book , “ The Blue Zones Solution , ” which takes a deep dive into five places around the world where people have a beguiling habit of forgetting to die . In Icaria they stand a decent chance of living to see 100 . Without coffee , I do n't see much point in making it to 50 .
The purpose of our rendezvous was to see whether the insights of a longevity specialist like Mr. Buettner could be applied to the life of a food-obsessed writer in New York , a man whose occupational hazards happen to include chicken wings , cheeseburgers , martinis and marathon tasting menus .
( Warning : PBE Content is tentative and subject to change - what you see below may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers at the end of the cycle ! Manage your expectations accordingly . )
Table of Contents
Kill XP Changes on PBE
`` Howdy everybody ,
Riot Colin here to give you guys some information/context about some exp changes that are currently live on PBE . We are seeing certain characters ( usually supports or junglers ) fall significantly behind their team in XP , even when they are playing well . They are still providing value to their team in team-fights and through utility , but these actions are frequently not rewarding enough to pull them back into the game . ( Their kill XP is frequently divided across many people . ) We want to increase the amount of XP they receive through rewards for kills they facilitate . We also are going to be keeping an eye on future changes for other sources of EXP that these players help earn , like Baron , Dragon and Turret kills .
The changes listed below address this problem by adding additional XP on champion takedowns specifically for players who significantly lag behind their team . We also are slightly tuning up the “ underdog ” bonus on kill XP - the bonus from scoring a takedown on champions who are higher level than you . Essentially , if you outplay someone who is more powerful than you are , you should receive some amount of increased reward for your action .
Changes
Teamwork Bonus : Bonus XP has been added on champion takedown ( kill or assist ) for players who are behind their team in level . The amount of bonus XP scales with how far behind your team you are
The bonus starts kicking in when you are just over one full level behind .
By two full levels ' difference , you get an additional ~25 % of your share of the base kill experience . The bonus reaches its max value when you are 4 levels behind your team 's average , giving an additional 60 % of your share of the base kill experience .
We put a limit of 60 % on the maximum size of the bonus to prevent extreme slingshotting
Underdog Bonus : XP bonus for takedowns ( kill or assist ) on champions higher level than you has been increased . Expect around 10 % extra XP if you are 4 levels behind your opponent . ''
Miscellaneous
Balance Changes * Remember * : The PBE is a testing ground for new , tentative , and sometimes radical or experimental changes . Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that did n't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle ! These are not official notes .
* : The PBE is a testing ground for new , tentative , and sometimes radical or experimental changes . Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that did n't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle ! These areofficial notes .
Previous 0-2 tier mark change reverted . ricklessabandon noted changes will return in 7.5 cycle .
Masteries
Ferocity Tier 6
Jessie Vigil 's black-and-white car sports a red-and-blue emergency bar across the top and the word `` police '' painted on the doors . Vigil , however , is n't a cop . Law enforcement agencies say what he 's done with their car is n't illegal as long as they do n't act like a police officer .
They started decorating their 2007 Ford Mustang last summer to look like the police cruiser in the `` Transformers '' movie because their 7-year-old son , Thomas , was fond of the film .
`` My intent was to re-create the movie car , '' said Vigil , a 35-year-old disabled veteran from the war in Iraq . `` When I came back from Iraq , I tried to spoil him . I was n't the best dad before . ''
They said they called the district attorney 's office beforehand and spoke to Chief Deputy District Attorney Joe Ulibarri , who tried to discourage their decorating scheme but could n't find anything in the law that would stop Vigil as long as they did n't impersonate an officer .
Ulibarri said a state law prevents people from mimicking state police cars , which are painted black and white . But they also said the state police sell their old cars to private citizens without changing the colors .
`` Are we violating our own law by not repainting them ? '' they asked .
They called the state law vague , and noted that normal state police cars are n't Mustangs .
`` I do n't think this guy has any intent to mimic a state police officer , '' Ulibarri said . `` I 'm not hearing that they are causing a problem and arresting people . ''
A close look shows Vigil 's car is n't a police cruiser . Instead of the familiar slogan `` To protect and serve , '' it carries a motto : `` To punish and enslave '' on the side . Instead of telling people to dial 911 for emergencies , the Mustang advises them to `` dial 411 for theater information . ''
They originally marked their car , `` Transformers police '' but later changed it to just `` police . '' They also added what appears to be a bar of emergency lights , but said they 're not actual lights .
Vigil acknowledged people have mixed feelings about their car .
State police Capt . Craig Martin said the agency is `` concerned for the safety of people who think they are an officer and think they may get help from him .
`` People around town know who they are , but not those people on the interstate . ''
[ Via - WRAL ]
Judges overturn libel verdict over bad review given Irish pizzeria
Overdosed ! Requiem for a Departing Economic System
Are Smart People Drawn To The Arts Or Does Arts Training Make People Smarter ?
Them French Just Do n't Know How To Make Money
10 Totally Stupid Online Business Ideas That Made Someone Rich
The marijuana movement has been practically unstoppable for two decades now . Since 1996 , nearly two dozen states have legalized the use of marijuana for medicinal purposes , and four states ( along with Washington D.C. ) now allow adults over the age of 21 to purchase marijuana for recreational purposes in licensed dispensaries . The thought of this would have been nothing short of laughable even as recently as a decade ago .
Access to medical marijuana means new potential treatment pathways for patients with glaucoma and certain types of terminal cancers . For states legalizing retail marijuana , it means added revenue that 's primarily being used to fund education , bolster law enforcement , and go toward drug awareness programs .
This state is blazing its own trail
But 2016 is looking as if it 'll be marijuana 's most important year yet . Recreational marijuana initiatives could find their way onto as many as a dozen state ballots , with Nevada being the first state already confirmed to have an initiative on its November ballot . However , one state appears ready to blaze its own trail when it comes to legalizing recreational marijuana .
According to a recent article from The Washington Post , Vermont is angling to become the first state to legalize recreational marijuana without putting it to vote on a ballot initiative or referendum . In other words , Vermont 's Governor , Peter Shumlin ( D ) , could be looking for legislators within the state to legalize recreational marijuana without voters having their say .
The move should n't come as too much of a surprise , since Vermont decriminalized marijuana in 2013 . Decriminalizing marijuana does n't mean smoking or possessing marijuana is legal -- law enforcement can still fine adults over age 21 caught in possession of marijuana and seize the drug , as well as arrest those with excessive amounts of marijuana or persons under the age of 21 caught in possession of the drug . However , decriminalization is typically viewed as the telltale step prior to a recreational marijuana initiative .
Vermont 's pathway to legalization could become a model for other states
However , some of the key requirements that Shumlin wants to outline in any passed marijuana laws are unique .
For example , recreational legalization in Vermont would n't include marijuana edibles . The concern with marijuana edibles is that they 're incredibly difficult to regulate . It 's tough to ensure the quality and content of THC in edibles remains consistent , it 's difficult for law enforcement officers to do their job if they ca n't tell what foods do and do not contain marijuana , and it 's much easier for edibles to fall into the hands of adolescents . Another of Shumlin 's key points is that recreational marijuana laws need to be designed to keep adolescents from purchasing marijuana .
Another interesting point is that Vermont would look to strength its existing DUI laws . One of the biggest issues with marijuana 's legalization is the potential effect THC can have on a driver 's impairment . As we examined last week , Hound Labs is in the process of testing a breathalyzer that can measure THC content in a user , which , if approved , could wind up helping law enforcement in a big way by getting impaired drivers off the roads and ensuring law enforcement does n't arrest non-impaired drivers . Vermont could be a model for other states by setting harsh DUI laws with the assistance of Hound Labs ' devices .
Lastly , it 's interesting that Shumlin 's focus will only be on taxing marijuana at `` modest '' levels , as opposed to Colorado and Washington , which are taxing the product fairly aggressively . Oregon is probably the best model when it comes to competing against the black market because of the infrastructure that was in place well before voters chose to legalize recreational marijuana in 2014 . However , Shumlin believes that keeping taxes low could drive a stake through the heart of the black market by making the legal product more cost-competitive .
Little victories do n't guarantee a big reward
Unfortunately for potential investors , regardless of what Vermont 's legislators choose to do in 2016 , it does n't look as if marijuana legislation at the federal level will be changing much if at all .
One key victory for marijuana supporters in 2015 was the Obama administration loosening the regulations tied to medical marijuana research . Beyond this , though , marijuana regulations at the federal level have been at a veritable standstill .
The big worry for Congress remains the overall safety profile of marijuana . There 's seemingly no end to the conflicting reports of marijuana 's risks and benefits , and lawmakers want to ensure they have as encompassing a view of the drug as possible before they decide its fate at the federal level . Let 's also mention that we 're in the midst of an election cycle , and few politicians are likely willing to go out on a limb when it comes to marijuana legislation until after the elections are over .
What this means is more hardship for marijuana-based businesses , and thus few growth opportunities for investors . As it stands now , federal law still views the marijuana plant as illegal . This view generally keeps banking institutions on the sidelines for fear of federal prosecution , meaning marijuana businesses have minimal access to credit lines or even basic banking functions . It also means that marijuana-based businesses ca n't take normal business deductions on their taxes since they 're selling a federally illegal substance . Altogether these challenges could be bad news for investors looking to profit from marijuana in 2016 .
It 's always possible that the marijuana industry could come through in a big way for individual investors , but the first step would be some form of decriminalization or rescheduling of marijuana at the federal level . Until we see signs that Capitol Hill is ready to change its stance , it 's probably in your best interests to keep your money far away from marijuana stocks .
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December , 2015 November , 2015 October , 2015 September , 2015 August , 2015 July , 2015 June , 2015 May , 2015 April , 2015 March , 2015 February , 2015 January , 2015
Bloomberg Businessweek 's Mormon cover
The folks at Bloomberg Businessweek sent over a mock-up of the cover for their next issue , featuring the exclusive cover story “ Latter-day Lucre : How the Mormon Church Makes Its Billions ” by Caroline Winter :
Here 's the context ... Image is from an 1898 lithograph of “ The Youthful Prophet , Joseph Smith , Jr. , and Oliver Cowdery , Receiving the Aaronic Priesthood Under the Hands of John the Baptist , May 15 , 1829 . Recording a pivotal moment in the birth of Mormonism . ”
Though in this case , the directive is : `` And thou shalt build a shopping mall , own stock in Burger King and open a Polynesian theme park in Hawaii that shall be largely exempt from the frustrations of tax . ''
I thinks some controversy is en route .
According to data provided by a representative on behalf of Rethink Robotics , Standby Screw Machine is one of more than 20 Ohio customers the company added in the past year . Rethink Robotics is one of the companies making so-called collaborative robots , which can be used safely without barriers around it . Standby Screw Machine , which did not disclose its annual revenue , makes precision turned parts for industries including outdoor power products . The company spent the equivalent of about $ 30,000 on each of its Baxter robots , sales manager Drew Rabkewych said in an email . The Baxter robots are used for packaging — one actually picks up the pieces fed to it by an industrial robot — and for milling and moving certain parts .
Standby Screw Machine has nearly 400 employees , about 150 in Berea and the rest in a plant in China . It also has nine robots , either already installed or on the way — four , with a fifth planned for August , in Berea , and two , with two more on order , in China . While Standby Screw Machine 's industrial robots have to be kept in cage-like cells , the collaborative Baxter robots can be placed in employee spaces . Marcell demonstrated how an employee could even bump the machine without harm , since it pauses if something unexpected is touching it . The company 's robots have helped to keep the company globally competitive , consolidating operations and reducing the possibility of human error . The robots even added capacity to the plant , Marcell said . They said the company always needs to make things faster and less expensively , and it will continue to find ways to automate and streamline its processes . Robots also will play an important role in the highly automated contract manufacturing plant that Randy Theken , founder of the NextStep family of companies , intends to open next year . They said they plan to use robots to more accurately inspect finished parts made by 3-D printers , as well as perform milling and turning operations . Robots do n't get tired , they said , and can often perform more efficiently and effectively than humans . “ We believe that there are a lot of mundane tasks that are performed in the manufacturing arena , ” Theken said . In the automotive industry , which has been using robots in its plants for decades , the machines have helped ease the demands on employees . “ It 's really a support-the-operator strategy , ” said Al McLaughlin , plant manager for General Motors ' Parma Metal Center . Robots were first used in body shops and assembly plants , where there were many parts to handle and weld , McLaughlin said . Today , they said the Parma plant often uses robots for welding , material handling and structural adhesives , which need to be precise .
I heard some where that when you eat toilet paper it expands in your stomach and it makes you unhungry . So you lose weight without being hungry . I would like to know if it 's true . Oh and by the way , I am not going to do this , just heard about it and it made me curious Oh and the reason I am asking in this ...
I heard some where that when you eat toilet paper it expands in your stomach and it makes you unhungry .
So you lose weight without being hungry .
I would like to know if it 's true .
Oh and by the way , I am not going to do this , just heard about it and it made me curious
Oh and the reason I am asking in this section is cuz it 's the best !
And cuz it always has helpful people with helpful answers .
Admiral Michael Rogers does n't lay complete responsibility at the doorstep of the NSA . New NSA chief : Agency has lost trust
The NSA has lost the trust of the American people as a result of the Edward Snowden leaks , and needs to be more transparent to gain it back , the NSA 's new director said Wednesday in their first public comments since taking control of the embattled spy agency .
“ I tell the [ NSA ] workforce out there as the new guy , let 's be honest with each other , the nation has lost a measure of trust in us , ” Admiral Michael Rogers told a conference of the Women in Aerospace conference in Crystal City , Va .
Story Continued Below
In the future , they said , “ If we make a mistake , you will hear about it . That 's my job as director and I have no problem with it . … We are not going to hide our mistakes . ”
( Also on POLITICO : Surveillance orders declined in 2013 )
“ The whole media leaks issue as we call it , has caused quite a stir , ” said Rogers , who was sworn in as director of NSA and assumed command of U.S. Cyber Command at the beginning of April .
Rogers did n't lay complete responsibility at the doorstep of the NSA : They blamed public mistrust on the way the newsmedia had framed the issues raised in the Snowden revelations .
“ From my perspective the debate and the dialogue to date have been very uneven , ” they said .
“ Your neighbors are saying to you : ‘ Man , I 've been listening about you on the TV and reading about you in the papers and I had no idea what a bad person you are , ' ” they joked .
They said the NSA and its staff had to work to “ earn and sustain ” Americans ' trust , but could not be too open about the work of the ultra-secret agency , which specializes in electronic eavesdropping and other surveillance using the latest high technology .
“ I believe in transparency and I will be as transparent as possible , but I also have to be mindful that in doing so I can not undermine the specifics of what we 're doing ” to protect the country , they said .
“ To do that [ be transparent ] I have to get out of my comfort zone , ” they acknowledged . “ I have to walk that tightrope . ”
During a Q & A , Rogers told the conference that one of the biggest challenges of going to war in cyberspace is that humans just ca n't think or act quickly enough when attacks can take down a network at the speed of light .
“ At the speed and the size and the complexity of this , if the fundamental premise of our defensive structure is we need a man in the loop , that makes agility , that makes responsiveness really hard , ” they said .
“ Help us automate ” the work of cyber-offense and cyber-defense they told the audience of industry executives and military officials .
“ One of the things we have to figure out is where does a man in the loop make sense and where do we need to automate , ” they said .
They also asked industry to help the agency develop new technology for what military types call “ situational awareness ” — that 's “ knowing what 's going on ” to the rest of us .
“ We have got to be able to visualize these networks that we 're defending in a way that makes possible effective as well as efficient decision making . ”
They noted that , as a commander walking onto the bridge of a ship , “ I 've got a visual display that through symbology , color and other things , I 've been trained to interpret to give me a sense … of how the domain looks around me to enable me to start making decisions . ”
“ I need us to do exactly the same thing with the cyber world , ” they said .
Wrapping up their remarks , they urged the attendees at the event to “ network and meet new people . ”
Women in Aerospace is a nonprofit founded in 1985 dedicated to “ expanding women 's opportunities for leadership and increasing their visibility in the aerospace community , ” according to its website .
“ Take advantage of the opportunity to gain insight from the men and women around you , ” said Rogers , “ Because you never know when you 're going to be in a position to harness that . ”
Harry Redknapp has urged Raheem Sterling to sign a new Liverpool contract , adding that the forward is lucky to be at Anfield .
The 20-year-old is still to sign a new long-term deal with the 18-time English champions despite the Merseyside club expressing a desire to secure Sterling 's long-term Anfield future .
ou are lucky to be playing at a club like Liverpool . Get your nut down , do your job , and the rewards will keep coming Harry Redknapp
The England international , who is is reported to be demanding £150,000-a-week , has been linked with a move to Liverpool 's Premier League rivals Chelsea and Manchester City , as well as Bayern Munich and Real Madrid .
Former Queens Park Rangers and Tottenham Hotspur manager Redknapp believes Sterling should end the speculation surrounding their future and put pen to paper on a new extended deal .
“ Sign your contract . You are at a great club , you are playing regularly , you have become an England international , you 're learning the game , ” Redknapp told talkSPORT .
“ Have another two or three years of playing as you are now , keep taking your game on and you will get the rewards . The money is there anyway , but you will be up there with the top earners in the world in another two or three years if you keep progressing .
“ You are at a fantastic club , one of the best football clubs in the world . You are lucky to be playing at a club like Liverpool . Get your nut down , do your job , and the rewards will keep coming . ”
Sterling , who was poached by Liverpool from Queens Park Rangers as a teenager , has scored six goals and has made seven assists in 28 Premier League appearances this season .
MORE : Read the latest Liverpool player tweets
The Reds forward 's current deal runs until 2017 after Sterling agreed a deal with the club after having become an established first-team player in 2012 .
A Sydney labourer , who unleashed a torrent of explicit abuse online after a screen shot of a woman 's Tinder profile was uploaded to Facebook , told police they were drunk and unaware that trolling was a crime , court documents show .
Zane Alchin , 25 , from Caringbah in Sydney 's south , has dropped their fight against the charge of using a carriage service to menace , harass or offend . Their lawyer , Pierre de Dassel , entered a plea of guilty on their behalf in the Downing Centre Local Court on Monday .
Zane Alchin leaving the Downing Centre Local Court this week . Credit : Nick Moir
The offence occurred after Chris Hall , 31 , posted a screen shot of Sydney woman Olivia Melville 's Tinder dating profile to Facebook in August 2015 .
Ms Melville 's Tinder profile included a picture of them and Canadian hip hop artist Drake 's lyrics : `` Type of girl who will suck you dry and then eat some lunch with you '' .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man who allegedly livestreamed themselves raping dogs was left naked and beaten in the street after an animal vigilante group lured them into a trap .
The unnamed man also reportedly charged customers 50 RMB ( £5 ) to beat the dogs before having sex with them , while broadcasting the abusive content live to thousands of viewers .
Dog lovers first noticed the horrific streams three weeks ago , and tracked the man to southwestern China 's Sichuan province , where they reportedly found them running a dog brothel .
A number of vigilantes chatted with the man for several days before luring them into a trap when they arranged to meet for a chat `` about theirs `` hobby '' .
( Image : CEN )
The man was met by dozens of activists who immediately set upon him .
Dramatic footage shows the man sprawled completely naked in the street after being dragged from their home .
The furious mob then surrounds them and begin kicking and punching them in front of shocked onlookers .
As the man was beaten , activists held up banners claiming they had sexually assaulted female dogs and was running a sick dog brothel .
Among the banners was one that read : “ Pervert sexually assaulted female dogs , going against morality , '' according to Chinese newspaper People 's Daily .
( Image : CEN )
Undercover activists had contacted the man after they started posting animal abuse videos and had offered members of a Chengdu chat group the chance to “ rape female dogs in a way that serves us all ” .
When the activists met the man , they took their clothes off for a demonstration but ended up in the street being beaten .
The beating was eventually stopped when local residents called police and the man was taken to hospital for treatment .
According to reports citing local authorities , the man can not be charged for abusing the dogs , which were all strays .
( Image : CEN )
There are , however , grounds for investigating them for the content they streamed online .
As for the angry mob , police said their actions would also be investigated , but no arrests have been made so far .
Meanwhile the dogs were taken to an animal shelter where they were put up for adoption .
Bitcoin remittance startup BitPesa has lost one of its board members following their appointment to a government position .
Nairobi tech news site TechMoran reported today that Joe Mucheru , who previously served in a regional leadership role for Google , is stepping down from BitPesa 's board and is divesting their shares in a bid to remove any conflicts of interest in their role as head of the Kenyan Ministry of Information , Communications and Technology .
Mucheru was named to the post in November , according to local reports , a move that came amid a reshuffling of President Uhuru Kenyatta 's cabinet .
Mucheru told TechMoran :
“ I 've formally resigned from the board of BitPesa and I 've put my shares on sale . The process is ongoing . ”
According to the publication , Mucheru is also divesting an ownership stake in a home entertainment firm called Wananchi Group .
When reached for comment , BitPesa co-founder and CEO Elizabeth Rossielo confirmed the departure .
“ Joe Mucheru has been an essential part of BitPesa 's story from the beginning and we wish them all the very best on this next stage in their career , ” they told CoinDesk .
BitPesa , which last year raised $ 1.1m in funding , is seeking to disrupt the region 's remittance market by using bitcoin . The startup currently serves consumers in Kenya , Nigeria , Tanzania and Uganda .
However , firm is currently a party in a lawsuit involving money network M-Pesa operator Safaricom and Lipisha , a payments gateway based in Kenya .
Last month , a judge ruled that the suit can move ahead months after M-Pesa cut off access to Lipisha and , as a result , BitPesa , citing the latter 's work with digital currency .
Image via Shutterstock
Foreign ministers from Nigeria and neighbouring countries have met to discuss Boko Haram as the militants ' rapid land grab intensifies in the far north-east , raising fears for regional security .
The one-day meeting of representatives from Benin , Cameroon , Chad and Niger also includes officials from the US , Britain , France and Canada plus the African Union and UN .
Nigeria 's ministry of foreign affairs said the talks were aimed at reviewing progress of earlier meetings in Paris and London as well as the Africa summit held in the US last month .
In particular , it would examine `` the extent of foreign assistance , including efforts by the Nigerian government , in the continued fight to … rout the Boko Haram insurgency '' , it added .
Regional powers vowed to play a greater role against the Islamists after the mass kidnapping of more than 200 girls from their school in north-east Nigeria in April , which caused global outrage .
International powers sent intelligence and surveillance specialists and equipment to Abuja to help trace the missing teenagers , 217 of whom are still being held captive .
But nearly five months on from the abduction , western diplomats have indicated that there has been little progress , despite a claim from Nigeria 's military that they had located the girls .
Recent weeks have seen Boko Haram take and hold swaths of territory in north-east Nigeria , with the military seemingly unable to check their advance .
On Monday , residents said the militants had captured the town of Bama , 45 miles ( 70km ) from the Borno state capital , Maiduguri , sending hundreds of soldiers fleeing . Top brass disputed the claim and maintained that they were still in control .
The attack led to fears that Boko Haram has Maiduguri in its sights and aims to make it the centre of a separate , hardline Islamic state .
Andrew Noakes , co-ordinator of the Nigeria Security Network of analysts , warned that the government was losing control of vast parts of the north-east and a looming humanitarian crisis .
`` Unless swift action is taken , Nigeria could be facing a rapid takeover of a large area of its territory reminiscent of Isis 's lightning advances in Iraq , '' they said .
`` If Borno falls to Boko Haram , parts of [ neighbouring ] Yobe and Adamawa [ states ] can be expected to follow . Parts of Cameroon along the border area would also probably be overrun . ''
In Maiduguri , where thousands of people have fled violence from across Borno , residents said they were preparing for the worst . `` We live in fear of a possible Boko Haram attack on Maiduguri because of the speed with which they are taking over towns and villages , '' said one , Babagana Kolo . `` Our concern is soldiers are not able to stop Boko Haram , who take delight in killing people . ''
Boko Haram has been blamed for thousands of deaths since 2009 but in recent weeks has changed tactics , shifting from indiscriminate and retaliatory hit-and-run attacks to seizing strategic territory .
In a video obtained by AFP on 24 August , the group 's leader Abubakar Shekau claimed that the town of Gwoza in Borno state was now part of an Islamic caliphate .
The group is now thought to hold a number of towns in an arc running from the Lake Chad area of north-east Borno , around the eastern border with Cameroon , to the south of the state .
It also reportedly holds at least one town in neighbouring Yobe and Adamawa states . Independent corroboration is impossible because of communication and travel difficulties . The government has officially denied ceding territory .
Nigeria has repeatedly played up what it says is the regional aspect of the insurgency , blaming foreign fighters and overseas funding for the violence .
But while some foreign mercenaries may form part of the guerrilla ranks and violence has spilt across borders , some analysts say a wider military response risks internationalising the conflict .
After confirming with Google , we 've learned that Android Pay for Android Wear will not function if your paired smartphone has an unlocked bootloader . This is not surprising , but it is disappointing nonetheless . This is despite the fact that we know the actual Wear app runs totally independently on the smartwatch , with the phone at most acting as a data pipe over Bluetooth . But the phone is integral in the actual setup process for Pay , and we suspect this may be where the limitation comes into play .
If you have an unlocked bootloader , the Android Pay app on your phone wo n't even let you add a card , and setup will fail , notifying you that your device is unsecured . Which is to say , this is 100 % intentional behavior . Even if your connected Wear device does have a locked bootloader , the phone 's bootloader status apparently is enough to be an issue .
We 've asked Google why this is and if this limitation will be permanent . The answer we received during our time with Google checking out the new LG Watch Style and Sport was not encouraging in this regard . There was a lot of vague discussion about how the payment networks are very strict about this sort of thing , and that it 's out of Google 's control , but we did n't get anything in the way of specifics or , more importantly , any indication that Google was interested in addressing this .
Re-locking your bootloader will , of course , fix this . Granted , that means wiping your phone , which is exactly why so many people have complained about this problem in the first place . Long story short , if you want Android Pay on your phone or otherwise , you should lock your bootloader . We 've asked Google for a more detailed explanation , so hopefully we 'll at least have some of the reasoning to give you soon enough .
Life expectancy has risen steadily in recent years , with the average American now living for close to 80 years . But that 's nothing compared to the lifespans of people mentioned in the Bible .
According to Genesis , Noah 's grandfather , Methuselah , lived the longest , at 969 years of age , with others , including Adam and their kin , not far behind . But even lesser biblical lifespans are astronomical by today 's standards . Abraham reportedly lived to 175 ; Moses to 120 .
As incredible as these ages seem , they signify the Jewish people 's earliest fascination with long life — a history reflected today by the common Jewish blessing , “ May you live until 120 . ”
That goal is rapidly becoming a reality for many Jews . According to British census data , Jews live an average of five to six years longer than their gentile counterparts , and there may be nearly three times as many Jewish centenarians as in the general U.K. population .
Similar American data is not available because the U.S. census is prohibited from asking about religious affiliation . But older age is a reality for many in the American Jewish community — according to the most recent National Jewish Population Survey data , 19 % of U.S. Jews are over 65 , and 9 % are older than 75 .
Improved health care undoubtedly plays a role in the renewed longevity of modern-day Jews . But DNA could be involved , too .
“ We know that the Ashkenazi Jewish population… tends to live longer , ” said Dr. Winifred Rossi , deputy director of geriatrics and clinical gerontology at the National Institute on Aging . “ They do n't get cardiovascular problems like in other populations . ”
To better understand this phenomenon , Dr. Nir Barzilai , director of the Institute for Aging Research at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine , has been studying hundreds of Ashkenazi Jews from the New York area who have been living well into their 90s and 100s .
Their work over the past decade has revealed three genetic connections that , in part , explain the exceptional longevity of these modern-day Methuselahs . One common DNA sequence increases “ good ” cholesterol levels two to three times higher than average ; another slows metabolism by mildly quieting the thyroid gland ; and a third alters a human growth hormone to protect from cancer , diabetes and other age-related diseases .
Most recently , Barzilai 's team showed that Jewish centenarians and their offspring maintain longer telomeres , the caps on the tips of chromosomes that help protect people from age-related diseases such as cancer . And this August , Barzilai and their colleagues reported in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society that Jews who make it past 95 have dietary habits and levels of alcohol consumption and physical activity similar to their shorter-lived counterparts — suggesting that genes for exceptional longevity could do more than behavior to support long life .
“ They were protected by their genes , ” Barzilai said . “ Not the environment . ”
It 's not just Ashkenazi Jews who seem to have a genetic propensity for long life , either . New research indicates that Ecuadorian villagers who likely descended from Sephardi Jews are also genetically protected from diseases linked to aging .
The residents of the isolated community , from the mountains of Loja Province in southern Ecuador , share two notable things : surnames typical of conversos — Jews who converted to Christianity under great pressure during the Spanish Inquisition — and a genetic mutation that blocks the uptake of growth hormone .
This mutation means that many of the villagers are very small , generally shorter than three and a half feet tall — but that 's not the gene 's only effect . By studying the population 's health records for more than a decade , a team led by Valter Longo , a professor of gerontology at the University of Southern California , showed that the dwarfism-related gene also shields the villagers from cancer and diabetes .
Since publishing the findings in February in Science Translational Medicine , the researchers have been studying whether the mutation protects these people from Alzheimer 's and heart disease , too . According to Longo , this knowledge should help researchers devise drugs that mimic the effects of the Ecuadorian mutation .
“ We are translating this knowledge into a pharmacological intervention , ” Longo said . They noted that the drugmaker Pfizer has a compound called Somavert that blocks growth hormone receptors with effects similar to the mutation in the Ecuadorian population . Although the drug is currently only approved to treat people with pituitary gland defects , Longo envisions variants of the medicine that might help otherwise healthy people live longer .
“ We have the potential to extend healthy life in the not too distant future by having a sophisticated anti-aging approach , ” they said .
Such a medical intervention would be welcomed by Rabbi Dayle Friedman , head of the Center for Aging and Judaism at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College in Wyncote , Pa. “ One could only support innovation that can foster life that is more whole , comfortable and better , ” they said .
That 's ultimately the direction the scientific field is heading toward , many experts agree — and the research on the various Jewish communities is helping to make that possible .
“ Some people understandably believe God put us on this earth for a certain amount of time , and we should accept that , ” said Donald Ingram , head of the nutritional neuroscience and aging laboratory at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge , La . “ But we do n't accept that . ”
Contact Allison Gaudet Yarrow at yarrow @ forward.com
This story `` May You Live Until 120 : DNA Uncovers Secrets To Jewish Longevity '' was written by Allison Gaudet Yarrow .
University of Houston officials hope a deal worth up to $ 25 million will transform its Energy Research Park into a regional startup hub that eventually will pump jobs into the Houston economy and attract venture capital that state leaders crave .
As part of the deal , announced Thursday , three private investors - who came together to form the Texas Collegiate Regional Center - will put up $ 15 million for a new building at the research park near UH 's main campus to house laboratories and startup businesses .
The group , which also will seek money from other investors , will put another $ 3 million to $ 10 million into UH-created technologies . The investors will help UH select inventions that are easily marketable ; UH 's research park , in turn , will provide space for outside startups also funded by the group .
The goal is to create a Gulf Coast version of Silicon Valley , which feeds heavily off Stanford University in Palo Alto , Calif .
`` The benefit is enormous , '' said Rathindra Bose , UH vice president for research . `` If we 're going to create another 10 , 15 , 20 companies in the next five years , then each of these companies will be employing folks . I think this is going to have an economic impact for the city of Houston and also for the state of Texas . ''
A growing number of Texas public universities have launched such incubators in hopes of commercializing technology created by students and faculty , a common strategy on the east and west coasts .
UH 's partnership comes as state officials look to boost venture capital investments in Texas . Just 5 percent of venture capital investment in emerging companies occurs in Texas , even though the state accounts for 9 percent of U.S. economic activity .
Skin cancer detector
The state faces a `` chicken and egg '' situation when it comes to luring venture capital , said Craig Casselberry , president of the nonprofit Texas Coalition for Capital . It 's difficult to attract investors without strong , young companies with growth potential , but it 's hard to get businesses going without funding , Casselberry said .
University incubators can play a critical role in attracting investment . Startups at universities are far more successful than others at bringing in funding . Jon Brumley Texas Venture Labs at the University of Texas at Austin , for instance , sees about 50 percent of its startups get some sort of investment . The rate for small businesses trying to make it without such support is just 1 percent , Casselberry said .
Last year , UH brought in more than $ 15 million in capital from 26 licenses and has a number of other technologies headed to market , Bose said . Those include an iPhone app that can detect skin cancer with 85 percent accuracy and a microscopic coating so protective you could spill wine on a white shirt and not see a trace of red . The coating also could protect solar cells from sun and rain damage .
`` UH is in an excellent position , '' Bose said `` We thought we should really take a leading role in translating our technology from the lab to the marketplace . ''
The Texas Collegiate Regional Center consists of three entrepreneurs : David Franklin , an executive vice president at Consumer Media Network ; Huan Le , a Houston native and entrepreneur who is general counsel for software company DiCentral and co-founder of cloud-based electronic medical records service Medifr ; and James Tao , a longtime investor in the San Francisco Bay area and a managing partner at Presidio Venture Capital . The three also run Houston Health Ventures , which invests in health care technology .
UH-created technology
Under the deal , an investment board , with appointees from both the Texas Collegiate Regional Center and UH , will select which technologies to fund . Initially , each project likely will get $ 250,000 to $ 1 million .
The Texas Collegiate Regional Center , meanwhile , will raise money from domestic and foreign investors . That money will be invested in UH-created technologies , but the group also may spend some on non-UH technologies to diversify its portfolio . UH may invest only in UH technologies under the agreement but will open up its new facilities to some outside companies .
Renu Khator , UH System chancellor and president , said the benefits will build over time . `` Developing a more entrepreneurial culture promotes UH 's overall academic and research mission to create new knowledge for the good of society , '' Khator said . `` Ideally , the revenues from this arrangement will be used to support additional research that leads to even more innovation . ''
Functional Programming
Functional Programming is programming with functions . So much so obvious . But if the only thing you can do is creating and applying pure ( side effect free ) functions to jet more functions , how can you actually write useful programs ? In imperative languages like C , every statement you write , changes the state of the program and often the state of the real world . So performing IO , which is nothing short of changing the state of the real world , is trivial .
How can functional languages do this . One possibility is to allow some functions to perform side effects . This is the approach of languages like Lisp . Another approach is to keep the language itself free of side effects , and outsource side effects into the type system . To make this practical , there needs to be mechanism to combine small effectfull computations into larger ones and eventually into whole applications that perform actual work . The mechanism that languages like Haskell use is Monads , a concept from category theory . In this series of posts I 'll try to explain what monads are , how to use them in your code and how they solve the IO problem .
Functors
When you implement a data structure like lists or trees in Haskell , you might want to consider making that structure an instance of the typeclass functor . A functor is basically something you can map over . Lispers know about the map functions ( mapcar , mapcan , maplist , ... ) that allow you to apply a function to every element in a list . In Haskell this concept works for every data structure that is a functor . Lets look at this implementation of a binary tree and its functor instance :
10 Healthy Homemade Dog Food Recipes and Organic Treats
CanDogsEat-This.com participates in various affiliate programs . If readers choose to buy our selected editorial picks , we will sometimes earn a commission . ( It 's one of the ways we keep the lights on basically . ☺ )
More and more dogs are becoming susceptible to the ingredients that you find in modern commercial dog foods .
If you do not carefully consider the type of dog food you buy , your dog may end up developing heat rashes and dry skin – one of the tell-tale sign of food induced allergies . ( There are other reasons for scratching of course , namely ticks and fleas . )
The reason for this is that many commercial dog foods contain meat byproducts , fillers , and other low cost ingredients that are not very healthy .
As the adage goes , ‘ you are what you eat ' . The same goes for your dog , only they do not get a say in the matter .
Switching to organic dog food brands is obviously a really good move to make . There are also many organic dog treats available . However , all of this can become expensive .
That 's where this list of 10 Healthy Organic Dog Food Recipes comes in .
With homemade recipes you can save money by making your dog 's meals and snacks yourself . More importantly you know exactly what your dog is eating .
Furthermore , most homemade dog treats keep for a week or more , and you can freeze homemade dog food , so you always have some cheap , healthy alternatives on hand for your pooch .
But I have rambled enough – “ get on with the list of recipes already ” I hear you cry . So here they are…
Healthy Dog Food Recipes
1 . Turkey and Vegetable Dinner
A basic dog food recipe that is packed with turkey protein goodness and vegetables for added vitamins and minerals . Turkey contains less fat than beef , making this an ideal recipe if you feel your pup could do with losing a few pounds .
Ingredients 4 cups of water
1 pound of ground up turkey
2 cups of brown rice , ( far healthier than white rice ) .
rice , ( far healthier than white rice ) . 1 cup of carrots , chopped
1 cup of green beans , chopped
1 tablespoon of fish oil ( optional )
Preparation You need to make sure that the ground turkey is cooked in a non-stick skillet . Set the oven to a medium heat , and leave until the meat is cooked right through . Add the brown rice , turkey , and water to a large pot and bring to a boil . Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook an additional 15 minutes , or until the rice is soft and tender . Add the carrots and green beans and cook for an additional 5 to 10 minutes , until the vegetables are tender . Allow to cool before serving . You can store extra dinners in the fridge for up to five days .
CDET Tip : Do not use heavy oil to brown the turkey . Such oil contains high fat content and it could upset your dog 's stomach .
2 . Beef Stew
This version of beef stew is absolutely ideal for dogs and includes meat for protein , vegetables for vitamins , and gravy for flavor . You can see this as a great healthy alternative to wet commercial dog food .
Ingredients 1 pound of beef stew meat
1 small sweet potato
1/2 cup of carrots , diced
1/2 cup of green beans , diced
1/2 cup of flour
1/2 cup of water or organic vegetable oil , plus 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil for frying
Preparation Cook the sweet potato in a microwave for 5 to 8 minutes until firm but tender . Set aside . No matter the size of your pooch , you should ensure that the stew pieces are sliced into small manageable chunks , about the size of a nickel . Cook the stew pieces in a tablespoon of vegetable oil over medium heat for 10-15 minutes or until well-done . Remove the beef chunks from the pan . Keep hold of the drippings . Dice up the sweet potato . Heat the drippings over medium-low heat . Slowly add flour and water into the dripping while whisking to create a thick gravy , ( I do n't know about you but my mouth is watering ) Add the meat , sweet potato , carrots , and green beans into the gravy and stir to coat . Cook until the carrots are tender – about 10 minutes . Stand the dish aside to cool before serving to your dog . You can store the remaining stew in the fridge for up to five days .
CDET TIP : To save prep time you can always purchase pre-made gravy at your local health food store .
3 . Chicken Casserole
Good old chicken . Dogs love it and it is a good source of healthy protein . This recipe also contains lots of vegetables for essential nutrients . Green beans are a flavoursome addition to the mix and help promote a healthy intestinal tract .
Ingredients 4 chicken breasts
1/2 cup of green beans , chopped
1/2 cup of carrots , chopped
1/2 cup of broccoli , chopped
1/2 cup rolled oats .
4 cups of low-salt chicken broth
Preparation Try to remove the excess fatty part from the chicken breasts , before cutting the chicken into small nickel-sized chunks . Cook the breasts in a non-stick skillet on a medium heat until they show no signs of pinkness . Add the chicken , vegetables , rolled oats , and chicken broth to a large pot and cook over medium heat until the carrots are tender – about 15 minutes . Allow to cool before serving . Store leftover casserole portions in the fridge for up to five days .
CDET TIP : A small amount of olive oil will be a tasty addition to the chicken if you are having trouble keeping the breasts from sticking to the pan while frying .
4 . Doggie Multi Bean Mix
Dogs need large amounts of protein to keep them healthy and active . For the most part your beloved pooch will obtain this protein through the meat that they eat . However , you should n't ignore beans as a healthy alternative source of protein .
This delicious recipe blends chicken , beans , and vegetables to create a healthy and tasty mix .
Ingredients 4 chicken breasts
1 cup of kidney beans , drained
1 cup of black beans , drained
1 cup of carrots , diced
1/2 cup of tomato paste
4 cups of chicken broth
Preparation As with the other chicken recipes , aim to remove the excess fat from the meat and dice the chicken into nickel-sized pieces . Cook the breasts in a non-stick skillet over medium-high heat until no longer pink . Add the chicken , beans , carrots , tomato paste , and chicken broth into a large pot and cook over medium heat until heated through – about 10 minutes . Allow the mixture to cool before serving . You can store the leftover doggie bean mix in the fridge for up to five days .
CDET TIP : Add a 1/2 tablespoon of fish oil to this recipe . The flavor of the bean mix is strong enough to disguise the added healthy ingredient .
5 . Fruit Salad Sensation
Every dog deserves a nice dose of sweetness with a healthy dessert once in a while . This fruit salad mixes low fat dairy and fruit . The result ? Your pup enjoys a tasty treat containing healthy vitamins and a small amount of protein .
Ingredients 1/2 cup plain , non-fat yogurt
1/2 cup of strawberries , diced
1/2 cup of blueberries , diced
1/2 cup of applesauce
Preparation Blend all ingredients in a medium size bowl until the yogurt is smooth and the fruit is well blended . Serve in small amounts . Store in the fridge for up to seven days .
CDET TIP : On days you plan to serve the fruit salad as a doggie desert , reduce the amount of regular food by one half to one cup to keep from over-feeding .
Organic Dog Treat Recipes
The following healthy organic dog treats are made from a variety of fruits , vegetables , whole grains , and meat that your dog will be sure to love . By purchasing organic ingredients , and sticking to low-sugar and low-fat options , you can keep your dog healthy as well .
6 . Chicken Jerky
Homemade chicken jerky treats are a great alternative to store-bought raw hides . Not only are you in control of the source of the meat , ( go for organic farm reared chicken if you can ) , prepared the right way your dog will have tasty jerky that is sufficiently tough and chewy enough to keep them happy and occupied .
Ingredients 2 to 4 chicken breasts
Preparation Preheat the oven to 200 degrees Fahrenheit . Remove any excess fat from the chicken . Turn the chicken breast on its side and use a paring knife to slice the chicken breast into 1/8 inch thick strips . Set the strips on a baking sheet . Bake for 2 hours . Check the chicken before removing from the oven . It should be dry and hard , not soft or chewy . Allow the chicken to cool completely before serving . Store the jerky in an airtight container in the fridge for up to two weeks .
CDET TIP : You can also substitute sweet potatoes for the chicken in this recipe . Sweet potatoes make a healthy , vegetarian alternative .
7 . Peanut Butter Cookies
Most dogs love the taste of peanut butter . The strong flavour also means that a peanut butter based dish is ideal for sneaking in some fish oil into your dog 's diet . Fish oil improves your dog 's coat , making it shiny , soft , and healthier .
Look for organic peanut butter at your grocery store . The problem with more mainstream commercial brands of peanut butter is that they have unhealthy amounts of hydrogenated oils and additives .
Ingredients 2 cups of flour ( white or wheat , if your pup has no wheat allergies )
1 cup of rolled oats
1/3 cup of smooth peanut butter
1 tablespoon of honey
1/2 tablespoon of fish oil
1 1/2 cups of water
Preparation Preheat your oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit . Mix the flour and oats together in a large mixing bowl . Pour in one cup of water and blend until smooth . Add in the peanut butter , honey , and fish oil and mix until all the ingredients are well blended . Slowly add the water until the mixture has a thick and doughy consistency . Lightly flour a cooking surface . Roll the dough onto the cooking surface to create a 1/4 inch thick sheet . Use a cookie cutter to create shapes . Place the cookies onto a baking sheet and bake for 40 minutes . Allow to cool completely before feeding .
CDET TIP : If the dough is too sticky to roll , slowly pad more flour onto the dough ball .
8 . Fruit and Vegetable Strips
This strip recipe is a great ( and cheaper ) alternative to the organic chewy treats sold in pet stores . They also break apart easily making them ideal as training rewards . Fruits and vegetables are rich in vitamin C , which can help boost your dog 's immune system .
Ingredients 1 small sweet potato
1 medium banana
1 cup carrots , minced
1/2 cup unsweetened organic applesauce
2 cups of whole wheat flour ( white if your dog has allergies )
1 cup of rolled oats
1/3 cup of water
Preparation Cook the sweet potato in the microwave for 8 to 10 minutes , or until the insides are soft . Set aside and allow cooling . Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit . Mash the banana and sweet potato in a large mixing bowl with a hand masher until smooth . Add in the carrots , flour , and oats . Slowly add in the applesauce and water while mixing . The ingredients will form a soft dough . Roll the dough on to a lightly floured surface until the dough is 1/8 inch thick . Cut the dough into strips . Cook on a baking sheet for 25 minutes . Store leftover strips in the fridge for up to two weeks .
CDET TIP : Do not worry about overcooking the sweet potato . Softer potatoes will mash easier .
9 . Beef and Vegetable Balls
If your dog prefers a savoury treat rather than sweet , this recipe provides a meaty flavor that they will really enjoy .
Ingredients 2 6-ounce jars of organic beef and vegetable baby food
1 cup of whole-wheat flour ( or white substitute )
2 cups of dry milk
1 cup of water
Preparation Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit . Mix all of the ingredients in a large mixing bowl . Drop the mixture onto a baking sheet in large spoonfuls . Bake for 12 to 15 minutes . Allow to the treats to cool completely . Store leftover beef and vegetable balls in the fridge for up to five days .
CDET TIP : Being meat based . these treats do not keep as well as others . If you only have one dog , you might want to cut the ingredient amount in half .
10 . Frozen Yogurt Pops for Dogs
Some dogs love a frozen treat for the way it feels in their mouth . If this is your dog , then they will definitely dig this little recipe . Made from human grade ingredients that include fruit juice and carrots , these frozen yogurt pops will give your dog a healthy vitamin boost . The low fat yogurt contains calcium and protein which also has added health benefits .
Ingredients 6 oz . container of plain , non-fat frozen yogurt
1 cup of no-sugar added fruit juice
1/2 cup of carrots , minced
Preparation Adds the yogurt , fruit juice , and carrots into a medium-sized bowl . Stir until the ingredients are smooth and well-blended . Drop the mixture into the ice cube trays by spoonful . Freeze until the ingredients are solid .
CDET TIP : Use hard plastic trays instead of the softer rubber ones to make the treats . The treats are easier to remove from a hard tray .
Final Thoughts
While most dogs can handle a variety of different treats fed in small doses , some might get an upset stomach if you switch foods too quickly or too often .
Before you start making your own homemade dog food , it can be a good idea to consult your vet regarding ingredients you wish to use , as some breeds may be more prone to food allergies than others .
After getting your vet 's approval , switch your dog 's food over gradually , slowing mixing in a homemade dish with your regular food over the course of several days .
Have you made homemade dog treats or organic dog food before ? What have the results been like ? We would love to hear about your experiences so go ahead and leave your comments below .
Reviewer : Srajan Ebaen
Financial interests : click here
Sources : 27 '' iMac with 5K Retina display , 4GHz quad-core engine with 4.4GHz turbo boost , 3TB Fusion Drive , 16GB SDRAM , OSX Yosemite , PureMusic 3.01 , Tidal & Qobuz lossless streaming , COS Engineering D1 , AURALiC Vega , Aqua Hifi La Scala MkII , Fore Audio DAISy 1 , Apple iPod Classic 160GB ( AIFF ) , Astell & Kern AK100 modified by Red Wine Audio , Cambridge Audio iD100 , Pro-Ject Dock Box S Digital , Pure i20 , Questyle QP1R
Preamplifier : Nagra Jazz , Esoteric C-03 , Vinnie Rossi LIO ( AVC module ) , COS Engineering D1
Power & integrated amplifiers : Pass Labs XA30.8 ; FirstWatt SIT1 , F5 , F6 , F7 ; S.A.Lab Blackbird SE ; Crayon Audio CFA-1.2 ; Goldmund Job 225 ; Gato Audio DIA-250 ; Aura Note Premier ; Wyred4Sound mINT ; AURALiC Merak [ on loan ] , Gryphon Diablo 300 [ on review ]
Loudspeakers : Albedo Audio Aptica ; EnigmAcoustics Mythology 1 ; Sounddeco Sigma 2 ; soundkaos Wave 40 ; Boenicke Audio W5se ; Zu Audio Submission ; German Physiks HRS-120 ; Eversound Essence ; Gryphon Pantheon [ on review ]
Cables : Complete loom of Zu Event ; KingRex uArt , Zu and LightHarmonic LightSpeed double-header USB cables ; Tombo Trøn S/PDIF ; van den Hul AES/EBU ; AudioQuest Diamond glass-fibre Toslink ; Arkana Research XLR/RCA and speaker cables [ on loan ] ; Sablon Audio Petit Corona power cords [ on loan ] , Black Cat Cable Lupo
Power delivery : Vibex Granada/Alhambra on all components , 5m cords to amp/s + sub
Equipment rack : Artesania Audio Exoteryc double-wide 3-tier with optional glass shelves , Exoteryc Krion and glass amp stands [ on loan ]
Sundry accessories : Acoustic System resonators
Room : Rectangular 5.5 x 15m open floor plan with two-storey gabled ceiling , wood-sleeved steel trusses and stone-over-concrete flooring
Review component retail : $ 385 delivered
Srajan Ebaen : click : 27 '' iMac with 5K Retina display , 4GHz quad-core engine with 4.4GHz turbo boost , 3TB Fusion Drive , 16GB SDRAM , OSX Yosemite , PureMusic 3.01 , Tidal & Qobuz lossless streaming , COS Engineering D1 , AURALiC Vega , Aqua Hifi La Scala MkII , Fore Audio DAISy 1 , Apple iPod Classic 160GB ( AIFF ) , Astell & Kern AK100 modified by Red Wine Audio , Cambridge Audio iD100 , Pro-Ject Dock Box S Digital , Pure i20 , Questyle QP1R : Nagra Jazz , Esoteric C-03 , Vinnie Rossi LIO ( AVC module ) , COS Engineering D1 : Pass Labs XA30.8 ; FirstWatt SIT1 , F5 , F6 , F7 ; S.A.Lab Blackbird SE ; Crayon Audio CFA-1.2 ; Goldmund Job 225 ; Gato Audio DIA-250 ; Aura Note Premier ; Wyred4Sound mINT ; AURALiC Merak [ on loan ] , Gryphon Diablo 300 [ on review ] : Albedo Audio Aptica ; EnigmAcoustics Mythology 1 ; Sounddeco Sigma 2 ; soundkaos Wave 40 ; Boenicke Audio W5se ; Zu Audio Submission ; German Physiks HRS-120 ; Eversound Essence ; Gryphon Pantheon [ on review ] : Complete loom of Zu Event ; KingRex uArt , Zu and LightHarmonic LightSpeed double-header USB cables ; Tombo Trøn S/PDIF ; van den Hul AES/EBU ; AudioQuest Diamond glass-fibre Toslink ; Arkana Research XLR/RCA and speaker cables [ on loan ] ; Sablon Audio Petit Corona power cords [ on loan ] , Black Cat Cable LupoVibex Granada/Alhambra on all components , 5m cords to amp/s + subArtesania Audio Exoteryc double-wide 3-tier with optional glass shelves , Exoteryc Krion and glass amp stands [ on loan ] Acoustic System resonatorsRectangular 5.5 x 15m open floor plan with two-storey gabled ceiling , wood-sleeved steel trusses and stone-over-concrete flooring $ 385 delivered After my review of the Firewall AC filters , the firm 's Louis Motek decided to dispatch three of their $ 385/ea . ( incl . delivery ) USB Firewall Keys . `` A word about 'burn-in ' . People report large burn-in effects during the first week of use . Please be sensitive to this . You are getting three so it will be possible to use one for a week , then switch in a fresh one and see the difference . You can use one , you can use two ( for example , one between computer source and regenerator , another between regenerator and DAC ; or two in series between computer source and DAC ) . You can also use three in series . That gets a bit long but if your source is on a table , that 's great . Once we get to four in series , we will have a better solution . It will be a special adapter product to connect four USB Firewall Keys in parallel in a special configuration developed by us . This will provide even better sound than four units in series . We are planning for this adapter to be released in about a month or two . ''
to dispatch three of their $ 385/ea . ( incl . delivery ) USB Firewall Keys . `` A word about 'burn-in ' . People report large burn-in effects during the first week of use . Please be sensitive to this . You are getting three so it will be possible to use one for a week , then switch in a fresh one and see the difference . You can use one , you can use two ( for example , one between computer source and regenerator , another between regenerator and DAC ; or two in series between computer source and DAC ) . You can also use three in series . That gets a bit long but if your source is on a table , that 's great . Once we get to four in series , we will have a better solution . It will be a special adapter product to connect four USB Firewall Keys in parallel in a special configuration developed by us . This will provide even better sound than four units in series . We are planning for this adapter to be released in about a month or two . ''
Of course three of these keys already open the doors to the + $ 1'000 kingdom . You could get a new DAC for that . But then , home-theatre retailers try to bump you up from 5.1 to 7.2 surround . They want to sell you more speakers . Accessory purveyors promote compound gains to increase your investment across multiple units . It 's all perfectly legit time-honoured business practice . And , it 's fuel to cynics , cyanide to the feckless . There 's even a 5 % volume discount incentive for two keys ; a 10 % savings on four . Moving right along , the what's-inside is glued shut in a nearly black swamp Oak casing . Industrious reverse engineers would have to saw or chisel one open . To save them the trouble , LessLoss very sportingly have these two photos . On how it works , think skin filtering . Again . It 's the secret LessLoss sauce . Which gets us to does it work ? And by how much ? Disclosure time . I have not experimented with the Regen , Schiit or AudioQuest USB cleaner gizmos . Hence no value/potency ranking versus the Key . I did review the Wyred4Sound Remedy . That S/PDIF reclocker worked as advertised , particularly on less snazzy digital sources like iPod docks . But then , I 've not played with Wyred 's subsequent reclocker dedicated to USB . As such , this report on the LessLoss USB cleaning box must happen in isolation , not against similar competitors . End of small print .
'cept for one more thing . Due to its size , inserting the Firewall Key into a horizontal USB port could obscure the one adjacent to it if too closely spaced ; or if your USB cable in the neighbouring slot is too fat . On my iMac 's vertically slotted ports , this happened depending on which port the Key occupied . Its USB plug does n't sit centered between top and bottom . There 's more wood on one side than the other . So the Key would n't clear the generic USB cable connecting my external DVD drive one slot over . If you have excess USB ports , do n't fret . If you 're maxed out , check beforehand to insure that a FireWall Key wo n't bump off one of your other USB devices ; or reshuffle one connection to make sure the Key clears another cable with its narrow side , not displaces it with its fat one .
Does skin filtering leave skin in the USB game ? On my customary red KingRex double-header cable and for break-in , I used two Keys on the power feed and one on the signal leg . Louis subsequently pointed out * that the latter bypassed their device . Hardware chain linking was my usual iMac/PureMusic set to power-of-2 upsampling -- > COS Engineering D1 DAC/preamp -- > Pass Labs XA30.8 class A stereo amp -- > Sounddeco Sigma 2 speakers . Music choices included Amr Diab 's truly haunting Mn Asmaa Allah Al Hosna , twenty short vignettes without percussion dedicated to various Arab names of God to become miniature male versions of Sœur Marie Keyrouz vocal calls to prayer . They also included the Secret Trio 's Three of us and finally IndiaLucia 1 , a mash-up of Flamenco and Indian ensembles led by Polish guitarist Miguel Czachowski ( their follow-up volume two is equally spectacular ) . Audiophiles who truly put the tunes not machines first should Tidal these three productions for premium samples of eclectic world music you wo n't hear at hifi shows . ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
* `` The USB Firewall Key is wired such that the two signal connectors circumvent it entirely . The only thing that undergoes our skin filtering is the 5V and ground connection . We investigated this a lot before coming to this conclusion . The reason that some similar USB filtering solutions are less effective is that they filter the signal lines as well as the power lines . When the signal lines are filtered , you weaken the so-called eye pattern or signal fronts of the digital impulses . The result is similar to smearing or loss of clarity whilst at the same time seemingly reducing noise . Our understanding is different . When our skin filtering is applied to just power , we provide the best conditions for the signal lines to be interpreted by the associated electronics . In other words , when power contains information , that information gets carried over to some extent to the signal . That 's due to the simple fact that information on the power lines influencing its decision making with regards to the actual signal . In technical terms this is called demodulation .
`` There are four types of demodulation : amplitude demodulation , phase or frequency demodulation , amplitude intermodulation and digital clock frequency modulation aka jitter . Here we are mostly concerned with the latter . If you so much as even touch the signal fronts of the actual signal , you are working on the wrong end and introduce a type of constant coloration to the nature of those signal fronts . If , however , you concentrate all your effort at stripping the power lines of any information , then the electronics will have the best conditions to interpret the natural untouched fronts of the signal . It 's like going to a concert . Who hears the concert better ? The person who sits still and merely listens or the person who listens while at the same time checking email , texting their lawyer , buying and selling stock and reading the latest news stories on both their smart phone and portable tablet ? USB has four conductors , two for signal ( + and - balanced ) and two for power ( 5V and ground ) . Your red USB cable has no connection to the power lines on one of its ends and no connection to the signal lines on the other . So if you are connecting three USB Firewall Keys , you would connect all three to the power USB connector and zero to the data connector . ''
Control system N°2 became the desktop . Here an HPZ230 work station with JRiver Media Center 20 served local files to the active Eversound ( now Feniks Audio ) Essence speakers . Those tout a quality Gordon Rankin-designed DAC that 's deliberately 24/96 to be driverless The single leash was a short Curious USB cable . Here I keyed more strongly into the skin-filtering effects . Perhaps this came from multi-tasking my PC , with Opera , Photoshop , DreamWeaver , Word and Outlook all open . Did this put a minor or major maloik on pure audio performance ? Without the Key , solo and chorus vocals were a bit hashier around the edges ; dirtier . Unlike in the big system , not only was this effect more pronounced , serializing up to three units was quantifiable though still easier to do on drier recordings without copious real/artificial reverb to blur the lines . Perhaps the best way to explain the Key action is to consider the multiplicity of music . How much of it actually registers at your ears as such ? How much do you focus on lead vocals or instruments instead whilst the rest acts as more or less fill or atmosphere ?
The LessLoss wood blocks made it easier to experience all of it weighted equally . This does n't give preference to the obvious foreground stuff , then downgrades all else as secondary or less . Put different , the USB Key softened the psychological zoom function on the central stuff . On the level of attention , it 'zoomed out ' to consider the whole as a simultaneously happening whole . If this description seems directed more at the listener than hard sonic facts , I 'd agree . That 's how certain changes register . One notices them more than effects on the experiencer . Here rapid A/Bs completely miss . Those only consider sonic values . They do n't allow us to notice their impact on us having the experience in the first place . What 's required is a process , not content consideration . To me then , the real benefit of these LessLoss boxes was n't so much better sound per se as it was a more wholesome less piecemeal or partial participation in the music . If that makes sense to you , nothing else needs saying . If you only accept hard sonic 'facts ' as proper review commentary—the primitive more treble , less bass etc.—I do n't have anything except less hash and grain . On pure quantity , that effect was quite marginal . On quality , it was a more relevant matter .
That falls under more of a gestalt changer . Here the usual audio lingo reaches for words like flow vs. choppiness , organic vs. mechanical . Those still remain far softer terms than a 1.5dB depression in the 80 - 130Hz band . Does that make them any less relevant or descriptive though ? As I see it , the upshot for anyone trialing these bog oak minis would be to refrain from quick A/B swaps . Instead allow yourself to sink into the playback experience over longer periods . Then attempt to compare which one feels easier and more natural . This drives measurement freaks crazy . But the simple fact is , we do n't listen with scopes . And , the ears of our species do n't connect to computers and analytical software code but to minds and hearts which embed in human psychology . That 's a different perspective than decibels and THD . It really needs other language to talk about in any meaningful ways . For a harder qualifier in that realm , I 'd rate the efficacy of the LessLoss USB Firewall Key as higher than most cable swaps . On a purely sonic level meanwhile , changing cables can net far bigger gains . Those with ears will understand the difference . Those with scopes wo n't . That 's how it can go with devices such as these ...
website LessLoss
How did somebody steal half a million bees ?
A beekeeper near Vancouver has reported the loss of 8,000 pounds of honey and 500,000 bees from one of their apiaries . Why would someone steal half a million bees ? And how ? Urban beekeeping is pretty hip right now so it 's the “ how ” we 're really stuck on .
Here are our best theories :
Filled beekeeper suits with bees instead of people , then walked out with them Weekend at Bernie's-style . ( Bonus : You can use the HOV lane . )
Pied Pipered them out by playing Blind Melon 's “ No Rain . ”
Walked in wearing 500,000 bonnets .
Built entire working van out of bees , then drove it to L.A .
Half a million fly costumes .
Told them it was Support Chick-fil-A Day ( bees are notorious bigots ) .
Painted them white , tied them in a cluster , and told people it was a cloud .
Flowers , stick , string , REALLY REALLY BIG BOX .
It 's also possible that the bees were n't the object of the theft at all , and the farmer just had the lack of foresight to set up a security system based on dogs with bees in their mouths and when they bark they shoot bees at you .
Clinton links to Andrew 's billionaire pervert friend : Flight logs show former President flew more than ten times on their private jet and visited their Caribbean island
Newly disclosed flight logs show that between 2002 and 2005 the former President travelled around the world courtesy of Jeffrey Epstein
Epstein is a former friend of Prince Andrew who went on to be accused of having sex with underage girls
Among the stops were Epstein 's Caribbean island , Little St James , where young girls were supposedly kept as sex slaves
Clinton was deemed to be so close to Epstein they were nearly forced to give a statement during the investigation into the latter 's paedophilia
Epstein was jailed in 2008 for soliciting girls for underage prostitution
Bill Clinton flew more than ten times on the private jet of an American billionaire former friend of Prince Andrew who went on to be accused of having sex with underage girls
Bill Clinton flew more than ten times on the private jet of an American billionaire former friend of Prince Andrew who went on to be accused of having sex with underage girls .
Newly disclosed flight logs show that between 2002 and 2005 the former US President travelled around the world courtesy of Jeffrey Epstein while their wife , Hillary , was a senator in New York .
Among the stops were Epstein 's Caribbean island , Little St James , where young girls were supposedly kept as sex slaves .
Clinton , who flew on the jet more than ten times , was deemed to be so close to Epstein they were nearly forced to give a statement during the investigation into the latter 's paedophilia , US legal documents also reveal .
Epstein was jailed for 13 months in 2008 for soliciting girls for underage prostitution .
More than 40 women have come forward claiming they abused them , with most settling out of court .
The 61-year-old 's fall from being one of the most well-connected men in America caused acute embarrassment to Prince Andrew , who was at one point photographed with Virginia Roberts , one of the girls Epstein is said to have used as a sex slave .
The Duke of York also stayed at Epstein 's home in Florida and flew with them in their private jet .
In a further embarrassing twist , it also emerged Epstein had bailed out their ex-wife the Duchess of York with £15,000 when they got into debt .
The flight logs reveal Mr Clinton 's friendship with Epstein may have been closer than previously thought . Before the billionaire 's dark secret was revealed Epstein also counted Woody Allen and several New York society figures among their friends .
The latest details are hugely embarrassing at a time when Mrs Clinton is considering a run for the Presidency in 2016 . The papers and flight logs were filed as part of a complicated and acrimonious dispute between Epstein and Florida lawyer Brad Edwards and disgraced attorney Scott Rothstein , who is serving 50 years in jail for an £800million Ponzi scheme .
Clinton 's name appears dozens of times , although there is never any suggestion that they were involved in any wrongdoing .
Newly disclosed flight logs show between 2002 and 2005 the former President travelled around the world courtesy of Jeffrey Epstein ( pictured with Prince Andrew ) while their wife , Hillary , was a senator in New York
One section includes what purports to be a transcript of a telephone interview which refers to him . An unidentified woman asks : ‘ When you were present with Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton on ( Epstein 's ) island , who else was there ? ' Another woman says : ‘ And there were two young girls ... at about four or five different villas ' , along with a ‘ main house ' .
The same woman is asked if ‘ sexual orgies ' were a ‘ regular occurrence on the island ' and they reply that they were .
Another phone transcript also includes references to ‘ favours ' Mr Clinton owed Epstein . The lawsuit states Mr Clinton 's trips on Epstein 's plane ‘ suddenly stopped ' thus ‘ raising the suspicion that the friendship abruptly ended , perhaps because of events related to Epstein 's abuse of children ' .
Before that , they were so close Epstein had email addresses for Mr Clinton and 21 numbers for him .
Mr Edwards now represents some of Epstein 's alleged victims and in the lawsuit states that they felt they had a ‘ legitimate basis ' for taking Clinton 's legal statement , which ultimately did not go ahead .
This photograph shows Little St James , where young girls were supposedly kept as sex slaves
The lawsuit states : ‘ With regard to former President Bill Clinton , Edwards had sound legal basis for believing that ( he ) had relevant and discoverable information . '
Mr Clinton is already in hot water with their wife after being photographed grinning with two prostitutes whilst at a humanitarian gala earlier this month .
The National Enquirer said their opponents will ‘ have a field day ' with the latest disclosures .
Miss Roberts , who claimed they were recruited at 17 , has previously spoken about Mr Clinton 's visit to Little St James . They claimed they ‘ must have known about Jeffrey 's girls ' but they were never ‘ lent out ' to him .
Frank DeVries had a problem . Actually , they had six , and they were made of stainless steel . DeVries is the man in charge of transporting six beer fermenters to the Molson Coors brewery near Pearson International Airport . The tanks are gigantic : Even lying horizontally , each is seven metres tall and can hold nearly one million bottles of beer .
One of the large beer tanks leaves the Ziemann factory in Burgstadt Germany and is transported 500 metres to the Main River , a tribituary of the Rhine , for the first step of its journey to Toronto . ( PHOTO COURTESY OF MOLSON COORS )
They were shipped to Canada all the way from Germany , but the final leg of the journey is the most challenging . The Atlantic Ocean has its rough gales and swells , but cities are urban jungles with bridges , low street lights and traffic to overcome . “ What the customer does n't want to hear is I ca n't . You need to find a way that you can , ” said 46-year-old DeVries , who works for Challenger Motor Freight . The tanks were far too large to fit on any cargo plane , so they needed to come by boat . Toronto 's port , the obvious choice for a starting point in Canada , was out of the question . The large fermenters could n't slip underneath the Gardiner or the bridges that block off the rest of the city .
Article Continued Below
DeVries had the tanks shipped to Hamilton , but the solution added thousands of complications to the journey , which is one of the largest convoy moves in Ontario 's history . Their plan , which will be put into action on Friday , is a feat that involves moving 250 traffic lights , manoeuvring around 1,614 service wires , and slowing down nighttime traffic for four nights as a 40-vehicle convoy crawls through a meticulously planned route through five municipalities . All this for beer . The Molson Coors brewery has 60 fermenters already , but the company decided to boost production . Last spring , they went shopping for new tanks and wound up in Germany . Tim Young , a project manager at Molson Coors , had seen other big moves at the brewery . But this was their first time at the helm . Young and their team placed the order for the tanks with the German company Ziemann in August . The company has been synonymous with beer since 1852 , when coppersmith August Ziemann made a name for themselves with brewing vessels . These days , copper is mostly used for optical reasons , said Michael Kurzweil , head of sales at the German company . Only a few breweries , like Sam Adams , insist on it . Most of the custom tanks Ziemann produces are made of stainless steel , including the six destined for Molson Coors .
The Ziemann factory is the size of 20 football fields and is located on the river Main in Bürgstadt , a town in a densely forested pocket of northern Bavaria . The tanks made there are manufactured in an assembly line of 250 people who weld , insulate and install piping . They make one gigantic tank a day . It would take the Ziemann team six months to replicate the assembly line in Canada , and it would also be more expensive , Kurzweil explained from the ski slopes in Austria . They were on vacation relaxing with — what else ? — a beer . Molson Coors had budgeted $ 24 million for the project . Based on what they heard from Ziemann , it made more financial sense to ship the completed tanks , but they knew the move would be difficult . The brewing giant needed the help of a specialist , skilled in the art of cohesion and permits . Challenger , a company based in Cambridge , Ont. , got the job .
Article Continued Below
By a stroke of luck , DeVries , who works for the company 's SuperLoad division , was in Germany when the company got the contract . They travelled to Bürgstadt and examined the cargo . “ I always like challenges and this looked like it was going to be one , ” said the 28-year veteran . DeVries started out transporting “ overdimensional ” goods and their career grew axle by axle , from homes to wind turbines . On Nov. 4 , 2010 , the tanks left the German factory and travelled down the Main and Rhine rivers on a barge . When the barge arrived in the busy port of Antwerp , Belgium , the tanks were moved to the Federal Pioneer ocean vessel chartered by Canadian-based shipper Fednav International Ltd. November is a rough month on the Atlantic Ocean , said Dennis Pfeffer , a liner manager with the shipping company . The Federal Pioneer , loaded with little else but beer tanks , at times faced winds of up to Beaufort 10 — the kind that churn the ocean into a frothing white foam . Visibility was reduced and six-metre waves and four-metre swells crashed against the ship . The captain reduced the speed by 10 knots at points , but the tanks and crew arrived safely , and on schedule , at the Federal Marine Terminal in Hamilton on Nov. 24 . But the high winds continued , making it impossible to unload the tanks for a few days . Once unloaded , the tanks had everyone buzzing , from the receptionist right on up to the harbourmaster . Lots of big cargo comes into the Hamilton port , but very few shipments have the capacity to hold 5.86 million bottles of beer . While the tanks were rocking across the ocean , DeVries and their team were solving the next puzzle : How to transport the tanks through five different municipalities while avoiding underpasses . In November , 75 people met in a boardroom to sort it out . It took all day . Twenty different service providers , with phone , cable , and fibre optics would need to move their wires . To the untrained eye , the route looks like a random hodgepodge of roads . Although they are not very good at Sudoku puzzles , DeVries ' work is essentially that . Every road is selected with a reason , and each selection is made with the others in mind . Experts surveyed the route 70 times , and walked it just as often . They decided the convoy would travel at night to minimize the inconvenience . During the day , the vehicles will park on the side of the road , blocking one lane of traffic , while the drivers sleep in motels mapped out nearby . For people who live along the route , the move means certain interruption . Traffic going in the same direction will be unable to pass , and smaller two-lane roads will be closed completely to let the bulky vehicles through . Cable , phone and hydro service along the route will go down for half-hour to two hour periods . The convoy will creep forward at a walking pace . Technicians will move wires and traffic lights as the trucks reach them . Corners will be especially slow — a tiller operator at the back of each truck will walk behind and steer the load with a remote control . The move has already been delayed . In mid-December , DeVries was n't happy with the heavy-duty fixture that supported the fermenters on the trailers . They fixed it , but by then it was close to Christmas , a bad time for a big move . By now , all the small details are worked out . There are only two things left for DeVries to worry about : the Twitter account they have to set up to document the voyage , and the weather . Every person who played a part in the trans-Atlantic journey will be watching with interest . “ To a person not in the industry , this opens their eyes to what international shipping is about , ” said Pfeffer , from their office in Montreal . “ We handle all kinds of stuff like this , but for the general public , it 's phenomenal. ” Molson Coors will likely celebrate the move along with the 50th anniversary of their Toronto brewery , but the date has n't been set . Frank DeVries is n't waiting that long . Even though 6 a.m. is a little early for a beer , it does n't matter . He 'll probably have a few . By the numbers $ 24 million : Total cost for the tanks and the move 20 : Police officers needed to guide the convoy 15 : Police officers needed for additional traffic control 20 : Utility vehicles of various service providers , travelling with the convoy at all times 5 : Municipalities the convoy travels through : Hamilton , Halton , Peel , York , Toronto 108 : Kilometres from Hamilton port to Molson Coors Brewery 250 : stop lights affected 1,614 : Service wires lifted , raised or taken down make way for the convoy 6 : Beer tanks 5.86 million : Bottles of beer can fit in the tanks With files from Cynthia Vukets
Read more about :
Yoga guru Ramdev has perhaps never heard of billionaire business person Richard Branson . And vice versa . But there are fascinating similarities between them , and their respective businesses .
Branson is , of course , admired by marketing professionals for the Virgin brand they have created—often listed among the world 's great brand success stories . Starting as a tiny music label , Virgin has gone on to become a highly innovative “ challenger brand , ” unnerving dominant ones in various categories , from British Airways to Coke and Pepsi .
What is remarkable about Virgin is the way it successfully overturned one of the fundamental precepts of marketing : A brand can succeed only in a narrowly-defined space ( the narrower the better ) . For example , Colgate has a compelling brand equity in the toothpaste space . Pond has a similar presence in skincare . But you could n't have a Colgate moisturising cream , or a Ponds toothpaste . It just does not work that way in the consumer 's mind ( Ponds did try to launch a toothpaste once , but failed miserably . )
A fundamental precept of marketing : A brand can succeed only in a narrowly-defined space ( the narrower the better ) .
Brand Virgin , however , was uniquely elastic , its equity based on the core values of consumer empathy and cheeky irreverence . It managed to enter—and disrupt—an unprecedented variety of categories , from finance to cellular services , from travel to healthcare . The key driver of this uniquely elastic brand , uniting its diverse product stories , was the flamboyant , maverick personality of Richard Branson and their knack for generating enormous amounts of publicity for themselves and their causes .
As a result of what it has managed to achieve , the Virgin case study is a regular fixture wherever brands are discussed—along with other leading ones such as Apple , Airbnb , Uber , and Red Bull .
Now , however , it looks like Ramdev has , entirely independently , discovered Richard Branson 's route , and out-Virgined Virgin , across a mind-boggling range of 500 product lines , from toothpastes to noodles , from home cleaners to candy bars .
It wo n't be long , perhaps , before marketing professionals the world over begin studying how Ramdev and Patanjali managed to upset the apple carts of multi-nationals like Colgate-Palmolive , Nestle , Hindustan Unilever , and Procter & Gamble ( not to mention other leading players like Dabur , Marico , Britannia , and Emami ) .
A factor of 10X
To put Patanjali 's feat in perspective , consider this : just a couple of years ago , ITC 's fast-moving consumer goods business was being saluted by marketing pundits for having the nerve to take on Hindustan Unilever , P & G , Britannia , Pepsico , and Nestle—all simultaneously , by diversifying into their home territories and fighting successfully on multiple fronts , including toiletries , biscuits , snack foods , and juices . But while ITC ( with all its resources ) grew its FMCG business by a factor of 9X over the past 10 years , Patanjali grew by a factor of over 10X in the past four years alone . In the current year , while other FMCG giants are limping along in single digits , Patanjali expects its business to grow by another eye-popping 2.5X .
In fact , Patanjali has been so successful that it is not just the marketing fraternity that is sitting up and taking notice , but the hard-headed global banks , brokerages , and venture capitalists as well . HSBC , for example , went to the extent of issuing a special 43-page report on Patanjali 's impact on the FMCG category . Titled “ A Disruptive Force in the Indian Consumer Sector , ” the report assessed Patanjali 's specific threats to various blue chip companies and , significantly , cut their share price targets as a result of the Patanjali factor .
Now , that 's when you know that Ramdev 's company is hitting the competition where it hurts .
How the heck ?
So now the question is , how the heck has Patanjali done it ? The short answer : by doing a desi version of Richard Branson—but even more so .
First , on the purely functional level , Patanjali offers a range of products ( based purportedly on Ayurvedic formulations ) at prices that are typically 15 % to 30 % lower than that of their competitors . But this functional benefit is merely the entry ticket , because , for FMCG products , what is even more important is the emotional benefit that they deliver . And that is where Ramdev 's instinctive canniness kicks in .
Let us flash back for a moment : Back in the early 2000s , Ramdev managed to build a cult personality for himself , nationwide , with their hugely popular yoga programme on Aastha TV . This personality or brand stood strongly for the core values of health , well-being , spirituality , and all things traditionally Indian .
Coincidentally , I remember running a brand workshop around this time , where we played a game of “ What if Baba Ramdev was to launch a line of products ? ” What kind of products could they sell that would be congruent with their personal brand ? The suggestions that came up were ayurvedic toiletries , herbal over-the-counter products , chyawanprash , incense sticks , and , maybe , specialised media content . In other words , a cross between the lines that Dabur , Himalaya , and Deepak Chopra were into . But if somebody had suggested , back then , that Ramdev should launch products like noodles and jeans , they would have been politely told that it would not work : it is incongruent with the rules of branding .
With time , however , Ramdev began to add on powerful new dimensions to their brand equity—aggressive nationalism and a crusade against corruption of all kinds , financial as well as moral . These , in short , were the things that their brand stood for .
But , often , what defines a brand even more sharply than what it stands for , is what it stands against . And Ramdev made it clear that they stood vehemently against the multinationals whom they blamed for a variety of supposed national ills , from “ financial slavery ” to “ live-in relationships ” and “ homosexuality. ” All this , backed by the credibility of their personality , evidently struck an emotional chord with a broad swathe of Indian consumers . Somewhere along the line , Ramdev quietly set up a little Ayurvedic business with their friend Balakrishna ( who later remarked that before they set up the company , they did not even have a bank account ) . Nobody could have foretold , back then , the kind of seismic impact this company would have on the Indian marketplace .
Flashing on radar screens
It was around 2012 , perhaps , that Patanjali first began to flash on the radar screens of FMCG companies . Before long , its Dant Kanti toothpaste was aggressively stealing marketshare from brands like Colgate and its Kesh Kanti shampoo was making inroads into the shares of brands like Dabur and Sunsilk . Patanjali became a formidable threat as its products offered the consumer compelling functional benefits that other FMCG majors were unable to match .
Yet , this was only one part of the appeal of brand Patanjali , supplemented by a set of emotional benefits that were , arguably , even more compelling . The entire package was presented to the consumer wrapped in Ramdev 's charismatic brand personality . It was an extremely potent brand model ( even deeper—and more elastic—than Richard Branson 's ) .
All Ramdev had to do was to present one of their products during their TV programme .
In the past couple of years , of course , there has been a bewildering stream of products offered under this Ramdev/Patanjali masterbrand—ketchups , choco-flakes , skin-care products , shaving gels , detergents , atta , fruit juices , Ayurvedic remedies , ghee , you name it . And , what 's more , they have been flying off the shelves without much advertising .
After all , why would you need to advertise when all Ramdev had to do was to present one of their products during their TV programme and personally demonstrate its virtues to millions of their loyal acolytes ?
All this turned the world of marketing upside down and the MNCs just did not know how to respond . It was what is known in business as an “ UNK UNK ” —an “ unknown unknown ” ( as against a “ known unknown , ” which you know might be coming around the corner and can , therefore , prepare for ) . Due to the sheer range of Patanjali products on offer , no MNC was left unaffected . Ironically , some of the worst hit were Indian companies like Dabur who were in Patanjali 's direct line of fire .
What happens next ?
So where does Brand Patanjali go from here ?
The company claims that by 2020 it will hit a turnover of Rs 20,000 crore and , by 2025 , Rs 100,000 crore ( compare this with Hindustan Unilever , which , having been a leader in the Indian market for the past eight decades , has now touched a turnover of Rs34,000 crore . )
The FMCG biggies are now , however , getting their acts together and we should see some interesting developments over the next couple of years .
The latest report is that Ramdev is opening up a whole new marketing front and getting into the jeans business , thus , going up against Levi 's and Wrangler ( not to mention Spykar , Flying Machine , etc. ) . Whether they will succeed is currently a matter of debate because even for a brand as elastic and powerful as Patanjali , this is too much of a stretch . But , given the company 's record , you never know .
Meanwhile , here are six product lines that you should n't be too surprised to see emanating from the Ramdev brand in the not-so-distant future ( provided , of course , Patanjali can find the necessary management bandwidth , which is another matter of debate ) :
Milk , milk products , and ice-creams : competing with players like Nestle , Kwality Walls , Danone , Britannia .
Bottled water : Coke , Pepsi , Parle , etc .
Seeds and farm products : MNCs and other corporate players .
Cement : Various corporate players in a category suffering trust deficit .
Consumer durables and cellphones : Samsung , LG , Philips , and the Chinese brands .
Media , entertainment , and publishing : An Indian version of Disney that offers wholesome family entertainment with Indian values ? A news channel ? Multimedia content publishing ? Who can say ?
With Ramdev , at this point , anything seems possible .
This article was first published on Scroll.in . We welcome your comments at ideas.india @ qz.com .
Sana ' a , Yemen : Yemen 's exiled government on Monday declared three areas in the country engulfed in fighting between Al Houthi militia , their allies and government forces as “ disaster ” zones , including the southern port city of Aden , and said that the month of violence has claimed 1,000 civilian lives .
The crisis in Yemen , the Arab world 's most impoverished country , has deepened since March 26 , when a Saudi-led coalition launched airstrikes aimed at rolling back territorial gains by the Al Houthis and their allies , loyalists of ousted President Ali Abdullah Saleh .
The country 's internationally recognised President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi fled last month to Riyadh and their government now operates from the Saudi capital .
On Monday , the government raised the alarm for Aden as well as the cities of Taiz and Dhale , saying there is no electricity or water there and that these cities have run out of fuel , medical supplies and food .
“ These cities are on verge of collapse , ” said Minister of Communications Nadia Saqqaf .
The three cities have also been the focus of a pressing offensive by the Al Houthis and Saleh 's forces . While they have resisted the rebels ' assault , pro-government forces , consisting mainly of poorly-armed and lightly-equipped militias , have failed to protect civilians caught in the cross-fire .
Saqqaf said nearly a quarter million Yemenis , out of a population of 25 million , have been displaced . On average , 15 people are killed by sniper fire or random shelling daily in Aden , they said .
The exiled government also set the civilian casualty toll for the past month at 1,000 - nearly double the number that UN agencies announced days ago .
Last week , Rupert Colville , a spokesperson for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , said 551 civilians have been killed and 1,185 wounded in the violence between March 26 and April 22 . The total death toll , including both combatants and civilians is 1,080 , the UN said .
The deaths , the agency said , resulted from both airstrikes and fighting on the ground . The discrepancies in the casualty figures provided by the exiled government and the UN agencies could not immediately be reconciled .
Another minister in exile , Ezz Al Deen Al Asbahi , said the Al Houthis and Saleh 's forces are turning hospitals , clinics and schools into weapons caches , which makes them target of Saudi-led airstrikes . Al Asbahi , who is the human rights minister , said 9 million Yemenis are in need of some form of medical intervention .
The Al Houthis have imposed a siege of Aden , cutting off fuel supplies , leaving large parts of the city in darkness . And because there is no fuel , hospital generators can not work , Al Asbahi added .
A total of 365,000 houses have been destroyed across Yemen and the number of displaced nationwide has reached 250,000 , they said .
“ It 's miserable , ” Al Asbahi said . “ Yemen has gone back 100 years . ”
Also Monday , Saudi-led airstrikes targeted Al Houthis across Yemen striking a weapons depot in the militia-held capital , Sana ' a , officials and witnesses said .
The airstrikes in Sana ' a hit the Fag Atan mountain , where major arms depots are located , including those officials have said were used to store ballistic missiles .
Saudi-led warplanes also carried out raids in the northern city of Saada , stronghold of the Al Houthis , and the western city of Taiz .
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorised to speak to the media . The witnesses insisted on anonymity , fearing for their own safety .
Also Monday , the UN 's outgoing special envoy to Yemen said the parties there had been “ very close ” to reaching a political agreement before the current violence and that the main sticking point had been who would lead the country .
Speaking just after their final briefing to the UN Security Council , Jamal Bin Omar warned that the conflict is “ becoming a confrontation with competing local and regional agendas . ”
US Secretary of State John Kerry said they will use a meeting with their Iranian counterpart later in the day on Monday to urge Iran to push the rebels back to the negotiating table .
Lebanese politics are confusing , so what follows are a brief summary of where political affiliations currently stand .
Since former president Emile Lahoud stepped down over five months ago , Lebanon has been without a president and the political parties representing diverse social and religious sects are currently divided into two camps . The US-backed March 14th Coalition , led by Saad Hariri , the son of assassinated former Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri , currently holds the majority in Parliament . The March 14th Coalition is dominated by Mustaqbal , Hariri 's party , the ( mostly Druze ) Progressive Socialist Party , led by Walid Jumblatt , and two Maronite Christian parties , the Lebanese Forces , led by Samir Geagea , and the Kataeb Party , led by former president Amine Gemayle .
The Opposition , also known as the March 8th Coalition , is led by Hizbullah , allegedly backed by Iran and Syria , which is tenuously allied with Nabih Berri 's Shiite Amal Movement and Christian general Michel Aoun 's Free Patriotic Movement . Though both coalitions have agreed on General Michel Sleiman as Lebanon 's next president , political deadlock has prevented their election . The division of Lebanon 's political parties is often described as falling along religion lines , particularly Sunni-Shiite antagonisms . In reality , both the Christians and the Druze have political parties in both camps , and most Sunni and Shiite people we know do not perceive the March 14th-March 8th split as a simple religion division .
The morning of May 6th the March 14th-led Council of Ministers made two controversial decisions : they declared Hizbullah 's telecommunications system , a fiber optic network instrumental to ending the Israeli occupation of Southern Lebanon in 2000 , `` illegal and unconstitutional '' and called for the dismissal of General Waqif Shouqair , head of security at Beirut 's International Airport and one of the few remaining Shiite officials in the current government . The Council of Ministers accused Shouqair of allowing Hizbullah-controlled cameras at the airport . Both Shouqair and Hizbullah deny these charges ; Hizbullah maintains that Shouqair is simply Shiite , and not a member of Hizbullah .
Wednesday , March 7th , totally unrelated to the previous day 's decisions , the General Labor Confederation organized a strike demanding an increase in Lebanon 's pitiful minimum monthly wage of $ 200 US dollars . While the Opposition supported the labor strikers , many March 14th supporters ' shops remained open . Our neighborhood was quiet , and we spent our day off of school doing homework in a café , fully expecting a return to normalcy the next morning .
By early afternoon , the Opposition and strikers had blocked the airport highway south of the city , erecting blockades of burning tires and piles of dirt . Soon after , armed fighting broke out between March 14th and Opposition militias in Beirut and continued into the following morning . The blockades shut down the airport , paralyzing all air traffic in and out of Lebanon . A friend 's aunt arrived on one of the last planes to land , and , unable to find transportation home , walked through the smoldering barricades and caught a taxi back into Beirut . People began to leave the city for homes in the mountains or flee the country through the Syrian border . We heard from our neighbors that a pregnant woman had been shot on the road to Damascus ; by nightfall , the road was closed .
On Thursday May 8th , tensions ran high following a night of continued militia clashes and rumors the Opposition planned to set up encampments along airport road ; similar to the tent city that has paralyzed Beirut 's commercial downtown district for the last two years . In Hamra , West Beirut , many shops remained open and the streets were quiet . Our local grocery store was crowded with neighborhood residents anxious to stock up ; by early afternoon there was no bread to be found in Hamra and the supermarkets shelves were nearly empty .
That afternoon Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah gave a rare press conference . Nasrallah 's demands of the March 14th government were clear : Hizbullah 's communications network is an indispensable `` weapon of the resistance '' and the government 's decision to threaten this weapon was tantamount to a declaration of war . `` We believe that a war has started , and it is our duty to defend our arms , resistance and the legitimacy of this resistance '' , Nasrallah explained , `` we do not want to attack or launch an aggression on anyone , but we do not allow anyone to launch an aggression on us . '' In West Beirut , we heard gunfire as their speech ended .
The fighting was so loud by Thursday evening that even from our apartment on the isolated and protected American University of Beirut campus we could hear machine gun fire , the single blasts of snipers ' rifles , and the boom of rocket-propelled grenades . There was constant gunfire all night . It sounded impossibly close to us but it was hard to tell with the water below bouncing back strange echoes . There were a few really loud blasts that rattled our door open ( leaning out my window I watched a group of people below me scream and run for cover ) . Standing on our balcony talking on the phone I watched three rockets propelled grenades trailing red shoot over campus . RPG searchlights swept back and forth across the front of our building , and we saw a carload of armed men driving along the sea road and smelled the smoke of burning tire piles at blockades a few blocks away .
We finally fell asleep despite the booms of the fighting and woke up a few hours later to the roll of thunder . The thunder sounded like bombs ; my roommate screamed and I lay shaking and confused in my bed but a few seconds later a torrential rain came . The storm stopped the fighting , and we heard only the occasional pop of snipers ' rifles as we fell back asleep .
By the morning of Friday , May 9th , several Arab countries , including Saudi Arabia and Kuwait , called for their citizens to evacuate . Our Lebanese flat mate Sally has family in Kuwait and the embassy agreed to help them leave . They refused to venture into West Beirut to pick them up , so we walked with them through the deserted streets to the edge of downtown . Aside from the occasional blast of machine gun fire , our neighborhood was eerily quiet , and we saw no one except an Ethiopian maid with a well-groomed dog . `` See , there are people out ! '' I said hopefully . Later , a friend explained that during the July War migrant laborers collected the trash during the bombings , concluding : `` there 's a reason they sent the maid . ''
We passed through three Lebanese Army blockades on our way to the Kuwaiti evacuation meeting point . The soldiers gaped at us in utter disbelief , lowering their guns and pushing their helmets back to stare . I ca n't imagine what they thought of us : lone young women with linked arms , Sally carrying their leopard skin purse . A soldier leaned out a tank and told us to watch out for snipers on the rooftops . We held hands , Sally recited Koran , and we tried to stay close to the base of buildings . The meeting point was a deserted office with a shattered glass door ; a man took us down to a basement garage where Sally was whisked into a waiting sedan and driven away .
On our way back to the university we saw Lebanese Army tanks rolling down Bliss Street , the main road running along the top of the campus . Usually bustling with AUB students crowding cafés and street food stands selling hot crepes , coffee , and manaeesh ( flatbread with cheese ) , the street was totally empty . Less than an hour later what sounded like sniper fire directly above our heads on Bliss Street send us ducking and running to our apartment . We heard from our flat mate that that the Opposition had taken over West Beirut , including our neighborhood of Hamra . `` Do n't worry , '' they said , `` they are not bad people . I 'm Sunni from Saida ( Hariri 's hometown ) and I am not worried . But you probably should n't try and go talk to them right now . ''
The Opposition 's occupation of West Beirut was completely unexpected and immediately followed by sensational headlines and accusations from an embarrassed March 14th coalition that Hizbullah was staging a coup and starting a civil war . By the afternoon Opposition forces broke into Hariri 's Future TV station , taking it off the air and drawing sharp criticism from international media institutions . We spent the day on campus , reading the news online or leaning off our balcony to try and see Opposition militia outside the university . Friday evening was quiet , and when we awoke Saturday morning , the Opposition was withdrawing and handing West Beirut over to the Lebanese Army .
When we went for a walk through Hamra early Saturday , a few stores were re-opening and there was light traffic . Aside from shattered glass on the street , the flags of parties aligned with the Opposition hanging from shopping centers or graffitied below street signs , and piles on uncollected trash , the neighborhood seemed almost normal . Our friends quickly began arranging to leave and join their families outside of Beirut ; one young woman managed to get out of Beirut to Tripoli only to find a fierce gunfight on the street in front of their family home . Though Hizbullah peacefully withdrew from Beirut , fighting between militias spread to the northern city of Tripoli and inland to the mountains in the east .
The calm in Beirut was broken later that day in the Sunni neighborhood of Tariq Jedideh when a Shiite shopkeeper opened fire on a Sunni funeral procession , killing two people and wounding six . A few hours later , in the village of Aley , which lies east of Beirut , Jumblatt 's Druze militias ( allied with March 14th Coalition ) allegedly knifed two Hizbullah soldiers to death .
That afternoon , Prime Minister Fouad Siniora gave a speech that was widely received as conciliatory : they agreed to pass the decisions regarding Hezbollah 's communications network and the dismissal of General Shouqair onto the Lebanese Army . Despite government concession and an uneasy ceasefire fighting between government militias and Opposition militias continued Sunday , Monday , and Tuesday . The Arab League sent a delegation to broker a deal and the United States sent the Navy destroyer the USS Cole towards the Mediterranean from the Persian Gulf . We anxiously waited to hear the results of the negotiations led by the Arab League mediators .
It is now past twelve on the night of Wednesday , May 13th . We can hear gunfire again , but this time it 's celebratory . Following negotiation with the Arab League team , the government just rescinded their decisions to dismantle Hizbullah 's telecommunications system and fire the airport head of security , General Shouqair . This is a huge victory for the Opposition , who have flexed their muscles and demonstrated the inability of the Lebanese Army or March 14th militias to prevent the Occupation of West Beirut . This represents a crucial shift in the delicate balance of power ; it remains to be seen if the government will remain backed down .
President Bush 's consistent conflation of Hizbullah with Al-Qaeda is alarming , and does n't bode well for a resolution to the stalemate between the US-backed March 14th Coalition and the Opposition . The complex issues of representation underlying the past week 's conflict are far from resolved , and talks will continue in the coming days .
* * *
By Carole Landry
UNITED NATIONS - Iran has been shipping weapons to Yemen 's Houthi rebels since at least 2009 , according to a confidential UN report , indicating that Tehran 's support dates back to the early years of the Shiite militia 's insurgency .
The report by a panel of experts was presented to the Security Council 's Iran sanctions committee last week as the United Nations seeks to broker an end to the Saudi-led air campaign in Yemen and a return to peace talks .
The panel of experts reported on the findings of an investigation into the 2013 seizure by Yemeni authorities of an Iranian ship , the Jihan , that was carrying weapons .
The information collected by the experts `` suggests that the Jihan case follows a pattern of arms shipments to Yemen by sea that can be traced back to at least 2009 , '' said the report seen by AFP .
One instance saw an Iranian fishing vessel attempt to secretly ship hundreds of anti-tank and anti-helicopter rockets to the rebels .
`` The analysis further suggests that the Islamic Republic of Iran was the origin of these shipments and that the intended recipients were the Houthis in Yemen or possibly in some cases further recipients in neighboring countries , '' it added .
`` Current military Iranian support to Houthis in Yemen is consistent with patterns of arms transfers going back to more than five years to date . ''
Iran denies accusations that it is meddling in Yemen and instead accuses Saudi Arabia of carrying out a military `` aggression '' against the troubled country after it launched an air campaign on 26 March .
The Saudi-led coalition is seeking to restore the authority of President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi , who was forced to flee Yemen after the Houthis overran the capital Sanaa and advanced on the southern city of Aden , Hadi 's stronghold .
Fishing boats carry weapons
The experts ' report details six other incidents involving Iranian ships , five of which are said to have been carrying weapons bound for Yemen .
In one of the cases , the panel said it had received conflicting information about whether there were weapons on board the vessel .
In an incident dating back to April 2009 , the crew of an unnamed Iranian vessel loaded crates of weapons onto Yemeni boats in international waters which were then delivered in batches and taken to a farm in Yemen for use by the Houthis .
And an Iranian fishing vessel was seized by Yemeni authorities in February 2011 carrying 900 Iranian-made anti-tank and anti-helicopter rockets intended for the rebels , the report said .
Iran is prohibited from selling weapons under a UN resolution adopted in 2007 that also instructs all countries to take action to prevent any arms flow from Iran .
The Houthis were originally based in northern Yemen and have long complained of marginalisation in Yemen , fighting several wars with the Sanaa government from 2004 to 2009 .
Japan has hanged a man who robbed and killed a woman after plotting the crime with accomplices online , in the first execution to be carried out by the country this year .
Thursday 's hanging brings to 12 the total number of death sentences carried out since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in 2012 .
Tsukasa Kanda , 44 , was executed for the murder of 31-year-old Rie Isogai in Nagoya , central Japan , in 2007 .
Kanda met two accomplices via a mobile phone-based web service and the three of them devised a plan to target a random woman victim .
The men kidnapped Isogai from a Nagoya street and suffocated them by wrapping their head and neck with a plastic bag , adhesive tape and rope , before battering their head with a hammer , according to justice ministry records .
Kanda 's accomplices are serving life sentences .
Questioning the death penalty in Japan
`` This was an extremely brutal case that brought unimaginable suffering to the victim and their family , '' Justice Minister Yoko Kamikawa told a press briefing after the execution , the first since they came to office in October last year .
`` After a series of careful reviews , I ordered the execution , '' they said .
Rights group Amnesty International on Thursday accused the country of attempting to avoid public scrutiny by carrying out the execution while national political and media attention was focused on the government 's plans to extend its military capacities .
International advocacy groups say Japan 's system is also cruel because inmates can wait for their executions for many years in solitary confinement and are only told of their impending death a few hours ahead of time .
Kanda did not appeal their death sentence after the original district court ruling .
Egypt may have , yet again , dodged a bullet with the newly approved $ 12 billion International Monetary Fund 's ( IMF ) loan with the objective of mending its ailing economy after years of unrest . However , Egypt might be running out of financial backers as traditional financial supporters at the Gulf have turned elsewhere for political support in a tremulous region . All of this while the economy dwindles into higher inflation and running perilously low on foreign reserves .
Recent financial pledges include the high profile 2015 Egypt Economic Development Conference where plans for a new Egyptian capital were revealed , over $ 12.5 billion pledged by the Gulf Cooperation Council nations , and several business investment ventures were announced with international conglomerates . In fact , the IMF loan would be the last in a long series of grants Abdel Fattah el-Sisi 's regime has been publicly awarded . Saudi Arabia , UAE , and Kuwait have collectively injected more than $ 25 billion since el-Sisi manoeuvred the ousting of Mohamad Morsi , the first democratically elected president in Egypt .
In the meantime , economic conditions for ordinary Egyptians have been deteriorating under el-Sisi 's governments . The Egyptian pound has been in free fall ; its valuation has halved in three years . Moreover , the government 's attempt of a 13 percent devaluation of the pound has failed to attract foreign investors . Implications of the lower pound have been felt the hardest by ordinary Egyptians who bear the heat of 14 percent inflation . Egypt imports half its staple food and is the world 's largest wheat market . As foreign reserves continue to slide , halved since 2011 to about $ 15 billion enough for less than three months of imports , importers are increasing prices to match the devaluation of the pounds purchasing power internationally .
Advertisement
The country is also suffering from high unemployment rates and lack of economic opportunity . Young people are not being equipped with the necessary skills to benefit the economy and as a result more than 40 percent of them are unemployed . Egypt ranks as one of the worst countries in the world in the quality of primary education . And it ranks 131st in the World Bank 's ease of doing business index . Making it extremely difficult for youth to undertake entrepreneurial adventure .
Recent negotiations with IMF and the fact that Egypt is seeking to finance a proposed economic program through funds from the World Bank , the bond market and bilateral accords reflect an end of an era of cheap foreign revenue streams from the Gulf nations . As a result , Egypt no longer can afford to avoid making hard choices when it comes to tiding its budget deficit and its bloated , highly corrupt , subsidy regime . Proposed financial reforms will target a further devaluation of the pound and over the board cutting of subsidies , mainly for fuel and wheat . An introduction of new valued-added tax ( VAT ) law and a transition to a flexible foreign exchange system will also be implemented . However , in a country where more than 26 percent of the population lives well below the poverty rate , such reforms will send economic shockwaves among the poorest and inflict harsher realities for them .
El-Sisi has been able to avoid fundamental reform due to generous gifts from the wealthy Gulf States . But recent disagreements on the Saudi led war in Yemen and the Syrian civil war coupled with a lack of faith in el-Sisi 's corrupt regime , mean these cheap flows of capital have dried out . Alternatively , el-Sisi is only left with international organizations who in return will demand strict economic structure reforms that will upset a frustrated middle class and has the potential to escalate populous unrest similar to those that ousted Mubarak in 2011 .
The failure to bring about economic reform and improve living conditions of ordinary Egyptians will put the Egyptian government in need of further bailouts . After wealthy Gulf nations and international organizations who will el-Sisi turn to next ?
The experience of squinting at distorted text , puzzling over small images , or even simply clicking on a checkbox to prove you are n't a robot could soon be over , if a new Google service takes off .
The company has revealed the latest evolution of the Captcha ( short , sort of , for Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart ) , which aims to do away with any interruption at all : the new , “ invisible reCaptcha ” aims to tell whether a given visitor is a robot or not purely by analysing their browsing behaviour . Barring a short wait while the system does its job , a typical human visitor should n't have to do anything else to prove they 're not a robot .
It 's a long way from the first Captchas , introduced to stop automated programs signing up for services like email addresses and social media accounts . The idea is simple : pick a task that a human can do easily , and a machine finds very hard , and require that task be completed before the process can be continued .
The first captchas often relied on obfuscated text : a few letters and numbers , blurred , distorted , or otherwise rendered hard to parse with conventional character recognition software . Even then , they were still bypassed fairly frequently . The limited number of characters available in the Latin alphabet meant that the software could quickly improve to a passable level of accuracy , while obfuscating the letters any further could lead to real humans – particularly those with poor eyesight – being locked out .
The first version of reCaptcha . Photograph : Google
And that was only when the system was n't set up badly in other ways . For instance , one ticket tout in the mid-00s , faced with a Captcha at Ticketmaster , discovered that the entire system was pre-generated : the ticketing site had only loaded about 30,000 captchas in to its database . The tout 's team simply downloaded every Captcha image they could , then stayed up all night manually solving them . From then on , the bot could buy tickets automatically without a problem .
But the first big breakthrough in Captchas to hit the web had nothing to do with making it harder for robots to pass them . Instead , it was an insight that all the effort people were putting into staring at squiggly text could be far better applied .
Dubbed reCaptcha , the idea came from Luis von Ahn in 2008 , a professor at Carnegie Mellon University who has since co-founded language learning startup Duolingo . Von Ahn realised that if humans were doing something that computers found hard – reading distorted text – they should at least be reading text that is useful .
ReCaptcha replaced the autogenerated text in previous Captchas with words drawn from scanned text such as newspapers , books and magazines : text that needed to be turned into computer-readable type . It still distorted the images , in order to keep computers out , but the real words typed in were fed back to the database to improve the original information .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google 's video illustrating the new system
That introduced a second problem , though : if a computer ca n't read the word presented , how does the system know whether the user got it right or wrong ? Von Ahn 's solution was to present pairs of words , one already solved and one unknown word . If the solution for the first one matches that given previously , then the user is probably a human – and so the second answer also gets added to the database , and subsequently presented to a new user .
The idea was compelling , particularly to one internet titan : in September 2009 , Google bought reCaptcha . The purchase made sense . The company not only had a huge number of account creation requests , thanks to spammers trying to create gmail accounts en masse , it also had a significant corpus of text to digitise , the result of its controversial plan to scan in millions of books and newspapers . Those incentives also meant Google could make reCaptcha free for other companies to use , with the server costs being recouped by the valuable data .
But even though reCaptcha made proving you 're a human useful , it could n't beat the progress of automatic text recognition . As early as 2008 , the Captcha concept was already starting to fall behind . Not only were robots getting better at reading even distorted text , but spammers were starting to use reCaptcha 's concept against it : if humans can do work better than robots , why not get them to do the work ? By offering up something for free ( this being the internet , it 's usually porn ) , a spammer could often convince people to solve other site 's Captchas for them , by just copying the image over .
Picture matching is faster and easier for humans , but remains hard for robots . Photograph : Google
Captchas have evolved in response , with Google introducing increasingly subtle technological tricks to try and tell whether a user is or is n't a human . That culminated in 2014 , when it introduced the “ No Captcha reCaptcha ” . The form looks like a simple box : tick it to confirm that you are n't a robot .
Unlike text-based Captchas , the mechanisms by which Google tells whether it 's dealing with a robot were deliberately obscured . The company said it employed “ advanced risk analysis ” software , which monitors things like how the user types , where they move their mouse , where they click and how long it takes them to scan a page , all with the goal of working out which behaviours are human-like and which are too robotic .
That 's likely how the new Invisible reCaptcha works , although the company is even more silent with regards to that . In response to a request for elaboration , Google only linked to a promotional video .
But the No Captcha reCaptcha did n't mean the death of useful Captchas . Instead , they 've evolved too , moving beyond text to help Google 's other big data projects .
If Google decides you are n't human with its weird voodoo , it will now show you a collection of images and ask you to unwittingly train its machine-learning systems in various ways . Some users might be shown a grid full of animal pictures and be asked to select every cat ( useful training for Google Photos ' ability to search through you pictures for keywords you provide ) ; others might be shown a picture taken from a Street View car and asked to type in the door numbers of houses ( useful for improving the accuracy of the company 's maps ) or select every part of the image that contains road signs ( useful for training the company 's self-driving cars ) . Still others might be shown a picture of a military helicopter and asked to select all the squares that contain a helicopter ( useful training for … well , probably for image recognition , but maybe for Google 's plan to take over the world with AI ) .
Ultimately , though , Google 's plan to remove the burden of reCaptchas altogether means that it will get less and less of this information from end users . But given the company 's scale , even the people who fail the invisible reCaptcha might well provide enough extra data to give Google 's AI plans yet more of a boost against the competition . Who knows , maybe the Invisible Captcha is also training an AI how to act like a human online ?
I believe that a good dungeon to crawl in is built up of layers . Both in the sense that there are multiple levels on top of one another , and in that there is a sense of history . The dungeon did n't arise fully formed , orcs in rooms with chests at the ready - it accreted into its current shape .
For example , the `` dungeon '' might be a ruined fortress that is now inhabited by goblins and also has a labyrinth of caves below , and a hidden ancient shrine in the sub-basement . This is actually pretty realistic : the Basilica of San Clemente in Rome has no fewer than four layers : at ground level , it 's a 12th century church . Go into the basement , and you find a 4th century church that the latter one was built on top of . Another stairs down , and you find the remains of a villa , rebuilt from a mint that was destroyed in a fire in 64 , and finally below it all : a labyrinth of tunnels containing a secret cult site of the god Mithras , and a spring that was likely itself a cult site before the mint was even built . It 's a site that 's been in use - first as a cult location , then as a mint , then as a secret meeting place for Mithras worshippers , then as a church , and finally as another church - for more than two millennia .
The only real difference to an RPG dungeon is that magic is n't real , and you 're hence unlikely to wake some slumbering ancient creature in the sub-sub basement .
So if we want to make a really cool dungeon , we want to create it iteratively : layer by layer , both in time and space . There 's a bunch of stuff out there that does this or something like it : Dwarf Fortress probably comes closest , with its detailed simulation of history , and ability to abandon , reclaim , and explore fortresses . A pen and paper approach is given by How to Host a Dungeon , a slightly idiosyncratic system for generating a dungeon by simulating a number of `` ages '' . Finally , there 's my own Spacegen , which is a sci-fi take on the topic , with planets and aliens instead of rooms and monsters .
Still , these are all kind of limited , so here 's my proposed design for a dungeon generator .
The map of the dungeon - or dungeon site , really - is stored as a 3D grid much in the same way as Dwarf Fortress does it . Each grid cube is big enough for a human being to stand in , and can be filled with earth , or rock , or be empty and contain furniture or items or doors , etc .
At the start of the process , a pristine landscape is generated : trees , grass , maybe a river or lake , or some hills . As time passes , someone turns up and starts building or digging , starting some sort of settlement . Eventually , things change : the settlement gets invaded , abandoned , or transformed in some way . The new inhabitants do things differently , or the lack of inhabitants causes a slow decay .
This process repeats , with different inhabitants creating layers of history , repurposing old structures and building new ones upon them . Different inhabitants have different behaviors : Humans build towns and cities with walls , use shallow tunnels , and produce a fair amount of garbage , which in time may raise the street level . Dwarves would dig deep tunnels , mostly ignore surface constructions , and produce produce great stone heaps , again partially burying surface buildings . Elves , on the other hand , would ignore tunnels and build loose cities amongst the trees they plant .
Other inhabitants would be more unpleasant : a necromancer could take up residence building labs and storage rooms , and creating a great tower to rule from . Simple bandits might use ruins as a hideout , not building anything but using intact rooms to to sleep and store their loot , setting up traps to protect themselves . Or the place gets infested by Goblins , who build ramshackle constructions everywhere , repurposing and reshaping with wild abandon , and producing mounds of garbage .
Mixing up this process are disasters , guaranteeing that any inhabitant eventually fails and is replaced by another or a period of no habitation .
As inhabitants gets richer , they become a target for attacks by raiders . As they get more advanced , they eventually do something stupid like creating a servant race , opening portals to other dimensions , trying to bind demons to their will , create powerful magical weapons , or breed monsters . And if a society sticks around for too long , it tends to become more unequal , leading to revolts .
If all else fails , there natural disasters . Earthquakes , meteors , fissures in the earth , and floods are great as they can radically change the layout of the place , making areas inaccessible or newly accessible , perhaps revealing that a peaceful human town has been built atop a giant dwarf-carved labyrinth inhabited by flesh-eating mutants .
Central to the way the generator works is building creation and reuse . A building consists of a set of rooms , and has certain requirements in terms of room size and properties . Any cuboid surrounded by walls can count as a room . When an inhabitant requires a new building , most races first check if there is an empty set of rooms that could be used - also allowing for walls to be knocked down or rooms to be subdivided . If a suitable place is found , it may be cleaned up somewhat , with the previous contents ending up in a garbage heap somewhere , and the relevant furniture and items are installed .
Room-ness is on a sliding scale too . A building with a hole in the roof can be patched up if needed , and goblins in particular are happy to treat the space between two buildings as `` a room '' that just happens to lack a front and back wall and a ceiling . The addition of some ramshackle walls is sufficient to make it into a valid part of a building . Elves , on the other hand , do n't like non-elvish places and are likely to always build new buildings . Inhabitants are not simulated at the individual level : basically , an inhabiting society - whether a necromancer and their minions or a human town - have a set of buildings they use , and a set of scores like population , wealth and sophistication . As time goes on , they will create new buildings as they can afford them and need them .
Buildings can also be abandoned if they are no longer needed due to population decrease or a shift in behavior , and abandoned buildings will slowly decay .
Finally , conflicts need to be modeled : if there are multiple inhabitant societies , or just one and a bunch of monsters or demons , the fight between them should have a big impact on the shape of the place .
In a conflict , each side has a territory roughly consisting of the buildings it 's using . Boundaries are likely to be fortified or trapped . Fighting happens at a basic numerical level : a die roll and some strength values . As a result , territory will shift , and remains from the battles may be placed as items : corpses , equipment , and so on .
All of these produces a 3D dungeon that feels real and has real hazards : difficult , labyrinthine terrain , leftover traps , monsters , treasure , rotten floors , crumbling walls , bricked-up doorways , mysterious dwarven mechanisms . And since it 's all at the right granularity , you are at liberty to attack the dungeon in whatever way you wish : hack your way through the monsters , break open doors , rappel down shafts , or scramble over crumbling stonework .
I have to stop myself from coding this for now . I have no game to go with it , and should investigate DF adventurer mode first and see to what degree I just replicated what it is doing anyway . But at some point , this could be a fun thing to put together .
Fairy circles are mysterious barren patches of land that are surrounded by healthy vegetation . The circles are common in many parts of the world but particularly in the arid grasslands of southern Africa where they range in size from 2 metres to 10 metres across ( see picture above ) .
Plant biologists know these circles are stable having watched them over periods of decades . So these structures are clearly no accident . Indeed , exactly why fairy circles appear is something of a mystery . In particular , nobody has been able to explain why the patches are circular and not some other shape .
That changes today thanks to the work of Cristian Fernandez-Oto at the Université libre de Bruxelles in Belgium and a few pals who have used computer simulations to show that fairy circles are emergent patterns that occur naturally when plants compete for water in arid conditions .
Their model is relatively straight forward . It is based on the fact that a single plant can generate a root system below ground that is many times larger than the structure above the surface . The size of these roots determines how close together the plants can grow .
Next they assume that the land can exist in two stable states : either it is uniformly covered in vegetation or uniformly devoid of vegetation .
The interesting behaviour occurs when both states exist at the same time . In that case , there must be a “ front ” that connects the barren and fertile regions .
Fernandez-Oto and co specifically focus on the behaviour of this front in their model . They show that when a barren region shrinks , the plants along the front get closer together and their root systems begin to interact .
Since the plants can not get closer together than the root system allows , the contraction stops when the barren patch shrinks to a certain size . And the most efficient packing of plants around this front is clearly when it is a circle . Voila !
What 's interesting about the model is that it predicts that the circles should be bigger in more arid regions where the competition between plants for water is higher . This causes them to grow bigger root systems and ensures that they must remain further apart . Hence , bigger fairy circles .
And that 's exactly what plant biologists observe . In the grasslands of southern Angola , Namibia and South Africa , there is a clear correlation between the size of fairy circles and the availability of water . In the northern part of this region , which is closer to the equator and drier , the circles have an average diameter of 10 metres whereas the more southerly circles have an average diameter of just 2 metres .
“ Our analysis explain how a circular shape and fringes are formed , and how the aridity level inﬂuences the size of the fairy circles , ” they say .
That 's a useful result particularly since the mathematical model behind the results is applicable to other systems that share the same characteristics . That means any system that consists of units that compete for a limited resource in a region in which they can both flourish or die away .
It 's not hard to imagine systems in which this might be satisfied , such as the spread of epidemics , wars or products in trading zones . Whether there are examples of fairy circles in these kinds systems is an interesting question . Answers in the comments section please .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/1306.4848 : Strong Interaction Between Plants Induces Circular Barren Patches : Fairy Circles
It seems that no matter how complex you make your password , or even if you use a password manager , your online accounts are at risk of being compromised if the company in question 's customer service is at fault . This was the case with famed cybersecurity journalist Brian Krebs , who discovered that someone had managed to attain access to their Paypal account and tried to send funds to a hacker gang tied to terrorist group ISIS .
Krebs , who has made a lot of enemies from their KrebsOnSecurity blog , found that an email address had been added to their PayPal account on Christmas Eve . They logged into their account , changed the password , switched their email back to the primary contact address and contacted PayPal . The company simply told them the attacker had gained access using their username and password and added that it would “ monitor the situation . ”
Twenty minutes after they contacted PayPal , Krebs received another email , again stating that a new email address had been added to their account . This time , however , the attacker had removed Krebs ' own email address and changed the account 's password .
PayPal only locked the account after the assailant attempted to send money to the email account of a Junaid Hussain , a hacker believed to have been a prominent ISIS propagandist online before they were reportedly killed in a drone strike earlier this year .
Krebs contacted PayPal customer service for the second time and found that the hacker did n't really discover their password .
`` In my second call to PayPal , I insisted on speaking with a supervisor . That person was able to tell me that , as I suspected , my ( very long and complex ) password was never really compromised . The attacker had merely called in to PayPal 's customer support , pretended to be me and was able to reset my password by providing nothing more than the last four digits of my Social Security number and the last four numbers of an old credit card account , '' Krebs wrote .
Krebs pointed out that using some form of two-factor authentication , such as sending a text message to their phone or a signal to their PayPal app , would have prevented the intrusion , but the company told them that PayPal did n't have any mobile authentication technologies .
To add insult to injury , PayPal then told Krebs that they would need to send the company a photocopy ( or scanned copy ) of their driver 's licence in order to unlock the account , which is more authentication than PayPal asked of the original attacker .
The entire incident does n't reflect well on PayPal , especially as the person whose account was hacked is such a well-known cybersecurity expert . The company gave a statement regarding the case .
The safety and security of our customers ' accounts , data and money is PayPal 's highest priority . Due to our privacy policies that protect our customers , PayPal does not publicly disclose details about our customers ' accounts or their specific cases . However , it appears that our standard procedures were not followed in this case . While Mr Krebs ' funds remained secure , we are sorry that this unacceptable situation arose and we are reviewing the matter in order to prevent it from happening again .
Many thanks to T Campbell for their input and their years of experience trying to figure out webcomics .
1985-1992 : The Stone Age . The earliest webcomics predate the World Wide Web and are almost as old as public online file transfer . Eric Monster Millikin , best known for the alt-strip FetusX , lays claim to the first online comic , a Wizard of Oz parody called “ Witches in Stitches ” that they distributed through CompuServe . Hans Bjordahl 's Where the Buffalo Roam , a gag strip published online through FTP and Usenet starting in 1991 , billed itself as “ The Internet 's First Comic Strip ” and was the first regularly updated online comic . Doctor Fun ( 1993 ) , a gag panel by David Farley , was the first comic published on the Web , with its own website and everything .
These were hairy and primitive times , with comics sparse on the ground . The few comics that made it online tended to be work by college students studying computer-tech stuff , since those were just about the only people with Internet access . Readers had to subscribe to mailing lists or Usenet groups and have comics emailed to them . How did we survive ? Well , I did n't . I was ten years old and just starting to think a computer would be a cool upgrade to my IBM Selectric typewriter . I always had very wrong ideas about cool . But not even I discovered webcomics until…
1993-1995 : The Bronze Age . With the Web successfully invented , cartoonists who were nerdy even by cartoonist standards began to colonize it with comics , mostly black-and-white , newspaper-style strips . Many were college newspaper strips posted on student websites ; some of these , like Darren Bluel 's Nukees ( launched in 1997 ) , continued long after their creators graduated from college . Now-familiar genres arose : computer/technology strips , gaming strips ( the first , Polymer City Chronicles , launched in 1995 ) , and general geek-interest strips like Steve Troop 's Star-Trek-reference-heavy sci-fi comic Melonpool ( 1996 ) .
Penny Arcade , the gaming-humor juggernaut that now earns Jerry Holkins and Mike Krahulik six-figure incomes and their own branded electronics convention , started in 1998 , as did Scott Kurtz 's eternally popular PvP , a workplace strip set at the offices of a gaming magazine . In the immortal words of Strongbad , webcomics were “ all about video games , gamernerds , webgeeks , dorknerds , gamewads , nerdgames , webwebs , and elves . ”
That said , some webcartoonists were already beginning to play with the possibilities of the form . Well do I remember sitting in front of my uncle 's modem-enabled computer in 1995 , waiting half an hour for each page of Charley Parker 's full-color , animation-embedded , visually experimental Argon Zark ! to load . Story-wise , Argon Zark ! is geeky simplicity itself : a nerdy guy , a hot girl , and a robot wander through the Intertubes encountering weird stuff . But Parker was playing with flashy and imaginative visual ideas when most webcartoonists were still drawing basic art with BASIC gags .
Parker was n't alone . Psychedelic alt-cartoonist Cat Garza launched their website , The Magic Inkwell , in 1996 . Jesse Reklaw 's Slow Wave , launched in 1995 and still running weekly , latched onto a smart , simple premise : readers emailed Reklaw descriptions of their dreams , and they adapted them into four-panel strips . It was a concept that would be hard to pull off without the instantaneous communication of the Web , and it presaged the importance of reader/creator back-and-forth in the webcomics world .
The first webcomic published from outside the U.S. , Dutch cartoonist Reinder Djikhuis 's Rogues of Clwyd-Rhan , launched in 1994 . Some print cartoonists started posting work online , most notably Dilbert creator Scott Adams , who built a loyal online fan following . Starting in 1995 , cartoonist Bil Holbrook began a daily Web-only strip , Kevin and Kell , in addition to their two newspaper strips , Safe Havens and On the Fasttrack , which they had syndicated since the 1980s .
1996-2000 : The Singularity . Around 1996 , as the online population touched a crucial event horizon , webcomics exploded . Suddenly you could even make money from these things ! Newspaper-style strips continued to dominate , but now the winning genre was the ongoing serial adventure strip , usually done with a heavy dollop of geeky comedy : Pete Abrams 's Sluggy Freelance ( 1997 ) , Jonathan Rosenberg 's Goats ( 1997 ) , Maritza Campos 's College Roomies from Hell ! ( 1999 ) , and my own Narbonic ( 2000 ) . Not all of these strips were sci-fi/fantasy nerdfests ; Chris Baldwin 's Bruno , launched in 1996 , was a gentle slice-of-life comic about the travails of a young woman , and brainy , surrealistic strips like Dorothy Gambrell 's Cat and Girl ( 1999 ) and Chris Onstad 's Achewood ( 2001 ) were and are uncategorizable .
Trendy art styles emerged . Manga-influenced art began to appear in the late '90s , most notably in Megatokyo ( 2000 ) , by Fred Gallagher and Rodney Caston . Furry cartoonists formed their own massive , insular community with its own stars , like Eric Schwartz 's Sabrina Online ( 1996 ) . With the success of sprite comics like Brian Clevinger 's 8-Bit Theater ( 2001 ) and clipart comics like Ryan North 's Daily Dinosaur Comics ( 2003 ) and David Malki 's Wondermark ( 2003 ) , people discovered that they did n't need to be able to draw to be webcartoonists . The barn door flew open .
Webcomics Explosion 1.0 climaxed with the publication of Scott McCloud 's Reinventing Comics in 2000 . Entranced by the possibilities of the Web , McCloud devoted a sizable chunk of their book to what they saw as the three areas where computer technology and comics could intersect : digital production ( producing comic art on the computer ) , digital delivery ( publishing comics online ) , and digital comics ( creating comics specifically designed for the Web ) . Reaction to Reinventing Comics was mixed , in both the print and web-based comics community , but McCloud was right in all the ways that counted . From here on out , comics and computers were increasingly inseparable .
2001-2006 : The Age of Shit Getting Real . Reinventing Comics ushered in a flowering of webcomics experimentation . Some webcartoonists were inspired by McCloud 's book ; others were just taking advantage of the new digital tools available for artists . Patrick Farley launched Electric Sheep Comics , a website for their many experimental comics projects , in 2000 . In 2002 , Cat Garza started Cuentos de la Frontera , an collection of Hispanic folk tales and urban legends adapted to explore McCloud 's idea of the online “ infinite canvas. ” Swiss cartoonist Demian5 published their silent infinite-canvas strip When I Am King in 2001 .
In 2001 , Justine Shaw posted an entire longform comic , Nowhere Girl , in a single chunk , in pages formatted to fit the Web . The word-of-email success of Nowhere Girl helped start a wave of online graphic novels . Around the same time , a loose group of cartoonists calling themselves Pants Press launched a number of smart , engaging longform comics , including Dylan Meconis 's vampire comedy Bite Me ! , Jen Wang 's supernatural romance Strings of Fate , Vera Brosgol 's surrealistic comedy Return to Sender , and Bill Mudron 's sci-fi crazyfest Anne Frank Conquers the Moon Nazis . The Pants Press comics were all the more impressive given that , except for Mudron , the artists were all teenagers . More online graphic novels followed , including Jenn Manley Lee 's sci-fi epic Dicebox ( 2002 ) , Spike Trotman 's alternate-universe bildungsroman Templar , AZ ( 2005 ) , Tracy Butler 's anthropomorphic 1920s gangster comic Lackadaisy ( 2006 ) , and Swedish artist Rene Engstrom 's slice-of-life drama Anders Loves Maria ( 2006 ) .
Autobiography became another popular frontier . In 2002 , James Kochalka moved their daily diary strip American Elf , which they had been drawing since 1998 , online , making it possible for them to post each strip the day after drawing it . Kochalka 's example inspired many other cartoonists to try their hand at online dairy strips . Some , like Jennie Breeden 's The Devil 's Panties ( 2001 ) and Jeffrey Rowland 's Overcompensating ( 2004 ) , mixed autobio with comedy and fantasy elements . Erika Moen 's DAR : A Super Girly Top Secret Comic Diary ( 2003 ) attracted attention and occasional controversy for its cheerfully frank portrayal of Moen 's shifting thoughts on sex and sexuality .
Truly it was a time of stunning invention ! Stunning invention and gaming comics ! But mostly gaming comics ! All this experimentation notwithstanding , the most popular webcomics tended to be gag strips about nerd interests . Strips about video games outstripped all else in popularity , with Penny Arcade and PvP standing atop a pile of lesser ( but still often enormously successful ) “ two gamers on a couch ” strips .
As the 2000s wore on , it became increasingly clear that gaming strips were just the most prominent example of a larger trend in webcomics : special-interest niche strips . One of the most successful webcomics of the era , Unshelved ( 2002 ) by Gene Ambaum and Bill Barnes , is a strip about librarians . The jokes may only be funny to people who work at libraries and bookstores , but a lot of people work at libraries and bookstores , and they all read Unshelved . The most esoteric and academic special-interest comics were often , nonintuitively , the most successful : the most widely-read webcomic today may be Randall Monroe 's xkcd ( 2005 ) , ground zero for obscure math and physics jokes , and few webcomics have been as warmly received as Kate Beaton 's brilliant , witty history comics .
During this period , web and print started to feed off each other . As the direct market became increasingly hostile to small-press comic books , a number of indie artists moved their work online . Phil and Kaja Foglio 's Girl Genius , which began life as a print comic in 2001 , became a phenomenon after it moved to the web in 2005 , attracting a massive readership and winning the Foglios two Hugo Awards ( the only two Graphic Story Hugos awarded to date ) . Other comics launched online , then moved into print . Gene Yang 's National Book Award-nominated graphic novel American Born Chinese ( 2006 ) was initially serialized on the webcomics site Modern Tales .
Also , during this period , webcartoonists learned how to draw . Historians remain unsure how or why this occurred .
2007-Present : The Age of This Whole App Thing . Throughout the 2000s , the reading habits of webcomics fans underwent a gradual shift . Graphic novels and ongoing serial strips gave way in popularity to stand-alone jokes that could be emailed , Liked , and shared . Nicholas Gurewitch 's sleeper hit The Perry Bible Fellowship ( 2001 ) paved the way for bushels of edgy gag strips like Cyanide and Happiness ( 2005 ) by Kris Wilson , Rob DenBleyker , Matt Melvin , and Dave McElfatrick . Few , if any , of these strips matched Perry Bible Fellowship for cleverness , skill at constructing gags , or visual imagination and polish ( over the strip 's run , the art evolved from sketchy to elaborate , including spot-on pastiches of artists like Shel Silverstein and R. Crumb ) , but that did n't hurt their popularity , especially after Gurewitch put the strip on hiatus in 2010 , leaving a gap for other cartoonists to fill .
Today , webcomics are increasingly moving off the Web , adapting to social media sites and mobile devices . Kate Beaton , for example , originally posted their comics on LiveJournal , until their readers demanded a dedicated website . Them work is now available on LiveJournal , Twitter , and their website , Hark ! A Vagrant ! Art-oriented social media sites like DeviantArt remain fertile soil for new webcomics to develop . Many webcartoonists are now using or building apps to distribute their comics over iPhones or other devices .
Webcomics are , in fact , becoming memes ; the most successful are those that can flee their original context and put a girdle round the earth , skipping from format to format . T Campbell argues that graphic/text memes like Hipster Ariel ( look it up ) are effectively comics . What 's more , they 're comics anyone can produce , publish , and share in minutes .
Is this the future of webcomics : stick figures and screencaps that can fit to an iPhone ? Maybe , but at the same time , good webcomics are better than ever . When I started drawing webcomics in 2000 , my chicken-scratch drawings and barely-legible lettering represented some of the better effort in the field . I could never have imagined that work on the level of Danielle Corsetto 's raunchy lady strip Girls with Slingshots , Ursula Vernon 's fantasy graphic novel Digger , or Blaise Larmee 's haunting experimental comic 2001 would be representative of the medium .
Let 's face it : webcomics are now better than regular comics . You can argue this statement , but remember , DC just took the red underpants off Superman 's costume again .
ANGELHOLM , Sweden — The Koenigsegg Regera pictured here is the same car that took the 2015 Geneva Motor Show by storm . This is the prototype , and we 're among the first outsiders in the world to get a crack at the hypercar that signals a new chapter in terms of design and technology for the boutique Swedish brand . This car in particular is a fair bit outside industry norms : Most auto show queens can barely eclipse walking speed ; this one will reportedly touch 249 mph . The production version aims for 255 .
Koenigsegg wo n't begin delivering fully baked models of the Regera until September . It plans to build only 80 copies of the 1,500-horsepower , carbon monocoque monster for about $ 1.89 million a pop , with half of them already spoken for . The Regera is stunning to look at , but when it comes to this car , it 's the drivetrain that 's the star of the show .
As creator Christian von Koenigsegg explains , “ Right now , when reversing , the gasoline engine runs in idle ; it 's only the electric motors that make the car move. ” Specifically , there are three electric motors , one connected to the crankshaft and one to power each rear wheel . The prototype 's steering wheel paddles select the car 's direction of travel . Left is reverse ; right is forward . Pull them simultaneously and you get park .
We pull the right paddle and the Regera moves ahead slowly , using electricity and the 5.0-liter , twin-turbo V-8 internal combustion engine together . There is no conventional multiratio transmission . Instead , there is a hydraulic coupling , dubbed HydraCoup , which is part of a patented piece of technology called Koenigsegg Direct Drive transmission or KDD .
“ The electric motors , placed after the hydraulic coupling , are major power sources up until [ about 30 mph ] when the [ gasoline engine 's ] crankshaft and the rear axle are running at the same speed . The engine [ behaves as though it ] is in ‘ seventh gear ' from the start , speedwise , ” Koenigsegg says . With no step-gear transmission in between , the engine links to the rear wheels via a 2.73:1 final drive , with HydraCoup essentially working as a torque converter as it allows for some slip . The engine rumble is muffled and it sounds similar to when it 's idling , but speed increases anyway as we continue forward . The hydraulic coupling is supposed to lock fully at 30 mph under normal acceleration . But Koenigsegg senses something is n't quite right .
“ My team installed new software late last night , and I think it locks the ‘ clutch ' a little too late , ” they assess . “ And that little twitch you felt at the lock , we intend to remove that completely. ” The jerkiness is barely perceptible , but certainly at some points during the run , I come to know when it occurs .
The Regera uses electricity when accelerating quickly , which helps plug gaps in the torque curve ; indeed , the electric motors also serve as a substitute for conventional gears . At low speeds , too , the majority of the power comes from electricity , but the setup also takes energy from the combustion engine into the hydraulic coupling for torque conversion . Electric power is available all the way up to about 249 mph , but with diminishing effect above 186 mph .
Koenigsegg urges me to push the throttle harder , and the Regera—Swedish for “ to reign ” or “ to rule ” —gallops immediately , in a blaze . Compared with other transmissions , manual or automatic , this one allegedly reduces powertrain losses by about 50 percent . For an already massively powerful , 1,100- horsepower engine like the Regera 's twin-turbo V-8 , that means about 50 additional ponies reach the rear wheels instead of disappearing into a gearbox . With additional power from the electric motors , Koenigsegg says the car can generate a combined peak output of 1,500 hp and 1,560 lb-ft , as the individual power curves of the V-8 and electric motors intersect .
As we continue down the road , the progenitor makes a request . “ Do n't pay too much attention to the engine noise . Some fasteners have been shaken loose in the prototype for our ‘ fishtail ' end pipes . I will ensure that these are screwed on tight for your afternoon driving . In addition , we lack catalytic converters and exhaust valves for the moment , so this is straight pipes . ”
The new bits arrive later in the day , and Koenigsegg beams as they feel the ultralight titanium parts . The exhaust system , constructed by Slovenian specialist Akrapovič , terminates in two narrow pieces forming a part of the car 's venturi tunnel . The flat side shape creates rapid exhaust pulses , desirable because the engine runs mostly at low revs . The center-located chrome exhaust is something of a dummy ; sitting inside are cooling fans for the electric motor package . “ It 's only when the car stops after a hard driving session that some hot air will come out of here , a little backwards and funny . ”
I approach a roundabout and brake , charging the batteries . In this prototype , that does n't mean the regenerative drag “ brakes ” the car as sharply as you feel in something like a Tesla Model S or BMW i3 . However , massive regeneration will be created with the production battery pack in place , actually far more than in the Model S and i3 . The Regera 's battery pack is a water-cooled , 620-volt , 9.27-kilowatt-hour unit Koenigsegg says is “ the most power-dense battery pack ever created for a road-going car. ” It can momentarily power the three electric motors to produce a combined 704 hp during hard acceleration , and the battery pack can absorb more than 150 kW under braking for energy regeneration with the engine in generator mode .
We head toward Ängelholm , Koenigsegg 's hometown . A positive effect from the previous slowdown is that the batteries are fully charged . Sadly , this confuses the new software , and red numbers appear on the digital display among telemetry visible only on this prototype . I accelerate slowly ; the Regera moves erratically . The batteries need to drain slightly , so we activate all-electric mode . “ We intend to offer EV mode on customer cars , but it 's mostly designed to be used in garages , or maybe if you come home late [ and want to be quiet ] , ” Koenigsegg says . Production Regeras will feature a battery-drain mode to ensure drivers arrive at their final destination with batteries ready for quick plug-in rejuicing .
Upon arrival at the manufacturer 's airfield test track , engineer Alex Olsson only needs a minute to rectify the software issue , something they could also have done remotely through the car 's 4G network . The Regera has been running around 20 to 30 hours per week since returning from last year 's Geneva show ; how many miles it has covered is hard to say because the trip computer has been reset or replaced several times . Regardless , the driving experience is a new sensation , perhaps a combination of the feel you get from electric cars like the Model S , which also has no conventional gearbox , and a combustion-engine vehicle with a continuously variable transmission . But while a CVT sends revs to the sky and waits for road speed to reach the corresponding level , here we have drive straight from the crankshaft fairly early during acceleration .
From about 30 mph and 2,000 rpm , it is possible to sit back and wait for 249 mph—with the support of the three electric motors . The power is brutal , efficient , and shockingly easy to use . The Regera is smooth in town and smooth in its pursuit of centrifuge-like speed . Koenigsegg promises the production version , which was presented at this year 's Geneva show , will accelerate from 0 to 62 mph in 2.8 seconds , 0 to 124 mph in 6.6 , and 0 to 186 in just 10.9 , with only 3.9 seconds needed to go from 93 to 155 . Find enough open space and the Regera , they say , will do 0 to 248 in 20 seconds .
Trouble is , rain is now falling . Not to mention the car is on winter tires . The Michelin rubber measures 225/45R-19 at the front and 285/45R-19 at the rear , but the Regera 's regular carbon-fiber wheels use wider tires measuring 275/35R-19 and 345/30R-20 . Still , the long asphalt strip ahead of the heavily curved windshield looks tempting . I floor the gas pedal , though not fully since the three-mode traction control system is not yet incorporated . After the car predictably leaves two lines of black rubber behind , Koenigsegg mentions it is possible to spin the rear wheels all the way to 174 mph on dry surfaces . Thanks , then , for the Koenigsegg-engineered , oversized carbon-ceramic brakes that measure 15.63 inches up front and 14.96 in the rear , with six- and four-piston calipers , respectively .
The Regera , however , is n't about its astonishing brakes . It 's about bone-crushing acceleration . Koenigsegg is developing launch control , naturally , that will hold the gasoline engine at around 4,000 rpm before the car lights off . And as the wind pushes raindrops across the windshield , the Regera 's exhaust fills the hybrid hypercar 's cabin with a noise just short of the sound of thunder . In its unfinished state , the exhaust is superlative , broadcasting deafening booms from the twin-turbocharged V-8 . Although , when the final system is installed , Koenigsegg states that the tone will be quite different . Its euphony , then , ca n't be quantified . Yet .
From 30 mph and 2,000 rpm , it is possible to sit back and wait for 249 mph—with the support of the three electric motors .
While Koenigsegg 's CC8S and CCR provide a more reclined seating position , like in a Formula 1 car , the CCX and onward are spacious and ergonomically better . Sure , it still requires some exercise and agility to enter or exit the cabin , but Koenigsegg refines its cars more with each installment . This prototype rolls on a medium damper setting , which works fine over uneven ground and leaves your kidneys intact . A hydraulic lift system , both front and rear , can raise the Regera for crossing a speed bump—if you remember to press the button . ( Koenigsegg forgot once . They laughed . I cried . )
After some hefty acceleration runs , I make some sharp turns to feel the chassis balance . The hydraulic steering is heavy and has little power assistance , but it feels mechanical and genuine . But it 's difficult to discern its ultimate communication with the driver , as the car is wearing winter tires , and engineers are still finalizing the weight distribution .
Meanwhile , other improvements are in the pipeline . Wheel housings will receive soundproofing mats made from an allegedly never-before-used material ; engineers are finalizing additional damper settings ; the small storage compartment in front of the passenger will feature inductive charging for external devices . The electrically actuated , hydraulic mirrors and doors will have parking sensors and cameras , making sure you do n't accidentally open them into obstacles .
Ah , that last point elicits a chuckle . Obstacles ? Er , no . As the Regera testifies , that 's not usually a noun in Koenigsegg 's vocabulary .
2016 Koenigsegg Regera Specifications
Update 02/03/2012 : A U of S student has been arrested in connection to the assault .
[ hr ] A six-week delay in notifying the campus community about a reported sexual assault has stirred up questions over the university 's policy when responding to violent attacks .
The incident , which is said to have happened in the McEown Park high-rise residences during the early morning hours of Jan. 1 , was announced in a mass email sent out to students , faculty and staff at the University of Saskatchewan on Feb. 17 . The message said university officials were notified of the assault in early January , that drugs were likely involved and that the investigation was being conducted by the Saskatoon Police Service .
[ toggle title_open= ” Hide ” title_closed= ” Click here to read the email sent to students on Feb. 17. ” hide= ” yes ” border= ” no ” style= ” white ” excerpt_length= ” 0″ read_more_text= ” Read More ” read_less_text= ” Read Less ” include_excerpt_html= ” no ” ] [ box type= ” tick ” icon= ” none ” border= ” full ” ]
University of Saskatchewan students , faculty and staff :
In early January 2012 , the University of Saskatchewan 's Department of Campus Safety received a report of a sexual assault against a female occurring in McEown Park student residence on the university 's Saskatoon campus . It was reported that alcohol and other drugs may have been involved in the assault . This incident was first reported to , and is being investigated by , the Saskatoon Police Service . The university is fully co-operating in this investigation .
I urge anyone who feels they may have information related to this incident to contact the Saskatoon Police Service at 975-8300 .
I also encourage you to take personal safety precautions , as outlined by Campus Saftey and to always take precautionary measures with alcohol and other drugs .
Sincerely ,
David Hannah , Associate Vice-President Student Affairs
For more information , contact :
Saskatoon Police Service at 975-8300 [ /box ] [ /toggle ]
Saskatoon police spokesperson Alyson Edwards said police were sent to hospital on Jan. 1 to interview the victim , where they were being treated for sexual assault-related injuries . A suspect has not been named . However , Edwards said the perpetrator was not a stranger to the victim .
The StarPhoenix reported Feb. 28 that the victim is not a current U of S student .
Scott Hitchings , president of the U of S students ' union , said the delayed timing of the announcement was an oversight by administration and feels the university has not treated the incident with “ the weight it deserves. ” Students need to know when a violent act occurs on campus , they said .
“ The university needs to carve out a policy and make it strict , where if there is a very serious incident — such as a sexual assault — the university community is made aware of it as soon as possible , ” Hitchings said .
In an email to the Sheaf , David Hannah , associate vice-president of student affairs , said the incident did not set off an immediate campus-wide alert because based on the initial details , the university did not think there was a continuing threat to the community .
“ After meeting with the victim 's family , and reviewing the changing standard for such warnings at other institutions , we had second thoughts about this , and decided to send a notice out even if we were n't sure there was an imminent risk to the campus community , in the interest of erring on the side of safety , ” they wrote .
Following two high-profile sexual assaults on campus in 2003 and 2004 , the university called for an external review of safety policies on campus . The ensuing report offered dozens of recommendations , including increased foot patrols by Campus Safety , more cameras in central locations and a 24-hour SafeWalk program . Additionally , the report recommended posting “ alerts electronically via email within 24 hours of the incident being reported to security . ”
“ The university 's response after the two reported incidents of assault was considered slow and somewhat disorganized , ” the report summary said . “ The campus community was not made aware of the assaults . The university has a duty to inform its community of incidents on campus that may have an impact on public safety . ”
The victim of the 2003 attack , which happened inside the Little Stone School House , says they are upset with the university 's decision to wait several weeks to announce details of the recent sexual assault .
[ box type= ” info ” ] Related : Giving victims a voice : university 's handling of New Year 's Eve assault too little , too late [ /box ]
“ Now , nine years later , the university has forgotten these [ recommendations ] . In neglecting to inform the students and employees of this recent assault in a timely manner , the [ administration ] put the campus community at risk , ” the former student wrote in an email to the Sheaf . They wished to remain anonymous .
Following the 2004 safety review , Hannah said , the university chose to instead send email notifications only when there was an ongoing or continuing threat to the public . But “ this incident has caused us to go back and review that policy , ” they said in a subsequent interview .
“ We did n't want to desensitize the campus community with notices coming out all the time ; then people stop paying attention , ” said Hannah . “ But after further thought , maybe that is the better risk to take . We send the notifications out and let the public make the call on what actions to take . ”
Hannah said a new formal policy will clearly outline what events will result in a campus-wide notice and how quickly those notifications will go out . The university has also recently purchased an emergency text messaging system that students voluntarily subscribe to their mobile numbers and then receive a text message if an emergency situation arises on campus . The system is expected to launch by the end of the semester .
Meanwhile , the victim of the McEown Park attack has recently come forward , frustrated with the pace of the police investigation . They told the StarPhoenix they have provided the police with the names of witnesses , the dorm number where the attack took place and the phone number of the suspect , but still no progress has been made .
The police said two investigators have been assigned to the case and they are working on interviewing witnesses and building a strong case before making an arrest .
According to the StarPhoenix report , the victim , only referred to as Sara , said they met a group of people through a friend at a Saskatoon nightclub on New Year 's Eve . Sometime before closing , one of the men in the group bought Sara a shot of alcohol , which they believe was laced with some sort of drug .
Surveillance footage shows the group entering the McEown residences at approximately 4 a.m. , where Sara was “ violently sexually assaulted for hours. ” During those hours , they would periodically wake up paralyzed and see a man sexually assault them before losing consciousness again . At 10 a.m. , as the assault continued , they escaped and attempted to find a ride home .
Sara said they feel no shame and has nothing to hide . They went public with their story , they said , to inform the community that sexual assaults such as this are happening in Saskatoon and victims are not receiving justice .
“ It should be up to the public to decide what is a threat , ” Sara told the StarPhoenix . “ I met them once and they did this ? People meet every day . ”
—
Photo : Raisa Pezderic/The Sheaf
Neuroscientists have discovered that reading a novel can improve brain function on a variety of levels . The recent study on the brain benefits of reading fiction was conducted at Emory University . The study titled , “ Short- and Long-Term Effects of a Novel on Connectivity in the Brain , '' was recently published in the journal Brain Connectivity .
The researchers found that becoming engrossed in a novel enhances connectivity in the brain and improves brain function . Interestingly , reading fiction was found to improve the reader 's ability to put themselves in another person 's shoes and flex the imagination in a way that is similar to the of a muscle in .
Modern day reading habits continue to evolve in a digital age . Statistics vary on exactly how many people are reading novels this decade compared to decades past . There is a definite trend for general readers to buy more fiction than nonfiction books—and to get facts , news and crystallized knowledge from the internet . In 2012 , only four of the top twenty books were nonfiction titles .
`` People are interested in escape , '' says Carol Fitzgerald of the Book Report Network . `` In a number of pages , the story will open , evolve and close , and a lot of what 's going on in the world today is not like that . You 've got this encapsulated escape that you can enjoy . ''
When Was the Last Time You Read a Good Novel ?
Are you someone who likes to read novels ? Surprisingly , 42 % of college graduates will never read a book again after graduating from college . A 2012 “ Pew Internet and American Life Project ” survey found that people who like to read fiction are driven by personal enrichment and described what they liked about reading saying things like : “ I being exposed to ideas and being able to experience so many times , places , and events. ” Another person was quoted as saying , “ I look at it as a mind stimulant , and it is relaxing. ” Others expressed the pleasure of living vicariously through a character and having another “ life of the mind . ”
According to the study , reading is a lifestyle that is also driven by a desire to unplug from a constant stream of visual information . Readers said things like : “ It 's better for me to imagine things in my head than watch them on TV ... It 's an alternate to TV that beats TV every time ... Reading is better than anything electronic. ” One respondent captured the general sentiment of avid fiction readers by saying , `` I love being able to get outside myself . ”
One of the benefits of getting outside yourself by putting yourself in someone else 's shoes through a novel is that it improves theory of mind . As the father of a 6-year-old , I realize the imaginative and cognitive benefits of children losing themselves in a good story and to empathize with a fictional character . Although lots of people are still reading fiction , this new study confirms that people of all ages should be encouraged to increase reading time while striving to reduce TV time .
The average American home has 2.86 TV sets , which is roughly 18 % higher than in the year 2000 ( 2.43 sets per home ) , and 43 % higher than in 1990 ( 2.0 sets ) . In America , there are currently more televisions per home than human beings . On average , children under the age of 8 spend over 90 minutes a day watching television or DVDs .
Nearly 33 % of American children live in a household where the television is on all or most of the time . Children between the ages 8-18 years old watch an average of three hours of television a day . On average , 61 % of children under two use some type of screen technology and 43 % watch television every day . This is disturbing to me .
One of the problems of watching television is that it reduces theory of mind . Theory of mind ( often abbreviated `` ToM '' ) is the ability to attribute mental states—beliefs , intents , desires , pretending , knowledge , etc.—to oneself and others and to understand that others have beliefs , desires , and intentions that are different from one 's own .
Unfortunately , television is the least interactive of any new and is the one most likely to reduce theory of mind . A paper titled “ The Relation Between Television Exposure and Theory of Mind Among Preschoolers ” was published in November 2013 in the Journal of Communication . The researchers found that preschoolers who have a TV in their bedroom and are exposed to more background TV have a weaker of other people 's beliefs and desires , and reduced cognitive development .
Reading Improves Brain Connectivity
The changes caused by reading a novel were registered in the left temporal cortex , an area of the brain associated with receptivity for language , as well as the the primary sensorimotor region of the brain . Neurons of this region have been associated with tricking the mind into thinking it is doing something it is not , a phenomenon known as grounded , or embodied .
An example of embodied cognition is similar to visualization in sports—just thinking about playing basketball , can activate the neurons associated with the physical act of playing basketball .
“ The changes that we found associated with physical sensation and movement systems suggest that reading a novel can transport you into the body of the protagonist , ” said neuroscientist Professor Gregory S. Berns , lead author of the study . The ability to put yourself in someone else 's shoes improves theory of mind .
“ Stories shape our lives and in some cases help define a person , ” said Dr. Berns , director of Emory University 's Center for Neuropolicy in Atlanta . They added , “ We want to understand how stories get into your brain , and what they do to it . ”
The storytelling aspect of a novel is a multi-faceted form of communication that engages a broad range of brain regions . Although several linguistic and literary theories describe what constitutes a story , neurobiological research has just begun to identify the brain networks that are active when processing stories .
To determine a time frame of which connectivity in the brain lasted the longest , the researchers measured changes in resting-state connectivity before and after reading a novel . The researchers chose a novel over a short story because the length and depth of the novel would allow them to a set of repeated engagements with associated , unique stimuli ( sections of the novel ) set in a broader , controlled stimulus context that could be consumed between several periods in a brain scan .
The researchers took fMRI scans of the brains of 21 undergraduate students while they rested . Then the students were asked to read sections of the 2003 thriller novel “ Pompeii ” by Robert Harris over nine nights . The students ' brains were scanned each morning following the nightly reading assignment , and then again daily for five days after they had finished the book .
Conclusion : Reading Improves Embodied Cognition and Theory of Mind
The scans revealed heightened connectivity within the students ' brains on the mornings following the reading assignments . The areas with enhanced connectivity included the students ' left temporal cortex , an area of the brain associated with language comprehension , as well as in the brain 's central sulcus , which is associated with sensations and movement .
`` The anterior ( front ) bank of the sulcus contains neurons that control movement of parts of the body , '' Berns noted . Adding , `` The posterior ( rear ) bank contains neurons that receive sensory input from the parts of the body . Enhanced connectivity here was a surprise finding , but it implies that , perhaps , the act of reading puts the reader in the body of the protagonist . ''
The ability to put yourself in someone else 's shoes through embodied cognition is key to improving theory of mind and also the ability to be compassionate . Although this study does not directly draw these conclusions , it seems like common sense that if we encourage our children to read—as opposed to tuning out through television—theory of mind and the ability to be compassionate to another person 's suffering will improve .
Reading a good novel allows your imagination to take flight . Novels allow you to forget about your day-to-day troubles and to transport yourself to a fantasy world that becomes a reality in your mind 's eye . Rarely is the movie adaptation of a book ever quite as good as the original novel . Even the most advanced special effects will always fall short of the visual power of your own imagination .
Berns concluded , `` At a minimum , we can say that reading stories—especially those with strong narrative arcs—reconfigures brain networks for at least a few days . It shows how stories can stay with us . This may have profound implications for children and the role of reading in shaping their brains . ''
Finding a good novel can be tough . I generally only finish about a third of the books I start . Goodreads did a year end ‘ Best Fiction of 2013 ' reader 's choice awards which has some terrific suggestions for novels that you might enjoy .
If you 'd like to read more on this topic , check out my Psychology Today blogs :
Follow me on Twitter @ ckbergland for updates on The Athlete 's Way blog posts .
The godfather of physical fitness , Jack LaLanne , died at their coastal California home in Morro Bay from respiratory failure due to pneumonia . They were 96 .
“ He was surrounded by their family and passed very peacefully and in no distress … and with the football game on Sunday , so everything was normal , ” their daughter Yvonne LaLanne , 66 , told Reuters .
Only two years ago , LaLanne , still a poster boy for vitality , told PEOPLE that young stars such as Britney Spears – who was going through physical and emotional problems at the time – needed to “ develop pride and discipline ” and watch what they put into their bodies , or as they put it : “ the right fuel in the machine . ”
As for keeping body and soul together , “ It 's got to start with young kids , ” LaLanne told PEOPLE .
PHOTOS : Tribute : The Stars We Lost This Year
LaLanne , who stood only 5 ' 6″ , did n't start watching how they lived until they were 15 . Born Francois Henri LaLanne in San Francisco ( his parents were French immigrants ) , they felt the effects of sugar and bleached flour in their diet . After hearing a health lecture , they devoted their life to following a diet of raw , unprocessed foods . Their staples : two meals a day and no snacks .
And did they ever exercise , relentlessly . At age 60 , noted The New York Times , they swam from Alcatraz Island to Fisherman s Wharf while pulling a 1,000-pound boat – and while handcuffed . At 70 , shackled again , they pulled 70 people in 70 boats 1 miles through Long Beach Harbor .
As they liked to say , “ I ca n't die . It would ruin my image . ”
LaLanne opened the nation 's first modern health club in California 's Oakland , in 1936 , and it featured exercise equipment , a juice bar and health food store . Eventually this developed into a 100-strong Jack LaLanne gym chain across the country . They would also market a highly successful juicer .
Their syndicated The Jack LaLanne Show , which opened with theirs performing jumping jacks under the credits in their signature belted jumpsuits , debuted in daytime in 1959 and ran for 34 years , solidifying their reputation . After more than 3,000 shows , LaLanne , who owned all rights , repackaged the program and leased it to ESPN Classic .
Besides their daughter , Yvonne , they are survived by a son , Dan Doyle ; their wife , Elaine ; and their son , Jon .
CTV Vancouver
Vancouver police are on the hunt for a suspected hit-and-run driver who drove off after striking a cyclist late Monday night .
At around 11:30 p.m. , the 27-year-old cyclist was struck by a car heading southbound on Main Street as they were crossing on 18th Avenue , according to police .
They were taken to hospital by ambulance with minor injuries including facial scratches and bruises and upper body soreness .
Witnesses said a red vehicle slowed down and stopped for a moment , then kept driving south on Main Street .
“ There would have been no way the driver was not aware of striking the cyclist and the vehicle will have some front-end damage , ” Sgt . Randy Fincham said in an email .
It is unclear whether the cyclist was using a light on their bike at the time of the incident .
A suspect or vehicle description has not been released .
Living World Season 2 kicks off this week in Guild Wars 2 , and to celebrate we 're declaring this as Guild Wars 2 Week on Ten Ton Hammer . Each day from June 30th through July 4th we 'll be rolling out some fresh , exclusive content for GW2 fans to enjoy in their own personal real living world . Check out the full schedule of activities below . Each day we 'll add direct links to the latest GW2 content so that you can also use this page as a handy reference point .
Guild Wars 2 Week - Complete Schedule
Monday , June 30 - Scarlet is Dead ! T-Shirt Giveaways
Want to win an official `` Scarlet is Dead '' Guild Wars 2 shirt of your very own ? We 've got not just one , but two contests for double the chances to win one of 20 t-shirts we 'll be sending out to the winners next week .
Contest entry details : GW2 Scarlet is Dead T-Shirt Giveaway !
Tuesday , July 1 - Official Start of Living World Season 2
We 're kicking off Living World Season 2 in style with an in-depth look at what the future holds for Guild Wars 2 players based on our recent discussions with ArenaNet during E3 2014 .
We 'll also be joining Living World game director Steven Waller in-game on Tuesday for a guided tour of the first Season 2 content . Expect to see a hefty amount of video and commentary from our sessions over on GuildWars2Hub.com later this week .
Read the full preview : Guild Wars 2 Living World Season 2 Preview
Wednesday , July 2 - Season 2 Impressions
There were a lot of great updates in Living World Season 1 , but how will Season 2 stack up ? We 'll offer up our first impressions , along with some additional thoughts on what ArenaNet may have up its sleeves as Season 2 progresses .
Livestream : We 'll be livestreaming GW2 beginning at 9AM PST on Wednesday , so be sure to tune in on the official Ten Ton Hammer Twitch channel !
Read our full impressions : Guild Wars 2 Gates of Maguuma Impressions
Thursday , July 3 - Season 1+2= ?
Rampant speculation abounds in this no-holds-barred analysis of what we think might be looming just over the horizon for Guild Wars 2 fans .
Friday , July 4 - Barlow 's Box o ' Fun
To cap the first official Guild Wars 2 Week on Ten Ton Hammer we 've got something extra special planned , but we 're keeping it a secret for now . Be sure to tune in to Ten Ton Hammer this Friday to find out what our mystery box content will be !
This will also be the final day for entering our Scarlet is Dead t-shirt giveaway , so do n't forget to post your best images or poems for double the chances to win !
More on Guild Wars 2 Living World Season Two
If you 're looking for more info on Living World Season Two , be sure to visit our network fan site for all things GW2-related , GW2Hub.com . As always , our team over on the 'Hub will be posting plenty of guides to all the important bits of each Living World update . In the meantime , here are a few articles you 'll want to check out to help get you up to speed :
Introduction
Cell towers are ubiquitous . Their number is increasing at an incredible pace . Within short cycles newer and faster wireless standards sweep the market and demand change in infrastructure . While there are no apparent strings attached , as health studies show , awareness of this integral part of our cityscapes is alarmingly low . Both in plain sight and still invisible , mobile antennas and their inner workings are a manifestation of how technology left many people behind . We are `` always on '' . But we do n't care how .
+ Zoom in - Zoom Out C Center map Use the icons on the upper left or double-tap the map to zoom . When zoomed in , labels for each tower will appear . Click these for details .
The map
With data gathered from the Bundesnetzagentur , the map illustrates all 11.500 mobile antennas inside the `` Berliner Ring '' in the form of a heatmap . The `` hotter '' the area , the denser it is populated by antennas that sit on towers in varying numbers . Explore !
Red indicates > 45 antennas per tower at maximum zoom .
Win-Win Situation
LTE , an acronym for Long-Term Evolution , provides nearly ten times the speed of the average wired connection in german households . It will be the de-facto standard in the coming years . But the just-announced fifth generation ( 5G ) of wireless delivery will outperform LTE thousandfold . Neelie Kroes , digital adviser to the European Commission , invests heavily in the new standards . For obvious reasons : Germany made in excess of 50 billion € selling off UMTS-licenses . A steady source of revenue .
GSM GSM/EDGE UMTS UMTS/HSDPA LTE 800 LTE Older standards are dwarfed by LTE , which provides a theoretical speed of 150 Mbit/s .
Crowdsourcing
While bulk data about providers is not available to the public , we encourage you to exercise your right to request up to 5 certificates and send them in if you live inside the Berliner Ring . This will enable us to add field intensity and market distribution to the topology .
About
Black Lives Matter demonstrators are silhouetted against a banner as they march from the Minneapolis Police Department 's 4th Precinct to City Hall Tuesday afternoon .
Updated : 9:17 p.m. | Posted : 2:44 a.m .
The latest :
as part of an investigation into the shooting of 5 Monday night.• The fourth , a 32-year-old Hispanic man , • Gov . Daytonto 4th Precinct protests over security concerns.• A Black Lives Matter organizer saidto north Minneapolis for a concert outside the precinct after rallying downtown in front of City Hall
_____________________
Five people were shot late Monday night near the 4th Precinct police station in north Minneapolis where crowds have gathered for more than a week to protest the police shooting of Jamar Clark , 24 .
Three white men — ages 21 , 23 and 26 — are in custody as part of the investigation into Monday night 's shootings , Minneapolis police said Tuesday .
The 26- and 21-year-olds turned themselves on Tuesday , according to police . The third man was arrested in Bloomington earlier that day .
Another , a 32-year-old Hispanic man , who was arrested in south Minneapolis Tuesday , has been released . Minneapolis Police said they determined the man was not at the scene outside the 4th Precinct Monday night .
Activists at the 4th Precinct shared videos of people they thought were the shooters early Tuesday morning . Doualy Xaykaothao | MPR News
Authorities said the suspects ' names will be released upon charging .
None of the five victims ' injuries was life-threatening , said Minneapolis police spokesperson John Elder . Three of the victims were driven to North Memorial Medical Center after the shooting , Elder said , and two others were taken by ambulance to Hennepin County Medical Center .
On Tuesday morning , Gov . Mark Dayton called the shootings a `` cowardly , criminal act '' and said they believed the suspects will be `` brought to justice . ''
At the same time , they said they hoped protesters would heed the pleas of Jamar Clark 's family to end the protests outside the precinct amid safety concerns .
Minneapolis police cordoned off a section of road near the 1400 block of Morgan Avenue in north Minneapolis late Monday night after five people were shot , just a block from the police department 's 4th Precinct . Doualy Xaykaothao | MPR News
`` I think this underscores the treacherous nature of a significant number of people who are intermingling without any way of safeguarding people engaged in peaceful protests , '' Dayton told MPR News . `` It underscores the vulnerability of peaceful citizens exercising their First Amendment rights . ''
However , protesters who gathered again Tuesday morning outside the 4th Precinct said they will not leave , despite the shooting .
`` A planned hate crime ''
Black Lives Matter spokesperson Miski Noor called Monday night 's shootings `` a planned hate crime and an act of terrorism . '' They told reporters this afternoon that the group was recommitting to `` our occupation '' outside the 4th Precinct `` until we get justice . ''
They also slammed the police response to the shooting . `` We have zero faith in this police department 's desire to keep our community safe , '' they added .
A Minneapolis police officer investigates the site of Monday night 's shooting . Jeff Wheeler | Star Tribune via AP
Witnesses said Monday night 's demonstration was a peaceful gathering that turned into chaos at about 10:45 p.m .
Protesters said they had formed a group to walk people away from their 4th Precinct encampment who were causing problems . About a block away from the demonstrations , the shots were fired .
One of the lead protest groups , Black Lives Matter Minneapolis , posted on its Facebook page that `` 5 unarmed protesters shot by white supremacists who were asked to leave & followed out . One block up they shot one in leg & 1 in stomach . ''
Jie Wronski-Riley was among the protesters following the people leaving the scene .
`` Then it was like they just turned around and they just started shooting . At first I was n't sure . I was like , are they shooting firecrackers ? Because it was so loud , and there was all this , like , sulfur , or whatever , '' Wronski-Riley said . `` Then it was like the person right next to me on my left went down and the person on my right went down , and I was like , they 're actually shooting at us . They 're shooting bullets at us . ''
Rumors about the nature of the shootings — and the shooters — spread quickly through the encampment . Twitter feeds , using the hashtags # Justice4Jamar and # FourthPrecinctShutdown that they 'd been using all week , lit up the Internet with theories of the shooters ' identities and police involvement .
`` I do n't want to perpetuate rumor , '' U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison , who has joined the group throughout the week-plus demonstration , said after the shootings .
`` I 'd rather just try to get the facts out . That 's a better way to go , '' they added . `` I 'm not trying to say they were n't white supremacists . But I just have n't been able to piece together enough information to say with any real clarity . ''
U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison said , as they spoke with people at the precinct soon after Monday night 's shooting , many people told them they were hurting . Doualy Xaykaothao | MPR News
Ellison met with some of the bundled-up demonstrators after the Monday night shootings . Temperatures in Minneapolis barely reached 30 degrees in the early hours of Tuesday morning .
`` I am worried about people 's safety , I really am , '' they said . `` There was a shooting down the street tonight . But it 's also the elements . People out here could get frostbitten . ''
Demonstrations continue
Eddie Sutton , a brother of Jamar Clark , issued a statement from Clark 's family thanking protesters for peaceful demonstrations but pleading for the gathered crowd to end their demonstration : `` Out of imminent concern for the safety of the occupiers , we must get the occupation of the 4th precinct ended and onto the next step . ''
Black Lives Matter Minneapolis reiterated the group 's commitment to the demonstrations early Tuesday morning in a Facebook post . The group has rallied , marched and prayed outside the police department 's 4th Precinct for more than a week since Clark 's shooting . It led a march through Minneapolis to City Hall Tuesday afternoon , then returned to the precinct for an evening concert .
Hundreds of demonstrators marched peacefully along 7th Street and into downtown Minneapolis where they held a short rally Tuesday afternoon . Judy Griesedieck for MPR News
Some University of Minnesota students walked out of classes to join the marchers . Students from Minneapolis Southwest High School also left class to protest in the Linden Hills neighborhood and staged a `` die-in '' at 50th Street and France Avenue in Edina .
Michael McDowell , a Black Lives Matter organizer , said the group 's leaders have a possible date in mind when they will leave the precinct .
`` We may not necessarily stay at the precinct until the tapes are released , '' they said , `` but we will continue to escalate until the tapes are released . ''
Organizers are n't prepared to make the date public yet , McDowell said . `` We do have a clear date but we 're not going to put it out there yet . We like to keep folks guessing , I guess , '' they said , adding that north Minneapolis neighbors might choose to remain after Black Lives Matter leaves . `` Mostly , we also got community input and the community 's not ready to leave . ''
Protesters are planning a Thanksgiving meal at the precinct Thursday .
Investigation : Where it stands
Authorities have said police shot Clark , 24 , during a struggle with police after they interfered with paramedics who were trying to assist an assault victim . But some people who said they saw the shooting allege Clark was handcuffed .
Protesters and Clark 's family have been calling for investigators to release video of the shooting . The state Bureau of Criminal Apprehension said it has video from the ambulance , a mobile police camera and other sources , but none of it shows the event in its entirety . The agency , which is conducting a state investigation , said releasing the footage now would taint its investigation .
A federal criminal civil rights investigation is also underway , to determine whether police intentionally violated Clark 's civil rights through excessive force .
Federal authorities are coordinating with the city 's police department to see if federal action is appropriate , said Ben Petok , a spokesperson for U.S. Attorney for Minnesota Andy Luger .
A demonstrator carries a sign demanding the release of video footage from the time of Jamar Clark 's shooting death . Protesters gathered outside the 4th Precinct police station for a candlelight vigil and rally Thursday . Judy Griesedieck for MPR News
It 's unclear whether authorities will choose to classify the Monday night shootings as a hate crime .
A recent case in Minnesota that authorities say was motivated by bias against foreigners did not result in hate-crime charges after prosecutors determined that doing so would have resulted in a lesser charge .
In that case , a Somali-American woman who was speaking Swahili at an Applebee 's in Coon Rapids was assaulted with a beer mug by a woman who told them to speak English . Anoka County proseuctors charged Jodie Burchard-Risch with third-degree felony assault .
Authorities said as a hate crime , it would have been considered a gross misdemeanor .
Demonstrators undeterred by shootings
By late Tuesday afternoon , organizers had regrouped to lead the march of more than 1,000 people through north Minneapolis that included a stop at the site where Jamar Clark was shot . Part of that march then headed for downtown Minneapolis and a rally outside City Hall before heading back toward the 4th Precinct station at around 5:15 p.m .
In that afternoon crowd stood Wesley Martin , 18 , who said they were among the five shot Monday night .
They said they were following some suspicious-looking men out of the protest when words were exchanged and that people started charging after someone used a racial slur .
`` I 'm running . I get to the corner . I feel something go right through my leg , '' they recalled . `` I thought I fell or something like that . But I went to pull up my pant leg , and all I see is blood . I sat down , and after that , I do n't remember anything . ''
Wesley Martin says they were among those shot last night . They say the violence wo n't keep them from demonstrating pic.twitter.com/6QuspbnHum — Peter Cox ( @ peterncox ) November 24 , 2015
`` I feel like I ca n't walk on the street without looking around my back , '' Martin said .
But the violence , they added , would not keep them from demonstrating .
MPR News reporters Laura Yuen , Brandt Williams , Mukhtar Ibrahim , Jon Collins and Russell Barnes contributed to this report .
Asbestos spread through their share house , but these women had to fight for months to get compensation
Updated
It 's a tenant 's worst nightmare ; after complaining for more than six months about a leaking tap in their bathroom shower , Ella Gleeson and Morgana Russell finally had a plumber turn up .
But it was no easy fix . The repair job wound up exposing them to potentially deadly asbestos-laden dust for a week .
It was the beginning of a four-month battle to get compensation , and a stark reminder of huge gaps in the law in some states when it comes to protecting tenants from potentially hazardous risks .
The 26-year-old students did n't suspect anything when the plumber finished their work on April 20 .
`` I just assumed they knew what they were doing , '' Ms Gleeson said .
`` When they were finished , the hole they had cut in the tiles above the bathtub was still there .
`` He was like , 'that 's for the handyman to fix ' . There was just a giant hole in the wall . There was dust everywhere . ''
Ms Russell added : `` I saw a hole in our shower wall . I saw dust all over . ''
They waited — but no handyman came to seal up the wall . After three days , they decided to clean up the mess .
`` The dust just spread around the house , '' Ms Gleeson said .
On the fourth day their brother , a carpenter , visited .
`` I showed them and their face dropped . 'That 's asbestos ' . So then we just panicked , '' Ms Gleeson said .
Asbestos confirmed , but clearance certificate later issued
The women say they were initially dismissed by the property manager . The manager denies that .
But all agree it took a further 48 hours for a test for asbestos to be carried out .
The results were what they feared : asbestos .
The women were told not to re-enter the house and removalists were called in .
`` The house was locked down , [ there was ] tape over it saying 'asbestos , do not enter ' . Bags of our stuff were out the front of our house , '' Ms Russell said .
After receiving alternative accommodation at a hotel , the women were told a clearance certificate had been issued .
It declared the areas that had been inspected were safe for re-occupation . They could move back in .
But there was one problem : work on the shower had n't finished .
`` There was a giant hole in the wall , and they just expected us to go back . And when we questioned them with that , they dumped a portaloo shower in our driveway , '' Ms Gleeson said .
The tenants did n't feel safe returning to the house . They questioned the clearance certificate , which was only based on air monitoring in three rooms .
They knew dust from the work in the bathroom had spread throughout the property .
' A merry-go-round of talking to different agencies '
They went to Victoria 's Civil and Administrative Tribunal ( VCAT ) to force the landlord to do more testing , and remove carpets they say had been covered in asbestos dust . They lost .
To challenge the clearance certificate , they would have had to pay up to $ 500 to hire their own expert .
`` Tenants are really on the back foot with that , '' said Mark O'Brien , CEO of Tenants Victoria .
`` If you want to establish your own evidence , quite often you 've got to pay a specialist to come and give you a report . And those kinds of expert reports can be very expensive . ''
When the legal challenge failed , the women donned their own suits and respirators to salvage what they could from the share house . Furniture and appliances that had been exposed to dust were written off .
All the while , the women received contradictory advice from government departments .
Because the asbestos exposure happened while work was underway , the house was classified a worksite .
The agency that regulates asbestos on worksites , WorkSafe Victoria , did visit the premises — but by that stage , it told the women in an email it did not have authority because work had finished .
The tenants also contacted Consumer Affairs Victoria . It told the women it was responsible for landlord and tenant issues — but not asbestos .
`` It was just a merry-go-round of talking to different agencies , '' Ms Russell said .
`` They all did n't have any clear picture of whose jurisdiction this was . No-one knew anything really about asbestos . ''
Consumer Affairs Minister says case will be reviewed
Victoria 's Minister of Consumer Affairs Marlene Kairouz told the ABC in a statement it was `` a very concerning case and I understand the frustration and anxiety of the tenants involved in this incident '' .
`` I have instructed my department to review this case and we 'll actively consider any changes needed to better protect tenants against exposure to this dangerous material , '' they said .
In June , the women launched a second claim to recover rent and money for some of the possessions they 'd lost .
They received a settlement offer that included a clause asking them to release the landlord and contractors from all claims arising from the discovery of asbestos .
Fearing they were now at risk of the deadly disease mesothelioma , they refused to sign .
`` Potentially it prevents the girls in the future from bringing a claim if , God forbid , anything happens to them , '' said Tracy Madden , one of the country 's leading asbestos lawyers .
`` The difficulty with asbestos-related conditions is they often do n't turn up for decades .
`` I would always urge people to get this sort of releases looked at to make sure they 're not inadvertently giving away rights . ''
'We just decided to fight '
Eventually , the women accepted a settlement offer they received just days before their compensation hearing .
The new settlement means they do n't have to give up any future asbestos claims .
`` They really underestimated that we had nothing left to lose , '' Ms Gleeson said .
`` So we just decided to fight instead . ''
Both tenants said they were worried about what might happen to the next tenants who rent their former house .
In some states , landlords are required to inform potential tenants about hazards like asbestos in a property . But not in Victoria .
`` At the moment in the tenancy law there 's no obligation for anybody to disclose to the tenant a past situation in the rented premises , '' Mr O'Brien said .
`` So this is a very significant gap in the tenancy law that needs to be addressed . ''
Ms Madden said tenants deserved to be protected .
`` It all comes down to : would you want your family living there ? You need to be safe in your own home , '' they said .
Topics : house-and-home , law-crime-and-justice , asbestos , health , melbourne-3000 , australia , vic
First posted
1,200 New Amazon Species Discovered : Mammals , Birds , Fish , Plants
This is a greater number of species than the combined total of new species found over a similar 10-year period in other areas of high biological diversity - including Borneo , the Congo Basin and the Eastern Himalayas , WWF said in the report , `` Amazon Alive ! : A Decade of Discoveries 1999-2009 . ''
Presented to delegates from 193 countries at the UN Convention on Biodiversity in Nagoya , the WWF report details the discoveries of 39 mammals , 16 birds , 55 reptiles , 216 amphibians , 257 fish and 637 plants - all new to science .
Brazilian ornithologist Alexandre Aleixo with a scythebill , one of 11 species with no known scientific description found on an expedition to the Altamira National Forest in 2009 . ( Photo © Zig Koch courtesy WWF )
`` This report clearly shows the incredible diversity of life in the Amazon , '' said Francisco Ruiz , leader of WWF 's Living Amazon Initiative .
`` It also serves as a reminder of how much we still have to learn about this unique region , and what we could lose if we do n't change the way we think about development , and promote conservation at a regional level that provides economic , social , and environmental benefits to people in the region and those within the Amazon 's far-reaching climatic influence , '' they said .
The Amazon region encompasses the largest rainforest and river system on Earth . The region spans eight South American countries and one overseas territory , and is home to 30 million people . It consists of over 600 different types of terrestrial and freshwater habitats , from swamps to grasslands to montane and lowland forests . The Amazon is inhabited by 10 percent of the world 's known species , including endemic and endangered plants and animals .
But during the last 50 years , humans have destroyed at least 17 percent of the Amazon rainforest - an area greater than the size of Venezuela , or twice the size of Spain .
The rapid expansion of regional and global markets for meat , soy and biofuels has increased the demand for land ; about 80 percent of deforested areas in the Amazon have become cattle pastures . More clearing has been done to meet energy demands .
The Amazon forests not only shelter the most outstanding diversity of life on Earth , but also store 90-140 billion tons of carbon . WWF warns that releasing even a portion of this carbon through further forest loss and land use change , would accelerate global warming , compromising life on Earth as we know it .
`` Urgent and immediate action is needed if we are to avoid this frightening scenario , '' said Ruiz . `` The fate of the Amazon - and of its species whether known or yet to be discovered - depends on a significant shift in the current way development is embraced by all Amazon countries . ''
Today in Nagoya , the Brazilian Ministry of Environment presented the results of the first phase of the Amazon Region Protected Areas Program . Created in 2003 to ensure long-term resources to protect the Amazon 's biodiversity , ARPA has become the world 's largest rainforest conservation program .
Mico acariensi , the Rio Acari marmoset ( Photo © Georges Néron courtesy WWF )
The first phase , which ended in 2009 , created 44 protected areas and set the establishment of another 62 in motion . The new areas total 24 million hectares .
The Brazilian government also has created a Fund for Protected Areas , which has raised US $ 25 million to date . A portion of these funds will go to indigenous communities in the Amazon region .
Brazil aims to create 20 million hectares of new protected areas in the Amazon during the next seven years : 10 million hectares of protected areas , and 10 million hectares designated for sustainable use .
If this goal is achieved , the program will have protected 60 million hectares of Amazon forests by 2017 through the consolidation of existing protected areas and the establishment and consolidation of new units .
The wealth of Amazon species needs all the protected habitat that can be preserved , and each year more new species are being discovered .
WWF said today that during the decade 1999-2009 , 39 new mammals were found in the Amazon , including seven monkeys , a pink river dolphin , two porcupines , eight mice , nine bats , six opossums , five rats and a guinea pig .
One of the seven new monkey species is an inhabitant of the lowland Amazon rainforest . The Rio Acari marmoset , Mico acariensi , discovered in 2000 , is a marmoset species endemic to Brazil . It was first seen by scientists as a pet kept by residents of a small settlement near the Rio Acari , a remote region of the Amazon , away from major human disturbance . It has not been studied in the wild , and there is currently no reliable information on its population status or major threats .
Inia boliviensis , a newly identified Bolivian pink river dolphin ( Photo © Fernando Trujillo , Fundacion Omacha courtesy WWF )
The Amazon River dolphin , or pink river dolphin , was recorded by scientists in the 1830s , and given the scientific name of Inia geoffrensis .
The declaration of a new species of pink river dolphin happened during the first South American river dolphin census , led by Fundacion Omacha , Wildlife Conservation Society , Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society , Faunagua , WWF and other partners .
Over 15 months in 2006 and 2007 , scientists navigated over 2,000 miles between the Amazon and Orinoco rivers and their tributaries . They surveyed 13 rivers in five countries - Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Venezuela - and counted more than 3,000 river dolphins .
In 2006 , they found scientific evidence of a separate species , Inia boliviensis . Unlike the Amazon River dolphins , their Bolivian relatives have more teeth , smaller heads , and smaller but wider and rounder bodies .
Ranitomeya amazonica , a newly discovered poison dart frog ( Photo by Lars K courtesy WWF )
One of the most colorful new species identified during the Living Amazon Initiative is the Ranitomeya amazonica , a poison dart frog with a red and yellow pattern that looks like flames on its head , and legs patterned like water drops .
The frog 's main habitat is lowland moist forest near the Iquitos area in the region of Loreto , Peru and it has also been seen in the Alpahuayo Mishana National Reserve in Peru .
A turtle , 28 snakes and 26 lizards have been discovered in the Amazon in the last 10 years .
The first new species of anaconda identified in more than 70 years was described in 2002 from Bolivia 's northeastern Amazon province , and then found also in the floodplains of Bolivia 's Pando province . The four meter ( 13 foot ) long Eunectes beniensiswas snake was at first believed to be the result of hybridization between green and yellow anacondas , but was later determined to be a distinct species .
A member of the true parrot family , the Pyrilia aurantiocephala has an extraordinary bald head , and displays a brilliant spectrum of colors . Known only from a few sites in the Lower Madeira and Upper Tapajos rivers in Brazil , the species already has been listed as Near Threatened , due to its small population , which is declining due to habitat loss .
Bromelia araujoi , a newly found species of Bromeliaceae , in the same family as pineapples . ( Photo © E. Esteves Pereira courtesy WWF )
A new species of catfish was found that lives in subterranean waters in the state of Rondonia , Brazil . Bright red , blind and tiny , the fish Phreatobius dracunculus was first found after a well was dug in the village of Rio Pardo , when they were trapped in buckets used to extract water . The species has since been found in another 12 of 20 wells in the region .
In addition to the vertebrate animals , thousands of new invertebrate species have been discovered by the Living Amazon Initiative . Owing to the sheer number of the invertebrates , these are not covered in detail by this report .
Within the last decade , hundreds of new plants , with a staggering diversity , have been recorded . The plants are from a wide range of plant families and include herbaceous , perennials and bulbous flowering plants , trees and shrubs , vines , ferns and lilies .
As part of its Living Amazon Initiative , WWF together with the IUCN , Amazon Cooperation Treaty Organisation and the Secretariat for the Convention of Biological Diversity and others are supporting the Latin American Technical Cooperation Network on National Parks , other Protected Areas and Wildlife , REDPARQUES , in building a conservation vision for the Amazon .
`` This vision will build on the conservation strategies and protected area systems in each of the Amazon countries , '' said WWF . `` It will help to meet commitments under the UN 's Convention on Biological Diversity - in particular , its work on protected areas . ''
In their Foreword to the WWF report , Ahmed Djoghlaf , executive secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity , said , `` Today , when the world is reeling under the threat of climate change , conserving large intact tracts of tropical rainforests assumes paramount importance , not only for the people of the Amazon countries , but for all the individuals of the world . In this the International Year for Biodiversity , a shift in the paradigm of development must begin , with utmost urgency , to safeguard the Amazon biome 's functionality and its incredible biodiversity . ''
The disoriented are more inclined to seek saviors . Trump knows that . He 's been right up to now . Before anyone else , they were onto the way that direct democracy through social media has buried representative democracy .
One minute it 's “ millions ” of illegal votes for Hillary Clinton ; then dangling little Mitt Romney ; then being too smart for intelligence briefings . Let 's face it , folks . We have no idea what is about to happen in the White House or at White House North in Midtown Manhattan . We are in whatever territory lies beyond unknown unknowns .
But some things may be emerging from the fog . Trump is not interested in the rules-based international order the United States has spent the last seven decades building and defending . Their foreign policy will be transactional . If it profits America , fine . If not , forget about it . Trump 's United States will be agnostic on human rights , freedom and democracy . America , suspending moral judgment , will behave a lot more like China on the world stage .
Except that 's a little unfair to China . The Chinese do understand the benefits of free trade ( and they certainly understand that when Trump rips up the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a strategic plan to offset Chinese power couched in an economic arrangement , Beijing grows stronger ) . Because they often ca n't breathe , the Chinese also understand , in a way Trump does not , the importance of fighting climate change .
As an exercise , I 've been trying to imagine Trump saying something — anything — about the heinous destruction of Aleppo by the forces of Putin and Syrian president Bashar al-Assad . I 've been trying to imagine what Trump might say about the brutal crimes against Syrian civilians in the beleaguered eastern sector of that once glorious city . I came up blank .
Canadians will be able to use their existing TV set to surf online and use apps on the screen after purchasing Sony 's NSZ-GS7 Internet Player , first introduced at CES 2012 .
TORONTO – Google 's interactive TV service Google TV is set to launch in Canada , via the Sony Internet Player .
Canadians will be able to purchase the Internet player from Sony Canada , allowing them to turn an existing TV set into a receiver of the online giant 's TV and app service , beginning in August 2012 .
Google TV , to be introduced in the UK in July , will enable Canadians to surf the Internet on their TV set and play with apps on the screen .
STORY : Wall Street Questions Google CEO Larry Page 's Health
`` We are proud to continue our relationship with Google and be the first manufacturer in Canada to introduce a product powered by the Google TV platform , '' Hideki Ito , senior director of marketing for home network products at Sony Canada , said Monday .
Sony 's NSZ-GS7 Internet Player with Google TV , first introduced at CES 2012 last January , will go on sale at Canadian retailers nationwide in August 2012 , priced at $ 199.99 .
Besides the UK and Canada , the Google TV platform will also be rolled out in Australia , France , Germany , Netherlands , Brazil , and Mexico as part of a global release strategy .
Quest Points : 20
Difficulty : Hard
Location : Iss'rano
Description : A darkness has begun taking over the village of Iss'rano , and demons from within are attacking . Journey to Iss'rano to try to stop the demon hordes . Begin the quest by talking to the blacksmith .
Prerequisites : Elemental resists especially fire , fear/slow/paralysis/confusion/poison resist or dispel , flying , light source .
Challenges : Skulls , Fallen Angels , Soul Takers , Floating Eyes .
Rewards : None
Getting Started
Go to Iss'rano , NE of New Verden near the large crevice and lava pool . Go north into the town . Once in the town , go east . The map will start flickering between light and darkness , continue through this until you are in the map with a mansion and demons .
Grug Diplomacy
You will be looking for a Grug that will not be aggressive towards you . It is very easy to tap on it or run into it and kill it , so be very careful during this section . If you killed the wrong grug , you will know because it 's corpse will resemble a human lady . First , go into the mansion . Check all three floors ( basement , first floor , and second floor ) for the peaceful grug . If it is not in the Mansion , leave the mansion and go north to the crevice you can apply to enter and search for the grug there . If the grug is not in the crevice , leave the crevice , go one map to the east , and go down the hole in the SW of the map and search for the gurg there . When you 've found the grug , stand next to it and enter the command “ talk ring. ” It will give you a ring with mysterious markings .
Hordes of Demons
From the map with the mansion , go east through the dark maps until you find the fiery portal . Enter it . The next map will have more demons and three RDs in the NE , SE , and SW . The correct RD is random , so pick one , go down at least 8 levels . If you do not find the “ lair ” at the end , go back up and pick a new one . Once in the lair , go east and enter the red portal .
Retrieve the Heart
The map through the portal will contain a boss monster called “ glass serpent. ” It is a dragon that will cast Dragon Breath , Lighting Bolt , Blind , Fear and XP Drain but will not physically attack . Kill it and loot the corpse to receive the Blackened twisted heart . Go through the portal in the lair . Return to the main town . Enter the church and click on the priest inside to solve the quest .
This article was written by Markham Heid and provided by our partners at Men 's Health .
It 's no secret that many men love a full tush—but why ? It may be because women with curvy behinds made better nomadic child-bearers back in the day , according a new study from the University of Texas .
You 've probably never thought about `` lumbar curvature '' or `` vertebral wedging . '' But the study authors have . And their research shows men tend to go gaga over a woman with the type of spine curvature that makes their butt seem to pop out or protrude .
RELATED : The Crazy Thing Horny Women Do
If you 're like the average person , you 're especially attracted to a woman with a spine that curves roughly 45 degrees above the top of their butt , the research shows . `` This degree of curvature would have enabled ancestral women to shift their center of mass back over their hips during pregnancy , '' says study coauthor David M.G . Lewis , Ph.D .
Back in hunter-gatherer times , human beings were constantly on the move . Staying still was a death sentence . So women who could keep walking long distances even while very pregnant had an advantage in terms of reproduction and survival .
RELATED : The Best Things to Say Before , During , and After Sex
Lewis says a 45-degree lumbar curvature allows a woman to carry the weight of their unborn baby in a way that makes them less vulnerable to spinal injuries than women with more or less curvature . Thousands of years ago , this would have helped them to keep moving and foraging during the later stages of pregnancy—a huge plus , says Lewis .
Apparently , modern man has n't lost their taste for curvaceous , baby-bearing derrieres—at least according to this research .
RELATED : Track Your Calorie Burn—During Sex !
A flurry of leaked Fallout 4 gameplay videos have hit the net , giving us our first proper look at all the perks available in the game . New perks have been singled out on Reddit and added to the full list on the Fallout Wiki .
Before today , internet sleuths had done an incredible job working out what each potential perk was by piecing together info gained from legitimate Fallout 4 gameplay videos and clues from the illustrations on the official perk chart ( right ) .
But , there were a few perks that could n't be confirmed due to lack of information and ambiguous images .
THERE MAY BE SPOILERS AHEAD .
Perk ( LUCK 5 ) , whose image showed a wide-eyed , dopey-looking Vault Boy , had Fallout fans scratching their heads . Thanks to the gameplay leaks we now know this perk is called `` IDIOT SAVANT '' . Its description reads : `` You 're not stupid ! Just ... different . Randomly receive 3x XP from an action , and the lower your Intelligence , the greater the chance . ''
We can also see from the leaked footage that this perk can be upgraded in rank three times .
Other , previously unknown perks include :
( END 9 ) GHOULISH - Sure , you 're still human - on the outside ! Radiation now regenerates your lost health . ( This perk can be upgraded three times . )
( STR 10 ) PAIN TRAIN - Choo choo ! All aboard ! While wearing Power Armour , sprinting into enemies hurts and staggers them . ( Robots and oversized enemies are immune to the stagger ) . ( This perk can be upgraded three times . )
( INT 9 ) NUCLEAR PHYSICIST - You 've learned to split the atom ... and command it . Radiation weapons do 50 per cent more damage and Fusion Cores last an extra 25 per cent longer . ( This perk can be upgraded three times and also confirms the inclusion of new weapons that deal radiation damage . )
and ( LUCK 9 ) FOUR LEAF CLOVER - Feeling lucky ? You should ! Each hit in V.A.T.S has a chance of filling your Critical meter . ( This perk can be upgraded four times . )
If you 'd like to check out the rest of the perks , along with their associated images and ranks , you can find a fan-made , interactive perk chart here .
Today we got word that confirmed what most already knew , with Halo 4 now dropping out of rotation as an eSport in MLG 's Winter season , Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 would likely be in .
That is in fact the case , and it 's odd as the two games have generally been featured side-by-side for a while , at least in their past iterations . Halo has been an MLG staple for years now and many are wondering why it would be left out in the cold while Call of Duty stays .
There 's no official comment from Major League Gaming as to why Halo has been dropped , though it 's been mentioned that Microsoft signed an exclusive deal with Virgin Gaming giving them access to the game over MLG . But that 's likely not the only reason . In reality , competitive Halo just is n't what it used to be .
Recently , Halo games have become increasingly less viable as a competitive title at the highest levels . Starting with Reach , the inclusion of armor abilities like jetpack and armor lock changed the game in fundamental ways that were too big to ignore .
Halo 4 went a step further . Though they scaled back a few of the armor abilities , they still exist and mess around with pivotaly important parts of competitive Halo like line of sight . At top levels , players used to know where anyone could be on a map , where they could hit them from , and where they were likely to run to , but give them a jetpack and suddenly all that knowledge goes out the window .
The real problem with Halo 4 is that it introduced more randomness than ever into multiplayer gameplay . That might be perfectly fun for regular players , many of whom were proud to announce `` Halo was back ! '' with last year 's new game , but it 's vastly different from how Halo used to function for pros . Everyone formerly had the exact same loadout to start with , and everyone knew exactly where the best weapons were scattered around the map , along with how often they respawned .
All of that is gone in Halo 4 . Loadouts are completely customizable with no way of knowing what kit your opponent has . Secondary weapons have proven overpowered with one being the equivalent of a pocket shotgun from the start . But most disruptive has been the fact that now weapon drops only exist in the levels as random occurrences . You can not predict where and when these items will appear , but they can dramatically swing things in the favor of whichever team is lucky enough to be near them .
The game also introduced killstreaks , not necessarily a bad idea unto itself , but worthless for competitive play as the available weapons you 're allowed to call in are also random . You might get five kills and be offered a plasma grenade or a speed boost , while your opponent might get a one-hit kill sniper rifle or a world-destroying rocket launcher for the same amount of kills .
All of this works fine for normal players , and Halo 4 multiplayer is a decent amount of fun . But at the highest levels of competition , you can not have that much randomness in a game . And without easy ways to revert things back to the way they used to be , there 's really no getting around this for competitive players . That 's why there really is n't all the much of a competitive Halo 4 scene period , as its players have moved on to other titles . With all this in mind , it absolutely makes sense for MLG to drop Halo .
Randomness just does n't work at the highest level of skill in a game , any game . Imagine if in soccer players were randomly granted a free penalty kick once per game , or if in baseball it sometimes took four strikes to be out . A level playing field with universal rules is necessary , and Halo lost that with a myriad of changes . It still might be a good game , but it 's no longer a viable eSport in its current form .
Why is Call of Duty sticking around ? Well , that 's where barely changing over the years works to its benefit . The updates to Call of Duty have largely been cosmetic . There are new guns , levels , killstreaks , perks and so on , but relatively little about core gameplay has changed , at least not to the degree which has happened with Halo . Pro COD players take a month or so to adjust to the new tweaks each year , and do n't miss a beat most of the time . But Halo players found they could n't do the same with new iterations of the game .
Black Ops II joins League of Legends and one unannounced title for the Winter MLG season . It 's sad to see Halo go , but perhaps it may someday rise again on the pro circuit .
Lance Armstrong is making a comeback .
At least as a bike mechanic ?
The disgraced former face of cycling appeared in a new video on Outside Online in one of their first public appearances since admitting to doping to Oprah in January 2013 . In the video , Armstrong opens with a joke referencing their seven stripped Tour de France titles , and then goes through a simple demonstration of fixing a flat tire .
So how did Outside , a magazine that has been publicly slammed by Armstrong in the past for some of its tougher stories about him , get Armstrong to come out for the shoot ?
“ It was really quite simple , ” said Outside editor Christopher Keyes . “ We asked , they said yes — much to our surprise . ”
The video was shot to go along with an issue of the magazine filled with how-to stories . Keyes said that Outside magazine senior editor Grayson Schaffer still has an open line to Armstrong and reached out to see if they were interested .
At the shoot , Keyes said , Armstrong seemed like the last year had changed him .
Back in the work world . The clothes are more comfortable and I get two breaks a shift.Video from first day on the job http : //t.co/02eYJYxR8i — Lance Armstrong ( @ lancearmstrong ) April 15 , 2014
“ You can tell it 's been a hard year and they did seem very relaxed and happy to be doing something else , ” they said .
Before the video was made , a few editors had an off-the-record lunch with Armstrong where they discussed some of the tougher stories they had done on the cyclist among other things .
“ I think this speaks to how radically the world has changed for them in two years , ” Keyes said . “ And I think part of that is their recognition that Outside and [ other publications ] covered all facets of him . ”
While Armstrong still has some more lawsuits to settle relating to their cycling career and its messy end , it 's unlikely the American public has seen the last of them — that is if they will have them back .
“ I think they see some kind of third act for himself , ” Keyes said . “ I think anyone who has been in the spotlight for as long as they are , it 's got to be hard to completely disappear in the way they have . ”
Jeremy Hellickson has been dealt to the Arizona Diamondbacks , the first big move of each team 's respective new General Manager .
`` As we thank Jeremy for their contributions to the Rays organization and wish them great success in Arizona , we are pleased to receive two talented young prospects in return , '' said President , Baseball Operations Matt Silverman . `` They have the potential to become impact players at the major league level , and we are excited to add them to our player development pipeline . ''
In return , the Rays acquired minor league infielder Andrew Velazquez and minor league outfielder Justin Williams from Arizona .
The former Rookie of the Year found themselves in poor standing with the club after waiting until after their arbitration was settled to report elbow discomfort in January . The result was elbow surgery to clear out bone spurs , and delay of Hellickson 's return to the rotation by a few months .
The move clears approximately $ 4 million in salary for the stricter budget next season , and relieves a 40-man roster constraint . Luckily , neither Velazquez nor Williams is Rule 5 eligible , despite prior speculation .
A full write-up on both prospects was sent out via press release by the Rays this evening :
Velazquez , 20 , enjoyed a breakout season in 2014 for Class-A South Bend , and was named Midwest League Prospect of the Year in addition to a midseason and postseason All-Star . The switch-hitter led the Midwest League with 50 stolen bases , 94 runs scored and 15 triples . In 134 games ( 129 at shortstop ) , they recorded a .290 ( 158-for-544 ) batting average , .367 on-base pct. , .428 slugging pct. , 18 doubles , nine home runs and 62 walks . Their 50 steals ranked seventh among all minor league players . From April 22 to July 16 they reached base safely in 74 consecutive games . Following the season , Velazquez was named the No . 12 prospect in the D-backs system by MLB.com and the No . 16 prospect in the Midwest League by Baseball America . The Bronx , New York native was selected by Arizona in the seventh round of the 2012 June Draft out of Fordham Prep School . * * * Williams , 19 , hit a combined .351 ( 102-for-291 ) between Short-Season A Missoula and South Bend in 2014 , and won the Pioneer League batting title with a .386 ( 73-for-189 ) mark for Missoula . At the time of their August 3 promotion , they had compiled a Missoula-record 28-game hitting streak , batting .443 ( 51-for-115 ) during that time . They recorded 52 hits in the month of July , most of any professional hitter at any level . After the season , Williams was named a postseason Pioneer League All-Star , the league 's No . 7 prospect by Baseball America , and the No . 14 prospect in the D-backs system by MLB.com . They finished the campaign with a combined four home runs , 46 RBI , .403 on-base pct . and .467 slugging pct . Williams , a left-handed hitter , owns a .351 career batting average over two professional seasons . They were selected by Arizona in the second round of the 2013 June Draft out of Terrebonne High School in Houma , Louisiana .
For more on the mystery man we traded , read the well crafted work of Ian Malinowski and Jason Hanselman .
For a write-up of the prospects the Rays received , read Scott Grauer 's description here .
Chris Cotillo of MLBDailyDish.com first reported that a deal was close between the two teams .
This is either a great day for The Vampire Diaries or a sad day for the big broadcast networks .
The CW 's supernatural drama delivered a higher rating in the valuable adults 18-49 demographic than either NBC 's comedies or ABC 's drama in the 8 p.m. hour . Though TVD had some major plot twists last night , the numbers were n't hugely high — with 2.9 million viewers and a 1.3 rating , the show jumped 30 percent from last week , yet was still within its usual performance range ( read Mandi Bierly 's TVD recap here ) . But that was still enough to top the hourly average of Community plus Parks and Recreation on NBC , as well as the second week of Zero Hour on ABC . The latter dropped 21 percent from its premiere to a 1.1 rating ( we 're probably about one more episode away from being able to use a “ Zero Hour gets zero rating ” headline ) . Still , there was some good news for ABC : Grey 's Anatomy rose 7 percent despite a weakening lead-in and facing American Idol this week .
Also : Fox 's two-hour “ Sudden Death ” edition of Idol was up 8 percent . CBS shows were all basically steady . NBC 's Community dropped yet again , down 8 percent to a series low . Parks was down 13 percent to a series low and 1600 Penn was down 9 percent to a low .
Full Chart :
Lane County Jail
An Oregon man could very well have set a record for the shortest stretch of time between lockups , requiring a mere 55 minutes to land themselves back in jail after being released .
Christopher Franklin Weaver , 33 , walked out of Lane County Jail as one of 32 recently released inmates , walked about a mile or so and allegedly promptly robbed a bank , police in Eugene , Ore. , said .
They were caught by authorities at the Pacific Continental Bank and returned to Lane County Jail . Nobody was injured during the alleged robbery .
`` This is pretty fast , someone gets released at 11:00 and then they arrive back 55 minutes later , '' Sgt . Carrie Carver of the Lane County Sheriff 's Office told ABC News . `` I ca n't say it 's the shortest time , but it 's certainly the most notable because of the nature of the crime . ''
Law enforcement in Lane County was forced to release 32 inmates , including Weaver , in order to balance the budget for the year , Carver said .
The released inmates were imprisoned on charges ranging from assault and sex abuse to drug possession and drunk driving . Weaver was incarcerated for parole violations for sex abuse and for unlawful use of a vehicle .
Officials at the Lane County Sheriff 's Office could not confirm whether or not Weaver , who now faces federal bank robbery charges , has been assigned an attorney .
Magistrate Judge Tom Coffin ruled Weaver a flight risk at their initial hearing in US District Court and they will be locked up for `` as long as the feds pay for that bed , '' Carver said .
These are my notes from William Gibson 's Q & A session after their Zero History reading at Powells Books in Portland , OR on 9/08/2010 ( here are some photographs from the evening ) . I thought initially that most of this would come up in other interviews , but I recently reviewed my notes and realized that although some of it has come up elsewhere , some of it is either unique or unusual . So I decided to type up my notes .
Gibson started off saying “ Powells is the best book store in the world . It 's not even a book store , it 's a genre all to its own , ” before reading the first chapter of Zero History . After the reading they said “ The reason I write opening chapters the way I do is to get rid of all the people who wo n't ‘ get ' the book . They 're all fairly easy to read after the first chapter. ” They then opened up to questions . Most , probably all , of these answers are incomplete – but close to direct quotes from larger answers . I did n't ask most of these questions and did n't get down the exact questions asked .
Q : What 's next ?
Gibson : I have no idea . I have to have no idea . I know no one believes me , but I never intended to make trilogies . When I was learning about writing , I was told that trilogy was a long novel with a boring middle published separately . I think the books could be read in any order . I think I would be interesting to read these backwards . But maybe that 's too advanced .
[ of course now he 's said that their next novel will probably be about the future ]
Where do you go for inspiration ?
I 'm not a globe trotting writer/researcher . Wherever I happen to go usually ends up in the book . For example , I happened to go to Myrtle Beach a few months before I wrote the book and I thought it was suitably weird .
Asked about predictions .
I 'm not interested in the sort of sci-fi that does or does n't predict the iPad . I 'm interested in how people behave .
Asked about the intelligence communities in their books
I do n't want anyone to think I 've gone “ Tom Clancy ” but what you find is that you have fans in every line of work . How reliable those narrators are I do n't know , but they tell a good story .
Asked about humor in their work .
Neuromancer was not without a comedic edge . My cyberpunk colleagues and I back in our cyberpunk rathole sniggered mightily as we slapped our knees .
But writers ca n't have more than two hooks . “ Gritty , punky , ” sure . “ Gritty , punky , funny ” does n't work .
I asked them about the slogan “ Never in fashion , always in style ” because I read that slogan on their blog and never found out what company that slogan actually belonged to .
Aero Leathers in Scotland . But they weight too much . You would n't tour in a WWII motorcyle jacket unless of course you were on a WWII motorcycle . [ Gibson reportedly wore an Acronym jacket on the Zero History tour ]
Asked about Twitter
Twitter is the best aggregator of novelty anywhere . There 's more weird shit there than anywhere . It 's the equivalent value of $ 300 worth of imported magazines for free every day .
Asked about hypertext/electronic media and how it is changing their work .
The book is a cloud of hyperlinks . You can Google any unfamiliar phrase and you will be sort of walking in my shoes , going where I did in my research . The links are there , and there are even some Easter eggs .
I 'm not sure what question this was in response to
I large part of my narrative comes from growing up in a particularly backwards part of the south , which had a particularly spoken culture .
Asked about their favorite contemporary writers
[ Anything by Iian Sinclair , Zoo City by Lauren Bach , Jack Womack 's Random Acts of Senseless Violence , which they found “ wounding . ” ]
Asked about the punk influence on their work .
It was n't the Sex Pistols , it was Waylon and Willy .
Asked what sci-fi influenced him .
Certain sci-fi that never had much impact on the mainstream of the genre . My novels have had very little impact as well . If you do n't believe me , go down to a sci-fi specialist shop . Cyberpunk has become a descriptor – cyberpunk albums , cyberpunk pants .
Asked about cyberpunk 's legacy .
Anything with a manifesto ends up looking silly .
Asked what they think of the post-cyberpunk writers , Cory Doctorow et al .
I think the original cyberpunks were a little thin on the ground .
See also : William Gibson dossier .
Insight : Suppression of the Cathars Volume 52 Number 2 , March/April 1999 by James Wiseman
In late June 1209 , responding to Pope Innocent III 's call , an army assembled at Lyon . The soldiers were promised remission of their sins -- the same indulgence earlier crusaders had received as they set out to fight in the Holy Land . This crusade , however , was aimed at heretics known as Cathars in the Languedoc region of southeastern France . Suppression of the heresy was marked by more than a century of violence , atrocities , and the birth of the Inquisition .
When we visited last June , the Cathar country seemed a fairy-tale landscape dotted with castles , cathedrals , vineyards , and vestiges of ancient towns . At its heart lies Carcassonne , whose well-preserved `` old city '' has become a major tourist attraction . Archaeologists and preservationists are now replacing with red tiles on a gentler pitch the slate shingles and pepper-pot roofs of the towers , mistakenly `` restored '' in the 1840s . The adventurer , soldier , and scholar T.E . Lawrence , also known as Lawrence of Arabia , included illustrations of the fortifications in their senior thesis on crusader military architecture at Oxford .
A monk whom Cathar missionaries had tried ( and failed ) to convert explained the meaning of Cathar as pure , deriving the word from the Greek katharós . They were , indeed , often seen as pure , and so presented themselves to the public , in contrast to the Catholic clergy , many of whom in the Languedoc were considered even by the pope to be corrupt and uncaring . The Cathars believed there were two gods , an evil God of Darkness who created the world and all that is visible , and a good God of Light , who created the spiritual , unseen things , including souls and good angels . It followed for Cathars that the God of the Old Testament , who created the world , was Satan , and that the human body , a creation of Satan , was therefore evil and should receive as little as possible to sustain it ; only the soul within was from the God of Light , and its release from the body was a prospect of joy .
Despite the crusaders and the deaths of many Cathars , the heresy continued . Finally , in 1233 , the church established a new apparatus for the systematic discovery and punishment of heretics , the Inquisition . Some Cathars took up arms , some converted to Catholicism , others fled the country or sought refuge wherever it might be found . The castle of Montségur , on a remote and precipitous hilltop at the edge of the Pyrénées , refurbished by its owner in 1204 to serve as a gathering place for Cathars , became a favored refuge . When it was finally taken in 1244 , some 200 Cathars were immolated . A museum houses artifacts found at the site , including everyday objects used by those in the castle and the village below it , as well as remains of two people believed to have perished in the siege .
There were other remote castles farther east . Peyrepertuse , one of the largest , surrendered in 1240 . From its ramparts visitors may look across a valley to Quéribus ; perched on a pinnacle of rock , it seems impregnable . It was the last Cathar stronghold to surrender , in 1255 . The Inquisition continued until the end of the century , and the end of the Cathars . The castles remain to mark their passing .
James Wiseman is a contributing editor to ARCHAEOLOGY and professor of archaeology , art history , and classics at Boston University . The author thanks Lucy , Don , and Rae Wiseman for conversations on the spot about the Cathars in the Languedoc .
Imagine if scientists could recreate you—or at least part of you—on a chip . That might help doctors identify drugs that would help you heal faster , bypassing the sometimes painful trial-and-error process and the hefty costs that burden our healthcare system .
Right now , inside a lab at the University of California , Berkeley , researchers are working to make that happen . They 're trying to grow human organ tissue , like heart and liver , on tiny chips . These are n't your standard computer chips . They 're miniature networks , derived from adult skin cells coerced into becoming the type of tissue scientists want to study , that grow on miniscule pipe-like plastic chambers glued atop a microscope slide .
The research is designed to find ways to get that tissue to live and mimic how real human organs function . If so , they could provide a cheap and quick way of weeding out treatments that are toxic or just do n't work . The aim is to weed them out early on , in the lab , replacing at least some of the tedious years of testing on animals and humans .
What 's more , because drugs traditionally are developed with a one-size-fits-all approach , clinicians often do n't know how well medications will work on individual patients . According Anurag Mathur , one of the Berkeley researchers , these chips could lead to `` a personalized medicine , patient-specific readout of any drug you want to test . ''
> The research is designed to find ways to get that tissue to live and mimic how real human organs function .
Funded by $ 1.2 from the Cures Acceleration Network—a new agency established by the `` Obamacare '' federal health law—the Berkeley project is part of a larger effort to explore what are called `` organoid chips . '' The Cures are funding several other biochip projects , and in a study published in the journal Nature Medicine this past May , scientists from Harvard University and other researchers used a `` heart-on-chip '' approach to research Barth syndrome , a genetic disorder that affects cardiac tissue . This type of research is still in the early stages , but if it 's successful , it could significantly streamline drug studies and maybe even reduce drug prices .
Right now , it can take billions of dollars and years to develop a single medication . For every one that gets the Food and Drug Administration 's approval , 40,000 others do n't make it through the process . That raises companies ' expenses , and experts often point to these bleak trends as one of the root causes for the high prices for new drugs . If the organoid research pans out , there could be as much as a 10-fold improvement in the speed , cost , and accuracy of developing new drugs , according to Dr. Chris Austin , the director of the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences ( NCAT ) , an agency within the National Institutes of Health that oversees the Cures Acceleration Network .
Living Semiconductors
The technology borrows from techniques developed by the semiconductor industry decades ago to make transistors—the building blocks of the modern computer . The ability to print ever smaller transistors at faster speeds allowed computers to shrink from expensive room-sized behemoths into cheap , widely available portable machines with many more uses than the inventors ever imagined . That revolution was seeded with money from the nation 's space program , and now , some scientists say , biotech has a similar opportunity .
An organoid chip , atop a microscope slide . UC Berkeley
Once the blueprint is set for specific types of biochips—ones that mimic the structure of the liver or gut , for instance—manufacturing them could eventually cost as little as a few bucks , says Peter Loskill , one of the Berkeley scientists . The difficult—and expensive—part is making sure that the cells assemble themselves properly and that these microtissues work like the real thing . That 's what the Berkley lab , run by bioengineer Kevin Healy , is focusing on now .
Eventually , scientists believe they could run multiple experiments on different drug candidates and various doses in different tissues at once . It would be something like the equivalent of a massive parallel computer , but for biology . Mathur and Loskill are starting with building a combination chip containing heart and liver tissue in collaboration with another bioengineer , Luke Lee , and their lab at Berkeley . If their work is successful , they hope to collaborate with other groups in the Cures Acceleration Network to hook up various proto-organs , Lego-style , to create a very simple model of the human body . This type of work could give scientists insights into how and why medications work on individual organs and how they affect whole systems .
In Lieu of Animals
Certainly , some experts are skeptical . Fundamentally , they question how well these chips mimic real organ structure and function . After all , they lack blood vessels , so they live only for months at most . Plus , they do n't replicate all the intricacies of real organs and organ systems . In the case of those that mimic the brain , researchers have said that the full-fledged circuitry underlying adult brain function is n't entirely there .
Meanwhile , others question whether this work will ultimately translate into lower prices . `` Right now , [ for ] any drug that 's discovered , people can charge what they want because there 's no competition , '' says Atul Butte , a data scientist at Stanford University and co-founder of NuMedii , a Palo Alto-based startup that is looking for new ways to use existing medications .
But if they come to fruition , organoids could lead to even larger opportunities , beyond the speed of drug research and the price of medications . Today , much pre-clinical work is done in animals and does n't always yield results that mimic how human systems work . `` The knowledge gaps we face in biomedical research are enormous . We just do n't know all that much about what causes diseases , '' says Bernard Munos , the founder of the Innothink Center for Research in Biomedical Innovation who also sits on the Cures Acceleration Network board . `` We 're really throwing darts . ''
Organoids can change that . At least in theory .
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation , a nonprofit , nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente .
The kopi luwak fecal coffee fad has officially gone to , well , you know , with a Craigslist ad selling human poop coffee .
In strict terms , kopi luwak ( which means civet coffee ) features beans passed through the innards of the palm civet , an Indonesian cousin of the mongoose that looks like a cat . In fact , Bali locals call the finished brew `` cat-poo-ccino , '' PBS reports .
The animals ' digestive enzymes supposedly give better flavor to the beans , which are then roasted . Prices for the coffee skyrocketed to as high as $ 600 a pound in the mid-2000s , according to a Food Research International report .
Now , a 47-year-old Portland resident has posted an ad on Craigslist ( see below ) offering coffee beans passed through their or their intestinal tract for $ 30 per pound . And for any customers who need more quality reassurance , the poster writes , `` Fecal specimens available upon request . ''
The Huffington Post emailed the Craiglist poster to see if this business was on the up and up or full of crap -- and to find out if anyone had acted on the offer . We 'll update with the response .
Sprudge.com , which spotted the ad , notes the luwak coffee craze had already spread to use Thai elephants and Peruvian coati raccoons . The practice has caused animal activists to raise a stink , the Guardian reported last month .
Some swear it 's flavorful . Others , like Rocky Rhodes of the International Coffee Consulting Group , said , after a taste , `` It was apparent that Luwak coffee sold for the story , not superior quality . ”
However , Rhodes was speaking about the genuine civet-derived kopi luwak , not the grind originating from one unnamed Portland person 's bowels .
DEERFIELD , Ill. -- Chicago Bulls center Joakim Noah is `` doing well '' in their rehab from arthroscopic left knee surgery , according to Bulls head coach Tom Thibodeau , but the All-Star center still has n't started running again .
Noah , who was named the NBA 's Defensive Player of the Year this year , had surgery on May 2 to clean out the knee that was giving them problems toward the end of the season . They were expected to be out between 8-12 weeks .
`` As you guys know , this is Joakim 's time to travel the world so he 's everywhere right now , '' Thibodeau said during ESPN 1000 's draft show on Thursday night . `` He 's doing well , though . He 's done a good job with their rehab . They come in , we see them about once a week . But he 's everywhere and he 's done a good job so we think he 's in a really good place . Right now he 's lifting and he 's doing some shooting , but they ca n't run yet . Just some conditioning in the pool . All the things they normally do this time of the year . But he 's doing real well . ''
Thibodeau acknowledged that Noah likely will be a part of the Bulls ' recruiting pitch to prospective free agents over the coming weeks .
`` I would assume that they might be , '' Thibodeau said with a chuckle .
The Buccaneer faithful were able to witness their first win on the road in 2016 as ETSU beat SEC foe Mississippi State at “ The Hump ” in Starksville , MS on Wednesday night . The Buc 's came into the game needing a resume building road win , and they got what they needed . Quite frankly , ETSU looked like the better team all game . They led by as much as 10 and never trailed throughout . ETSU has played Miss . St. in the past , and came into the game leading the all-time series 2-1 . They were able to add to that series lead via a buzzer beating put-back by Hanner Mosquera-Perea with barely a second left on the clock . Desonta Bradford stepped up big time , hitting multiple shots in the lane , beyond the arc , and sinking 2 critical free throws down the stretch to pull of the dub . Even though TJ Cromer is the leading scorer , Bradford can easily take over as the go-to guy when needed .
As far as stats go , Bradford led the way with 15pts , 4reb , and 2ast . TJ Cromer had 14pts on 6-14 shooting . There are many other contributors to mention as this team is DEEP . However , some note are Devontavius Payne who had 9 pts and David Burrell with 8 . Both players came in with ferocity and hit 3 big threes between them . For Mississippi State , the Buc 's were able to stifle the Bulldogs leading scorer in Quinndary Weatherspoon who finished with 13pts on 3-9 shooting . The Bulldogs leading scorer was F Aric Holman , who finished with 17pts , 6reb , and 4blks .
When you play on the road against a good team it 's all about managing the storm , and the Buc 's did that tonight . Something we never saw last game against Dayton , or UNC Wilmington . Tonight was a huge team building win for our Bucs . Our players proved to themselves they can play on the road and manage a comeback effort by the home team .
ETSU takes on Morehead St. at their place on Saturday Dec. 17th . While Morehead St. is always a respectable mid-major , they have struggled this year amid complications with their previous coach .
More analysis to come
ETSU @ Mississippi St. Boxscore
ETSU @ Mississippi St. Recap
Watch Replay : ETSU @ Mississippi St .
Desonta 's Dunk in Transition
Game Winning Shot :
Iwahig—One hundred convicts armed with machetes wander through a vast prison without walls in one of the Philippines ' most beautiful islands , a unique approach to reforming criminals . Two token guards with shotguns slung on their shoulders relax in the shade nearby as the blue-shirted group of inmates chop weeds at a rice paddy at the Iwahig Prison and Penal Farm on Palawan island . But Arturo , who is 21 years into a life sentence for murder , has no plans to escape , preferring to keep their chances of an eventual commutation or even a pardon . “ I do n't want to live the life of a rat , panicked into bolting into a hole each time a police officer comes my way , ” the 51-year-old inmate , whose full name can not be used in keeping with prison regulations , told AFP . Surrounded by a thick coastal mangrove forest , a mountain range and a highway , the 26,000-hectare ( 64,000-acre ) Iwahig jail is one of the world 's largest open prisons , more than two times the size of Paris . A single guard sits at its largely ceremonial main gate , routinely waving visitors through without inspection . A shallow ditch , but no walls , is all that separates the 3,186 prisoners from the outside world . A mere 14 kilometres ( nine miles ) away is Puerto Princesa , a city of 250,000 people and a top tourist destination as the gateway to an island famed for stunning dive sites , a giant underground river system and beautiful beaches . A steady stream of local and foreign tourists visit Iwahig 's quaint , pre-World War II prison administration buildings and a handicrafts shop , which is manned by inmates who have made the items on sale . A few hundred hectares of the land is devoted to rice paddies , which sit picturesquely on either side of a fire-tree-lined dirt road . Ducks , goats , cattle and egrets feed quietly on newly harvested plots . Fish ponds , coconut plantations , corn fields and vegetable plots are scattered across the prison , although the bulk of the land remains covered by forest and mangroves . - Penal colony 's harsh history - US colonial rulers established Iwahig in 1904 for political prisoners and Manila 's worst inmates , seeking to isolate them in what was then a sparsely inhabited frontier about 600 kilometres ( 370 ) miles from the nation 's capital . Prisoners were used to clear virgin rainforests for farming , which would in turn encourage migration from the archipelago 's more populous areas . After the Philippines won independence post-World War II , those who had served out their term were also given the option to clear and own up to six hectares of land . Up until the 1970s , the prisons had much tougher security than today , with chain gangs of inmates the norm . Most other jails in the Philippines continue with brutal conditions , with inmates packed beyond capacity in dingy , airless cells and having to take turns sleeping . - A fresh breath of reform -But at Iwahig , and four smaller penal farms in other provincial areas , authorities have sought to take advantage of the open spaces to create conditions that encourage the rehabilitation of inmates . “ This ( farm work ) serves as their preparation for getting back into a free society once they are released . It helps them adapt back to life as free men , ” said prison superintendent Richard Schwarzkopf . Iwahig 's inmates mostly come from Manila 's main Bilibid prison , a far smaller facility that holds about 22,000 convicts and which requires periodic prisoner transfers to ease the over-crowding . Instead of the squalid , sardine can-like cells of Bilibid , night quarters for most of Iwahig 's inmates are lightly guarded buildings that are bigger than a basketball court , surrounded by barbed wire rather than concrete or metal walls . About 50 lucky minimum-security inmates live full-time in straw-and-bamboo huts scattered along the penal farm , assigned to guard the crops , tractors and other implements . There are just 150 maximum-security inmates who must work indoors and remain in a more tightly secured environment . However , murderers and other previous maximum-security prisoners can qualify for the outdoors if they have served at least half their sentence and have a record of good behaviour . A life sentence is regarded as a 40-year term . Schwarzkopf said the modern approach to penology had been a success . They said less than 10 percent of Iwahig 's prisoners became repeat offenders after being released , lower than the national average . The jail has also had no recent history of riots or mass breakouts . Schwarzkopf said there had been just one breakout since they took over leadership of the prison in 2012 : involving four inmates serving terms for murder , attempted murder and car theft . Three of them were swiftly captured , according to Schwarzkopf , although they declined to say which one of the four remained at large . Prominent Puerto Princesa lawyer Herminia Caabay said they also regarded Iwahig 's “ humane ” approach to inmates as a success . “ Riots are a sign of depression brought about by prison conditions . These usually happen at places where people are kept behind bars , ” Caabay said . Convicted drug dealer Gamay , 39 , said they treasured their time working the land as it helped them keep their mind off their wife , who had left them for another man . “ It stops me thinking bad things , ” said the stocky , tattooed former fish vendor , who began their 30-year sentence in Manila 's Bilibid but was transferred to Iwahig seven years ago . Gamay said living at Iwahig had allowed them to dream and prepare for a successful life back in society . “ The work experience helps you learn to stand on your own two feet ... I want to go back to selling fish and save up to build my own house , ” they said .
This special effects makeup concept was inspired by our inner demons , and mental illnesses such as bipolar , ADHD , and depression . It is thought that we can all relate by having inner demons , a self-doubt constantly dragging us down .
I created the latex mask and body pieces all within a 9 day turn to apply on a photo shoot using Suzi Cumming as a model . The occasion was special to us as we collaborated with ideas as Suzi is a sufferer and really helped make it clear what suffering actually looks like if you could see what a sufferer was feeling . Suzi suggested incorporating hands as if being held back and tied down or suffocated . And I really wanted to show expressions and emotions in the faces within the design . Also , an ambigram was put into the design which states “ I 'm fine ” and when turned upside down it reads “ save me ” .
The professional photographs were taken by horror fanatic Rick Jones at Horrify me studios . I picked Rick for their amazing editing skills and love of horror and details because although they photographed the design in its raw state they later added lots of fake blood which pushed the design into a graphic gory style . The design took 6 hours to apply with assistant Claire Jones . If it was not for Claire assistance the design would have taken much longer to apply . The idea of wearing a mask also brings into the concept that many of us hide behind a mask of our true feelings daily as we put on a happy face to mask the pain inside or hardship times in our lives . The design is special and , hopefully , it shows to everyone suffering that they are not alone . Speak out and speak to anyone about how you 're feeling it will probably turn out that they may have been feeling similar at some point .
12 SHARES Share Tweet
What does ARM say about Intel 's Haswell mobile ambitions ?
Intel 's keynote at Computex was defined by its push into the mobile sector . Indeed , Intel 's Tom Kilroy said the next-generation of the company 's hardware would be able to break the “ x86 power myth ” meaning that these chips would have a total power draw similar to ARM 's chips — which are known for their austere power requirements .
“ Intel has busted the x86 power myth , ” Kilroy said at Intel 's keynote . During the keynote they showed off a prototype fanless Haswell-powered tablet , as a way of demonstrating the company 's resolve .
The reason why an ARM-competitive processor is an achievement for Intel is it would allow the x86 ecosystem to expand to the mobile sector , a sector dominated by ARM . Software written for the instruction set could run natively on an x86-powered mobile device , giving it the advantage of a massive app-library . Windows 8 , for example , would run natively eliminating the need for Windows RT .
So what does ARM think about all of this ?
When asked , a spokesperson for the company said that ARM still has an advantage over Intel 's mobile chips in die size .
“ It 's really a question of the ARM architecture versus x86 architecture . ARM 's RISC roots allow for very scalable processors . The Cortex-A7 for example occupies less than 0.5 mm^2 of die in 28nm [ fabrication ] – that 's less than a tenth the size of an Intel Atom ( Medfield ) processor core in a similar process technology node , ” ARM 's Elsa Wen told VR-Zone .
“ Even the high-end Cortex-A15 processor core which delivers multiple times the performance of the Atom Medfield processor is less than half the size . This is one of the key advantages of the ARM architecture , ” they said . “ ARM platforms will shortly make it through to 20nm in the coming year , where the performance per milliwatt advantage will grow . ”
Wen said that ARM does not see Intel 's Haswell being able to work in tablets because of its inability to fit into the thermal and power constraints of the form factor due to the die size .
It should be noted that Intel has yet to ship a 22nm Atom ; Medfield ( Saltwell ) is based on the 32nm fabrication size .
ARM 's ability to fit its chips into such a small die size with a low power draw is the envy of its competitors . Some companies , like AMD , have chosen to embrace ARM 's technology . AMD is planning to release ARM-powered server hardware in the near future .
However , it may be that ARM might have to eat its own words in the near future . At Computex , Intel 's Clover Trail+ was shown off in a variety of tablet and smartphone based systems and it beat leading ARM chips in the power consumption game . In addition this month , ABI Research , a technology consultancy , published a report that showed the Intel-powered Lenovo K900 held its own against four leading Arms powered smartphones — including a Samsung i9500 Galaxy S 4 with a “ big.LITTLE ” 1.6GHz Cortex-A15 chip .
“ Intel stood out with only 0.85A of average current vs. 1.38A for the Samsung Exynos Octa , and 1.79A for the Qualcomm APQ8064T , ” ABI wrote in its report .
Intel finding success in crafting some sort of cogent mobile strategy is of paramount importance to the company . If it does n't find a way into create a significant inroad into the mobile market with a cogent mobile strategy , it will no longer be the titan it once was .
Real-world benchmarks on Intel 's 6W SDP Haswell Y-series or Bay Trail chips have yet to appear . Only when they do will it be possible to see if Intel has really “ busted the x86 power myth ” or if the company 's chips are handicapped by die size/complexity .
Image credit : Chinese VR-Zone
David Cameron is preparing to fight the next general election on a clear promise to the British people not to form a second coalition government even if they fall short of a Commons majority , The Telegraph has learnt .
The Prime Minister wants to make a commitment in the Conservative Party election manifesto not to sign a second power-sharing deal with a smaller party in the event of a hung parliament next May , it is understood .
Instead , a Conservative party that won the most seats but lacked a Commons majority would attempt to rule as a minority government , a course that would almost certainly lead to its early collapse and a quick second election .
Mr Cameron 's allies believe the high-stakes promise would confront voters with a stark choice : an all-Conservative government or rule by Labour , possibly in coalition with the Liberal Democrats .
“ He 's very clear , they do n't want another Coalition , ” a source close to Mr Cameron has told The Telegraph .
“ A promise in the manifesto not to do any deals after the election would make that very clear to voters and ensure they know exactly what the choice is at the election . ”
Private polling for the Conservatives is said to have shown that voters are increasingly disenchanted with the idea of coalition and want a clearer sense of direction from a government .
A public poll by Ipsos MORI last month also showed that 65 per cent of voters believes that a second hung parliament would be bad for Britain .
Mr Cameron 's public rejection of a second coalition could also rally support among Conservative MPs and activists , some of whom are openly unhappy about sharing power with the Lib Dems and the compromises involved . However , it would also close off the option of remaining in power if the election delivers another hung parliament where the Tories and Lib Dems would together have a majority .
The Conservatives fell short of a majority in 2010 , a failure that forced Mr Cameron to negotiate their coalition agreement with the Lib Dems and which has haunted their leadership of their party . With barely 14 months until the next general election and despite the recent economic upturn , Labour retains a solid lead over the Conservatives in most opinion polls . Labour is registering around 38 per cent support on average , while the Conservatives are around 33 per cent . Most Conservative strategists believe the party needs more than 40 per cent of the vote to deliver a full Commons majority , an outcome many believe is extremely unlikely .
That has led to speculation at Westminster about the Conservatives seeking to renew their coalition with the Lib Dems .
Nick Clegg , the Lib Dem leader , has publicly said that they want to remain in power after the election by striking a coalition deal with either of the larger parties .
However , Mr Cameron and their inner circle are said to be more and more unhappy with the current power-sharing arrangement .
As the election approaches , the two coalition parties are increasingly at odds on issues ranging from schools reform to immigration curbs . The Lib Dems have also angered many Conservatives by refusing to support their attempts to change the law to guarantee a referendum on European Union membership by 2017 .
Whitehall officials say the Government is becoming “ dysfunctional ” as political differences between the parties grow , preventing ministers agreeing any new policies to implement before the election . That raises the prospect of a becalmed Government marking time until the election next May , something that is said to have left Mr Cameron frustrated and impatient .
The Conservative manifesto is still being negotiated within the party , with final decisions not due until early next year .
However , a “ no deals ” promise in the manifesto would mark a sharp change in approach by the Prime Minister , who had previously been moving to prepare their party for a second coalition .
Last year , Mr Cameron told Conservative colleagues that they would change party rules to ensure that in the event of a second coalition being negotiated , the final deal would have to be approved by Conservative MPs before being signed .
During the early years of the coalition , some of Mr Cameron 's friends privately suggested that they were happier working with the Lib Dems than with their own party 's traditional wing .
But sources say that more than four years of co-operating and compromising with the Lib Dems has left Mr Cameron increasingly frustrated at their inability to push ahead with key Conservative policies .
The Prime Minister last year revealed they keep a “ little black book ” of Tory policies that the Lib Dems have blocked . In September , they said : “ I do n't want another coalition . I want a Conservative majority . ”
This piece from 2011 has received a lot of attention , although it was originally just a short position statement delivered at a conference . In early 2015 , a much longer , more densely argued version was published as `` Why Gamification is Bullshit '' in This piece from 2011 has received a lot of attention , although it was originally just a short position statement delivered at a conference . In early 2015 , a much longer , more densely argued version was published as `` Why Gamification is Bullshit '' in The Gameful World
In their short treatise On Bullshit , the moral philosopher Harry Frankfurt gives us a useful theory of bullshit . We normally think of bullshit as a synonym—albeit a somewhat vulgar one—for lies or deceit . But Frankfurt argues that bullshit has nothing to do with truth .
Rather , bullshit is used to conceal , to impress or to coerce . Unlike liars , bullshitters have no use for the truth . All that matters to them is hiding their ignorance or bringing about their own benefit .
Gamification is bullshit .
I 'm not being flip or glib or provocative . I 'm speaking philosophically .
More specifically , gamification is marketing bullshit , invented by consultants as a means to capture the wild , coveted beast that is videogames and to domesticate it for use in the grey , hopeless wasteland of big business , where bullshit already reigns anyway .
Bullshitters are many things , but they are not stupid . The rhetorical power of the word “ gamification ” is enormous , and it does precisely what the bullshitters want : it takes games—a mysterious , magical , powerful medium that has captured the attention of millions of people—and it makes them accessible in the context of contemporary business .
Gamification is reassuring . It gives Vice Presidents and Brand Managers comfort : they 're doing everything right , and they can do even better by adding “ a games strategy ” to their existing products , slathering on “ gaminess ” like aioli on ciabatta at the consultant 's indulgent sales lunch .
Gamification is easy . It offers simple , repeatable approaches in which benefit , honor , and aesthetics are less important than facility . For the consultants and the startups , that means selling the same bullshit in book , workshop , platform , or API form over and over again , at limited incremental cost . It ticks a box . Social media strategy ? Check . Games strategy ? Check .
The title of this symposium shorthands these points for me : the slogan “ For the Win , ” accompanied by a turgid budgetary arrow and a tumescent rocket , suggesting the inevitable priapism this powerful pill will bring about—a Viagra for engagement dysfunction , engorgement guaranteed for up to one fiscal quarter .
This rhetorical power derives from the “ -ification ” rather than from the “ game ” . -ification involves simple , repeatable , proven techniques or devices : you can purify , beautify , falsify , terrify , and so forth . -ification is always easy and repeatable , and it 's usually bullshit . Just add points .
Game developers and players have critiqued gamification on the grounds that it gets games wrong , mistaking incidental properties like points and levels for primary features like interactions with behavioral complexity . That may be true , but truth does n't matter for bullshitters . Indeed , the very point of gamification is to make the sale as easy as possible .
I 've suggested the term “ exploitationware ” as a more accurate name for gamification 's true purpose , for those of us still interested in truth . Exploitationware captures gamifiers ' real intentions : a grifter 's game , pursued to capitalize on a cultural moment , through services about which they have questionable expertise , to bring about results meant to last only long enough to pad their bank accounts before the next bullshit trend comes along .
I am not naive and I am not a fool . I realize that gamification is the easy answer for deploying a perversion of games as a mod marketing miracle . I realize that using games earnestly would mean changing the very operation of most businesses . For those whose goal is to clock out at 5pm having matched the strategy and performance of your competitors , I understand that mediocrity 's lips are seductive because they are willing . For the rest , those of you who would consider that games can offer something different and greater than an affirmation of existing corporate practices , the business world has another name for you : they call you “ leaders . ”
( Also available in < a href= ” http : //www.brainstorm9.com.br/opiniao/gamification-e-bullshit/ ” > Portuguese < /a > , < a href= ” http : //bun045.wordpress.com/2011/08/14/byi/ ” > Japanese < /a > , and reprinted at < a href= ” http : //www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2011/08/gamification-is-bullshit/243338/ ” > < i > The Atlantic < /i > < /a > and < a href= ” http : //kotaku.com/5829210/ ” > Kotaku < /a > )
July 8 , 2012 2:56 PM
Radiohead 's Subterranean Homesick Alien , the mariachi cover.I was n't too familiar with mariachi instrumentation before this , but ended up with three vocalists , two trumpets , two violins , two guitars , a guitarron , and an accordion , all samples except for one of the guitars and my voice.Thanks to the MeFi folks who helped me with the lyrics translation . This is an amalgom of sorts of what everone suggested . Sing along ! El aliento del albaLo sigo olvidandoEl olor del sol estivalVivo en un puebloDonde no puedes oler nadaMiras tus piesPor grietas en la aceraAllá arribaLos extraterrestres grabanpelículas caserasPara los que se quedaronDe estas criaturas rarasQue encierran sus almasTaladran huecos en si mismosY viven para sus secretosEstán todosTensos ... Deseo para ellos a descender sobre la caminoTarde en la noche , mientras estoy manejandoMe llevan bordo de sus bella naveQue me muestren el mundo como yo quiero verloLes diría a mis amigo , pero no lo creeríaSe podrían pensar que yo estaba locoLes mostraría las estrellas y lo que significa la vidaMe encerraríanPero estaría bienSolo estoytenso ...
* all products featured in this post were purchased by me
Hey All ! So you might have seen already , but I 'm pulling the plug on Textured Tuesdays . It never really took off like I had hoped . It was supposed to be this awesome linkup where anyone who wanted could join in , but really only my good friends joined in . The good news is that while Textured Tuesday is leaving us for now , we are working on something super fun and exciting . Stay tuned ! For the last Textured Tuesday , I decided to do a twist on the half moon look . I started out with a base of OPI Do n't Bossa Nova Me Around . This is the one nude polish I purchased from the OPI Brazil collection . Love love love it ! Next I used some half moon guides and a stencil from Sticky Nails and added some interesting details using OPI Pussy Galore.What do you think of this look for the last Textured Tuesday look ? If you want to join in , be sure to link up below ! Enjoy & until next time , Amy Lee
What you may know them from : Star Trek and American Horror Story
What you may know them from : Peter and the Starcatcher
What you may know them from : SGU Stargate Universe , The Columnist , and Gossip Girl
What you may know them from : The Heiress , 24 , The Perfect Storm , and Doubt
What it 's about :
Directed by Tony Award-winner John Tiffany and the creative team behind Once comes the Broadway revival of The Glass Menagerie . The story follows a Southern Belle named Amanda Wingfield who lives in St. Louis with their two grown children . Amanda wishes a better life for their crippled daughter Laura and begs their son Tom to find a suitor for them However , the gentleman caller named Jim causes more trouble than the family can keep up with .
Around the globe , activists are turning to Emma Goldman and Alexeyevich Kropotkin . The word anarchy swims through Twitter feeds and Facebook shares . “ Anarchy ” means unmediated people power . It means people divesting from hierarchical systems .
Or so we are told .
The slogan – and it is a slogan – is that there is power within each person to choose their own destiny . This power has supposedly begun to awaken from a long slumber .
This power is not waking because it does n't exist , at least not as described . A false idea about individual freedom has been around for a long time . It 's been known to be false for just as long .
First point : Anarchism can not ground resistance to oppressive hierarchies , effectively , because individuals ' most intimate thinking expresses such hierarchies . This was known to independence activists in Cuba 200 years ago .
They noticed a simple fact about thinking . It is simple on the face of it , but profound in its implications , politically , at least currently , with the dominance of liberalism , libertarian and anarchist tendencies .
Lenin was aware of this truth . They cited it explicitly , although much later than José de la Luz y Caballero and Félix Varela in Cuba in the early nineteenth century .
It goes like this : All thinking , even the supposedly most private , depends upon universals . Every entity – thing , event , or being – is at the same time a universal , a kind of entity . Universals are general terms like “ love ” , “ freedom ” , and “ tree ” . Your thinking may be private , but universals are social . They are shared .
Lenin knew this . They said people are confused about freedom because they ignore their dependence for thinking upon society . 1 .
For example , you think you are falling in love because you have certain feelings . But why call such feelings “ love ” and not something else ? It is because of stories you have heard and what you have seen on TV . 2 .
The Cuban Philosophical Polemic ( 1838 -40 ) , a remarkable debate across the entire island , urged the priority of epistemology ( the philosophical study of knowledge ) in school curricula.3 . Debaters are credited by historians with teaching Cubans how to think . 4 . They clarified the nature of critical thought : It depends upon universals , which depend upon institutions ( social practises ) . More adequate universals require more adequate institutions .
Emma Goldman said “ Anarchism , then , really stands for the liberation of the human mind from the … shackles and restraints of government . Anarchism stands for a social order based on the free grouping of individuals … according to individual desires , tastes , and inclinations ” . 5 .
But a social movement that is based upon “ individual desires , tastes , and inclinations ” can not stand for liberation of the human mind from the shackles of government . Human minds , to some degree or other , express those shackles because they depend upon universals , usually unselfconsciously .
So , the first point is that individual thinking expresses hierarchies . It can not effectively respond to such hierarchies .
The second point is that since thinking is always dependent upon universals and universals depend upon societies , it is impossible to dislodge , through reason and argument alone , a well-established belief , even if false . This is well-known in analytic philosophy of science . 6 .
For instance , if I release an object and it does not fall , and I make a sophisticated argument against the law of gravity , no one will study my argument . No one will check my evidence . It is because my claim is implausible . 7 .
Reason works like this . If the lights go out , and someone says invading aliens did it , no one investigates . We consider evidence for claims that are plausible , and plausibility depends upon expectations , arising from social practises . If a belief 's truth is expected , as we expect gravity , we dismiss counter-examples , rationally .
Hence the third point . The fundamental idea of liberalism , libertarianism and anarchism – that the individual possesses power to choose their destiny as a human being – is false . It is false because it misrepresents the nature of thinking , which depends upon society and always expresses , to some degree or other , social hierarchies . It 's a matter , quite simply , of cause and effect .
But the appeal of the ‘ inner voice ' persists , defiantly , despite science .
We assume that we live best from ‘ within ' , which means fulfilling desires , preferences and life plans , within specified limits . We organize our lives to follow dreams , not because they are good , but because we have them , because they are ours . So we think of freedom , roughly , as not being prevented from doing what we want .
This does n't mean that anything goes . It is an ideal , the limits of which are determined differently by different theorists . Essentially , though , the basic idea is that my conscious mind provides the best resource for controlling my life . The conscious mind , though , like everything else , responds to causation . This was Lenin 's point , expressed earlier in the Cuban Philosophical Polemic .
Fourth point : That individuals do not possess the power to control our destinies as individuals , has been known for millennia to smart sensitive philosophers including Varela , Luz , José Martí , Marx and Lenin , and also indigenous peoples , living close to the earth , across continents .
It was known to the Buddha 2500 years ago . They said belief in such power is a deep and pervasive evil . 8 .
Early Buddhists referred to sakkayadithi , or personality-belief . Personality belief is the conception of ourselves that we rely upon , day by day , to interpret our lives . We invest ourselves in personality belief , expecting it to ground human well-being , non-morally at least , and it can not do so . It is impossible .
For , it is largely arbitrary , explained by parents , teachers , social context and the media , among other factors . Investment in sakkayaditthi is explained by ignorance , particularly of cause and effect .
For this reason , Martí warned Latin Americans not to be ‘ slaves of Liberty ! ' 9 . The person who looks to themselves is like “ an oyster in its shell , seeing only the prison that entraps them and believing , in the darkness , that it is the world ” . 10 . Martí insisted that political liberation requires liberation from the shell of the self , not glorifying it , as liberalism was doing , into a preposterous distortion of the demands of human freedom in a dehumanizing world .
Fifth and final point : A false and dangerous idea is being promoted unwittingly by well-intended , otherwise progressive anarchists .
Eugène Ionesco , who worried about fascism , explains . Their 1959 play , Rhinoceros , is about a small town in France where people turn into rhinoceroses . At first , everyone is horrified by the rhinoceroses but eventually the change becomes seductive . Even the town 's logician becomes a rhinoceros , happily , wanting to “ move with the times ” . 11 .
Ionesco 's play is about totalitarianism , but not the political sort . It 's totalitarianism of reason when no questions are raised about how human beings ( and monsters ) are named . In the end , Berenger , the only human remaining , reminds themselves that “ [ a ] man 's not ugly to look at , not ugly at all ! ” . However , a few sentences later they say “ I should have gone with them while there was still time ” . 12
Rhinoceritis is about universals . Berenger is an individual man who is now , because of social practises , a monster . To think of themselves as a human being , and to act as such , they need to resist a way of thinking . But that way of thinking is now the fabric of their society .
They may claim a better way of thinking by drawing upon intuitions . But their individual claim can now be dismissed , rationally . It is after all implausible given social expectations . If rhinoceritis is presupposed in day to day life , Berenger 's arguments , no matter how well supported by evidence , can be dismissed , just as arguments against gravity could be dismissed , rationally . They are implausible . Reason works this way .
Rhinoceritis worried early Cuban activists and later Martí . Martí wrote in “ Our America ” that the “ good governor ” brings about by “ means and institutions ” – i.e . transformation of social , cultural , economic and political practises – the conditions by which every person “ knows themselves and is active ” . 13 . Through transformation of practises , not by looking “ inside ” , individuals know themselves , as human beings .
At least when there exists systemic , global dehumanization , as there now does , the mythical “ inner voice ” possesses no special status as regards human well-being . Rhinoceritis demands transformation of institutions , which requires organization , vision , collaboration , and leaders .
It requires theoretical as well as political vision . This means asking philosophical questions – about the nature of knowledge and what it means to be human . Martí put such questions at the centre of their independence movement . Fidel Castro put them at the centre of the Cuban Revolution , following Martí . Marx asked such questions in the part of their work mostly disregarded by 20th century Marxists .
The tiger of imperialism , Martí wrote , crouches “ behind every tree , in every corner … their claws unsheathed ” . 14 . Neither Martí nor their predecessors thought the tiger was easily known , or even identified . Their preoccupation with the reality of ideas was motivated by personal experience with rhinoceritis , the tiger of imperialism , the disease of dehumanization .
Anarchism does n't address rhinoceritis . Liberalism does n't either . Grounding social movements in individual desires , orientations and preferences promotes the same hierarchies , in the long run . This was in effect the argument of José de la Luz y Caballero against European liberalism 200 years ago in Cuba . They claimed it was based in a seductive , but false , idea of individual freedom , disregarding the nature of individual thinking , and its dependence upon universals , which depend upon institutions . Luz argued that liberalism ultimately justifies imperialism . Proponents of anarchism might take note .
Notes
1.Lenin , V. I . ( 1961b ) . Conspectus of Hegel 's Science of Logic . In Stewart Smith ( Ed . ) , Collected Works , Vol . 38 ( Clemens Dutt , Trans. , pp . 85– 126 ) . London , UK : Lawrence and Wishart . ( Originally published 1930 ) 189 This point is well known in North American analytic philosophy . See e.g . Searle , John . ( 1995 ) . The construction of social reality . New York , NY : Free Press .
2.This point is well known in North American analytic philosophy . See e.g . Searle , John . ( 1995 ) . The construction of social reality . New York , NY : Free Press .
3.Luz y Caballero , José de la . ( 1947 ) . La Polemica filosófica , Volume 5 . Havana , Cuba : University of Havana , p. 113 .
4.Torres- Cuevas , Eduardo . ( 2004 ) . Historia del pensamiento cubano : Volúmen 1 , Tomo 1.Havana , Cuba : Editorial de ciencias sociales.329f .
5.Anarchism , p. 62
6.E.g . Putnam , Hilary . ( 1975 ) . The analytic and synthetic . Mind , language and reality : Philosophical papers , volume 2 ( pp . 33– 69 ) . New York , NY : Cambridge University Press .
7.Boyd , Richard N. ( 2010 ) . Realism , natural kinds and philosophical methods . In Helen Beebee & Nigel Sabbarton ( Eds . ) , The semantics and metaphysics of natural kinds ( pp . 212– 34 ) . New York , NY : Routledge
8.E.g . Ledi Sayadaw , Requisites of Enlightenment ( 1999 ) 256-7
9.Martí , José . ( 2002 ) . Prologue to Juan Antonio Pérez Bonalde 's poem of Niagara . In Esther Allen ( Ed . and Trans . ) , José Martí : Selected writings ( pp . 43– 51 ) . New York , NY : Penguin Books . ( Originally published 1882 ) , 50-51 .
10 . Martí “ Walt Whitman ” Selected , p. 187 .
11 . Ionesco , Eugène . ( 2000 ) . Rhinoceros ( Derek Prouse , Trans. ) . New York , NY : Penguin Books . ( Originally published 1959 ) , pp . 102 – 3 .
12 . Ionesco , p. 104 .
13 . “ Our America ” Selected , p. 290
14 . “ Our America ” 293
Sue Babbitt is associate professor of philosophy at Queen 's University , Kingston , Canada and author ( most recently ) of Humanism and Embodiment ( Bloomsbury 2014 ) and José Martí , Ernesto ‘ Che ” Guevara and Global Development Ethics ( Palgrave Macmillan 2014 )
There 's a fight brewing down at the 2016 General Assembly , and one of Virginia 's oldest liquor laws is at stake .
There 's a fight brewing down at the 2016 General Assembly , and one of Virginia 's oldest liquor laws is at stake .
Local restaurant owners and advocates have banded together in the hopes of changing the state 's “ ratio law ” from 45 % to 25 % . What does this mean ? Currently a restaurant needs to make at least 45 % of their income from food sales in order to have a mixed beverage ( liquor ) license .
Read more about the proposed bill here !
If that ratio bumps down to 25 % , it would reduce the burden on struggling bars that aim for more of a late-night crowd . IS that a good thing ? That 's up to you to decide – and if you have an opinion on the issue you should head down to the Houseroom C today two hours after adjournment and let legislators know .
Either way , here 's a brief history of VA 's booze laws via Kevin Clay and their ‘ Fix the Mix ' blog which aims to change the current ratio requirement :
——
Virginia legalized liquor by the drink only in 1968 , and in a state full of moralistic fears , a liquor license came with lots of bizarre strings attached . It 's not 1968 anymore , though our mixed beverage license laws might lead you to think it is .
1968 : General Assembly Approves Liquor-by-the-Drink
( top image ) Looks like a fun bunch , right ?
It had been a long 52 years since a Virginian restaurant had last legally sold a liquor drink , in 1916 . But after much squabbling , the Virginia General Assembly finally approved an act that provided for counties , cities , and towns to hold voter referendums on allowing mixed beverage sales . Within a matter of weeks , 42 localities had eagerly applied to put the question on their upcoming ballots , and the vast majority of the measures were successful . The first legal drink was served on October 17 , on a Chesapeake & Ohio Railway train bound for Charlottesville as it passed through Bath County , the first locality to approve liquor-by-the-drink , and the rest was history .
The 1968 Mixed Beverage Act , though , was no simple , cut-and-dry piece of legislation . The fears of church-affiliated pressure groups , warning Virginia would be overrun with seedy houses of ill-repute were liquor to be authorized , pushed the drafters into including a vast number of compromises and conditions attached to the sale of mixed beverages .
Per this act , those that were lucky enough to get mixed beverage licenses could not :
1 – Serve from a bar . Mixed drinks could only be ordered or served to people seated at a table .
Allow “ immoral , indecent , or profane language. ” Licensees were not permitted to serve liquor to foul-mouths .
2 – Have fewer than 50 seats at tables . Small restaurants were considered unworthy of selling liquor .
3 – Have investors . The act specifically required that licensees not “ allow any person to receive a percentage of the income of the licensed business or have any beneficial interest in such business . ”
4 – Hire certain kinds of people . “ No licensee … shall knowingly employ in the licensed business any person who has the general reputation as a prostitute , homosexual , panderer , gambler , habitual law violator , person of ill repute , user of or peddler of narcotics or person who drinks to excess or any “ B-Girl ”
Most of these silly provisions were quietly stricken over the years , but one stubbornly remained : the ratio .
“ [ W ] hich license may be granted only to persons operating a restaurant [ … ] whose gross receipts from the sale of full meals cooked , prepared and served on the premises [ … ] shall exceed its gross receipts from the sale of alcoholic beverages and mixed beverages ”
While not giving an exact percentage , the law said , in line with the other provisions that sought to severely restrict the number of places authorized to sell liquor , that if you made more money from alcohol than from food , then you were not qualified to sell alcohol , implying a 51 % ratio . The original measure included every alcohol in this definition – beer , wine , and spirits – so if a restaurant sold $ 5,001 in beer plus wine plus liquor in a year but $ 4,999 in food , it would be in violation and face a revocation of its license .
That 's how it stood basically until …
1980 : 51 % becomes 45 % , Beer and Wine stop being “ alcohol ”
Read the rest of this story here !
Over objections from the White House and many science and environmental groups , the Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives this week approved two bills that would change how the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) obtains and uses scientific data and advice . The bills are n't likely to become law this year , but they are fueling an intense political battle that is likely to resurface when the new Congress convenes in January .
Proponents of the bills , which the House passed almost entirely with GOP votes , say they would increase transparency in how EPA uses data to justify its regulations and result in better , more balanced scientific advice for the agency . “ EPA has an extensive track record of twisting the science to justify their actions , ” and so reform is needed , said Representative Lamar Smith ( R–TX ) , head of the House science committee , in a statement supporting one of the bills .
But opponents say the legislation would do more harm than good . “ These bills are the culmination of one of the most anti-science and anti-health campaigns I 've witnessed in my 22 years as a member of Congress , ” said Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson ( D–TX ) , top Democrat on the House science committee , in a statement .
White House officials say they would recommend that President Barack Obama veto the legislation if it reaches their desk . That 's unlikely in the current Congress , which ends next month , given that Democrats still hold a majority in the Senate . That makes the votes largely symbolic . But observers say they represent another salvo in a long-standing battle over the release of scientific data that underlines key regulations—and a sign of battles to come once Republicans assume control of both chambers of Congress in January .
One bill , approved 18 November on a mostly party-line 229 to 191 vote , would overhaul rules regarding the membership and meetings of EPA 's Science Advisory Board ( SAB ) . That federally chartered body of scientists , economists , and other scholars reviews agency risk assessments and scientific documents and advises the agency on other matters . The EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act ( H.R . 1422 ) , sponsored by Representative Chris Stewart ( R–UT ) , would require the agency to make SAB 's membership “ fairly balanced , ” add more public comment opportunities , require more acknowledgment of dissenting panelists ' views , bar panelists from discussing their own research , and limit nonscientific advice from the panel . “ Ensuring that the [ board ] is balanced and transparent will help instill more confidence in the EPA 's decision making process , ” Stewart said in a statement .
The bill would seek to balance membership by setting a quota for state , local , and tribal government officials on SAB panels and clarify that industry experts are n't barred from membership as long as their potential conflicts of interest are disclosed .
The second bill , the Secret Science Reform Act ( H.R . 4012 ) , would require that the data from any study that EPA draws upon to inform its regulations , risk assessments , and guidance documents be “ reproducible ” and released publicly as long as the law does n't forbid it . “ If you 're going to make public policy , do it by public data , ” said Representative David Schweikert ( R–AZ ) , the bill 's lead sponsor and chair of the House science committee 's environmental subpanel , on the House floor on 19 November . The House approved the measure on a mostly party-line 237 to 190 vote .
Trade associations in key industries—from chemicals to oil to natural gas—support the bills , saying that boosting data transparency and changing SAB 's composition would result in more scientifically sound , and thus publicly trusted , regulations .
Opponents , however , say the bills are thinly disguised efforts to make EPA 's job more difficult .
For instance , the EPA SAB reform act could “ turn conflict of interest on its head ” by opening the door to more representation from industry scientists , says Andrew Rosenberg , director of the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists , a science and environmental advocacy group , in Cambridge , Massachusetts . A White House statement argues that the new membership requirements “ could preclude the nomination of scientists with significant expertise in their fields . ”
Public health groups , scientists , and environmental groups warned in a letter to lawmakers that the bill would grind SAB to a halt by requiring an “ endless loop ” of public comment and responses from the panel to almost every comment . “ At best , the SAB will be reduced to busy work . At worst , the SAB 's assessments will address the concerns of corporations , not the desires of citizens for science-informed regulation that protects public health , ” the letter argues .
The “ secret science ” bill could drastically cut the number of studies that EPA would be allowed to use in developing rules , the advocates ' letter argues . By requiring “ reproducible ” data , the bill “ seems to adopt a very narrow view of scientific information solely based on laboratory experiments , ” it argues , noting that many studies that EPA traditionally relies on involve modeling or analyzing real-world health data , which can be hard to replicate .
H.R . 4012 could also rule out EPA 's use of other studies involving confidential health information , which can be important , critics say . And the bill 's requirements “ could be used to prevent EPA from finalizing regulations until legal challenges about the legitimate withholding of certain scientific and technical information are resolved , ” a White House statement warns .
Rosenberg argues that the real purpose of H.R . 4012 is to enable EPA critics to obtain data and turn it over to their own analysts , in order to pick apart studies they do n't like and produce findings more favorable to their views . “ The problem they 're trying to fix is , they do n't like the answer ” provided by certain studies , they say .
Both bills , or similar versions , are likely to resurface in the new Congress .
Would you like to be a part of the Founders Family ? We 're an ever-growing team of hard-working beer enthusiasts that take what we do seriously but do n't take ourselves too seriously . We value all of our employees and their enthusiastic dedication to brewing delicious beer ! We care about having a company where employees love what they do and regard themselves as the ultimate customers of the products we produce ; we hire for personality , passion , and skill as much as for knowledge of our industry . If you 're interested in joining our team , please check for open positions below .
Principles of Founders These principles reflect the ethos and culture of Founders that has developed organically since the brewery 's early days . They are guidelines for decision-making , problem-solving and other actions , for all members of the ever-growing Founders Family . We are all brand ambassadors , representing this brewery and one another , and we wanted to document what has made us strong thus far as we continue on our journey . Read More Inclusion Come as you are . We brew beer that we want to drink , but that does n't mean that we 're all the same or that everyone has to like every beer that we brew . Each person 's values , interests and palate are all part of who they are . We respect individuality . There is no “ Founders Lifestyle. ” There are individual lifestyles . Authenticity Is honest and genuine , and we will respect you for it . We 'd rather pass our time with someone genuine , authentic and unconventional than with a people pleaser . We do n't hide things in our beer , and we do n't hide who we are or what we do . It 's all about transparency . Passion Live your dream and share your passion . Brewing great beer and sharing it with beer enthusiasts is our collective dream . As individuals , we each have personal aspirations and dreams . Everyone is a badass . Choose your own adventure . Pursue your dreams ; live them . Family Our employees are at the core of the Founders Family . United by a passion for great beer , we are always there for one another , and we recognize that Founders as a whole is greater than the sum of its parts . We 're all in this together . Every single person in the Founders Family has a role to play in making this brewery run . This thing that we 're a part of is bigger than any one of us—it 's bigger than the number of barrels that we brew or the size of our staff . Just like the bonds of a family . Diversity Diverse backgrounds , experiences and perspectives inspire us . The Founders Family is strengthened when we attract , develop and retain a group of Founders Family members that reflects the diversity of our community and our beer enthusiast customers . Positivity Live in the moment . Look at challenges as opportunities . Never forget that good beer is a connector of people : because we make amazing beer , we all get to be a part of life 's celebrations and of making memories . Humility We take our beer seriously , but we do n't take ourselves seriously . Beer is n't pretentious . At our taproom , titles are left at the door , and anyone who works here—from brewery owner to new packaging employee—should feel comfortable sitting down at the bar next to a fellow Founders Family member and striking up a conversation . Dedication Hard work and dedication pay off in the form of consistent world-class beer in the hands of all craft beer enthusiasts . We take pride in everything we do and that we do n't take any shortcuts . We do n't compromise our process , our service or our tactics . There is n't a lot of glamour in making , selling or serving beer , but , when executed correctly at all levels , the result is a celebration . Community We 're thankful for both the environmental and social communities that allow us to make great beer . We respect and are cognizant of the positive and negative impacts of our work . It 's part of our jobs to promote a responsible beer culture . We will do everything we can to amplify the positive aspects of being a brewery in Grand Rapids—by giving back and supporting local environmental , recreational and arts organizations—and to minimize the negative environmental effects of brewing beer . Purposeful Progress While we stay true to our roots , we are dedicated to evolving , improving and building upon our craft , every day . We never stop working to better ourselves , as individuals and as a company .
Wonder material graphene has revealed another of its extraordinary properties -- University of Manchester researchers have found that it is superpermeable with respect to water .
Graphene is one of the wonders of the science world , with the potential to create foldaway mobile phones , wallpaper-thin lighting panels and the next generation of aircraft . The new finding at the University of Manchester gives graphene 's potential a most surprising dimension -- graphene can also be used for distilling alcohol .
In a report published in Science , a team led by Professor Sir Andre Geim shows that graphene-based membranes are impermeable to all gases and liquids ( vacuum-tight ) . However , water evaporates through them as quickly as if the membranes were not there at all .
This newly-found property can now be added to the already long list of superlatives describing graphene . It is the thinnest known material in the universe and the strongest ever measured . It conducts electricity and heat better than any other material . It is the stiffest one too and , at the same time , it is the most ductile . Demonstrating its remarkable properties won University of Manchester academics the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2010 .
Now the University of Manchester scientists have studied membranes from a chemical derivative of graphene called graphene oxide . Graphene oxide is the same graphene sheet but it is randomly covered with other molecules such as hydroxyl groups OH- . Graphene oxide sheets stack on top of each other and form a laminate .
The researchers prepared such laminates that were hundreds times thinner than a human hair but remained strong , flexible and were easy to handle .
When a metal container was sealed with such a film , even the most sensitive equipment was unable to detect air or any other gas , including helium , to leak through .
It came as a complete surprise that , when the researchers tried the same with ordinary water , they found that it evaporates without noticing the graphene seal . Water molecules diffused through the graphene-oxide membranes with such a great speed that the evaporation rate was the same independently whether the container was sealed or completely open .
Dr Rahul Nair , who was leading the experimental work , offers the following explanation : `` Graphene oxide sheets arrange in such a way that between them there is room for exactly one layer of water molecules . They arrange themselves in one molecule thick sheets of ice which slide along the graphene surface with practically no friction .
`` If another atom or molecule tries the same trick , it finds that graphene capillaries either shrink in low humidity or get clogged with water molecules . ''
`` Helium gas is hard to stop . It slowly leaks even through a millimetre -thick window glass but our ultra-thin films completely block it . At the same time , water evaporates through them unimpeded . Materials can not behave any stranger , '' comments Professor Geim . `` You can not help wondering what else graphene has in store for us . ''
`` This unique property can be used in situations where one needs to remove water from a mixture or a container , while keeping in all the other ingredients , '' says Dr Irina Grigorieva who also participated in the research .
`` Just for a laugh , we sealed a bottle of vodka with our membranes and found that the distilled solution became stronger and stronger with time . Neither of us drinks vodka but it was great fun to do the experiment , '' adds Dr Nair .
The Manchester researchers report this experiment in their Science paper , too , but they say they do not envisage use of graphene in distilleries , nor offer any immediate ideas for applications .
However , Professor Geim adds 'The properties are so unusual that it is hard to imagine that they can not find some use in the design of filtration , separation or barrier membranes and for selective removal of water ' .
Volunteers are essential in conducting the sanctuary 's annual Ocean Count event . Volunteers monitor the water for signs of humpback whale activity . The majority of participants are local residents , however expanding interest has brought us calls from the mainland , Australia and beyond . Do n't miss your chance to get involved !
2018 is now closed and registration for the 2019 Sanctuary Ocean Counts will commence in Mid-December
Interested in registering a group of 5 or more ? Please see group information .
Interested in being a site leader ? Please contact us at the numbers listed above .
Some sites fill up quickly so we recommend that you register as early as possible . If your site is already full , your count coordinator can recommend an alternate location for you .
As the event gets closer you will need to contact the designated site leader for your site to find out the specific details for meeting times and locations . You will be given the site leader 's contact information when you register . Your site leader will be responsible for organizing the volunteers at your site and relaying any last-minute information from the Ocean Count coordinators .
On the day of the event , you will be asked to arrive at your site around 7:30 a.m. ( or earlier if a hike is required ) to get settled and receive instructions for data collection procedures . Some items you may consider bringing with you include pens or pencils , clipboards , binoculars , beach chairs or mats , hats , jackets , umbrellas , sunglasses , sunscreen , snacks , and water . A cellular telephone is also helpful in case of emergencies .
Site leaders will be responsible for collecting all data sheets from the volunteers and submitting them back to the count coordinators . Volunteers are also asked to fill out an evaluation form to provide comments and suggestions for improving the event . Feel free to give them to your site leader to forward or send them directly to the sanctuary office .
Safety is a primary concern during the Ocean Count . If weather or environmental conditions during the ocean count become unsafe , please abort the effort and vacate the area to ensure the safety of yourself and others . We recommend that while whale watching , all necessary precautions be taken as conditions at some of these shore sites can become unsafe . We advise that proper clothing and footwear be worn at all times . Never turn your back to the ocean or walk along steep cliffs .
Thank you for your interest in the Sanctuary Ocean Count and we hope you have a great day whale watching !
Google is reportedly planning to develop its own chipset for Android smartphones in order to better compete with Apple
Google is reportedly planning to follow the footsteps of Cupertino counterpart and rival Apple and is in discussion with some microchip makers about developing its own chips for Android phones .
Advertising
According to a report in Information , Google is working on building its own processors for smartphones . Google hopes designing its own chips would bring uniformity to the Android platform and help its flagships better compete with Apple 's iPhones .
With Android getting out of Google 's own control due to diversification with hardware and OEM partners , this seems to be a sensible option to bring some order into the chaotic Google universe .
Google believes with its own chips , Android updates can be seeded faster to devices and also it will be easier to enable future additions to every other Android smartphone . Nexus imprint introduced with this year 's Nexus flagships wo n't be available to other fingerprint scanner enabled smartphones due to compatibility issues and Google will be able to bridge this gap with its own custom designed chip .
At its October 29 event , Google released the latest version of Android called Marshmallow . But months after its release , Android M commands not more than 0.3 percent market share . In contrast , Apple 's iOS 9 , which was released on September 9 , stands at nearly 66 percent .
[ related-post ]
In simple words , both are mobile operating systems but the adoption rate shows how they differ in application . While Apple controls both hardware and software , Google follows an approach similar to Microsoft 's in the world of PCs .
Google 's Android devices are powered by processors from Qualcomm , MediaTek , ARM , Samsung 's Exynos and even Nvidia . With Android so badly fragmented , Google approaching microchip manufacturers is n't surprising .
The larger picture here is who will build the chip that Google recommends ? Will it be Qualcomm or Samsung or ARM ? If Google chooses Samsung as its partner , what would be the fate of Qualcomm which still powers most flagships including Google 's own Nexus line-up .
With iOS 9 and new iPhones , Apple claims it is seeing a large number of Android flagship users switching to their platform .
With Android , the trouble for premium smartphone users is the long wait for update , security concerns ; issues that Apple takes care of on its own .
Advertising
Now the report indicates that Google wants to put an end to the whole fragmented experience of the Android ecosystem by focussing on its own chip . How Google will work out equations with other OEMs remains to be seen .
With just two games left in a losing 2016 season , many Rutgers football fans are looking at a strong 2017 recruiting class as a sign of better days to come . Unfortunately , it seems there will continue to be some bumps in the road to officially signing one of the best recruiting class in Rutgers Football 's recent history . After the loss of fellow NJ running back Jonathan Taylor earlier this season , another 3-star recruit has decommitted from the program . East No . 12 running back Johnathan Lovett decommitted from Rutgers today after watching the Iowa Hawkeyes take down the then # 3 Michigan Wolverines this weekend .
Please see their official tweet below :
No interviews at this time pic.twitter.com/yMHCpmgn03 — JLove ( @ _jlovett7 ) November 15 , 2016
Marlton , NJ native Lovett originally committed to Rutgers on June 27th after praising Chris Ash 's changes to the program and stating their desire to represent their home state . At the time , they said it was “ the offer I 've been waiting for. ” It seems , however ; that recent visits to # 10 Penn State and Iowa have piqued their interest and caused them to reconsider their scholarship options . Lovett 's visits to Penn State and Iowa coincided with major upsets for both programs , as the Nittany Lions beat # 2 Ohio State in a surprising victory during their time in Happy Valley .
It is too soon to determine to which program Lovett will commit as they currently have offers from Penn State , Iowa , Maryland , Temple , Old Dominion , Boston College , and Monmouth University . Their only official visits have been to Iowa and Maryland , although they did tweet about their visit to Penn State , saying they were “ blessed to receive an offer . ”
Beyond Blessed to receive an offer from Penn State University ⚪️ # AllGloryToGod pic.twitter.com/CGT8BCGCty — JLove ( @ _jlovett7 ) October 25 , 2016
While it upsetting to lose another top-rated recruit , 4-star recruits Bo Melton ( WR ) , Micah Clark ( OT ) , and Tyshon Fogg ( OLB ) remain committed to the program . NJ native Jonathan Lewis ( QB ) has been vocal in their support of the program , and their desire to keep the current recruiting class together . As we close out the season , Ash and company have continued to reiterate their commitment to recruiting , and have even coined the term “ fencing the garden ” in reference to keeping local talent . Keep the faith , Rutgers fans . Even with the loss of Lovett , 247 Sports still ranks the current recruiting class 29th in the country and 7th in the Big Ten .
Here 's to continuing # TheHunt for top-tier talent as we look towards National Signing Day on February 1st .
The latest `` heroes '' to join Overwatch 's smorgasbord roster do n't seem very heroic at all . In fact , the duo of Jamison `` Junkrat '' Fawkes and Mako `` Roadhog '' Rutledge are two of the most notorious criminals in the world , whose ongoing crime spree causes death and destruction wherever they go .
Junkrat , a relatively scrawny fellow with one leg whose hair appears to be constantly on fire , specializes in explosives , arson , demolitions and barbecue . Their partner , Roadhog , is Junkrat 's near-complete opposite , standing more than seven feet tall and weighing 550 pounds , with criminal tendencies leaning toward the more hands-on : armed robbery , kidnapping , extortion , and theft , according to their `` Moment in Crime '' mugshot . Murder is n't on either of their sheets , but both are also apparently remorseless killers .
So how do a couple of hyper-violent halfwits find themselves in the ranks of to Overwatch ? That remains to be seen . Perhaps they had a shared epiphany about the capacity for goodness in even the darkest heart , or maybe they represent the nucleus of a sort of Suicide Squad-style group of antiheroes that are all the rage these days . Stay tuned !
Fans gave the 49ers a big send-off as the team left the Bay Area and headed to New Orleans .
Right after the team 's charter flight landed at Louis Armstrong International Airport , Coach Jim Harbaugh was seen carrying one of their children off the plane . The traveling party then boarded several buses before receiving a police escort to the team 's hotel .
The 49ers left their headquarters to a cheerful and optimistic send-off . We now have to wait a week to see if all that optimism pays off .
Dozens of excited fans waited outside the team 's training camp in Santa Clara to see their team off to the Super Bowl .
Some , like Alex Amador , have waited 18 years for them to win the big game , `` I 'm like a kid waiting to go to Disneyland the next day , this is exciting , '' Amador said . `` This is a real emotional time for me . I 've been a Niner fan since I was a child . ''
Fan Viri Arguello brought along their 6-month-old boy Xanthos , `` I was born into the 49ers , '' Arguello said . `` That 's my brother back there , taught me all I know . It 's so exciting I just ca n't believe it , we ca n't wait for the trophy . ''
We asked season ticket holders Andres Baires and friends if they are making the trip to New Orleans to see the game in person .
`` We 're hoping to , '' Baires said . `` We 're still working on details but we 're hoping . It 's going to take about seven thousand dollars . '' And that 's just one person 's expenses .
Inside the gates of the 49er camp , tight end Vernon Davis was packing an extra pair of sneakers to take to New Orleans and quarterback Colin Kaepernick wore a knit cap to keep their head warm for the trip . They all seemed to be in a good mood . The team got a big cheer as their buses left the camp .
At Mineta San Jose International Airport , the team boarded their chartered Delta 747 . A few dozen diehard fans waited by the fence to see them off .
`` I am the biggest 49er fan , '' said 15-year-old Alexa Marsh . `` That 's why I 'm here today . They 're going to win the Super Bowl . ''
Even workers from the Oakland Airport came to San Jose , posing for a photo and cheering as the team 's plane started to leave . And as the charter jet taxied off the airport fire department gave the team a water salute to send them off .
Find An Event Create Your Event Help Pamela Means and Erin McKeown Chevalier Theatre
Medford , MA Share this event : Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event . Not Available
Event Pamela Means and Erin McKeown We are thrilled to welcome powerhouse singer/songwriters Pamela Means and Erin McKeown to our inaugural Onboard ! concert at the Chevalier Theatre . Both women have ties to the Boston-area and are regarded as among the finest and most compelling current songwriters . Weaving seamlessly between jazz , folk , and blues , Means and McKeown write thought provoking songs about love , social justice , politics , and culture . In this co-bill , they bring their musical and vocal skills to the stage of a beautiful , historic theater in the heart of Medford . For more information about the performers visit www.pamelameans.com and www.erinmckeown.com . Location Chevalier Theatre ( View )
30 Forest Street
Medford , MA 02155
United States 30 Forest StreetMedford , MA 02155United States
Categories Arts > Theatre Music > Singer/Songwriter
Kid Friendly : No Dog Friendly : No Non-Smoking : Yes ! Wheelchair Accessible : Yes ! Contact Email :
support @ brownpapertickets.com
CLOSE The 13th Annual World Food and Music Festival is coming to Des Moines Sept. 15-17 at Western Gateway Park . Enjoy $ 1 tastes and entrees for $ 6 or less from 25 countries around the globe . Celebrate Des Moines ' cultural diversity with this highly anticipated street party . Brian Taylor Carlson/The Register
Buy Photo Thousands pack the streets as the Des Moines Arts Festival kicks off Friday , June 23 , 2017 . ( Photo : Zach Boyden-Holmes/Register file photo ) Buy Photo
An industry-leading organization in arts and cultural festivals honored the Des Moines metro this Thursday afternoon with an award labeling Iowa 's capital city one of the best in the world for festivals .
Announced at an annual conference in Tuscon , Arizona , the International Festivals and Events Association proclaimed Des Moines one of a handful of cities to earn the “ World Festival & Event City Award , ” a recognition doled out annually by the group . According to the association 's website , the award recognizes cities with “ a tremendous impact both on the community and the economy within the cities they serve . ”
But what does winning an festival industry insider award mean , exactly ? It shows the quality of events happening in the region is noticed beyond the state 's borders , said Des Moines Arts Festival executive director Stephen King .
“ ( The award ) recognizes the work that we 're doing is good . It 's good for Des Moines , ” King said . “ This is recognized from an accredited , worldwide organization that we 're doing exactly that … ( and ) we 're doing it well . ”
Events that propelled Iowa 's capital city to the international honor , said Catch Des Moines vice president of conventions , sports and services Vicki Comegys , include the Arts Festival , the Iowa State Fair , Italian American Heritage Festival of Iowa , Latino Heritage Festival and Des Moines Symphony 's annual Yankee Doodle Pops . According to a Catch Des Moines news release , “ millions of visitors ” attend these events and more annually .
More : Exile Brewing is throwing a birthday block party and you 're invited
Comegys credited the city 's “ complete package ” of festivals as a driving force for earning the honor . Eight cities received the annual award in 2016 , including Philadelphia ; Sydney , Australia ; and Krakow , Poland .
“ It 's a natural for us , ” Comegys said . “ It 's a natural that we should be recognized . ”
King and Comegys traveled to Tuscon , Arizona , to claim the award at the association 's annual conference on Thursday . The recognition comes as an estimated 80,000 people plan to flock to the World Food & Music Festival in Western Gateway Park this weekend .
“ Des Moines has built an obvious infrastructure of resources to support the industry professionals and events in their market , helping to ensure and encourage a diverse calendar of events , ” International Festivals and Events Association president Steven Wood Schmader said in a news release .
More : Here 's what 's new about the World Food & Music Festival
Looking for a list of must-catch fall festivals in Iowa ? Check out the Register 's must-see concerts and arts lists .
Read or Share this story : http : //dmreg.co/2xBxHkL
Now that Samsung 's Galaxy Note 7 is officially dead , with production stopped and customers being asked to power down the device and exchange it , a whole slew of accessories has been rendered useless . For those who may have bought a case , wireless charging dock , or some other Note 7 accessory on Amazon.com , there is hope . Users on Reddit are reporting successfully receiving refunds from the online retailer for those products , even for those purchased outside the site 's standard 30-day return window .
It 's unclear if Amazon is only handling these refunds on a case by case basis , or if it will have a more formal process to request a refund for products related to the recalled smartphone . A company spokesperson confirmed to The Verge that in most cases , its Note 7 refund policy does extend to accessories . Yet as it stands right now , you have to do so by contacting Amazon 's customer support directly and communicating the issue to a representative .
Reiterate that the issue is the phone exploding
Any Note 7 owners who now have products they can not use can initiate the process by logging into their Amazon account and heading over to the `` Contact Us '' page . From there , you can select the product in question — you may have to select , `` Choose A Different Order '' to find products outside the 30-day refund window — and enter the required prompts . At the end of the page , you should be able to start an email , phone call , or text chat with Amazon support .
More options : Share , Mark as favorite
Conservatives understand their ideological opposite numbers far better than do liberals .
To be “ close-minded ” is , according to the dictionary , to be “ intolerant of the beliefs and opinions of others ; stubbornly unreceptive to new ideas. ” To be conservative and close-minded , according to popular portrayal , is a redundancy—a package deal that liberals can and do take for granted .
But University of Virginia Professor Jonathan Haidt 's new book The Righteous Mind does n't simply suggest that conservatives may not be as close-minded as they are portrayed . It proves that the opposite is the case , that conservatives understand their ideological opposite numbers far better than do liberals .
Haidt 's research asks individuals to answer questionnaires regarding their core moral beliefs—what sorts of values they consider sacred , which they would compromise on , and how much it would take to get them to make those compromises . By themselves , these exercises are interesting . ( Try them online and see where you come out . )
Liberals do n't know what they do n't know ; they do n't understand how limited their knowledge of conservative values is .
But Haidt 's research went one step further , asking self-indentified conservatives to answer those questionnaires as if they were liberals and for liberals to do the opposite . What Haidt found is that conservatives understand liberals ' moral values better than liberals understand where conservatives are coming from . Worse yet , liberals do n't know what they do n't know ; they do n't understand how limited their knowledge of conservative values is . If anyone is close-minded here it 's not conservatives .
Haidt has a theory regarding why this is the case , based on the idea that conservatives speak a broader and more encompassing language of six moral values while liberals embrace three of the six in a narrow set of core values . I see nothing wrong with this explanation .
But let me present a complementary , more practical explanation : If you 're a conservative who lives in a major metropolitan area or who simply reads the New York Times , you get used to being outnumbered by liberals . Liberals , by contrast , get used to being surrounded by other liberals , both in person and in culture and the media . As a result , liberals speak their minds freely , often in ways that are harshly condemnatory of conservatives and their stands on issues . As a conservative , you can defend your values against friends and acquaintances who essentially just called you stupid and evil or you can keep quiet .
As a conservative , you can defend your values against friends and acquaintances who essentially just called you stupid and evil or you can keep quiet .
Most conservatives , most of the time , choose the latter . That is , they stay in the closet to avoid being accused of hating the poor , gays , or polar bears . As a result , liberals are n't gaining any commensurate information . In fact , the silence of their conservative friends helps reinforce their views . Much of the time , liberals ' views of conservative positions and values are simply a caricature that bear little resemblance to what conservatives actually think and , more importantly , why they think it .
But during that time when conservatives ' mouths are shut , their ears are open . They 're listening and understanding what liberals think—and what liberals think of them . Conservatives understand their own world—whether it 's of religious organizations , talk radio , Fox News , or whatever—along with the New York Times , network news world of liberals .
That helps explain why a conservative 's reaction to a liberal critique often is n't “ you 're wrong. ” It 's “ you do n't even know what I 'm trying to say. ” Haidt 's research seems to show that this reaction is warranted .
Andrew G. Biggs is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute .
Image by Rob Green/Bergman Group
A former Niagara County corrections officer - and current white supremacist - is being held in federal custody after blowing off their own leg while making bombs in their garage .
© AFP 2018 / ROBYN BECK Flashpoint ? New Black Panthers to Confront KKK at South Carolina Rally
Michael O'Neill , 45 , is set to be detained without bail once they are released from the hospital where they had to have their leg amputated.The police found white supremacist and Nazi paraphernalia among their supplies for making explosive devices , and believe that they are potentially dangerous to more than just himself .
O'Neill is accused of making at least seven bombs , some of which contained nails and BB pellets .
A confederate flag , KKK memorabilia , and Nazi imagery were among the items found in the home where O'Neill was living with their step-father .
“ Luckily , they are detained , ” Assistant US Attorney John Alsup told Time Warner Cable News . “ He is no longer at large in the community with or without some of the physical disabilities he 's going to have going forward , but luckily for the community , they only hurt himself . ”
Lawyers for O'Neill argued that they were only making the explosives to blow up tree trunks in their yard . Law enforcement is looking into whether these claims hold water , and have confiscated their computer and cellphone in for evidence .
In the meantime , the judge agreed with the US attorneys that O'Neill is too much of a potential risk to the public — even with their new disability — and ordered them to be held without bail .
“ The fact that there were some items that we described in court as consistent with , white supremacists , to include the Ku Klux Klan , and the Nazi imagery , some of the verbiage which was particularly on the Nazi picture , also the Confederate battle flag , means that law enforcement has more work to go , ” US Attorney William Hochul told TWC News .
A flood of self-published books washes ashore . Bestseller prices are down significantly . Bad grammar speeds through the ether at a faster pace than ever before . This should be a dreadful year for publishers . Only it 's not .
Instead , Random House handed out $ 5,000 bonus checks from windfall profits . Simon & Schuster signed a critically acclaimed author whose # 1 bestselling book was self-published . And despite Amazon reporting that more than a quarter of its bestsellers were self-published last year , revenue from traditionally published books held up .
Self-publishing is a huge and disruptive force in the publishing industry , but contrary to popular belief , it 's largely benefiting publishers .
[ NOTE : THIS COLUMN IS AN EXCERPT FROM “ Understanding Self-Publishing : 2013 ” ]
Why Did Self-Publishing Tip ?
Fifty Shades lit a fire under everybody . No matter what you think of the book , the numbers were so phenomenal that it made everyone rethink things . - Meg Kuhn , COO Kirkus Media
E.L. James single-handedly changed the industry 's view of self-publishing . Them astronomically successful books ( which have sold over 70 million copies worldwide ) came from a place no publisher would ever look : online fan fiction . After James , publishers could not afford to ignore self-publishing lest they miss the next commercial phenomenon .
James ' timing was fortuitous . Publishers were unhappy with self-publishing because readers were drowning in cheap , unedited books :
BOOKS IN PRINT® 2007 2011 2012 Total USA Self-Pub * 74,997 246,912 391,768 * ISBN Data courtesy of Bowker
EXLUSIVE Bowker data ( released in advance of official reporting ) shows that self-published output has grown by 422 % over the past five years and is up 58 % in the last year alone . As Porter Anderson noted in Writer 's Digest :
The upturn in “ indie ” book production has met the popularity of electronic reading with a thunderclap of new content in publishing that is rising quickly to flood stages ..
The question is : why has all of this chaos helped publishing instead of hurt it ?
The short answer is that robust competition has done what it nearly always does – improve market efficiency . Readers , authors and publishers all see benefits . Here are the four surprising trends from the past year :
Trend # 1 – Publishers Signed Indie Authors In Larger Numbers
IndieReader , reports that at least 18 self-published authors have signed traditional publishing contracts over the past year including Hugh Howey , Courtney Cole , Rachel van Dyken , Chelsea Fine , Renee Carlino , Monica Murphy , Abbi Glines , Kim Karr , K.A . Robinson , Molly McAdams , J. Lynn ( Jennifer L. Armentrout ) , Emily Snow , Heather Killough-Walden , M. Leighton , Jessica Sorensen , J.A . Redmerski and Alan Sepinwall .
With the exception of Howey and Sepinwall , two things stand out from this list . First , it 's all women and secondly it 's largely confined to the romance and YA paranormal genres . Publishers have taken the charge of finding the next E.L. James very literally . This boom in signings suggests that publishers will sweep up the successful indie authors in a hot genre .
Trend # 2 – Indie Authors Settled On Bestseller Lists
The New York Times bestseller list last week included three books in its top ten which were currently or originally self-published : The Mill River Recluse by Darcy Chan , 50 Shades of Grey by E.L. James and Out of Line by Jen McLaughlin . Indie authors regularly capture 20-30 % of bestseller lists and an ever-growing share of Amazon sales .
Trend # 3 – Indie Sales Did Not Cannibalize Traditional Book Sales
You might think those indie bestsellers are eating into publisher revenues , but it 's not true . Here 's the data :
BOOK SALES ( Traditional ) * 2011 2012 change Print ( in billions ) Unit Sales 1.9 1.9 0.0 Dollar Sales 20.2 19.2 ( 1.0 ) eBook Unit Sales ( millions ) 335 473 138 Dollar Sales ( billions ) 2.4 3.4 1.0 * Courtesy Book Industry Study Group
This does n't tell the whole story , of course . An increase in sales on flat revenue means one thing : lower pricing . While print book sales from traditional publishers did decline , eBook sales dramatically increased . The spike in eBook sales kept overall revenue flat and sales volume was up by nearly 200 million books .
Trend # 4 – Big 5 Publishers Discover Pricing
The average price of eBook bestsellers plummeted – down to $ 6.33 in August . Amazon sold these titles for $ 9.99 before Apple introduced the agency pricing model that raised prices and resulted in a Justice Department Lawsuit and publisher settlements .
In the meantime , indie authors reaching Amazon bestseller lists frequently priced titles at $ 0.99 to maximize sales volume . Amazon Daily Deals also launched backlist titles onto bestseller lists with significant discounts , while publishers became more aggressive in price-promoting books .
The fear was a repeat of the 1980s , when superstores discounted bestsellers to the detriment of other titles . But publishers used pricing more cleverly this time : deep discounts are reserved for series where a single book can lead to multiple purchases . Backlist prices have been adjusted downward so that new books still command a premium overall .
There 's reason to believe that lower pricing has not hurt publisher profits , either . Variable costs are low for books and authors are paid a percentage of book revenue . The real costs for the industry are either sunk ( the advance and marketing costs that are spent before the book publishes ) or fixed ( overhead costs and the advance and marketing cost for unprofitable books ) . So increased volume at lower prices is a good play for publishers .
It has n't been a smooth ride for author entrepreneurs , but these are signs of hope . Read more about it here .
MY LATEST BOOK
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER
WASHINGTON -- As part of a comprehensive package of proposals , Vice President Joseph Biden is recommending a law that could define gun trafficking as a federal crime , two sources close to the vice president 's gun policy task force process told The Huffington Post .
Two other sources close to the task force said Biden 's team reacted favorably during earlier discussions to including a gun trafficking recommendation . The White House declined to discuss the matter .
The language of the proposed law is n't known . Nor is it clear if the administration will suggest a statute itself , or let Congress fill in the blanks .
Gun control advocates said they were heartened by the prospects of a federal trafficking law , having warned for years that the absence of such a statue aids the illegal flow of firearms .
`` I 'd be thrilled , '' said Jim Kessler , senior vice president for policy of the centrist think tank Third Way and a former official at Americans for Gun Safety .
Currently , to convict someone of illegal gun distribution , law enforcement officials must prove that a person who transferred a weapon to a felon knew or had reasonable cause to believe that that person was indeed a felon . Phrased specifically , a federal law may make it illegal for sellers to transfer a firearm to someone with a record that prohibits them from owning one . It would , in effect , give a legal incentive ( in the form of criminal punishment ) for private sellers to conduct thorough background checks before making their sales . Such a policy could also create a disincentive for straw purchasers : those people with clean records who buy firearms to transfer to those prohibited from owning one .
`` Under the law , prosecutors have to prove that you knew the person was a prohibited buyer , and that is too high of a standard , '' explained Kessler . `` Our feeling is , why have any standard at all ? If you sell a gun to somebody without a background check , you should be liable if that person is criminal . ''
The proposal was mentioned by Biden during introductory remarks to one of their several meetings with gun policy stakeholders . Its primary congressional supporters are Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D-N.Y. ) and Rep. Elijah Cummings ( D-Md. ) . Most recently , it has been pushed by the Center for American Progress , an influential liberal think tank . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel spoke at a Center for American Progress event Monday about the merits of the idea and highlighted its need in cities like Chicago .
“ You 'll have people that will buy in Indiana , literally throw it in the back of the trunk … and then sell it out of the trunk . That 's a different experience that obviously suburban or other places do n't have , ” Emanuel said , tying it to the broader need for background checks at all points of gun sales . “ We have to deal with [ gun trafficking ] if we 're going to deal with what is not ‘ a loophole ' when 40 percent of the guns are [ sold without background checks ] . It is an exemption , and that exemption has to be narrowed if not closed . ”
Emanuel noted that they submitted a proposal to the Chicago City Council on Sunday to increase the city 's penalties for gun trafficking .
A federal trafficking statute would be just one portion of a larger , more comprehensive package of recommendations that the vice president is assembling for President Barack Obama in the wake of the mass shooting of elementary schoolchildren in Newtown , Conn. Biden presented their proposals on Monday . The president , according to sources close to the process , will likely announce their recommendations on Wednesday or later in the week .
Universal background checks for gun purchasers is expected to be a top priority for the administration . Other items in the mix will likely include restrictions on high-capacity gun magazines , some form of assault weapons ban , funding for school security , greater screening and treatment for the mental health of gun buyers , a call for greater coordination between state and federal law enforcement officials , and a more comprehensive database of gun purchases and violence .
Several gun control advocates have expressed concern that if the administration and allied Democrats were to push for one comprehensive package of reforms , it would be likely to be blocked by congressional Republicans . Instead , the advocates have urged the White House to consider a more piecemeal approach , in which the legislation that has broader agreement gets passed first , potentially building momentum for thornier items .
Even in the absence of congressional action , however , Obama seems poised to make a major gun policy push . In a press conference on Monday , they pledged to take executive action on some issues that may help stem gun violence .
For nearly three years , a six-member team of developers called State of Play has been toiling away in a London studio making a new video game . While there are probably thousands of such teams around the world coding away into the night , the members of this team are a bit different . Among them are an architect , a photographer , and a model maker , all needed to help physically construct the game 's environment . Titled Lumino City , the entire video game was first handmade entirely out of paper , card , miniature lights and motors .
While many games appropriate paper textures or have some kind of paper aesthetic , State of Play took things one step further and built the sets for each puzzle , photographed or filmed them , and then set everything in motion with code . The result is a breathtakingly beautiful puzzle game starring an intrepid girl who tries to solve the mystery of their missing grandfather . After an hour or so of extensive research I can confirm the game is amazing . Lumino City is available for the Mac and PC , and is coming very soon to iOS . You can read a bit more over on The Verge .
Fred & Friends , of Cumberland , R.I. , is recalling about 200,000 Fred & Friends Chill Baby Artiste , Volume and Panic pacifiers in the U.S. and Canada .
The beard on the Artiste and the knob on the Volume pacifiers can detach , posing a choking hazard to young children . In addition , the ventilation holes on the Volume and Panic pacifier guards are too small .
The company has received one report of the knob on the Volume pacifier detaching . No injuries have been reported .
This recall involves three styles of Fred & Friends Chill Baby pacifiers , including the Artiste with a black plastic beard and mustache , Volume with a black volume control knob and Panic with a red panic button . The pacifier 's name and UPC are printed on the packaging . The Artiste 's UPC is 728987021282 , the Volume style 's UPC is 728987020599 and the Panic style 's UPC is 728987020605 . The pacifiers are plastic and silicone rubber and measure about 2 inches wide and 1½ inches tall .
The pacifiers , manufactured in China , were sold at department stores , gift , drug , toy , baby product , grocery and home decorating stores , and hospital , museum gift shops nationwide and various websites from April 2013 , through December 2013 , for about $ 10 .
Consumers should immediately take the recalled pacifiers away from young children and return them to Fred & Friends for a $ 12 refund . Fred & Friends is providing a postage paid envelope for consumers to return the recalled pacifiers .
Consumers may contact Fred & Friends toll-free at ( 855 ) 346-6372 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m . ET Monday through Friday , or by email at pacifiersconsumer @ fredandfriends.com .
I am working on my line-of-site flying and found it was often difficult to identify which end was which and which way my quad was flying - the whole thing is black and similar all around !
I also was finding that landings were scuffing up the ends of the screws that hold the legs on this particular quad .
I printed this skid plate out of bright PLA on my printrbot . I had to do some minor tooling to get it to fit perfectly with the screw patterns , but nothing a drill or dremmel and a couple minutes fiddling would n't fix .
I will probably print a black one for the front next : )
edit - added another version . slightly thicker and taller skids and a little more clearance for the inside bolt ( my socket wrench barely fit )
The president of the watchdog group Judicial Watch says that information that a former State Department official provided about Hillary Clinton and their private email system in a lawsuit deposition conducted on Wednesday will be embarrassing for the former secretary of state .
Tom Fitton , whose group is suing the State Department , says they are restricted in what they can legally say about an interview conducted with Lewis Lukens , who served as deputy assistant secretary of state and the executive directory of the secretariat during Clinton 's tenure . But the Judicial Watch president did tell The Daily Caller that Clinton will not be pleased with the information they provided .
“ The testimony was not helpful for Clinton or the State Department , ” Fitton told TheDC in a phone interview .
Lukens is of interest to Fitton and Judicial Watch because of emails that they sent just days into Clinton 's term in which they proposed the idea of setting up a stand-alone computer so that they could email from the agency 's executive offices .
In a Jan. 23 , 2009 email to Huma Abedin , Clinton 's deputy chief of staff , Lukens said that they were checking into obtaining a BlackBerry for Clinton issued by the National Security Agency .
In the meantime , in order to allow Clinton to check their email during the workday , Lukens said they would “ set up the office across the hall as requested . ”
“ Also , I think we should go ahead ( but will await your green light ) and set up a stand-alone PC in the Secretary 's office , connect to the internet ( but not through our system ) to enable them to check their emails from their desk , ” they wrote in the email .
Lukens is the first of several State Department officials and Clinton aides to be deposed as part of Judicial Watch 's lawsuit . Federal judge Emmet Sullivan approved the interviews as part of the watchdog 's lawsuit seeking records pertaining to Huma Abedin 's employment records . Abedin worked for the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton-connected consulting firm Teneo Strategies at the same time they worked for the State Department .
In order to obtain information pertinent to its lawsuit , Judicial Watch will be also be interviewing Clinton aides Cheryl Mills and Bryan Pagliano , the former State Department information technology specialist who set up and maintained Clinton 's private email server . The group will also interview State Department officials Stephen Mull and Patrick Kennedy , the State Department 's all-powerful under secretary for management .
Mull is the official who sent an email to Kennedy , Mills and Abedin in Aug. 2011 discussing Clinton 's private server . They will be interviewed by Judicial Watch next month . Mills is slated to meet with the group next week . And Kennedy will be the last official deposed . They meet with Judicial Watch on June 29 .
Fitton tells TheDC that they will sit in on any of the interviews that their schedule allows . They also said that the officials were scheduled based mostly on their availability rather than for any strategic reason .
Sullivan , a Bill Clinton appointee , agreed to the State Department 's request that information provided during the depositions not be shared with the news media or released in any other fashion . The State Department was also granted a three day window to review transcripts of the depositions for any classified information .
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Legendary Test gloveman Ian Healy has pleaded with national selectors to not repeat a mistake of the past by handing part-time wicketkeeper Cameron Bancroft the gloves for the first Magellan Ashes Test .
Selectors met on Wednesday to pick Australia 's squad for the Gabba Test and Bancroft , fresh from an unbeaten 228 against South Australia this week , is sure to be discussed having made an irresistible case for a debut in recent weeks .
Full highlights of Bancroft 's epic double century
As an opening batsman who has also kept in their past two games for Western Australia , Bancroft could conceivably play as an opener , a No.6 or a keeper-batsman at No.7 .
But having taken the gloves in just three first-class games in their career , Healy said Bancroft `` does n't deserve to be the Australian wicketkeeper '' and should play as a specialist batsman instead .
`` I 'd be very disappointed if Bancroft was the keeper , '' Healy told Wide World of Sports . `` I think they should be given the number six batting spot .
QUICK SINGLE Bancroft 's bumpy road to potential debut
`` Someone who 's kept in three games out of 66 first-class matches does n't deserve to be the Australian wicketkeeper . ''
Healy pointed to the Wayne Phillips experiment Australia tried in the mid-1980s as a warning that putting a part-time gloveman behind the stumps can have a disastrous effect on the whole team .
`` He 's in the form of their life ! '' Bancroft 's special moment
`` ( Making Phillips the keeper ) wrecked the team in the 1980s , '' Healy said , adding the South Australian , who was given the gloves for 18 of their 27 Tests , was a `` a reluctant keeper '' .
`` The bowlers were n't getting the support from the keeper , they had no confidence that the keeper could do the job because Phillips had their hands full trying to do a job they are n't that familiar with .
Wayne Phillips took the gloves for 18 Tests in the 1980s // Getty
`` Please , let 's learn from the mistakes we made with Phillips and respect the wicketkeeping fraternity . ''
Australia 's current fielding coach and former Test keeper Brad Haddin said Bancroft 's name could be mentioned as a keeping option , but added the Aussies should opt for the best-equipped gloveman to take on England .
`` ( Bancroft ) has put their name up and got runs under pressure where they needed to , ” Haddin told Melbourne 's SEN radio .
`` I think their name could come up as maybe a No.6 batter and a keeper also . It will be interesting to see which way they go .
`` I 'm a traditionalist with this – I think first and foremost we should pick the best wicketkeeper and especially with the cartel of fast bowlers we 've got at the moment and a world-class spinner in Nathan Lyon , we need the wicketkeeper to be taking all the chances . ''
QUICK SINGLE Rogers forecasts selection shake-up
The spotlight is on incumbent keeper Matthew Wade following a lean run with the bat in the opening rounds of the JLT Sheffield Shield , with New South Welshman Peter Nevill favoured to replace them should selectors opt for change .
2017-18 International Fixtures :
Magellan Ashes Series
First Test Gabba , November 23-27 . Buy tickets
Second Test Adelaide Oval , December 2-6 ( Day-Night ) . Buy tickets
Third Test WACA Ground , December 14-18 . Buy tickets
Fourth Test MCG , December 26-30 . Buy tickets
Fifth Test SCG , January 4-8 ( Pink Test ) . Buy tickets
Gillette ODI Series v England
First ODI MCG , January 14 . Buy tickets
Second ODI Gabba , January 19 . Buy tickets
Third ODI SCG , January 21 . Buy tickets
Fourth ODI Adelaide Oval , January 26 . Buy tickets
Fifth ODI Perth TBC , January 28 . Join the ACF
Prime Minister 's XI
PM 's XI v England Manuka Oval , February 2 . Buy tickets
Gillette T20 INTL Series
First T20I Australia v NZ , SCG , February 3 . Buy tickets
Second T20I – Australia v England , Blundstone Arena , February 7 . Buy tickets
Third T20I – Australia v England , MCG , February 10 . Buy tickets
Fourth T20I – NZ v England , Wellington , February 13
Fifth T20I – NZ v Australia , Eden Park , February 16
Sixth T20I – NZ v England , Seddon Park , February 18
Final – TBC , Eden Park , February 21
‘ The men I work with would be appalled if I accused them of misogyny or sexism – they love their wives and girlfriends dearly '
A piece of me dies each morning when I throw on my muddy clothes and stumble out into the cold for another day of backbreaking work . I am mortified to have become trapped in a job that was supposed to be no more than a stopgap when my career as an academic stalled . However , there is no time to indulge these regrets on a building site ; it 's a harsh environment in which you have to knuckle down and crack on .
The macho chat disturbs me . Any woman who walks in front of the van is assessed as to whether they would “ get it ” or not . The men I work with would be appalled if I accused them of misogyny or sexism – they love their wives and girlfriends dearly – but they refuse to acknowledge that their “ harmless banter ” normalises the sexual objectification of women .
My boss constantly blames their own incompetence on their suppliers , and plucks numbers out of thin air when producing estimates . This blatant lying should be illegal , but they shrug off the accusation , saying it 's just good business . I feel sorry for clients who pay extortionate prices for our very mediocre services .
When I 'm working in people 's homes , I worry that I 'm perceived as a hapless brute who needs to be placated with regular cups of sugary tea . However , the lack of an obvious outlet for my personality makes me withdraw further and further into myself . I get torrents of verbal abuse from my boss as soon as they lose their temper , and I often find myself welling up with anger and frustration . In these moments , I retreat to the back of the van and pretend to be hunting for tools while hot tears stream down my face .
• Tell us what you 're really thinking at mind @ theguardian.com
A documentation crash course for developers
Chris Chinchilla Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 10 , 2016
This article is based on a talk I gave at the recent LinuxCon in Berlin .
Note : I will use the term ‘ project ' to mean application , service , product , project and other activities you want to document .
Why write docs ?
What 's one of the first things you look at with a new project ?
When you 've spent a lot of time working on the latest great project , library , service or platform you generally would like people to use it .
Whether people find out about you from a presentation , the media , internet search or word of mouth , what 's the first aspect of your project that people usually encounter ?
Yup , documentation .
Good documentation does n't only help developers looking to use your product , but it also acts as a form of marketing . Firstly because developers will judge what you have verses other alternatives , but also because even technical documentation is n't read just by developers . People who make business decisions ( and pay the bills ) will also look over it at some point , so making sure that what they see is also of good quality and understandable is important .
Sadly , I 'm sure we have all experienced excitement at finding a new project or library , to dive into the docs to find them unreadable , out of date , inaccurate , or worse , absent .
I know you 're all busy and documentation is often something that you would rather forget about so I am going to present a brief crash course to make your life easier , as well as the lives of those trying to use your work .
WWW
Let 's start with the 3 Ws , Who , What and Why ? This sounds like a cliché , but you have often already addressed them in product and user story planning and there 's no reason they ca n't also apply to documentation .
Who are you writing for ?
What are they trying to achieve ?
Why are you writing this ?
These questions are broad , and depend on what document you are writing . If you are writing a blog post , the reader probably has a partial idea about your project . If you are writing API guides , then maybe the reader knows more about your project and is trying to accomplish something in particular .
We often assume that everything we make is ‘ standard ' , ‘ normal ' and understandable by everyone . You would be surprised how different everything actually is , how unique ‘ your way ' is , and how assuming things is never a good idea .
For example , is that protocol , technique or dependency you assume everyone must have installed used as much as you think ? Why not mention it anyway , it 's not going to hurt .
Has everyone had the same programming and implementation experience as you ? Likely not , so again , make no assumptions that your knowledge is the same as everyone else .
Make a start by explaining in simple terms what your project does . If you ca n't find a way of reducing the concepts behind what you do to a form of ‘ elevator pitch ' then try harder , refine your idea ( s ) , or find someone who can . I believe that any concept , no matter how complex can be reduced to a short summary that anyone can understand . Of course it will miss all the fine details and the depth of your work , but this is just a summary that will help people understand if your creation is something useful to them or not .
API Docs are not enough
Here comes the big shock , API docs are often not enough . Whilst they describe what your product does , they do n't always describe what someone is trying to acheive and assemble . This is dependent on the programming language , for example Java developers often jump straight into analyzing API guides and JavaScript developers tend to follow tutorials more . They are good to have , and are certainly better than nothing , but unless your API is simple , you will need more in the future .
It 's not a manual
There are cultures and people who are more likely to read instructions from start to finish before starting with something , but often these days people look at how to get started , then experiment , then return to find specific topics they are looking for .
Also , many people will arrive at pages in your documentation from searches , so do n't assume that your carefully constructed on-boarding process will be read how you want it to be read . Unless of course this is an absolute necessity ( e.g . hardware projects ) in which case finds a good way of ‘ encouraging ' readers to follow the right path .
This means that every page in your documentation needs to make sense out of flow and context . Offer a way for people to access concepts they need to know no matter where they are . This can be an always visible structured menu , or links in a document , it does n't have to be anything complex .
Interactivity
This is n't possible with all projects , but if you can add any level of interactivity to your documentation this helps readers understand a concept . This can be in the form of embedded examples like JSFiddle , Interactive consoles , API browsers , or even a video or animated gif .
Embedded code example
Interactive console example
API Browser example
Language
Some people are better writers than others , and some are better coders than others . Explaining concepts clearly is a skill , but here are tips that have worked for me . Bear in mind that I am skilled in writing in English , I do spend a lot of time improving non-native English , but my own writing skills are firmly planted in English . I hope some of these tips will translate .
Involve the Reader
Developers are a skeptical and sometime blase bunch , who like to think we always know better . Whilst writing with a more user-focused approach can wander into demeaning territory , when done well , it 's effective .
Let 's look at an example :
function takes parameter x and returns value y
This describes what a function does in a clear , practical manner . But what about :
You can use function to return the value of y based on x
It 's a small change , but that switch the reader instead of function is a quick and easy method to make the reader feel more involved in the explanation . We 're not writing fiction in technical documentation , but there 's no harm in telling a story .
There 's more to do to improve this , such as adding an example of what a user is trying to achieve . This gets more complex as choosing appropriate and consistent examples is a challenge in itself , but if you want to take that extra step , give it a try .
Passive vs Active
This is more of a grammar style than a concrete rule to follow , but for me it ties into the last point , and is a technical explanation of it , so is worth including .
Take the example above again , reworded :
function can be used to return the number of y based on x .
This says essentially the same as before , but is an example of ‘ passive voice ' . There 's nothing essentially wrong with this as I said , but ( especially in English ) it can come across as cold or withdrawn . Not so much in technical communication , but consider this more ‘ human ' sentence :
Holiday approval will be notified in due course
Used in this context you can see how passive voice can feel . You may be familiar with the term ‘ passive aggressive ' , it feels like the writer is taking responsibility away from anyone in particular , probably intentionally .
Try rewriting that sentence in ‘ active voice ' like the example above and see how the same sentence feels . I started switching my writing to active voice about 6 months ago , I was n't convinced at first , but it starts to make your writing feel more fluid and involving once you get used to it .
Short is best
If I Had More Time , I Would Have Written a Shorter Letter
Pascal , Locke , Franklin , Thoreau , Cicero , Wilson ?
I wont say “ keep it simple ” because we are writing technical documentation , it 's not always simple . But complex does n't have to mean verbose , rambling or unnecessary . I know this is hard , it 's actually easier to write long copy than short , concise copy . This feeds back to one of my earlier points , if you ca n't explain a concept succinctly , then maybe you do n't understand your own concepts enough .
You can reduce overall copy size by reducing your copy to what you need to say and not repeating yourself . You can also reduce copy at a smaller level by employing shorter phrases and words . I have a list of these , but you quickly get to know them and English is good for shorter equivalents for words and phrases . As a side note I have noticed that linguist groups of non-native speakers use the same un-optimised phrases in their English , but that 's another story .
Structure
I mentioned earlier that readers could enter your documentation at any place , this gets even worse . Reports and eye-tracking experiments have shown that lots of online readers ( especially of technical content ) look at the titles and subtitles , scroll to find code blocks , and move to the navigation to find another item of content . This makes sobering reading , did n't I tell you a whole bunch of ways to improve your writing ? And now I 'm telling you that no one 's reading it anyway ?
Well , in some ways yes . But in other ways I 'm saying that use this knowledge to structure your documents better . Make sure there are frequent ( and identifiable ) headings , sub headings , code blocks and images to attract the attention of a reader . This gives your well written copy a better chance of being seen , and read .
Here 's a great example of good eye-catching structure
Consistency
I am a big believer in consistency in documentation . What you define as the rules of consistency will be up to you and your ( or your organisations ) style guide . But stick to it . Inconsistent writing across a body of documentation can be confusing and distracting for a reader . This does n't mean that you ( and your team ) have to write like machines with no character , it 's possible to balance consistency with character .
Tools
Technical writers are a lot like coders in that we love discussing , assessing and arguing about tooling . I wont cover it in the post 😁 , I 'll save it for another time .
Why make the effort ?
If you 're reading this post then I assume you have at least half an understanding of the value of documentation , but I 'd like to close with a quote that I 'm going to claim if no-one can prove someone else said it .
“ Documentation is n't just for developers ”
Any questions or comments ? Please let me know below .
Like what you 've seen ?
If you appreciate what I do , then I 'd love to hear from you , or you can support my work .
Stop me if you 've heard this one before , but how could the American people have given their highest public office to a man who is so clearly an idiot ? Not just any ordinary lunkhead , but someone who brutishly , bullishly , maddeningly inhabits their own stupidity , who practically grabs the world by its lapels and shouts : I 'm a big dumb moron , and I do n't care ; you have to listen to me anyway ! They talk in the broad and flattened tones of the easy answer—just listen to them and everything will be alright , it 'll be a new day , the rot will be stopped and the country will be great again – and they smile . He 's always smiling , but that boneheaded optimism is surrounded by so much hate . The Ku Klux Klan love him , there might be a war with Iran , there could be mass arrests—who can say what will happen when someone so dumb and so dangerous gets political power ? The guy has no understanding and no expertise ; he 's never previously held any national office ; he 's not even a politician , he 's a demagogue , a conman , an entertainer , a fucking clown : some grinning TV character bursting out into reality to cheapen every institution they touch , who makes everything as flat and as pointless as the world of images they crawled out from .
It 's as if they ca n't tell the difference between real life and the image on the screen ; it 's as if that difference has already disappeared . Politics is entertainment now , forgetting everything that precedes it , annihilating everything it faces , torn out from context and ideology to float freely in the single eternal instant of mindless amusement . They represent an unprecedented crisis , a threat to the system like nothing before . How can the liberal constitutions of the Enlightenment survive once they 're subsumed by the forces of mass media ? How can democracy survive a man like Ronald Wilson Reagan ?
Okay , that was a cheap , gimmicky trick , but democratic politics has been full of cheap , gimmicky tricks for a long time . A voguish one this election cycle has been to bemoan a Republican party that once produced great figures like Ronald Reagan , and now sells creepy knockoffs like Donald Trump . Trump 's “ policy and demeanor are starkly different from the great communicator 's , ” The Huffington Post gurgled this summer , while New York Times op-ed contributor Gil Troy waxed positively elegiac about Reagan 's genius : “ Ronald Reagan left America richer and safer after two terms as president . Reagan defied expectations by turning to the center ” and “ used the transition period to heal wounds while claiming a broad policy mandate . ”
Trump is a zombified Reagan , a parodic echo of the man who was too dumb to know fully what they were doing but who still managed to fuck the Democrats until they loved him .
Against this grotesquely oversimplified revisionist history , the dilemma now yawning before the American public is also being grotesquely oversimplified . How could the party of Reagan become the party of Trump ? How could it go from giving the nuclear codes to a man too senile and stupid to understand how politics worked , to giving them to a man who simply does n't care ? The idea is to embarrass the president-elect by this comparison , but the only people it really embarrasses are the ones making it . The more they laud Reagan , the more they surrender to Trump , and the more certain we can be that these distraught liberals will sell out everyone else at their first opportunity .
Trump is a zombified Reagan , a parodic echo of the man who was too dumb to know fully what they were doing but who still managed to fuck the Democrats until they loved him , who marshalled all the powers of simulation and spite to beat them into such pathetic submission that they 're still lionizing them to this day . Just wait another thirty years and they 'll be saying the same thing about whatever monstrosity the Republicans put up then : how could the GOP sink from the glory days of President Trump to this ?
Reagan was the first postmodern president ; it was under their administration that all depth metaphors finally collapsed , and image and reality first became politically indistinguishable . In other words , they were a moron , brainless and bellicose , something barely sentient . They were fond of telling people—Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir , for instance , or Simon Weisenthal—that they had personally been among the first group of U.S. soldiers to enter Buchenwald . They had not : they spent the war in Culver City , processing footage from the camps as part of the USAAF 's First motion Picture Unit . It did n't matter ; even the Holocaust could n't resist being blanketed in mediation . Giving testimony during the Iran-Contra scandal , Reagan read out the stage directions instructing them to lie , picking up their flash cards and announcing that “ if the question comes up at the Tower Board meeting , you might want to say that you were surprised . ”
When they first entered the White House , Reagan 's advisers presented them with lengthy policy documents . They simply could n't understand them , so they started getting them to make decisions ( including the decision to procure new intercontinental ballistic missiles ) by showing them four-panel cartoons . And it all made perfect sense . In a society where the President is experienced most often as a character on TV , why should n't they be played by a TV personality ? There are differences : Reagan was an actor , whose job was to read their lines , while Trump comes out of reality programs—he expects to improvise , and trusts that the editors will snip and splice everything together so that they come out in the best possible light . The format changes , but the show 's the same .
This is not to say that everything will be fine . That 's another line that liberals are now taking to console themselves : yes , we raised a lot of panic during the election , but there was a similar panic back in 1980 , and it was n't the end of the world . Maybe Trump will surprise us , maybe he 'll be like Reagan , maybe it 'll be okay . Except that for many people it was n't okay , and the world really did end .
Liberals deified Reagan , because in the end they find power irresistible .
Reagan was a bumbling idiot , but they were also a monster , a slimeball fascist whose mercenaries and paid fanatics gunned down thousands across the globe , who fought wars of aggression for PR purposes , whose crackdown on drugs amounted to the all-but-genocidal repression of their own population , who empowered Salafists and death squads , whose economic policies replaced the supposed drudgery of unionization and job security with constant anxious panic for the many and a vampire 's glut for the few , who left communities to be hollowed by disease , whose administration was packed with sleazes and scumbags and scandal . Reagan tore deep gashes in the surface of the world , they killed without conscience , and they did it all with the effortless lubricated grin of a shitty Hollywood actor who knows that it 's all a charade .
History does n't remember Ronald Reagan that way , but history is always a useful place to hide the bodies . Reagan , who should have died in a cold cell , never faced justice ; instead they were granted an apotheosis . They were the Great Communicator , the compassionate conservative , the cheery national uncle who brought the country out of its doldrums with nothing more than a camera-perfect wink and their faith in the goodness of the American people . Liberals deified him , because in the end they find power irresistible . Just watch the steady rehabilitation of George W. Bush , now a hero of tolerance with Michelle Obama 's arms draped around their shoulders . And the same is already happening for Trump .
As thousands still march in the streets , establishment liberals are pleading for us to give them a chance . Robert De Niro no longer wants to punch them in the face—the grand fetish of the Presidency has transformed them into something respectable . It 's a good role—he 's been legitimized in the same way that hamming up a Shakespeare adaptation legitimizes any other shoddy TV figure . Hillary Clinton , a grasper to the very end , wants to work with their new administration . This is why so many liberals were so aghast at the idea of President Trump . They were n't scared of what they might do to the anonymous masses ; they were repulsed by the vision of themselves sucking up to the bloated orange cretin , because they knew that this is exactly what they 'd end up doing .
Many of us with sympathies—and therefore blinders—on the side of the Free Gaza Movement 's work have been reluctant to accept the possibility that , indeed , people aboard the Mavi Marmara and other vessels attempting to break Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip earlier this week were anything but nonviolent as Israeli soldiers descended from helicopters above . The facts of the incident remain very much in question , to be sure , and they will continue to be until a truly international , plausibly objective investigation takes place . While it can not be taken yet as conclusive , there is some evidence provided by the Israelis that their soldiers met violent resistance before , during , or after their shooting spree that finally killed at least nine activists . This video of the events aboard the Mavi Marmara has been widely circulated :
Meanwhile , reports have begun to emerge from among the blockade-runners , including an Arab-Israeli Knesset member , a German activist , and a Turkish mother who brought their 1-year-old baby aboard . They insist that the Israelis fired on the Mavi Marmara before boarding , that those on board had no weapons short of wooden batons , and that the Israelis seemed intent on sending a bloody message .
But supposing the activists did try to defend themselves violently—how does that affect the ways we think about this incident in terms of nonviolence ? As in any situation so tragic , and amidst a wider conflict so volatile , we 're faced with an array of perplexing questions . Encountering such questions is natural and , as much as one can muster , to be welcomed . For it is through them that we begin to grope after a way forward , a better way , one that has learned from the past and hopes for the future .
It is disappointing to think that a brutal assault on the Gaza blockade-breakers was necessary to gain the world 's attention when they have been risking their lives , peacefully , to bring aid to Gazans since August of 2008 . Worse , what if the thing that finally put Free Gaza on the front pages was some activists ' attempt to meet the Israeli soldiers ' violence with violence of their own ? Before , the Free Gaza Movement 's resolutely nonviolent approach earned them mainly obscurity , but an act of self-defense—resulting in much more violence in reply—may have changed the equation . Suddenly , world leaders are paying notice , and institutions from the United Nations Security Council to The New York Times are issuing statements of support . Egypt is even lifting its side of the Gaza blockade . Has violence , in this case , worked ?
In its way , yes , violence works ; it destroys people and things , and it certainly draws attention . The crucial challenge of nonviolent resistance , however , is to develop creative tactics that will point eyes and minds not to the bloodshed but to the conditions of injustice . ( That 's what Waging Nonviolence is for : to highlight struggles for justice against a mainstream media that would prefer to present a version of the news in which little happens or matters except when violence is involved . )
In the days to come , though , the judgment of the world will depend very much upon the extent to which the activists really did fight back and , in doing , partly justified the soldiers ' onslaught . ( Nothing , however , can truly justify the use of such disproportionate force . ) To the extent that the activists and their mission were nonviolent , they will earn the moral high ground . Their nonviolence thereby invites Israel to respond not with the violence it is so effective in dispensing , but to join in a common cause of bringing about justice . The fundamentally nonviolent purpose of the Freedom Flotilla—to deliver humanitarian aid to Gaza and to break what much of the international community considers an illegal blockade—is already what has aroused the world 's sympathy and put Israel in a very uncomfortable situation , perhaps even more so than during the full-scale invasions of Lebanon and Gaza in the recent years . The fact that many aboard the flotilla were noted peacemakers and people committed to and trained in nonviolence makes their statement all the more powerful . The more insistent the activists are on eschewing violence and putting themselves in harm 's way to do right , the more any injustice at play in the situation will come to light for all to see—and the less any military power can justify aggressive action . Such power becomes undermined without a shot fired .
What is probably most at stake in the questions of violence and nonviolence surrounding this incident is the future character of the pro-Palestinian movement—among the international community of course , but foremost in the Palestinian territories themselves . A BBC report last month suggests that , despite growing interest in nonviolent methods among Palestinians , there is still a lack of willingness to make a comprehensive commitment . ( In the days following the attack on the flotilla , there have already been skirmishes with Israeli troops resulting in Palestinian deaths . ) Many leaders remain hopeful that acts of violence will help them make progress in securing independence and the kind of society they long for . These voices appear rather representative , speaking after attending a talk in Ramallah by Rajmohan Gandhi , the Mahatma 's grandson :
“ I came to promote non-violent resistance , ” said Mahmoud Ramahi , secretary general of the Palestinian Legislative Council , and a member of the Islamist movement Hamas . “ We support all types of resistance—non-violent , economic , political and armed resistance , ” they said—apparently missing the point of strictly peaceful campaigns . Hind Awad , 22 , a campaigner for an international boycott of Israel , said non-violent methods had historically been a “ major tool ” of the Palestinians . “ I also think that under international law , armed struggle is just , for people that are living under occupation , ” they added .
Yet the Palestine-Israel situation is a case in point of the endlessly cyclical and self-perpetuating nature of violence . From the 1940s onward , the more Palestinians and their Arab neighbors have tried to fight , the more Western-backed Israeli forces have been able to justify sweeping and decisive retaliation , as well as outright preemption . The international community can help break the cycle by exemplifying a kind of resistance that is at once effective and nonviolent . The BBC report tells of Najmadeen al-Husseini , a 62 year-old man who lives under occupation in the West Bank :
In their view , two decades of negotiations have yielded little , yet “ military resistance will get us nowhere… what are Kalashnikovs against tanks ? ” “ If the world supports us , peaceful resistance will get us something back , ” they say .
Providing that support will require nonviolent discipline and self-sacrifice , of a kind that demolishes any moral standing held by those who would support injustice with force . If that discipline broke on Monday , all the more reason to restore it for the future . Also needed , meanwhile , are the kinds of creative , courageous , and nonviolent tactics such as the Free Gaza Movement has been using since 2008 , as well as ones that can make even more undeniable and unignorable the fact that more fighting is not the answer , justice is .
—
This story was made possible by our members . Become one today .
By
21st Century Wire says…
This ruthless drug cartel change laws in their favour , can overthrow governments at will , pays little or no tax , own the US mainstream media , and routinely pay for the election campaigns of nearly every US politician in high office .
No , they are not from Colombia , Mexico or Afghanistan .
They are the Pharmaceutical Industrial Complex cartel of international corporations , based in the US , UK and Germany and Switzerland .
They work with legions of bought-and-paid-for doctors and medical care providers – harvesting the souls of millions each day through pushing anti-depressant drugs on children and adults , and are killing people every day with products hardly tests and fast-tracked through a matador regulatory process…
Drugging America into a stupor
Brasscheck TV
One hundred million people are on psychiatric drugs .
40 years ago , the use of psychiatric drugs was extremely rare and there was a real debate as to whether it was ethical to use them even on severely disturbed psychiatric patients .
Now , idiot school teachers and school administrators intimidate parents into putting their kids on these drugs . These drugs breed dependence , they are very difficult to get off of once on , and they are dangerous .
The pay day : One third of trillion dollars – every year…
READ MORE BIG PHARMA NEWS AT :
Opinion Release : The Clerk 's Office typically releases opinions at 11 a.m. each Thursday . Court staff posts them to this website as soon as possible thereafter . There will be times when opinions may be released outside of this schedule , such as in emergencies . Scheduled and unscheduled opinion releases are announced via Twitter @ flcourts .
Note : Unless opinions say otherwise , they are not final until any timely filed motions for rehearing are considered and disposed of by the Court . These opinions are also subject to formal revision before publication in the Southern Reporter , 3rd Series .
Court Disposition Orders
Archive of Supreme Court Opinions
This site is not part of the Court 's official web site and is maintained independently by FSU . It contains opinions issued in Florida Supreme Court cases decided since 1990 and the briefs filed in those cases . There also are opinions and briefs in selected cases before 1990 .
In trying to fight racism—a laudable goal—Apple CEO Tim Cook has made a huge mistake by choosing to donate $ 1 million to the Southern Poverty Law Center , an organization that smears some conservative groups as “ hate groups . ”
“ What occurred in Charlottesville has no place in our country . Hate is a cancer , and left unchecked it destroys everything in its path , ” Cook wrote in an email to Apple employees Wednesday announcing the donation , according to BuzzFeed .
Cook continued :
Apple will be making contributions of $ 1 million each to the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League . We will also match two-for-one our employees ' donations to these and several other human rights groups , between now and September 30 . In the coming days , iTunes will offer users an easy way to join us in directly supporting the work of the SPLC .
But the Southern Poverty Law Center does n't just blast neo-Nazis and white supremacist groups as “ hate groups . ”
It also smears groups like Family Research Council and Alliance Defending Freedom , two socially conservative organizations that have bravely advocated traditional marriage , as “ hate groups . ”
There is no equivalence between the actions and views of a KKK supporter and a traditional marriage supporter .
Yet that equivalence is exactly what the Southern Poverty Law Center 's “ hate groups ” list promotes , by listing groups like the American Nazi Party and Aryan Nations on the same list as Alliance Defending Freedom , a law firm that just won a case in front of the Supreme Court this year , and Family Research Council , a respected social conservative group .
And it 's not just social conservatives at risk : It 's anyone who disagrees with the left 's thinking who can be tarred as a hater .
In a July City Journal article , Mark Pulliam wrote :
The SPLC … also labels moderates with whom it disagrees ‘ extremists ' if they deviate from its rigid political agenda , which embraces open borders , LGBT rights , and other left-wing totems . The SPLC has branded Somali-born reformer Ayaan Hirsi Ali an ‘ anti-Muslimn extremist ' for their opposition to female genital mutilation and other oppressive Islamic practices , and designated the respected Family Research Council as a ‘ hate group ' for its opposition to same-sex marriage .
The Southern Poverty Law Center 's labels have already led to violence .
James T. Hodgkinson , the alleged shooter of Rep. Steve Scalise , R-La. , and others at the baseball field just this June , was a fan of the Southern Poverty Law Center on Facebook , according to Washington Examiner .
Had it not been for the courageous actions of the Capitol Police , there would have been a massacre that day of the lawmakers playing baseball .
Furthermore , in 2012 , Floyd Corkins , who was armed , went to the Family Research Council . “ Corkins—who had chosen the research council as their target after finding it listed as an anti-gay group on the website of the Southern Poverty Law Center—had planned to stride into the building and open fire on the people inside in an effort to kill as many as possible , they told investigators , according to the court documents , ” reported CNN in 2013 .
They were only stopped because of the efforts of a security guard .
So when Apple donates to the Southern Poverty Law Center , it 's donating to a group whose smears of conservatives have already contributed to real violence against good people .
Again : It 's laudable and understandable for Apple to respond to the events of Charlottesville by wanting to take action against racists . It was horrifying to see the footage of men in the streets of the United States shout “ Jews will not replace us . ”
It 's unbelievable that 32-year-old Heather Heyer was killed and 19 others injured because a car was plowed into a group of counterprotesters . The driver of the car , James Alex Fields Jr. , has been charged with second-degree murder .
According to Derek Weimer , who told the Associated Press they were a high school history teacher of Fields , “ Once you talked to James for a while , you would start to see that sympathy towards Nazism , that idolization of Hitler , that belief in white supremacy. ” ( Weimer also claimed Fields had told them they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia . )
As Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Saturday in a statement , “ The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice . When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred , they betray our core values and can not be tolerated . ”
We should push back against the hateful actions in Charlottesville—the actions of the Nazi and KKK sympathizers , the white supremacists , and yes , the actions of Antifa as well—and it 's commendable that Apple 's Cook wants to do so .
But unfortunately , in choosing the Southern Poverty Law Center , Cook is promoting an alternate hate-filled agenda targeting social conservatives and others .
SAN FRANCISCO—Interim reddit CEO Ellen Pao , a former junior partner at Silicon Valley venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins , finally took the stand today in the high-profile gender discrimination case that they brought against the firm three years ago . Pao maintained a firm tone throughout the day , even looking at the jury occasionally while answering questions from their lawyer about their early days at Kleiner .
It 's the first opportunity that Pao has taken to elaborate on the gender discrimination claims they made in 2012 . And the questioning started by going all the way back to the day Pao was hired at Kleiner Perkins .
Pao , a Mandarin-speaking , Princeton-educated engineer with law and business degrees from Harvard , applied to Kleiner Perkins in 2005 . At the time , the firm was looking to expand its investments in China . They seemed like a perfect fit , their lawyer Therese Lawless said . In addition to Pao 's language skills , they had years of experience working with '90s startups like WebTV , Tell Me Networks , and Danger Research ( whose team went on to join the team that created Android ) . They also spent time with bigger companies like Microsoft and BEA Systems .
After interviewing with Kleiner Perkins , Pao was offered a job as John Doerr 's chief of staff by Juliet de Baubigny , a Kleiner Perkins partner who was in charge of recruiting . However , “ the outcome of the role would be to move into an operating role , ” Pao said . An operating role usually does not involve investing , but it denotes C-suite positions such as CEO , CTO , CFO , and so forth . Pao said they told de Baubigny that they wanted to rescind their application because the role seemed too junior for them
But de Baubigny told Pao not to be so hasty in turning down Kleiner Perkins . de Baubigny got John Doerr to change the role so that it would transition into more of an investing role , Pao said . Lawless then showed the jury a copy of Pao 's June 2005 offer letter which read , ” we 're pleased to offer you the position of Associate Partner . ”
Kleiner Perkins later changed the title associate partner to junior partner . Still , Pao 's initial duties were to assist John Doerr by looking through business plans , scouting new opportunities , and helping their current clients make strategic partnerships . `` My role was to help them [ Doerr ] be more effective and to try to get more work done in the day , ” Pao said .
The defense has maintained that Pao was passed over for a senior partner position at Kleiner Perkins while other male partners were promoted not because they are a woman , but because they were hired to do the duties best suited to an operating role .
“ I felt manipulated and deceived ”
Pao touched on their relationship with another junior partner , Ajit Nazre , who they claim harassed them after breaking off a brief relationship with him . Pao is not suing anyone for harassment , but they say that Kleiner Perkins failed to take action against Nazre after they and another colleague complained about him .
“ He began pursuing me around February of 2006 , ” Pao told the jury . “ I told them I was n't interested , and they said they were having problems in their marriage . I told them that they should seek counseling . ”
“ He continued to pursue me , they were relentless , and they eventually told me that their wife had left him , ” Pao continued . They asked them to try to work things out with their wife for a month . But after a month , Nazre said that their marriage was n't going to last , so Pao started a relationship with Nazre .
” It was an off-and-on relationship that lasted between five and six months , ” Pao told the jury . “ It had been rocky for a while , and when I found out that they had lied to me ... I left them immediately and permanently . I was furious . ”
`` I felt manipulated and deceived . ''
Still , Pao said they did n't say anything to any managers right at that time . “ Initially it seemed like things were going to be fine at work , ” they said . “ I told them I wanted to have a professional working relationship and I hoped that we could be friends . ”
But Nazre started to retaliate against Pao soon after , according to their testimony . “ It was hard to get information from him , they would cut me out of e-mails or they take me off e-mail threads , or they would [ call meetings without me ] . They made it hard for me to do my job… they made that much more difficult . ”
Pao said that in 2007 , they finally told senior partners at the firm that Nazre had been harassing them when they heard rumors that other female employees might have similar complaints . Pao said they spoke to senior partner Ray Lane first , but they asked them not to go to John Doerr until they spoke to them first . Lane also suggested that Pao and Nazre go to lunch together to try to work out their differences .
This would end in disaster according to Pao .
Meeting at Woodside Bakery , Pao and Nazre sat down to lunch . “ We talked about working together and working better together , and they said that they still loved me and they wanted to be with me , ” Pao said . “ I got out as fast as I could and they followed me to my car . ”
Later , Pao said they spoke to John Doerr , Ray Lane , Ted Schlein , and Juliet de Baubigny about Nazre 's inappropriate behavior at work . `` We should have HR policies and HR training to prevent these things from happening in the future , ” they told the group . de Baubigny was particularly receptive to the idea that Kleiner Perkins ought to get HR training , and Pao said de Baubigny `` told me they thought Ajit was a sex addict . ”
” I wanted to get the firm to do something about the loosey goosey way that we dealt with issues , ” Pao added .
After learning of Nazre 's behavior , Doerr was angry with them and wanted to fire him . But Pao opposed , sending e-mails to senior partners urging them to help Nazre rather than fire him . In 2008 , with Nazre 's harassment not abating , Pao again discussed their behavior with Doerr . `` I told them that I was still having problems working with him , ” they said .
” [ John Doerr ] said that they thought it seemed that Ajit was giving me a harder time because I had been married and I seemed happy , ” Pao continued . `` John said that because of Ajit 's actions , they had not received a bonus . I said 'no , actually they did receive a bonus , because they came in and yelled at me because they received a smaller bonus than they should have . ' ”
At that point , Doerr backtracked according to Pao . `` Yes , '' they said according to Pao . `` But it [ the bonus ] was cut quite significantly . ”
In 2008 , Pao said they began asking around for a lawyer . `` I wanted to know what my rights were… what my options were , ” they told the jury . “ I wanted to see if I could get just , ” Pao paused , searching for the right word , `` equal treatment at Kleiner Perkins . ”
Question : “ Who pays your salary ? ”
Rep. Markwayne Mullin ( R-Okla. ) : “ I am self-employed , I 've been self-employed , and I pay more taxes inside my own company personally than I 'll ever receive from being in Congress . I pay my own , and I pay my own insurance . … So do n't mislead and think that you 're paying mine . I do . Also , every member of Congress , they pay for their own insurance , too . We are put into the exchange . We 're not a federal employee . We go into the D.C. exchange and we personally have to pay for 100 percent of it . Not a percentage , all of it . ”
— Exchange during a town hall , April 10 , 2017
Question : “ Where do you get your insurance ? ”
Rep. Glenn Grothman ( R-Wis. ) : “ I will say , just because there 's a lot of misinformation on it : I am on Obamacare . So that 's what Congress does . ”
— Exchange during a town hall , April 10 , 2017
The Fact Checker has been receiving lots of fact-check suggestions from readers who attended district town halls , in response to our new initiative to fact-check what members of Congress tell constituents during the April recess .
Not surprisingly , some of the most heated exchanges at many of the town halls involved health care and the failed GOP replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare .
These two answers by lawmakers in Oklahoma and Wisconsin provided an interesting look at the way members are framing their own health-care options . It 's actually quite complicated , and neither member captured the nuances . So we dug into it , for the constituents who did n't get the full story at their town halls . Here 's what 's really going on .
The Facts
The ACA requires members of Congress and many congressional staffers to leave the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program and join the health-care exchanges in the District . Through the federal plan , lawmakers and their staff members had about 70 percent of their insurance premiums covered by the federal government .
But members and their staff members generally make too much money to qualify for subsidies in the exchanges , which were intended for people who previously did not get insurance from employers . So the Obama administration made an exception that allowed them to use the D.C. small-business exchange to receive health-care stipends from their employer ( the federal government ) .
Yes , you read that correctly . The law allows individual congressional offices to be counted as small businesses of 50 or fewer employees .
On the exchanges , members and staff members get an employer ( i.e. , taxpayer ) contribution of 72 percent for their premiums . So this allowed them to receive a similar subsidy as they did under the federal health plan . Some members say they donate to charity an amount equivalent to the taxpayer-funded subsidy .
Not all staffers use the small-business exchange . Staff members on congressional committees may be covered under the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program . ( We dug into this in depth here . )
So it 's more complex than how Grothman put it . Their spokesperson , Bernadette Green , explained that they were “ referring to the type of insurance that is available for them to purchase ” and drawing a distinction between the D.C. small-business exchange and the federal health program .
“ There 's a lot of misinformation out there about where members receive their health insurance . Many people in our District , and across the U.S. , think that members are on the federal health program , when instead they purchase their health care through the D.C. health exchange , ” Green said .
When enrollment for Obamacare began , some members decided to go on their spouses ' insurance plans or buy their own in the private market . In December 2013 , The Washington Post compiled a list of members of Congress who signed up for Obamacare . The list shows that Mullin bought insurance from the private market and allowed their staff to get insurance from the D.C. exchange .
At the town hall , Mullin repeatedly said that they pay for their own insurance . That may be a reference to their insurance from the private market . But it 's not accurate that members and staff members “ go into the D.C. exchange and we personally have to pay for 100 percent of it . Not a percentage , all of it. ” And it 's misleading to say that “ every member of Congress , they pay for their own insurance , too ” — since they can receive a taxpayer-provided subsidy for insurance from the exchanges .
Mullin also repeatedly rebutted claims that taxpayers pay their salary , calling it “ bullcrap , ” and that they pay enough in taxes to make up for it . Their spokesperson , Amy Lawrence , told a local news outlet : “ The member of congress is referencing the federal taxes that they and their businesses have paid to the government over the years , prior to theirs being in office . Like all business owners , Congressman Mullin pays their taxes , which contribute to congressional salaries . ”
Of course , unless he 's donating all $ 174,000 of their congressional salary , this argument does n't make much sense . And they have to earn a lot of outside income to personally pay that money back to the U.S. Treasury . In 2014 , the House Ethics Committee found Mullin may have violated House ethics rules and federal laws by earning more than $ 600,000 in outside income . Yet their attorneys argued that the majority of that amount was through distributions from their family 's plumbing business in Oklahoma and that their earned income did not exceed the $ 26,955 limit on outside income .
Mullin 's spokesperson did not respond to our requests for comment , and we will update this fact check if they do .
The Pinocchio Test
Given Republicans ' push to repeal and replace Obamacare , it 's only natural for their constituents to ask how their policy decisions will affect their own health insurance . Is their insurance funded by taxpayers ? How similar is their insurance to their constituents ' ? How will they be affected if Obamacare is replaced ? Lawmakers owe their constituents an accurate and detailed explanation .
Neither Grothman nor Mullin quite captured the complexities in their answers at their town halls . Grothman 's spokesperson said they were making a distinction between the federal health insurance program and the D.C. small-business exchange , because many of their constituents believe he 's on the federal program . It would have been better for them to explain that in detail at the town hall , but we 're glad to get a more nuanced explanation from their staff . We wo n't rate their claim .
Mullin , however , went too far by claiming that members and staffers pay 100 percent of their insurance from the D.C. exchanges . That 's not accurate : They receive a taxpayer-funded subsidy for two-thirds of their premiums . And they misled their constituents by repeatedly asserting that taxpayers do n't pay for their salary or their insurance , or their staffs ' insurance . We award Mullin three Pinocchios .
Three Pinocchios
( About our rating scale )
Send us facts to check by filling out this form
Keep tabs on Trump 's promises with our Trump Promise Tracker
Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter
Republican Gov . Phil Bryant , right , walks past reporters at the Capitol in Jackson , Miss. , Friday , April 1 . | AP Photo Mississippi governor signs law letting businesses bar LGBT community
Mississippi Gov . Phil Bryant on Tuesday signed a law that gives leeway to businesses to deny service to gay customers based on religious belief .
According to a statement , Bryant signed the legislation `` to protect sincerely held religious beliefs and moral convictions of individuals , organizations and private associations '' from `` discriminatory action '' by state government , including counties , cities and institutions of higher education .
Story Continued Below
Bryant claimed the law `` does not limit any constitutionally protected rights or actions of any citizens '' of Mississippi — a view likely to be contested by opponents of such so-called religious freedom bills . But they also said the new law would not `` attempt to challenge federal laws , '' even those conflicting with Mississippi state law .
Governmental organizations must still provide services , though individual employees can opt out .
The law will go into effect July 1 .
New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo followed the announcement later Tuesday with a ban on non-essential travel to Mississippi , an order they also made after a controversial bill related to the LGBT community was signed into law in North Carolina last month . Other governors and mayors have also followed suit on the North Carolina law .
The law which mandates that transgender people use the bathroom of their birth and prohibiting anti-discrimination practices for the LGBT community was introduced all on March 24 . On Tuesday PayPal announced it would not be building a global center in Charlotte over the law , it was expected to employ 400 people .
A similar bill to Mississippi 's -- in Georgia -- was vetoed by Gov . Nathan Deal , who is a Republican , last week .
The director , who is being honored at Saturday 's GLAAD Media Awards , opens up about the work that he 's most proud of and why being gay in Hollywood has n't ever been a problem for him .
This story first appeared in the March 27 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine .
Roland Emmerich is at a bit of a career crossroads . The director has spent 30 years making such tentpole features as Independence Day , The Day After Tomorrow and White House Down , which have earned more than $ 1 billion worldwide . But today he 's prepping a smaller project , the indie drama Stonewall , about the historic 1969 gay riots in New York that had a revolutionary impact on the civil rights movement . It 's Emmerich 's work as helmer on this upcoming Roadside Attractions release -- along with their extensive advocacy on behalf of the gay community -- that have earned the 59-year-old Germany-born director the 2015 Stephen F. Kolzak Award , which will be presented at the 26th annual GLAAD Media Awards . ( Scandal star Kerry Washington also will be feted at the annual event . )
In advance of the honor , Emmerich chatted by phone with THR from Albuquerque , N.M. -- where 's they prepping an Independence Day sequel -- about the work that he 's most proud of and why adding a gay couple to a blockbuster action franchise is n't `` a big deal . ''
What does this recognition from GLAAD mean to you ?
It 's an honor because , like , I mean , all my life I could never , ever imagine being honored for something like that . I grew up in Germany , and when I went to film school , I did n't want to say `` I 'm gay '' because I was worried that I can not do the movies I want to make . I wanted to go and make movies like Steven Spielberg or George Lucas , and when you 're in Germany , a gay director , it meant something . You know they would always be like , `` the gay director who 's trying to attempt a certain kind of film . '' And so I was kind of like -- I was out to my friends but never in public .
When I was 33 , I came to America , and it was , for me , quite an awakening because there were no openly gay directors who were shooting action movies . And that really got me going , and I became more and more open and more public and then became a big supporter for some of the big organizations , you know , because I wanted to , and now I 've made a gay movie .
And you get to receive the award from your friend Channing Tatum . Why him ?
Because I like them very much . He 's so open about everything . It 's such a pleasure when famous movie stars are down-to- earth . It happens so rarely in this business .
Has being gay ever been a problem for you in Hollywood ?
No . I was much more nervous about : Will I be able to make movies in Hollywood ? That 's much more the overriding fear . But I 've met a lot of my colleagues , and they were openly gay , and I thought to myself , `` If [ director ] Joel Schumacher can be openly gay , I can try that , too . '' In Hollywood it 's not a problem . I 'm very proud our industry is so open .
When you look back at everything you 've accomplished , is there something you 're most proud of ?
I always get thrown into being known as `` The Master of Disaster . '' That 's the only thing I do n't like so much . People forget I made The Patriot , Stargate and Anonymous -- which nobody probably saw -- but I had a lot of
fun doing . And now Stonewall -- it 's a really very special movie because it shows like a totally different side of me . Making all those other movies has allowed me to do a movie like that , you know ?
Do you consider Stonewall a big departure for you as a director ?
Yeah , but I use a lot of the techniques I 'm using in my big movies . For example , it was nearly impossible to shoot this movie in New York in the original location , so I said , `` Guys , let 's go to Canada , let 's get big tax rebates and let 's build an indoor set for the outdoor so we can shoot that . '' It was the biggest expense of the movie , but without that we could n't have shot in that sort of amount of time , and it 's good . So you know , I think a young director would have tried to shoot it on location or something , and I kind of know how to make all this stuff look real and used every trick in the book that I learned over the last 30 years to make this a good-looking film and a big-looking film , and it did n't cost that much .
Including more gay characters in film and TV is one way to increase exposure and is something you 're doing in the next Independence Day film . What can you say about those characters ?
We have a gay couple in the film . We do n't make a big deal out of it . You start small and then you get bigger and bigger and bigger , and one day you have a gay character as the lead and nobody will wonder at it no more . But we 're not there yet . It 's really interesting , you know , when you go to a studio and say it 's [ the lead ] character and it 's a $ 150 million or $ 160 million film -- they will not allow it . But when you have five characters , they allow [ one of them to be gay ] because they 're super-smart , you know ?
You 've been a leader in LGBT activism for a long time . Where do you think the causes stand today ?
We 're in a good place , but we 're not there yet . The Supreme Court has to make its vote , and then it 's on to public relations and tirelessly hammering it into people 's heads because there are still a lot of people who hate gay people in this world . I mean , go to the country -- there 's still gay bashing . We have to keep fighting .
Are marriage and children things you want for yourself ?
I 've been with my boyfriend for six years , and we 're talking about it . I always say , `` Well , you do n't have to . '' It 's a little bit like when you as a gay couple want to have kids then it becomes really serious . And kids ? No . ( Laughs . ) But my boyfriend wants them . So that 's a little bit of a problem right now . We 'll see .
ARKDaily Broadcast Issue # 5
Day two of the weekend , and we at ARKaholic can definitely hear the deafening silence from the devs reverberating through our pageview counter . Still , we 've been sifting through pages ( literally novels worth ) of reviews , videos , forum posts , comments , and every other form of media to find anything noteworthy .
First , we found a few pieces of fan art from DeviantArt users ArtByEvo and VicDeLaCruz . We think these raptors are pretty cool , and thought we 'd share them .
Next , in case you missed it , we posted a new issue of Popular FAQs , addressing pets , stealth , weapons , server specs , and more . It is definitely worth a glance for anyone who wants to play , and especially if you 're planning on hosting a private server .
And , finally for today , we would like to take this chance and promote the forums . We 've hit 50 registered users and grow that number every day . Check out what others are posting , ranging from theories on the backstory , to creating lists of all the species in the game , to anything else you want . We hope to see your introduction here soon !
More than 85,000 fans attended the Geelong-Hawthorn game , helping the League set a new single-round attendance record
THE AFL 's official attendance figure for round 15 of the 2013 Toyota AFL Premiership Season was 371,212 , representing the highest attendance tally for a single round in the history of the game .
AFL deputy chief executive officer Gillon McLachlan said they wanted to thank all AFL supporters across the country who had attended a match this weekend for being part of the new record , eclipsing the previous mark of of 367,974 achieved in round 22 , 1998 .
`` The record attendance for this weekend owes a great debt to the work of the AFL clubs and players across the competition in building their relationships with supporters , and we are building towards a tremendous finals series , '' Mr McLachlan said .
The previous mark was established in the former 16-team competition and the AFL acknowledges the inclusion of the GWS Giants and the Gold Coast Suns across the 2011-2012 seasons allows the AFL to now play nine matches per round , albeit the vast majority of games involving the Suns and Giants are played at smaller boutique stadiums with less capacity than the recent average AFL match attendance of 36,908 ( 2010 season of 176 games with 16 teams ) , 34,893 ( 2011 season of 187 games with 17 teams ) and 31,509 ( 2012 season of 198 games with 18 teams ) .
To this point of the season , the AFL has already had seven matches in excess of 80,000 fans , equalling the best mark in the game 's history with eight rounds remaining . As at the end of round 15 , total AFL attendance for the 2013 season is at 4,178,571 , compared to 4,107,305 fans to the same point last year , a rise of 1.7 per cent .
The best attendances for a single round in the history of the game :
371,212 - round 15 , 2013
367,974 – round 22 , 1998
367,792 – round one , 2012
365,507 – round one , 2013
364,544 – round one , 2007
361,003 – round 17 , 2009
357,948 – round 21 , 2007
350,885 – round three , 2008
349,489 – round one , 2009
347,824 – round six , 2010
The US likes to get the UK directly involved in its activities so at the UN and other international agencies it will have the support of European allies , says Medea Benjamin , co-founder of the anti-war group Code Pink , and author of a book on drone warfare .
Newly released documents from whistleblower Edward Snowden have shed light on US spying operations from a base in the UK . The leaks include details of how surveillance data gathered there was used in American targeted killings in the Middle East and North Africa .
Read more
RT : How significant is the role of the NSA 's British base at Menwith Hill , in US ‘ targeted killing ' operations ?
Medea Benjamin : We always knew the UK was working together with the US on these drone operations . But now we have much more information that details how Menwith Hill has been used to collect vast amounts of data that is used not just for surveillance , but actually given over for military operations . So , that 's directly linked the UK complicity with drone warfare that many of us think is illegal and violates international law . So , I think that people who have been protesting the way the UK has been working hand in glove with the US in the drone program have a lot more direct questions now to ask of their elected officials .
RT : The UK government says all activities at the Menwith Hill base are carried out with the “ full knowledge and consent ” of officials . Is this essentially an admission of British involvement ?
MB : Yes , and it tries to whitewash the fact that the British people have been kept in the dark about how significantly the UK is involved in this program . And it parallels how the American people have been kept in the dark for years about the extent of the drone program . In fact , it was a group like ours and legal groups that took the US government to court that forced our government to even admit that it was using such a thing as drones . So , both governments have tried to hide the reality from the public .
yikes : the U.S. military is using drones so often that it 's turning to private contractors to operate them https : //t.co/kEoeJ8fmKj — Mike Giglio ( @ mike_giglio ) September 6 , 2016
RT : Why does America need British support to conduct these operations ?
MB : It is a question of geographically being able to cover a much more expansive area . With the UK 's location , the US can cover the Middle East and North Africa and have a much greater range in its ability to collect information . I also think the US likes to get the UK directly involved in its activities . It likes to have its allies work together in these operations so that at places like the UN and other international agencies it will have the support of European allies .
`` I do n't think there is any denying that the British government knew what was going on . And it shows that the British government is potentially complicit in essentially killings or - dare I say – murder , because if a government kills an individual in a place where there is n't a war , i.e . they are not a combatant , this is essentially murder . It is incredible that they 've managed to keep it from the general public for this long . '' - Matteo Bergamini , founder and director of Shout Out UK talking to RT .
RT : How could these revelations affect the reputation of the British government ?
MB : These are certainly questions that have been asked for a long time and I think now they will be asked by more broad range of people and in a more urgent fashion . Jeremy Corbyn , the Labour party leader has long been questioning the UK involvement and been against the use of drones . And now that we know that the UK is not just involved in areas where the US and the UK are in more openly declared war , but in places that they are not at war at all such as Pakistan . I think there will be a much more of a demand of elected officials in the UK to come clean on the exact extent of UK involvement .
Drones could be worth $ 127B to industries across the world https : //t.co/q7SVcxuKD2pic.twitter.com/jKTWoHD0VX — Forbes ( @ Forbes ) September 6 , 2016
Medea Benjamin is author of the book 'Kingdom of the Unjust : Behind the US-Saudi Connection ' ( published this month ) .
Welcome !
Edmund Welles , the world 's only original bass clarinet quartet , is very pleased to offer you high quality recordings of our music . We present each album as a work of art : musically , visually and with great attention to liner notes . ( Agrippa 's 3 Books , for instance , contains a 24-page book . )
In addition to our albums , on this website you 'll find :
– an instructional package for bass clarinet players , the Tooth & Claw Companion and Agrippa 's Companion
– photos of us ( and album-related art work coming soon )
– links to purchase sheet music and t-shirts ( t-shirts coming back soon )
Contact us if you have questions , and sign up on the Cornelius Boots email announcements list in the sidebar for new music , upcoming shows , and special things like secret albums .
Thank you for visiting !
Competitive video games are unique in that they offer an international field of play . Unlike soccer or football , video games let you play the best in the world without having to travel , creating an international dialogue of play and growth . For Splatoon 2 players though , the current matchmaking system hinders that exchange of ideas , a significant hurdle for an already small scene .
Servers in Splatoon 2 are , as far as anyone can tell , determined the host 's geographical location . Matchmaking will seek to pair players with others within a certain threshold of ping . While this has resulted in better quality and less lag for the average player , it 's created frustrations for a competitive community that seeks to play outside its various regions .
In games like Overwatch , you can select which servers to play on . In League of Legends , you can make an account on another region 's server . While Splatoon 2 offers international matchmaking in private battles , which are custom matches set up by players , the queues for ranked and league battles are seemingly limited to your geographic region .
Competitive Splatoon players regularly compete in ranked and league queues , two separate matchmaking modes that register your skill level over time . In theory , this should make sure that you 're matched with players as good as you are , but when combined with region-locked matchmaking , it can lead to long wait times for a match and , sometimes , an inability to find matches for high-level teams looking to practice .
Advertisement
In other cases , the region lock combines with the rankings to create a closed matchmaking system . Since there are only a handful of teams searching at any given time , those looking to play each other in ranked or league battles might often find themselves facing the same opponents over and over . From Australia to areas like North America , this becomes a catch-22 of sorts—the better player you are , the harder it is to find matches against players at your skill level .
“ You can find [ a match ] sometimes , but if you 're playing later on at night or something , just got off work or it 's 9 p.m. , and you and your teammates decide to squad up , I 've had it happen where we would play the same team four separate times over the course of seven games , ” said Charles Whitehead , a North American Splatoon commentator and player . “ That 's a hindrance , in terms of what you get out of that scenario . ”
Advertisement
Compounding all of this is the fact that teams want to play the best , and those best are commonly considered to be in Japan . Players tell me that the Splatoon scene is generally divided up into two major portions : Japan , and the Western scene , which is everyone outside Japan . If you 're trying to compete with the best , you need access to them , which is difficult to manage within Splatoon 2 's confines .
The technical details of how exactly Splatoon 2 's matchmaking system works are , at this point , educated guesses . The players we reached out to for this piece did n't know any specifics on how the matchmaking worked , and Nintendo did not respond to our inquiries on the matter .
Players have resorted to forming their own constructs for better competitive play . Much like the rising prominence of Destiny 's Looking For Game channels , the Splatoon community has built several Discord servers and other methods designed to facilitate scrimmages and international play sessions .
Advertisement
Certain Discord servers , like Oceanink Squids for the Australia-New Zealand crowd , offer local resources for players looking to squad up , while international Discord servers help Splatoon players across the globe stay in touch . Some regions opt to use other tools—Japan , for instance , has several Twitter bots that auto-detect and retweet posts with certain phrases like “ plzsp , ” or “ please splat ” so that teams can scout each other and find squads to private battle .
In other cases , players will find loopholes to the existing matchmaking to match up against strong opponents . Australian Splatoon 2 player Angela “ Bickibird ” Scott told me that if their team queues up to play and the matchmaking ca n't find any Australian or New Zealand players , it will sometimes match them with Japanese players instead .
Advertisement
Essentially , three American or European players can join a party created by an Australian host . Since the game uses the host 's region for matchmaking , this allows Western players to join the queue and play against Japanese teams . Given how highly-regarded the Japanese Splatoon scene is , this technical loophole has garnered Scott and other Oceanic players some attention from Western scenes further afield .
“ We are the only sort of Western region that can play with the Japanese , I guess , ” said Scott . “ So we end up being a bit popular with North American and European players . ”
Advertisement
Kana Ide , a tournament organizer who goes by “ Chiriyuki , ” is one of several bridges between the Japanese and Western scene . They recently helped organize the Splat ChampionShip series , where 13 Western teams were invited to compete against Japanese rosters . Both a language barrier and the region restrictions prevent frequent play between the two scenes , but both agreed to set up an official tournament in order to exchange Splatoon culture , using Discord , private battles , and translators like Ide to arrange the event .
Although the Western teams , for the most part , did n't make it far , the organizers received feedback from both parties that they want more overseas competitions . Whitehead , who commentated the tournament , says opportunities like this are important for bridging the gap between regions .
“ In a new game like Splatoon 2 where things are so different , that 's very , very important , ” said Whitehead . “ In the Splat ChampionShip , we saw rollers being used all the way up to grand finals , I believe there was a roller player in the grand finals . Unheard of in the Western scene . If Western teams had not participated in that , if that had not been a documented tournament , that would not have happened . So I think it 's all the more important that Western teams get exposure to the Japanese teams and vice versa . ”
Advertisement
These international tournaments take time and commitment , which can be difficult to manage without organizations dedicated to creating them on a regular basis . In the meantime , players are finding other ways to facilitate cross-regional play . Players like Scott and Sendou , a pro European Splatoon player , use methods like having a Japanese player host parties to get around the regional matchmaking .
This hosting trick has become popular among teams vying for the top of the league battle charts . League matches are a new feature that launched with Splatoon 2 meant to determine the best squads over a certain rotation , measured by points earned in a league match . Teams want to play the best , and right now , most of those players are in Japan . Sendou is a regularly top-ranked player , but due to their location in Europe , their league battles end up being a little easier and less indicative of the actual top level of play .
Advertisement
“ There has been cases where [ my team ] breaks the all-time high score in a rotation and yet never play the top 2 - 10 teams due to regional matchmaking , ” said Sendou . “ [ ... ] Often there just simply is n't enough teams playing . You might play 15 matches in two hours and meet only five unique teams , for example . So it 's a really fun concept but suffering from overly strict regional matchmaking putting restrictions on who you can play against . ”
Because of the regional divide in league battle rankings , the results of league battles are n't always indicative of the best team in any given rotation . While some scenes thrive , others struggle to find teams at the same ranking level as its uppermost competitors .
“ We just want to play against good players , and when we get on league battle , sometimes teams can only meet at 9 p.m. at night , ” said Whitehead . “ There has to be more than two other teams in the world playing Splatoon at 9 p.m. at night Central Time , but because of regional matchmaking , you can only access those two . I love the base game so much that it would never deter me from trying , but it absolutely frustrates me . ”
Advertisement
For players like Whitehead , regional matchmaking can be more than just an irritation . Scott 's team was disqualified and unable to compete in a tournament due to lag , exacerbated by not having an option for a neutral playing field by selecting a server to play on . Finnish players like Sendou can only play at certain times of the day if they want to find matches , and those seeking to host competitions or to scrimmage with some of the best in the world have to ride along with the few souls willing to cart them .
For Australians , the kicker was the recent Splatfest , in which Japan had a separate event from the rest of the world . Oddly , Australia and New Zealand , the Oceanic region , were moved to America 's Splatfest . The time zone disparity made it difficult to even play one of Splatoon 's biggest events , and the strangeness meant the game was “ pretty much dead ” for Australian players during the festivities .
Advertisement
“ Because there are n't many Australian-New Zealand players to begin with , and like I said , the game matches us with Japanese if it ca n't find anyone , ” said Scott . “ So when Japan had their Splatfest , they were all playing in their Splatfest and we could n't fill our lobbies up with enough players . I think it 's strange we were matched with America , because when we want to play , they 're all asleep , and the other way around too . ”
While the Splatoon faithful continue to grow their community , building up Discords and sharing helpful guides or offers to scrimmage , there is still that twang of pain that comes from working around a system that can make it difficult to play and compete at the highest level .
Troy Worden , former president of the Berkeley College Republicans , has filed a motion seeking more than $ 100,000 of damages against Yvette Felarca , a member of the Antifa-affiliated By Any Means Necessary group , on the basis that they have repeatedly threatened and harassed Worden and others on campus .
According to a press release by one of Worden 's lawyers , Mark Meuser , “ Felarca filed a frivolous restraining order that restricted Worden 's First and Second Amendment rights and made it difficult for them to move around the campus to attend classes . The restraining order was dismissed on Oct. 27 , 2017 . ”
Felarca , who is known for leading the violent BAMN organization , “ is twice-over out on bail for charges of assault , resisting arrest , and inciting a riot , ” and has been interviewed by Fox News ' Tucker Carlson for their role in leading the group .
`` Felarca and their attorney attempted to make free speech expensive , and it is time that they pay for their misuse of the court system , '' said Meuser .
“ Worden also asked the court to sanction Felarca 's attorney , Shanta Driver , who is the National Chair and founder of the organization BAMN , ” the press release continues . “ As an attorney and as the National Chair of BAMN , Driver should have known that the motion was frivolous and that it was brought for the improper purpose of restricting Worden 's rights . ”
Worden told the Washington Examiner that they view Felarca 's actions as a manipulation of the justice system .
“ Yvette Felarca and By Any Means Necessary have brought frivolous restraining orders against multiple persons in the last year - including myself - in an attempt to stifle free speech with which they disagree and would like to silence . All those restraining orders have been dismissed , '' Worden said . “ Hypocritically , the Left has lamented for years that the justice system treats them and their causes unfairly , but here is a perfect example of their manipulating and abusing the justice system for their own ends . I am thankful for the hard work Mark Meuser and the Dhillon Law Firm have done to secure my First Amendment rights and defeat Felarca in court , ” they continued .
`` This case represented a massive imbalance in power in that we had a poor college student about to lose their constitutional rights because a massive organization had the resources to try to crush them in court , '' said Dhillon Law Group managing partner Harmeet K Dhillon . `` The Dhillon Law Group is proud that we could help level the playing field and turn the tables . ''
Peter Van Voorhis ( @ RepublicanPeter ) is a conservative activist , commentator , and journalist who focuses on political issues affecting millennials .
SPONSOR These Official Rules ( “ Rules ” ) govern the operation of the Microsoft OneNote Quest Event Contest ( “ Contest ” ) . Microsoft Corporation is the sponsor ( “ Sponsor ” ) .
DEFINITIONS In these Rules , “ Microsoft ” , “ we ” , “ our ” , and “ us ” , refer to Sponsor and “ you ” and “ yourself ” refers to a contest participant . “ Event ” refers to the OneNote Quest Event held in Redmond , WA . By entering you ( your parent/legal guardian if you are a minor ) agree to be bound by these Rules .
ENTRY PERIOD The Contest will operate during regular Event hours on May 9 , 2017 ( “ Entry Period ” )
ELIGIBILITY Open to any registered Event attendee 13 years of age or older who is a legal resident of the 50 U.S. + D.C. or Canada . Minors must have consent of a parent or legal guardian . Employees and directors of Microsoft Corporation and its subsidiaries , persons involved in the execution or administration of this promotion , and the family members of each ( dependents , immediate family members , and individuals residing in the same household ) are not eligible . Void in Cuba , Iran , North Korea , Sudan , and Syria and where prohibited . For business/tradeshow events : If you are attending the Event in your capacity as an employee , it is your sole responsibility to comply with your employer 's gift policies . Microsoft will not be party to any disputes or actions related to this matter . Microsoft is committed to complying with government gift and ethics rules and therefore government and public sector employees are not eligible for Contests held at business/tradeshow events .
HOW TO ENTER To participate , download and use the new May Insider OneNote update and search for new features in that update . When you have discovered a new feature , you can enter to win by sharing your finding on Twitter . To officially submit an entry , log into your legally registered Twitter account and post a publicly viewable message that mentions @ OfficeInsider and describes the OneNote build you are using and the feature name you discovered . Your tweet must also include the hashtags # OneNoteQuest and # Contest . All elements must be included to be eligible . The account settings for this message must be set to “ unprotected ” or “ public ” to be eligible . SAMPLE TWEET : “ @ OfficeInsider [ I just found [ FEATURE NAME ] in OneNote build [ xxxx.xxxx ] . # OneNoteQuest # Contest ” The entry limit is one per person during the Entry Period . We are not responsible for excess , lost , late , damaged , or incomplete entries . If disputed , entries will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder of the email address , social media profile , or other method used to enter .
USE OF ENTRIES We are not claiming ownership rights to your Submission . However , by submitting an entry , you grant us an irrevocable , royalty-free , worldwide right and license to use , review , assess , test and otherwise analyze your entry and all its content about this Contest and use your entry in any media whatsoever now known or later invented for any non-commercial or commercial purpose , including , but not limited to , the marketing , sale or promotion of Microsoft products or services , without further permission from you . You will not receive any compensation or credit for use of your entry , other than what is described in these Official Rules . By entering you acknowledge that the may have developed or commissioned materials similar or identical to your entry and you waive any claims resulting from any similarities to your entry . Further you understand that we will not restrict work assignments of representatives who have had access to your entry and you agree that use of information in our representatives ' unaided memories in the development or deployment of our products or services does not create liability for us under this agreement or copyright or trade secret law . Your entry may be posted on a public website . We are not responsible for any unauthorized use of your entry by visitors to this website . We are not obligated to use your entry for any purpose , even if it has been selected as a winning entry .
WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION Winners are to be announced during the Twitter Takeover event of @ OfficeInsider by William Devereux . Follow Office Insider on Twitter , use # TwitterTakeover and # OneNoteQuest for contest updates . Final list of OneNote Quest winners will be announced during the event . Winners will be contacted within 7 days following the Event with winner instructions through Direct Message on Twitter from Office Insider , including a prize claim deadline . If winners do n't respond within 7 business days , the next person in the winners list will be selected . In the event of a tie between any eligible entries , an additional judge will break the tie based on the judging criteria described above . The decisions of the judges are final and binding . If we do not receive enough entries meeting the entry requirements , we may , at our discretion , select fewer winners than the number of Contest Prizes described below . If public vote determines winners , it is prohibited for any person to obtain votes by any fraudulent or inappropriate means , including offering prizes or other inducements in exchange for votes , automated programs or fraudulent i.d 's . Microsoft will void any questionable votes . Winners will be notified via the contact information provided during entry and may be required to complete a prize claim and tax form ( “ Forms ” ) . If a selected winner can not be contacted , is ineligible , fails to claim a prize or fails to return any Forms , the selected winner will forfeit their prize and an alternate winner will be selected time allowing . Only three alternate winners will be selected , after which unclaimed prizes will remain unawarded .
PRIZES The following prizes will be awarded : Eighteen ( 18 ) Grand Prizes . A wearable OneNote Cape . Approximate Retail Value ( ARV ) $ 20.00 each . The total Approximate Retail Value ( ARV ) of all prizes : $ 360 . We will only award one ( 1 ) prize per person . No more than the stated number of prizes will be awarded . No substitution , transfer , or assignment of prize permitted , except that Microsoft reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value in the event the offered prize is unavailable . Prize winners may be required to complete and return prize claim and / or tax forms ( “ Forms ” ) within the deadline stated in the winner notification . Taxes on the prize , if any , are the sole responsibility of the winner , who is advised to seek independent counsel regarding the tax implications of accepting a prize . By accepting a prize , you agree that Microsoft may use your entry , name , image and hometown online and in print , or in any other media , about this Contest without payment or compensation to you , except where prohibited by law .
ODDS The odds of winning are based on the number and quality of eligible entries received .
GENERAL CONDITIONS AND RELEASE OF LIABILITY To the extent allowed by law , by entering you agree to release and hold harmless Microsoft and its respective parents , partners , subsidiaries , affiliates , employees and agents from all liability or any injury , loss or damage of any kind arising in connection with this Contest or any prize won . All local laws apply . The decisions of Microsoft are final and binding . We reserve the right to cancel , change or suspend this Contest for any reason , including cheating , technology failure , catastrophe , war or any other unforeseen or unexpected event that affects the integrity of this Contest , whether human or mechanical . If the integrity of the Contest can not be restored , we may select winners from among all eligible entries received before we had to cancel , change or suspend the Contest . Rules violators will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law and may be banned from participation in Microsoft Contests .
WINNERS LIST Send email to willdev @ microsoft.com with the subject line “ OneNote Quest winners ” within 30 days of May 9 , 2017 to receive a list of winners .
Social & Domestic Issues
This article was originally published by watchdog.org .
SANTA FE – Angry about domestic surveillance by the National Security Agency , former New Mexico governor and 2012 Libertarian Party presidential candidate Gary Johnson has launched an online drive centered on the Fourth Amendment 's prohibition on unreasonable search and seizure .
“ My blood 's boiling and I want to keep awareness of this at a heightened level , ” Johnson told New Mexico Watchdog in a telephone interview . “ Maybe we can get more disclosures out of this , maybe we 'll get Congress demanding more . ”
Since receiving the most-ever votes for a Libertarian Party presidential candidate in November — 1.3 million , but still less than 1 percent of the popular vote — Johnson has been acting as the honorary chairperson of the America Initiative , a nonprofit whose goals , according to its website , are to “ restore liberty , personal responsibility and economic freedom . ”
Johnson said their group sent an estimated 400,000 emails across the country highlighting what 's called their “ Stand Up 4 The 4th ” drive to pressure members of Congress , on vacation for three more weeks . “ Get NSA under control and restore our basic rights , ” the email says .
“ I 'm just trying to raise awareness of this issue , ” Johnson said . “ Where 's the due process , right now , today , in all of what 's happening ? This is what our lawmakers should ensure . ”
Thursday , the Washington Post reported an NSA audit revealed 2,776 instances of unauthorized collection , storage , access to or distribution of legally protected communications in the space of one year .
Earlier this year , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told a U.S. Senate committee the NSA was not collecting data on millions of Americans but later had to apologize , saying “ My response was clearly erroneous . ”
The ongoing saga of former CIA and NSA computer specialist Edward Snowden and the trial of Bradley Manning have kept the debate of intelligence gathering versus national security at the forefront of a national discussion .
“ What we 're really concerned with is the Fourth Amendment and due process , ” Johnson said . “ Where is the due process ? Who is looking over law enforcement 's shoulder ? Who is looking over the NSA 's shoulder ? … This is the libertarian cause right here . Libertarians have been out there sounding the warning bell about this issue ever the Patriot Act was signed . ”
But President Obama has insisted , “ There is no spying on Americans ” — even though in recent months it 's been learned the Department of Justice seized “ thousands and thousands ” of phone records from the Associated Press and used security badge access records to track Fox News reporter James Rosen .
Former NSA director Michael Hayden said of critics , “ They do n't want a little more transparency with regard to the metadata program . They want the program stopped . ”
Defenders point to the legal basis for the metadata program and content collection from the Internet and telephone records seeking foreign intelligence and potential terrorist information must be approved first by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court .
“ We have this FISA Court but from all I understand , they seem like a rubber stamp , ” Johnson said .
And little more than a week ago , Rep. Peter King , R-New York , defended the NSA , saying , “ This is a legitimate role of government , and when we 're talking about life and death , and having lived in New York through 9/11 I know what life and death means . We can not afford to have this become a debating society . We need decisions made quickly , yes or no , up or down , because lives are at stake . ”
“ We are forgoing what this country is founded on , which is really about civil liberties , ” Johnson countered , adding , “ So in the name of safety and security and taking on the terrorists , we are spending ourselves into oblivion and we are not any safer . ”
Contact Rob Nikolewski at [ email protected ] and follow them on Twitter @ robnikolewski .
Londonist
London 's Best Vegan Restaurants
Photo by Helen Graves .
Kerstin Rodgers writes the blog Ms Marmite Lover and is the author of V is for Vegan .
In terms of vegan choices , London is improving all the time . One thing we do have is plenty of Indian restaurants , many of which are vegetarian so it 's often possible to find vegan options there . Here is a list of London 's best vegan restaurants . I 've visited most of them and where I have n't , I 've taken a straw poll from my vegan mates .
East London vegan restaurants
Black Cat Cafe , Hackney
Black Cat Cafe used to be hit and miss . But now their food is vibrant , well proportioned and good to look at , from dirty vegan burgers with sweet potato chips to fantastic soy milkshakes , good curries and cakes . You can also buy a selection of vegan ingredients . The anarchist political atmosphere of yore seems to have subsided , and there 's been a simultaneous boost in professionalism .
Black Cat Cafe , 76 Clarence Road , Hackney , E5 8HB
The Black Cat Cafe . Photo : Kerstin Rodgers .
Carnevale , Barbican
Carnevale is an economically priced vegetarian Mediterranean ( Italian/Sicilian/Middle Eastern ) restaurant with quite a few vegan options .
Carnevale , 135 Whitecross Street , EC1Y 8JL
Rasa , Stoke Newington
Rasa has two shocking pink branches , one in Stoke Newington which is purely vegetarian/vegan . The other is near Bond Street and still has a decent vegan selection , although some meat dishes have recently snuck onto the menu . The prices at this Keralan/South Indian restaurant are low and the food is excellent .
Rasa , 55 Stoke Newington Church Street N16 OAR
Cook Daily , London Fields
Cook Daily : vegans love this fast food place , formerly of trendy Boxpark and now in its first permanent home in London Fields . Expect thoroughly substituted classics such as pie and chips , full English breakfasts and Thai curries .
Cook Daily , Arch 358 , Westgate Street , E8 3RN
Colourful , fresh vegan food at The Gate .
North London vegan restaurants
Manna , Primrose Hill
You 'll find the Primrose Hill set at Manna but do n't let that put you off . It was originally vegetarian but is now entirely vegan and hugely popular . The cooking takes inspiration from around the world and is flavoursome and well presented .
Manna , 4 Erskine Road , Primrose Hill , NW3 3AJ
Indian Veg , Islington
Indian Veg sells seriously cheap , no-frills Indian buffet food , and all but a couple of the curries are vegan ( watch out for the paneer curry that often pops up on a Wednesday and Friday ) . This place is packed after a political march in town — at these prices , even activists can afford to eat out . The food is canteen style but tasty and wholesome , especially if you time it so that a fresh batch has just been placed on the bain-marie . While you eat , you can look at the posters of Indian beauty queens and Bollywood stars , or read the slogans exhorting you to a flesh free diet ( ‘ vegetarians keep it up longer ' ) . You can eat as much as you want here for £7.95 . They also serve organic colas and Indian beers .
Indian Veg , 92-93 Chapel Street Market , Islington , N1 9EX
View this post on Instagram A post shared by いただき繕 ( itadakizen ) ( @ itadakizen ) on Dec 10 , 2018 at 7:11am PST
Itadakizen , King 's Cross
Itadakizen is a refined vegan Japanese restaurant in King 's Cross . I 've enjoyed the vegan sushi , the agedashi tofu , homemade kimchi , the bamboo leaf and buckwheat teas . Set meals range from £10-£28 including a special seaweed menu . Students get 10 % off .
Itadakizen , 139 Kings Cross Road , WC1X 9BJ
The Gate , Islington
The Gate is another high-end vegan/vegetarian restaurant . The menu is international : Greek , Thai , Indian , Japanese and British seasonal cooking , all served with panache in an atmospheric , former pub .
The Gate , 370 St John Street , EC1V 4NN . There are also further branches in Marylebone and Hammersmith
Loving Hut in Archway .
Loving Hut , Archway
There is a tradition of vegan food in Buddhism , using gluten to make mock meats such as duck , chicken , prawn and lamb . Loving Hut does a pan-Asian influenced menu including Mock duck , ‘ chicken ' satay , stir fries , Thai and Vietnamese dishes , vegan dim sum , veggie burgers for those who are n't keen on Asian food , plus milkshakes , juices and desserts .
Loving Hut , 669 Holloway Road , N19 5SE
Central London vegan restaurants
Mildreds , Soho
I must admit I have never been to Mildreds , which is bizarre as it 's one of the most well known vegetarian restaurants in London and I 've only ever heard good things about the place . They do vegetarian/vegan/gluten-free dishes , all clearly marked on the menu . Like many veggie restaurants , the food is international , comprising mainly of burgers , curries and big bowls of comforting vegan fare .
Mildreds , 45 Lexington Street , W1F 9AN . There are also further branches in Camden , King 's Cross and Dalston
Mildred 's : one of London 's most famous vegetarian and vegan friendly restaurants . Photo : Monica Shaw via the Londonist Flickr pool .
Vanilla Black , Chancery Lane
Vanilla Black is a posh vegetarian restaurant with modernist plating ( expect asymmetric lines , powders , droplets and the like ) and an almost-entirely vegan menu . Founder Andrew Dargue is focusing on refined vegan food , and it 's the sort of place you can take your parents to . Classy .
Vanilla Black , 17-18 Tooks Court , EC4A 1LB
Govinda 's , Soho
Govinda 's is a Hare Krishna-run restaurant that claims to serve ‘ karma free ' food . While the food is very good , and cheap , it 's also under seasoned . Take your own salt . I always have a little tin of Maldon salt in my handbag , which is a small price to pay for their hearty portions of decent vegan food .
Govinda 's , 9-10 Soho Street , W1D 3DL
Tibits , Regent Street
Tibits is a popular vegetarian restaurant run by three Swiss guys , the Frei brothers . You fill your plate from the buffet with treats like Mexican quinoa , chestnut roasts and veggie pastas , then have it all weighed . Tuesday nights are completely vegan , while the rest of the week they assure their offerings are 80 % vegan .
Tibits , 12-14 Heddon Street , W1B 4DA . A second venue has also opened in Bankside , just behind the Tate Modern
Tibits .
West London vegan restaurants
Woodlands , Hampstead
Woodland serves Southern Indian vegetarian cuisine but also has a specific vegan menu with idli , dosa , utthapam , soups and thalis . They do a gluten-free menu too .
Woodlands , 102 Heath Street , NW3 1DR . There are two further branches in Marylebone and Piccadilly
Cafe Forty One , Bayswater
La Suite West is a hotel restaurant with a difference ; the menu at its resident eatery , Cafe Forty One , is entirely vegan . The plating is gorgeous and the food is high end .
La Suite West , 45-51 Inverness Terrace , W2 3JN
View this post on Instagram A post shared by La Suite West Hotel ( @ lasuitewest ) on Sep 16 , 2018 at 1:44am PDT
Pomodoro e Basilica , roaming
Pomodoro e Basilica is a vegan pop-up run by Italian chef Sara Mittersteiner . I 've heard great reports about this place , which you can find popping up at food markets around west London . They also do street food at Camden from time to time .
Pomodoro e Basilica , markets around London , keep your eyes peeled on the Facebook page
222 Veggie Vegan , West Kensington
222 Veggie Vegan . Here , chef Ben Asamani cooks low salt , low fat , non-GM vegan food . Lunch is a buffet and dinner is à la carte . This restaurant is highly rated by reviewers .
222 Veggie Vegan , 222 North End Road , West Kensington , W14 9NU
The peach and chilli pan fry at Persepolis .
South London vegan restaurants
Persepolis , Peckham
Persepolis is a must for those residing , travelling or simply willing to make a journey south of the river , says Londonist 's Ruth Hargreaves . The charming yellow corner shop stocks Persian groceries and crafts out the front , but the real bonus is the knockout cafe serving Middle Eastern cuisine at the back . Lots of vegan treats are available ( hello , vegan knickerbocker glory ) .
Persepolis , 28-30 Peckham High Street , SE15 5DT
Ms Cupcake , Brixton
Ms Cupcake is a vegan bakery — London 's first entirely vegan bakery — in Brixton where you can buy ‘ afters ' , including cupcakes , cookies and muffins .
Ms Cupcake , 408 Coldharbour Lane , Brixton SW9 8LF
The Waiting Room , Deptford
The Waiting Room is now the domain of top-notch coffee ( milk substitutes as standard , of course ) , plus vegan sandwiches , snacks and cakes .
The Waiting Room , 134 Deptford High Street , SE8 3PQ
The Full Nelson , Deptford
The guys behind Deptford 's The Waiting Room ( above ) branched out , taking their vegan junk food concept and bringing it to The Full Nelson . Here you 'll find loaded 'beef ' burgers , corn dogs , loaded fries , 'chicken ' wings and basically everything you need to to justify spending the rest of the afternoon prone on the sofa , says Londonist 's Ruth Hargreaves . Delicious , filling and thoroughly indulgent .
The Full Nelson , 47 Deptford Broadway , SE8 4PH
View this post on Instagram A post shared by The Full Nelson Deptford ( @ thefullnelsondeptford ) on Dec 12 , 2018 at 5:51am PST
Reader Recommendations
We put our favourites to you , and many of you put your favourites right back to us . Here are some additional vegan ( or great-for-vegans ) restaurants that are Londonist reader favourites :
Have you any suggestions for our vegan list ? Any unknown gems ? Please let us know in the comments .
The blinking , buzzing fluorescent lighting tubes that have blighted office buildings for over 70 years could be on their way out , now that US scientists think they 've cracked a system to replace them with glowing plastic .
`` People often complain that fluorescent lights bother their eyes , and the hum from the fluorescent tubes irritates anyone sitting at a desk underneath them , '' said David Carroll , professor of physics and director of the Wake Forest University Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials . `` The new lights we have created can cure both of those problems and more . ''
The new system , dubbed field-induced polymer electroluminescents ( FIPEL ) , uses three layers of white-light emitting polymers that have been mixed with nanomaterials that glow when electrically stimulated . The research team claims the resultant light is close to natural sunlight but can be filtered for specific colors .
Because of the nature of the materials the light source can be built in sizes from eight feet square down to the size of a single light bulb . The team says they are twice as efficient as conventional fluorescents , and as good as LEDs when it comes to energy consumption and wo n't need a hazmat team to clean up if they break .
While recycling them could be an issue the design should last much longer than conventional lighting systems . The team says one of their units has been in operation for over a decade with no sign of dying as yet .
Let there be light
Full details of the system have been published in the peer-reviewed journal Organic Electronics and a commercial company is set to start selling the new panels as early as next year .
In 2007 , then-president George W. Bush signed off on legislation calling for a 25 per cent reduction in incandescent bulb energy use by 2012 , but several presidential candidates in the last US election tried to portray President Obama as using such legislation to promote government control , after they supported the move .
Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann felt so outraged by the energy-saving proposition that they introduced the Light Bulb Freedom of Choice Act to abolish the recommendation . Defeated Republican contender Mitt Romney also picked up on the subject .
`` The government would have banned Thomas Edison 's light bulb , '' Romney told the University of Chicago , Huffington Post reports . `` Oh yeah , Obama 's regulators actually did . '' ®
UGT
​La evolución alcista de los precios ( el IPC interanual sube una décima en agosto hasta alcanzar el 1,6 % ) vuelve a evidenciar la necesidad urgente de que suban los salarios , especialmente los más bajos y reafirma la exigencia de UGT al Gobierno de establecer un Salario Mínimo Interprofesional de 1000 euros , antes de que finalice la legislatura , y a la patronal la fijación de un mínimo salarial de 1000 euros al mes en todos los convenios , así como una subida generalizada de los sueldos de los trabajadores .
Reivindicaciones que plantea el sindicato en la campaña # PonteA1000 . De hecho la subida de precios de los carburantes terminará repercutiendo en el precio de los bienes básicos como la alimentación .
Los empleos precarios y la devaluación salarial , a consecuencia de la reforma laboral del Gobierno , ha creado una nueva figura la del trabajador pobre , un salario medio solo permite afrontar el 50 % de los gastos mensuales de un hogar medio y hay millones de familias trabajadoras con dificultades económicas .
Basta recordar algunos datos :
De las 18.813.300 personas ocupadas el 14,1 % está en riesgo de pobreza , el 28 % tiene dificultad o mucha dificultad para llegar a fin del mes , y el 30,4 % no puede afrontar gastos imprevistos . Los salarios reales han caído 5,4 puntos porcentuales de media de 2009 a 2016 , una devaluación que ha sido mucho más intensa entre quienes tienen empleo de peor calidad y menos ganan : así , el 10 % de trabajadores con menores retribuciones han visto recortados sus salarios reales de 2009 a 2015 un 20,5 % .
Salarios paupérrimos , aún más si los precios suben , que contrastan con los datos del crecimiento económico : el PIB crece al ritmo del 3,5 % en 2016 y 2017 y de los beneficios empresariales que ya están en los mismos niveles que antes de la crisis .
De hecho , se puede afirmar que las empresas han pagado sus deudas con los recortes de nóminas de los trabajadores , produciéndose un cuantioso trasvase de rentas de los trabajadores a las empresas . Así , de 2008 a 2016 las rentas de los asalariados han caído en 33.679 millones de euros ( un 6,1 % ) mientras que los excedentes empresariales han aumentado en 7.850 millones de euros ( un 1,7 % ) .
UGT considera absolutamente imprescindible repartir la riqueza que se genera a través de un crecimiento generalizado de los salarios , comenzando por los más bajos , hasta situarlos en un mínimo de 1.000 euros y con la introducción generalizada de cláusulas de revisión salarial en los convenios .
Una subida necesaria también para los pensionistas y para los empleados públicos . Ambos colectivos perderán de nuevo este año poder adquisitivo . La subida de las pensiones del 0,25 % a consecuencia de la reforma de pensiones de 2013 , impuesta por el Gobierno , condena a los pensionistas a perder un 1,25 % de compra respecto a la previsión de inflación del propio Ejecutivo ( en el 1,5 % al finalizar el año ) .
Por otra parte , la subida del 1 % en los sueldos de los empleados públicos también resulta insuficiente y les vuelve a someter a una pérdida de poder adquisitiva de al menos medio punto para este año .
UGT considera que la subida salarial además de ser una cuestión de justicia social es necesaria para :
Reducir las desigualdades y luchar contra la pobreza ( España es el tercer país de la UE donde más ha crecido la pobreza ( tras Rumania y Grecia )
Elevar los ingresos de la Seguridad Social y reforzar el Estado de bienestar .
Reforzar el crecimiento y ayudar a crear empleo de calidad .
“ West Indies Cricket Board does not take care of their players , ” they said . “ You are on your own . ”
As for the occasional players who make a cruel remark or bark accusations of throwing during a match , Mr. Lawson dismisses them . They find reassurance in the official record . “ If you 're cleared , you 're cleared , ” they said .
“ I do n't let it bother me , ” they added . “ Maybe they 're scared . ”
If controversy and regret seem to follow Mr. Lawson , it is clear that they are unconcerned by the past . They still have the regal bearing of a top-flight athlete , even while eating a low-key dinner at an Applebee 's in Bedford-Stuyvesant . They ordered cranberry juice and grilled salmon , one of the menu 's healthier items , with a request that no sauce or cheese be added . The Metropolitan Cricket League season runs until Oct. 12 , and Mr. Lawson 's club is expected to compete for the championship . “ People say I ca n't train or exercise as much here , ” they said , “ but I 'm still very disciplined . ”
Mr. Lawson said they had grown to enjoy New York but has moments when they yearn for home . “ I still have n't had any good Jamaican food here yet , ” they said . When the jerk chicken their dining companion ordered arrived , they laughed and pointed to the cup of tangy white sauce accompanying it . “ That needs jerk sauce , ” Mr. Lawson said .
Their other complaint is with the pace of the city , which he , of all people , finds too fast . “ In Jamaica there 's more time to relax , ” they said . “ Here , everyone is busy all the time . There is no time to relax , even if you want to. ” The closest they feel to home is when they visit the South . “ People sitting on porches , ” they said . “ I like that . ”
Mr. Lawson is open about some basics of their life in the city , but seems to value privacy . They drive a BMW and wears a nice watch . They do not currently have a full-time job , they said , describing themselves as akin to a freelance cricketer , playing for American teams that fly them around the country to locales with lively immigrant cricket communities . As a professional cricketer for several years , they may well have been highly paid . “ I 'm a dad , ” they offered at one point . “ You can say that . ”
Offers to play professionally , they said , are not rare in coming , but they explained : “ I do n't want to do it just to do it . I have a reputation. ” After finishing their meal , they pulled up a message from a stranger on their phone : a female fan in Barbados who had found them on Facebook and was curious about their whereabouts . “ Why do n't u play international cricket anymore ? ” they wrote . “ I miss u . ”
“ I 'm living in New York , ” they wrote back . “ I 'm sorry ur not able to see me play. ” They were flattered , but the question seemed to fatigue him . “ People keep asking me , ‘ Will you come back ? ' ” Mr. Lawson said . “ I could go back . But my life is here now . ”
Liverpool have taken another significant step towards their stadium redevelopment by legally committing to the proposed £260m regeneration of the Anfield area .
Tom Werner , the club 's chairperson , has signed the heads of terms document that will lead to a formal contract being entered into by the football club , Liverpool city council and Your Housing Group , the three parties involved in the proposed scheme for the overall area . The results of a recent consultation exercise on the project will be presented to the council 's cabinet next week when Liverpool 's plans for Anfield stadium – a rebuilt Main Stand followed by a new Anfield Road End – will be unveiled to local residents and supporters .
Werner , who signed the legal document with the mayor of Liverpool , Joe Anderson , and Your Housing 's chair , Kathy Cowell , said : `` We are pleased that great progress has been made with the city council and Your Housing Group about the plans for the regeneration of Anfield and the unique opportunity that gives us to stay at Anfield .
`` We have always maintained that we need certainty in order to progress with our plans and the heads of terms is an important step on that journey . We are optimistic that we will realise our plans for the expansion of Anfield and look forward to the next step of the planning process . ''
The heads of terms signing enables Liverpool , the city council and Your Housing to progress with their respective parts of the Anfield regeneration scheme with the security of having a legal agreement in place . Anderson added : `` This is another key step along in the delivery of the Anfield project , which will bring a huge improvement in quality of life for many thousands of people . The signing today sends a very clear message to the people of north Liverpool and the wider city : a brighter Anfield is coming . ''
The State Fair of Texas has revealed the eight finalists for its 2016 Big Tex Choice Awards , more commonly known as the fried food awards . High-five to fried Jell-O ! You made it .
Fried Jell-O is probably the most outrageous among the finalists , but it has plenty of competition . The list also includes hot pockets , food on a stick , and something called injectable balls .
Each year , State Fair concessionaires devise boundary-busting foods for a chance to compete for the winning titles of Best Taste and Most Creative . This year 's winners will be announced with much hoopla on August 28 .
These eight finalists were culled from a larger list , released in July , that included lots of things on sticks and loads of bacon : bacon-wrapped churros , bacon-wrapped pork belly on a stick , bacon-wrapped tater dog , bacon burger dogs on a stick , a `` Bacontilla , '' and Dorito bacon fried cheese stick . Only the bacon burger dog slider on a stick emerged from the bacon field .
Pineapple was a popular ingredient , as well , with three entries : Caribbean pineapple `` Korn-a-Copia , '' fried `` Pinatacolupa , '' deep fried Hawaiian hoops , and an entry called `` Pina-A lot-Ta . '' One pineapple made it through .
These are the eight finalists for the 2016 Big Tex Choice Awards :
Caribbean Pineapple Korn-a-Copia
Marinated grilled chicken and shrimp are served over a bed of yellow Caribbean fried rice and topped with a tropical salsa and pineapple rum glaze . Served in a pineapple half shell .
Deep Fried Bacon Burger Dog Slider on a Stick
A miniature ground beef patty is stuffed with shredded cheddar cheese , bacon , and a hot dog on a Hawaiian roll , then placed on a skewer topped with a pickle , dipped in a tempura batter , and deep fried . Served on a bed of shoestring fries with ranch dipping sauce .
Deep Fried Pulled Pork Funyun Dings
A Funyun is stuffed with pulled pork , pepper Jack cheese , pineapple slices , and bacon , then dipped in a batter and deep fried . Served with sweet barbecue sauce .
Fernie 's Down Home Chicken Pot Pie Pocket with Mac 'n'Cheese Dip
Shredded chicken , potatoes , carrots , peas , and corn in a white sauce is ladled into pastry dough , then folded Hot Pocket-style , and fried . Served with a side of mac-and-cheese-inspired dip .
Fried Jell-O
Cherry Jell-O in a panko-crusted breading , flash-fried , and dusted with powdered sugar . Served with whipped cream and a cherry .
Injectable Great Balls of BBQ
Beef brisket and bock barbecue sauce is molded into balls , rolled in seasoned breadcrumbs and fried . Served on a bed of coleslaw , each order comes with its own pipette of bock barbecue sauce to be injected into the brisket balls .
Southern Fried Chicken & Dumplins
Shredded chicken is mixed with seasoning , dough , and gravy ; rolled into balls ; coated with breadcrumbs ; and deep fried . Served with fried biscuit bites and a side of gravy .
State Fair Cookie Fries
Looks like a classic crinkle-cut fry but offered in traditional cookie flavors like chocolate chip or sprinkles . Served with choice of strawberry or milk chocolate sauce .
* * UPDATED * *
So this it , week 10 , the final week of the regular season . For 11 teams what happens this week will decide whether or not they will progress to the playoffs and with it , a chance to claim the ultimate prize in the league , the MLD Championship .
Four teams had guaranteed their place is the playoffs before week 10 but there were 6 spots still available , with two Division titles still available in the Orange Conference and all 4 wildcard spots , 2 from each conference up for grabs , it promised to be an exciting week . So let 's see who would join the Ducks , Foxes , Spartans and the Rhinos in the playoffs .
Dodgers ( Orange Conference , qualified for playoffs as Volcanic Division champions )
The Dodgers just needed to ensure they picked up at least two games in their match against the Bulls on Thursday night and they duly obliged as they took games 2 and 3 in their 3-2 loss against their divisional rivals . The Dodgers will now look towards the playoffs , the fourth time they have reached them in the franchise 's history and will be hoping to become only the second team in the MLD to have won multiple championships , after winning it in season 2 .
Bulls ( Orange Conference , qualified for playoffs as # 2 Orange Conference wildcard )
The Bulls needed a 4-1 win or better to oust the Dodgers from the top spot but unfortunately they fell agonisingly short , winning 3-2 and relied on results elsewhere to ensure qualification . Fortunately for the Bulls things went their way as neither the Tigers nor Hurricanes were able to catch them . The Bulls will now be appearing in their 4th playoffs , a record they share with the Dodgers .
Pandas ( Orange Conference , qualified for playoffs as Tropic Division champions )
With the Pandas requiring only 1 win to progress this week they looked odds on favourites to qualify and they certainly did n't disappoint , as a strong 5-0 win over the Hurricanes was more than enough for the Pandas to make their second appearance in the playoffs , as well as claim the Tropic Division title . It 's been a great season for them , considering they ended at the bottom of the league standings last season , their performances this season are a testament to team captain , Cardinal , with theirs never give up attitude and astute singings this season , the Pandas look good to challenge for the championship .
Flames ( Orange Conference , qualified for playoffs as # 1 Orange Conference wildcard )
For a while the Flames seemed the team to beat in the Orange Conference until their week 8 loss to the Pandas . Then went into the week with a chance of winning the Tropic Division title , but that opportunity disappeared due to the Pandas 5-0 win against the Hurricanes . That result and the Bulls result meant they only needed to win 1 game against the Tigers to guarantee progression . The
Tigers ( Orange Conference , did not qualify )
As results came in over the weekend the Tigers were left with a near impossible task of whitewashing the Flames to qualify . Unfortunately , despite a valiant effort , they could n't get past their rivals and the Flames took the series 3-2 . Like the other teams who just missed out this week they can be happy with their efforts through the season and no doubt should the same line-up return for season 6 , they will be a force to be reckoned with .
Hurricanes ( Orange Conference , did not qualify )
Going into week 10 the Hurricanes were an considerable outsider to reach the playoffs , needing a strong result of their own and results elsewhere to go in their favour they could n't overcome the powerful Pandas , with the 'Canes losing 5-0 , a result which spelled the end of their season . The 'Canes can be proud of their inaugural season and they showed great competitiveness throughout .
Sharks ( Blue Conference , qualified for the playoffs as # 2 Blue Conference wildcard )
The Sharks went into week 10 on the brink of franchise history , as the `` Grey Terror '' had their best chance of qualifying for the playoffs for the first time their history . They would have to wait till late on Sunday to decide their fate , where a crunch clash against other playoff hopefuls , the Lightning , loomed . The Sharks only to win 2 games out 5 to progress and after a close series they managed to take 3 , winning the series on top and cementing their place in the playoffs , much to the despair of the Lightning .
Lightning ( Blue Conference , did not qualify )
It was a case of so close yet so far for the Lightning . Needing a 4-1 win against the Sharks to progress , the Lightning battled hard but just could n't quite get the better of their rivals . Still it has been a good season for the Lightning especially considering the competitiveness of their division .
Jets ( Blue Conference , qualified for the playoffs as # 1 Blue Conference wildcard )
The Jets confirmed their place in the playoffs , albeit in slightly fortuitous fashion , as they received a 5-0 default win due to their opponents , the Aviators , not showing up for their clash . While the Jets maybe have clinched their spot in the playoffs in somewhat lucky circumstances their performances over the season have , arguably , warranted a playoff spot .
Blizzard ( Blue Conference , did not qualify )
Despite the Blizzard 's 4-1 win against the Foxes on Friday their playoff ambitions ended last due to the Jets 5-0 default win against the Aviators . It will no doubt be a tough pill to swallow , as they earn the less than glamorous title of being the highest place team that did not qualify . However the Blizzard can be proud of their performances over the season and certainly proved they were a force to contend with .
Hawks ( Blue Conference , did not qualify )
Unfortunately for the Hawks the Blizzard 's 4-1 win against the Foxes ended all playoff hopes for the Hawks . The Hawks did go out with somewhat of a bang as they became the first team to beat the Ducks in over 13 series , a result that has no doubt given the Ducks playoff rivals a touch more optimism .
Do n't forget to follow the MLD on Twitter ( @ MLDoubles ) for the latest news , updates and everything else MLD related . Also keep your eyes peeled for live games over on our Twitch
channel : https : //www.twitch.tv/mldoubles , check out our YouTube channel where you can rewatch/catch up on past broadcasts and last but not least if you like what we do and can spare a few pennies why not visit our patreon page : https : //www.patreon.com/MLDoubles and help support the MLD .
By Jake Donovan
Vijender Singh is finally ready to begin their pro career . The three-time Olympian from India has been added to the loaded October 10 bill at Manchester Arena in Manchester , England .
An opponent has yet to be announced for Singh , a highly touted middleweight prospect who signed with Frank Warren 's Queensberry Promotions earlier this year . Their pro debut comes on a card topped by local favorite Terry Flanagan in their first lightweight title defense versus dangerous mandatory challenger Diego Magdaleno .
“ I 'm so excited to be making my professional debut at the Manchester Arena on Saturday 10th October and to show that India is the new force in professional boxing , ” Singh said . “ Thanks to Francis ( Warren ) and everybody at Queensberry Promotions for the very warm welcome and I ca n't wait for my fight to be televised on BoxNation .
“ This means so much to me personally and to all my fans back home in India who have supported me all this way and will now follow me on my journey to become the first boxer in India to win a world professional title . ”
Singh is leaving nothing to chance , setting up camp locally in Manchester under the watchful eye of leading trainer Lee Beard .
“ Training now as a professional is totally different to my amateur regime and I 'm loving the training with Lee Beard who has taught me so much in a short space of time , ” Singh said . “ We are working great together and now I want to put into practice what I have learnt . I 'm still learning all the time and there will be plenty to come from me . I believe that this is going to be a very exciting time . ”
The bout comes two weeks shy of Singh 's 30th birthday , waiting to turn pro following an extensive amateur run that included Olympic appearances in 2004 , 2008 and 2012 . They claimed Olympic Bronze in the 2008 Beijing Olympics , becoming the first-ever boxer from India to bring home a medal . They came within one fight of duplicating the feat during the 2012 London Olympics , but landed on the wrong end of a controversial decision to Uzbekistan 's Abbos Ateov in the quarterfinal round .
In their time spent between their last Olympics appearance and now , the camera-ready Singh emerged themselves into modeling , reality television and Bollywood culture . There were talks of theirs attempting to make a fourth Olympic run , but instead opted to take their talents to the pro ranks .
“ We 've all worked very hard to get Vijender here and I 'm delighted that their professional debut is now confirmed , ” noted Warren . “ The Manchester Arena show is a fantastic event for Vijender to make their debut on and it 's headlined with two big world title fights on BoxNation and one day that can be him .
“ I 've seen how hard they are working with their trainer Lee in the gym and I ca n't wait for them to produce the goods on the night to show what I and the team have believed all along , that they have the potential to be a world class boxer . ”
Jake Donovan is the managing editor of BoxingScene.com
Twitter : @ JakeNDaBox
After Almost 25 Years , the Bethesda Pet Shoppe is Calling it Quits
Owners of Elm Street store known for Buddy the parrot set to retire this month
By Aaron Kraut
Buddy , the popular African gray parrot at the Bethesda Pet Shoppe Aaron Kraut
One of Bethesda 's last remaining independent pet shops will close this month when its husband-and-wife ownership team retires .
Kay and Bob McKim opened the Bethesda Pet Shoppe on Elm Street in 1992 and quickly built up a following of pet owners looking for pet food and accessories .
“ We did n't design this to be competition with Petco or any of those chains because we wanted more premium products , ” McKim said Monday . “ We wanted the good food . We wanted food that we had studied , that we knew about . ”
McKim said the couple , which lives in Virginia , hoped to create an “ old-time pet shop ” with hamsters , rabbits , hand-trained birds and fish available for people to come in and enjoy as well as purchase .
Last June , Bob McKim suffered a knee injury in the store that required surgery . The injury , along with the arrival of an increasing number of large national chain stores , restaurants and fitness studios along both sides of Elm Street , caused the McKims to consider retirement , Kay McKim said .
“ It 's not that unique shopping experience that it used to be . It 's just one chain after another now , ” McKim said . “ It 's just turned into any strip mall . It 's not how we envisioned it when we picked our location . We certainly could 've signed another five-year lease , but it was n't going to make us happy , I 'm afraid . If we 're not happy , then the business suffers and we just ca n't do it . ”
Credit : Aaron Kraut
The shop never sold dogs , encouraging people to adopt instead , but was known for its parrots and cockatiels .
One in particular , an 11-year-old African gray parrot named Buddy , quickly became a customer favorite .
They learned the entire theme song from the TV show The Addams Family , even snapping their foot , and would ask customers , “ Are you talking ? ”
“ He 's the man , ” McKim said .
They said potential buyers from Illinois , New York and Tennessee have called the shop in recent weeks to inquire about the store 's remaining birds .
In about two weeks , the people who bought the store 's fixtures are expected to pick them up , which will likely signal the final day for the shop .
“ We 've got wonderful people who shop here and we 're just going to miss them dearly , ” McKim said . “ They 're not happy . They understand , but they 're sorry to see us go . It 's time . ”
The `` mainstream media '' came under attack at Salon.com on Tuesday . Paul Rosenberg raged against the Associated Press for refusing to use the term ‘ climate denier ' after activists on the Left demanded that . However , when the AP admitted that `` denier '' sounded too much like a Holocaust denier , Rosenberg went unhinged . “ This is , quite simply , wrong . Wrong , wrong , wrong , wrong , wrong . ”
Rosenberg claimed that `` denier '' was the more scientific term , because skeptic or doubter gave “ an undeserved air of legitimacy to something that is simply not legitimate. ” They continued to attack the AP 's decision on vernacular , suggesting they could also use `` denialist , '' also popular among the progressives . Rosenberg felt the association with Holocaust Denial is worthwhile , and even that an approaching Climate Holocaust will be much worse :
[ I ] it 's conceivable that global warming could cost twice as many lives , or more , the equivalent of a Holocaust every decade from 2030 on . And global warming denial is a contributing cause to all those millions of deaths . This is what the best available science is telling us . But AP says we should n't use the term “ denier ” , because it has a “ pejorative ring. ” Which begs the question : is n't a pejorative ring precisely what 's called for ? Is n't it both morally necessary and empirically accurate ? The problem is n't that “ denier ” has a “ pejorative ring , ” it 's that it 's not nearly pejorative enough . “ Climate holocaust co-conspirator ” would be more apt . AP 's “ climate doubter ” stylebook decision is a telling example of how the media itself is sleepwalking into this oncoming endless holocaust , by failing to assimilate important scientific information , critically reflect on the role it is playing , and change accordingly .
Rosenberg quoted the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives finding that the climate-change news is too negative and discouraging , “ that the media can breed cynicism about climate change when reporting emphasizes ‘ the failures of climate politics ' . ”
DIGG THIS
The US Congress , the US media , the American people , and the United Nations , are looking the other way as Cheney prepares their attack on Iran .
If only America had an independent media and an opposition party . If there were a shred of integrity left in American political life , perhaps a third act of naked aggression — a third war crime under the Nuremberg standard — by the Bush Regime could be prevented .
On March 30 , the Russian News & Information Agency , Novosti , cited `` a high-ranking security source : `` The latest military intelligence data point to heightened US military preparations for both an air and ground operation against Iran . ''
According to Novosti , Russian Colonel General Leonid Ivashov said `` that the Pentagon is planning to deliver a massive air strike on Iran 's military infrastructure in the near future . ''
The chief of Russia 's general staff , Yuri Baluyevsky , said last November that Russia was beefing up its military in response to US aggression , but that the Russian military is not `` obliged to defend the world from the evil Americans . ''
On March 29 , OpEdNews cited a report by the Saudi Arabian newspaper Okaz , which was picked up by the German news service , DPA . The Saudi newspaper reported on March 22 , the day following Cheney 's visit with the kingdom 's rulers , that the Saudi Shura Council is preparing `` national plans to deal with any sudden nuclear and radioactive hazards that may affect the kingdom following experts ' warnings of possible attacks on Iran 's Bushehr nuclear reactors . ''
And Admiral William `` there will be no attack on Iran on my watch '' Fallon has been removed as US chief of Central Command , thus clearing the way for Cheney 's planned attack on Iran .
The Iranians do n't seem to believe it , despite the dispatch of US nuclear submarines and another aircraft carrier attack group to the Persian Gulf . To counter any Iranian missiles launched in response to an attack , the US is deploying anti-missile defenses to protect US bases and Saudi oil fields .
Two massive failures by the American media , the Democratic Party , and the American people have paved the way for Cheney 's long-planned attack on Iran . One failure is the lack of skepticism about the US government 's explanation of 9/11 . The other failure is the Democrats ' refusal to begin impeachment proceedings against President Bush for lying to the Congress , the American people , and the world and launching an invasion of Iraq based on deception and fabricated evidence .
If an American president can start a war exactly as Adolf Hitler did with pure lies and not be held accountable , they can get away with anything . And Bush and their evil regime have .
Hitler launched World War II with their invasion of Poland after staging a `` Polish attack '' on a German radio station . On the night of August 31 , 1939 , a group of Nazis disguised in Polish uniforms seized a radio station in Germany . Hitler announced that `` last night Polish troops crossed the frontier and attacked Germany , '' a claim no more true than the Bush Regime 's claim that `` Saddam Hussein has weapons of mass destruction . '' Hitler 's lie failed , because their invasion of Poland , which began the next day allegedly in reprisal for the Polish attack , had obviously been planned for many months .
Iran is a beautiful and developed country . It is an ancient civilization . It has attacked no one . Iran is a signatory to the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty . Iran is permitted by the treaty to have a nuclear energy program . The Bush Regime 's case against Iran is based on the Bush Regime 's desire to deny Iran its rights under the treaty .
The International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors have repeatedly reported that they have found no evidence of an Iranian nuclear weapons program . Despite all the disinformation from US Gen. Petraeus and other Bush Regime military lackeys , Iran is not arming the Iraqis who are resisting the American occupation .
If Iran were arming insurgents , the insurgents would have two weapons that would neutralize the US advantage in the Iraqi conflict : missiles to knock down US helicopter gunships and rocket-propelled grenades that knock out American tanks . The insurgents do not have these weapons and must construct clumsy anti-tank weapons out of artillery shells . The insurgents are helpless against US air power and can not mass forces to take on the American troops .
Indiscriminate American violence has reduced Iraq to rubble . The civilian infrastructure is essentially destroyed — electricity , water and sewer systems , medical care and schools . Depleted uranium is everywhere poisoning everyone , including US troops . There is no economy , and half or more of Iraqis are unemployed . Literally no Iraqi family has escaped an injury or a death as a consequence of the US invasion . Millions of Iraqis have become displaced persons . A developed country with a professional middle class has been destroyed because of lies told by the President and Vice President of the US . The Bush Regime 's lies are echoed by a neoconservative media , and have gone unchallenged by the opposition party and an indifferent American public .
In Afghanistan , death and destruction rains on even the smallest village from the air . America 's wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are wars against the civilian populations .
Just as the world could not believe Hitler 's next horror and thus was always unprepared , the Iranians despite all the evidence can not believe that even the Great Satan would gratuitously attack Iran based on nothing but lies about non-existent nuclear weapons .
Iran 's only chance would be to strike before the US delivers the first blow . Instead of using its missiles to take out the Saudi oil fields and to sink the US aircraft carriers , instead of closing the Strait of Hormuz , instead of arming the Iraqi Shi'ites and moving them to insurgency , Iran is perched like a sitting duck in denial even as the US and its Iraqi puppet Maliki move to eliminate Al Sadr 's Iraqi Shi'ite militia in order to avoid supply disruptions and a Shi'ite rebellion in Iraq when the US attack on Iran comes .
It is important to emphasize that Iran is making no moves toward war . Having tamed , blackmailed , and purchased Congress , the US media , and US allies and puppets , Cheney might delight in the arrogance with which they can now attack Iran free of any restraint or fabricated provocation . On the other hand , they might cover themselves by orchestrating an `` Iranian provocation '' to justify their attack as a response . But like Hitler 's planned attack against Poland , Cheney 's attack on Iran has long been in the works .
On March 29 the Associated Press reported that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi `` poured contempt on fellow Arab leaders '' at the Arab summit that day . Gadhafi told the Arab `` leaders , '' many of whom are on the American payroll , that their American masters would turn on them all , just as America turned on Saddam Hussein after using them to fight a proxy war against Iran .
Saddam had once been an ally of Washington , Gadhafi reminded the Arabs , `` but they sold them out . '' Gadhafi told the American puppets , `` Your turn is next . ''
Gadhafi asked , `` Where is the Arabs ' dignity , their future , their very existence ? '' If Arabs remain disunited , they predicted , `` they will turn themselves into protectorates . They will be marginalized and turn into garbage dumps . ''
Indeed , it is this disunity that permits the US to bomb and murder at will in the Middle East .
The Best of Paul Craig Roberts
The aviation industry is a major source of greenhouse gas emissions . In 2011 aviation contributed around 3 % of Australia 's emissions . Despite improvements in efficiency , global aviation emissions are expected to grow 70 % by 2020 from 2005 . While the industry is seeking new renewable fuel sources , growing biofuels takes up valuable land and water that could be otherwise used to grow food .
But what if you could grow biofuels on land nobody wants , using just seawater and sunlight , and produce food at the same time ?
That 's just what a new project in Abu Dhabi is seeking to do . The Integrated Seawater Energy and Agriculture System , or ISEAS , will grow sustainable food and aviation fuel in the desert , using seawater and sunshine , in a way that is eminently transferable to similar arid regions around the world .
The project was announced in January 2015 and is now under construction .
So , how does the project solve the biggest environmental problems ?
A triple dilemma
Energy , water and food problems frequently compound each other , each making the others more difficult to resolve .
Examples abound : think of wasteful irrigation coming up against water limits and threatening reductions in food production . But there are some projects that turn the issue around and bring water , energy and food issues into positive relations , each strengthening the others .
One example of this is the Sundrop Farms project in South Australia , on which I previously wrote on The Conversation , where abundant sunshine and seawater are used to produce electric power and fresh water to cultivate greenhouse crops like tomatoes .
The Sundrop Farms project is moving ahead , and has won substantial financial support from the global venture capital firm KKR in addition to its earlier support from the Clean Energy Finance Corporation , as well as a contract to supply fresh produce to supermarket chain Coles over the next ten years .
The Abu Dhabi project is even more ambitious and is called “ seawater farming ” . It involves the use of salt-tolerant plants like mangroves and the oil-rich Salicornia as well as aquaculture of seafood such as shrimps and fish .
The project was developed through the Sustainable Bioenergy Research Consortium in Abu Dhabi . It involves as partners the airline Etihad Airways , the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology ( from the UAE ) , as well as corporate giants Boeing , General Electric and UOP Honeywell . These corporations provide the funding and a potentially ( vast ) market .
The idea is to rapidly scale up various options for securing the biomass and complementing it with associated activities to generate a closed loop operation .
How does it work ?
First , seawater is used in aquaculture ponds , where ( 2 ) fish and/or shrimp varieties can be grown ( = food ) . Then ( 3 ) the wastewater from the aquaculture , which is rich in organic nutrients , is used to irrigate a salt-tolerant crop of Salicornia .
This crop is harvested ( 4 ) and the oil extracted from the seeds ( = aviation biofuel ) . Water is then drained from the salt-tolerant crops ( 5 ) and fed into a mangrove wetland , where it is naturally purified and carbon can be sequestered ( 6 ) .
Outside this sequence there is solar energy input to drive the crop production and energy production needed for pumping .
A chart of the process is shown here :
Solving complex problems
The project solves the problem of waste disposal with fish farming ( aquaculture ) by channelling the organic wastes as irrigation to act as fertiliser for the cultivation of the Salicornia plants . The Salicornia plants themselves ( known as halophytes , or salt-resistant species ) need only the seawater and grow on arid land .
The project eliminates the problem with most biofuels that they are perceived as taking away water and arable land that could be used for food production . Instead the Abu Dhabi project produces fuel and food and recycles everything .
The current pilot farm is entirely closed-loop , with the seawater drawn originally from the ocean passing through the various stages and finally fed to mangrove plantations . The water is filtered through the mangroves , extracting the final nutrients , and the water can either be fed back to the ocean or recycled to the fish farms . All energy used ( such as for pumping the water ) is generated with a solar array – so there is no fossil fuel input at all .
The project is achieving remarkable success because it is backed financially by large players – Etihad itself as the principal airline , the Masdar Institute of S & T , and corporate giants like Boeing .
The project will scale up quickly . The pilot project is a plant covering 2 hectares , but in three years it is expected to grow to a 200 ha demonstration scale involving around 140 ha for the Salicornia cultivation , 30 ha for the aquaculture and 20 ha or more for the mangrove plantation .
Could Australia do the same ?
Australia is a country with vast arid areas , copious quantities of seawater and sunshine – all the ingredients needed for a similar solar biofuel and food project .
It has a national air carrier in Qantas that has already experimented with various kinds of aviation biofuels . It has a national R & D organization in CSIRO that could organize such a project .
Australia has long experience in development of agricultural models that can cope with high salinity levels . There is a strong research tradition cultivated in West Australia with the CRC for Plant-based Management of Dryland Salinity and its successor the Future Farm Industries CRC – which had to close its doors in mid-2014 for lack of continued support .
Such a project would produce food , both for domestic consumption and export ; it would produce aviation biofuel and help restore a fuel processing value chain and again a domestic as well as an export product ; and it would utilise water in a way that can promote a means of halting desertification and restoring fertility in arid areas . It is a big idea for a big country .
Vancouver 's economy is at risk because of the city 's out-of-control housing costs , so Ottawa needs to make sure it is doing the maximum to prevent fraud in the real estate market , Mayor Gregor Robertson is warning the federal Finance Minister .
`` I often hear from residents about fraudulent practices connected to home purchases in Vancouver . Though many of the stories shared may be anecdotal , they speak to a growing anxiety that warrants a robust response to ensure the public has full confidence in our regulatory systems , '' the mayor wrote in a recent letter to Finance Minister Bill Morneau .
Mr. Robertson , who wrote to request a special meeting in British Columbia with Mr. Morneau and provincial representatives to discuss housing solutions , also warned that housing prices in Vancouver are still disconnected from local incomes .
Story continues below advertisement
`` As a result , many businesses are struggling to recruit and retain talent , which is putting our economy , currently the strongest in Canada , at risk , '' they said .
The mayor emphasized that agencies such as the International Monetary Fund are issuing warnings about the housing markets in Vancouver and Toronto .
`` If we are to ensure the future prosperity and inclusiveness of our city , a proactive approach that creates long-term stability and resiliency in the housing market is essential . ''
The mayor 's letter comes after Mr. Morneau had special talks with Ontario and Toronto politicians in April to address the skyrocketing housing market there .
After those talks , Ontario introduced 16 measures to try to cool the housing market . There was also a promise among the three levels of government to share data more regularly .
Vancouver has n't seen special attention paid to its housing problems by the federal government since June of last year , when Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spent an afternoon listening to various experts in the city – some of them contradicting others – about the nature of the problem and various solutions .
B.C . introduced a precedent-setting foreign buyer 's tax on housing in July , which appeared to send a signal back east that the problem was solved .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But the tax , which slowed down sales volumes in the early months , appears not to have had an effect on prices , except at the very high end .
In fact , condo and townhouse prices , which had been relatively flat for several years while single-family-house prices took off , have risen dramatically in the last year .
The federal government has announced some measures to address concerns about the housing market , committing to $ 240-million for housing research in its last budget and promising to crack down on people avoiding capital-gains taxes when they sell a house by illegally claiming it is a principal residence .
There is a belief among some in Vancouver that buyers from China , in particular , take advantage of the principal-residence exemption to avoid taxes when they flip properties for large profits .
The government has also changed reporting requirements , so that those selling their houses have to formally declare on their income-tax return that it is a principal residence to avoid capital-gains tax .
But there are concerns that the Canada Revenue Agency does n't have enough resources to go after cheaters effectively .
Story continues below advertisement
And local experts have doubts about how much of an impact federal-government measures can have on the local housing market .
`` The person who could do the most to improve affordability in Vancouver is Gregor Robertson , '' said Tsur Somerville , a real estate expert and professor at the University of B.C . 's Sauder School of Business . `` I do n't think the federal government is the solution . ''
Dr. Somerville said the city ca n't buckle all the time to pressure from residents who object to new developments and then claim that the problem is lack of federal regulation .
They did agree that it 's important for Ottawa to be aggressive about fraud in the real-estate market .
`` It 's important for governments to be as proactive as possible on that , '' they said , otherwise the general public 's suspicions about the impact of foreign money on the housing market continue to fester .
Special to The Globe and Mail
TotalBiscuit Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United Kingdom 5415 Posts Last Edited : 2013-12-07 05:13:05 # 1 Airs - Saturday , Dec 07 10:00pm GMT ( GMT+00:00 )
Day 2 - Sunday , Dec 08 5:00pm GMT ( GMT+00:00 )
]
Get your discount or service credit from Ting mobile at
SHOUTcraft America is back with the SHOUTcraft America Winter tournament . Defending Champion will face off against the Top 7 GM players at the end of our qualification period on December the 5th .
Format : Single Elimination Best of 5 ( classic SHOUTcraft ) format . Best of 7 finals
Prize Breakdown
1st Place : $ 2500
2nd Place : $ 1200
3rd/4th Place : $ 450
5th/8th Place : $ 100
Total Prizepool : $ 5000
Get your discount or service credit from Ting mobile at http : //shoutcraft.ting.com SHOUTcraft America is back with the SHOUTcraft America Winter tournament . Defending Champion Kane will face off against the Top 7 GM players at the end of our qualification period on December the 5th.Single Elimination Best of 5 ( classic SHOUTcraft ) format . Best of 7 finals1st Place : $ 25002nd Place : $ 12003rd/4th Place : $ 4505th/8th Place : $ 100Total Prizepool : $ 5000
Player lineup :
Kane vs. Minigun
Hitman vs. Scarlett
HuK vs. DeMusliM
MajOr vs. MaSa
Qualification requirements : Be in the Top 7 players on NA Grandmaster at 12am EST on December 5th , 2013 . Eligible players must be a citizen of any of the countries within the continental Americas , hold permanent residency status ( green card ) or hold a valid work visa . Proof will be required for each player prior to confirmation and announcement of the lineup . Any proven instances of attempting to manipulate ladder rank through practices such as win-trading or account sharing will result in immediate disqualification from the qualifiers . Players must play on an account with their real name or proven legal alias to participate . Blizzard will individually verify each account to ensure it 's legitimacy prior to formal invitation being presented to the qualifying players .
Dates :
Round of 8 - December 7th
Semis and finals - December 8th
Times to be determined pending communication with ASUS ROG Northcon tournament to prevent clashes .
Casters : TotalBiscuit and Greg `` IdrA '' Fields
Stream : http : //twitch.tv/totalbiscuit
Site : http : //www.shoutcraft.com
-- -- -- -- -- --
FAQ
Q : Why the smaller format ?
A : We were very transparent after the fact about letting people know that while the first SHOUTcraft America was successful in terms of viewership , it did not provide the returns we needed to sustain the format . With the help of Ting , we are able to put on a sponsored event on a slightly smaller scale . We also feel that SHOUTcraft works better as a weekend event rather than a 7 day tournament as we did last time . This will create a more compact , easier to watch experience for everyone .
Q : Can non-continental Americas players participate ?
A : Only if they can provide proof of a valid work visa or permanent residency status during the period of the competition . Student visas will not be accepted . This is to ensure firstly that there are no legal ramifications for our sponsor and secondly to maintain the integrity of the tournament as a regional event .
Q : Will the tip-jar be available ?
A : Yes , viewers will be able to tip their favourite players via Paypal links on
Q : Will there be an offline final ?
A : This tournament will be played entirely online .
Player lineup : Kane vs.MinigunHitman vs.ScarlettHuK vs.DeMusliMMajOr vs.MaSaBe in the Top 7 players on NA Grandmaster at 12am EST on December 5th , 2013 . Eligible players must be a citizen of any of the countries within the continental Americas , hold permanent residency status ( green card ) or hold a valid work visa . Proof will be required for each player prior to confirmation and announcement of the lineup . Any proven instances of attempting to manipulate ladder rank through practices such as win-trading or account sharing will result in immediate disqualification from the qualifiers . Players must play on an account with their real name or proven legal alias to participate . Blizzard will individually verify each account to ensure it 's legitimacy prior to formal invitation being presented to the qualifying players.Round of 8 - December 7thSemis and finals - December 8thTimes to be determined pending communication with ASUS ROG Northcon tournament to prevent clashes.TotalBiscuit and Greg `` IdrA '' Fields -- -- -- -- -- -- Q : Why the smaller format ? A : We were very transparent after the fact about letting people know that while the first SHOUTcraft America was successful in terms of viewership , it did not provide the returns we needed to sustain the format . With the help of Ting , we are able to put on a sponsored event on a slightly smaller scale . We also feel that SHOUTcraft works better as a weekend event rather than a 7 day tournament as we did last time . This will create a more compact , easier to watch experience for everyone.Q : Can non-continental Americas players participate ? A : Only if they can provide proof of a valid work visa or permanent residency status during the period of the competition . Student visas will not be accepted . This is to ensure firstly that there are no legal ramifications for our sponsor and secondly to maintain the integrity of the tournament as a regional event.Q : Will the tip-jar be available ? A : Yes , viewers will be able to tip their favourite players via Paypal links on http : //www.shoutcraft.com Q : Will there be an offline final ? A : This tournament will be played entirely online . Commentator Host of SHOUTcraft Clan Wars- http : //www.mlg.tv/shoutcraft
Image : Pexels
Researchers from the UK and Spain have shown that spiders are capable of tuning their webs , allowing these eight-legged critters to receive specific information about their environment , including the presence of prey , potential mates , and the structural condition of the web .
Similar to the strings of a finely tuned instrument , each strand of spider silk transmits vibrations across a wide range of frequencies , which propagates throughout the web . This allows spiders , who do n't see very well , to sense the integrity of their webs , and to detect the presence of prey and mates .
Advertisement
Scientist have known about this for years , but they were n't entirely sure about the precise characteristics of these vibrations , or if spiders had any control over this cool architectural feature . To learn more , researchers from Oxford University and Universidad Carlos III de Madrid explored the links between the material properties of spider webs and how vibrations propagate through the silken strands . Their study , which now appears in the Journal of the Royal Society Interface , demonstrates that spiders can in fact tune their webs to transmit specific messages .
Above video : The web , in addition to catching prey , signals vibrations to the spider—who reacts almost instantly upon impact .
Advertisement
Using high-powered lasers to measure the ultra-small vibrations , the researchers isolated three particular web features that allow spiders to turn their traps into data transmitters : web tension , silk stiffness , and overall web architecture . Importantly , spiders are able to manipulate all three of these characteristics .
For example , both transverse waves , i.e . waves that vibrate at right angles to the direction of its spread , and longitudinal waves , i.e . waves that vibrate in the direction of propagation , can be adjusted , or tuned , by the spider when it adjusts the web 's tension and the stiffness of the web 's outer rim and spokes , known as the dragline . In fact , spider webs are so customizable , the researchers hypothesize that specific features of silk evolved for this very purpose .
“ [ We ] propose that dragline silk [ features ] may have evolved as a control mechanism for these multifunctional fibres , ” write the authors in their study . “ The various degrees of active influence on web engineering reveals the extraordinary ability of spiders to shape the physical properties of their self-made materials and architectures to affect biological [ i.e . data transmission ] functionality . ”
Advertisement
So when a spider builds its web , it 's not just constructing a trap and blindly hoping its design will lend itself well to the propagation of specific vibrations . Rather , the spider is working like a diligent engineer , building a stable web that performs its primary trapping function , while also optimizing the web 's ability to relay critical information . It 's essentially constructing—and then fine-tuning—its web to be a multi-function device .
At the same time , the spider has to constantly balance trade-offs between the structural integrity of the web and the web 's ability to transmit signals at specific frequencies .
Wow . Spiders are truly amazing .
[ Journal of the Royal Society Interface ]
After showcases in China in July and the US earlier this month , Huawei concluded the Honor 8 's global tour at an event in Paris and launched the glass-backed phone for the European market .
At £369.99 in Europe and $ 399 in the US , the Honor 8 is priced to creep into the top tier of the smartphone market at a price point that does n't force it into side-by-side showdowns with the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S7 or LG G5 .
Instead , the Honor 8 is part of a growing league of flagship assassins meant to steal the hearts of those not set on bagging a $ 600-700 smartphone . It compares more favorably with ZTE 's Axon 7 and other devices that are just a tad too feature rich for the mid tier of the market .
The 5.2-inch , full HD Honor 8 is built on a diamond-cut metal frame and encased in glass composed of 15 layers . Between those layers are lithographic , 3D print grating to create prisms within the phone 's glass back .
Beyond its own beauty , the Honor 8 is more than capable of faithfully rendering the world around it with its 12MP dual-camera setup poking out of its glass back and an 8 MP secondary camera on its face .
The Honor 8 's primary shooter captures pixels 1.25 microns in size — that 's slightly bigger than the iPhone 6s , but do n't bank on it performing better than the iPhone in low light situations .
It 's “ a promising prospect – for its category – when it comes to taking snapshots , ” we wrote in our hands-on review of the Honor 8
Elsewhere in the Honor 8 , there 's an octa-core Kirin CPU that 's backed by an i5 coprocessor and a Mali-T880 MP4 GPU . And it 's stocked with 4GB of RAM . It also includes a fingerprint scanner , a Type-C USB port , a 3,000 mAh battery and support for fast charging .
In Europe , the Honor 8 will only come its 32 GB configuration . Consumers in the US and China have access to both the 32 and 64 GB varieties of the phone .
( CNN ) There may be water -- a good bit of it -- deep inside the moon , scientists at Brown University say .
By analyzing satellite images , the scientists found evidence of water trapped in `` glass beads '' in ancient ash and rocks that volcanoes spewed across the surface of the moon , said Ralph Milliken , lead author of the new research , published in Nature Geoscience , and an associate professor in Brown 's Department of Earth , Environmental and Planetary Sciences .
`` The fact that nearly all of them ( the volcanic deposits ) exhibit signatures of water suggests ... that the bulk interior of the moon is wet , '' they said in a news release .
This finding might be a boon for future missions to the moon because water could potentially be extracted from the volcanic deposits , Milliken told CNN .
Though the volcanic glass beads do n't contain much water -- maybe a few hundred parts per million -- there 's a great deal of the volcanic material to work with , Millliken told CNN . Some fields of this volcanic refuse cover thousands of square kilometers and may be several meters deep , they said .
`` It 's more water than previously recognized , '' they said .
Volcanic glass beads
Previous findings of water on the moon did n't appear to come from indigenous sources , Milliken said .
In 2009 , NASA announced it had found water on the moon . One ton of the moon 's surface might yield 32 ounces , NASA scientists said .
Scientists speculated those crystals might have been created by solar winds that interacted with hydrogen at high altitudes , Milliken said . There are also small amounts of frozen water at the moon 's poles , they said .
Scientists believed the moon was dry when the Apollo missions started in the 1960s . That thinking changed in 2008 when volcanic glass beads brought back by the Apollo 15 and 17 missions of 1971 and 1972 were found to contain tiny crystalline formations that contained water , the Brown news release said .
But nobody knew if those Apollo samples represented the whole moon or just unusual spots on an otherwise dry surface , Milliken said .
Scientists at Brown took another look at images of the moon 's surface retrieved from the Moon Mineralogy Mapper , an imaging spectrometer that flew aboard India 's Chandrayaan-1 lunar orbiter in 2008 .
These images showed materials never examined by the Apollo missions . After developing a `` thermal correction '' that separated the readings of reflected light and heat , scientists were able to collect data showing evidence of the glass beads in nearly all the volcanic deposits spread across the moon , Brown said .
`` The distribution of these water-rich deposits is the key thing , '' Milliken said in the news release . `` They 're spread across the surface , which tells us that the water found in the Apollo samples is n't a one-off . ''
The study was funded by NASA .
`` The new results from Milliken and Li show that the water is widespread , found in numerous pyroclastic deposits across the lunar surface , suggesting that the lunar mantle has significant amounts of water , not just in a couple of weird pockets , '' said Sarah Noble , program scientist at NASA Headquarters in Washington . `` This implies that either the moon managed to retain significant amounts of water after the giant impact , or that volatile-rich material accreted to the moon ( and the Earth as well ) soon after the impact .
`` Although the amount of water found by the authors is significant in terms of our understanding of the moon and how we model the lunar interior , it is still a very small amount , around 0.015 % of the soil . ''
Is it worth the cost ?
Man has not set foot on the moon since the Apollo 17 mission in December 1972 . Milliken said the moon could serve humankind , even if we do n't want to stay there for very long .
`` If we want to send people to Mars , you might consider using the moon as a stepping stone for training or testing equipment , '' they said . `` If you do that you 'll need water . It 's heavy and expensive to lift off Earth . ''
But can the water actually be extracted and would it be worth the cost ? That 's one of the big questions about the discovery , they said .
And how did the water get on the moon in the first place ?
Scientists think the moon was created by debris left behind when a planet-sized object slammed into the Earth , Milliken said .
`` The growing evidence for water inside the moon suggests that water did somehow survive , or that it was brought in shortly after the impact by asteroids or comets before the moon had completely solidified , '' Shuai Li , a co-author of the research and a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Hawaii , said in the news release . `` The exact origin of water in the lunar interior is still a big question . ''
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
Sony 's PlayStation Network problems have worsened further still this week following the release of the 2.0 update for PlayStation 4 .
Since Tuesday , PSN has become unstable with users unable to log in and occasionally disconnected from the service . The downtime affects connections with games , shopping , and some apps .
`` We are aware of issues reported by some PS4 users following the release of PS4 's latest system software update , v2.00 , '' a Sony spokesperson told GameSpot .
`` We are investigating these issues and will provide an update as soon as we have more information . ''
Meanwhile , the racing game Driveclub has now entered its third week of connection problems , cementing the launch 's legacy as a disaster . The development team at Evolution Studios has been communicative and working hard to fix the problems , though users are still reporting back with log-in problems .
The studio also says the PS Plus Edition of the game , which was due to arrive on the week of the game 's full release , is `` on hold . ''
Compounding the problems further is the apparent confusion in what caused the Driveclub problems in the first place . Initially , Evolution said the problem was not capacity but a buggy netcode , but on Facebook the studio has now said capacity was the problem .
`` The servers hit their absolute limit soon after the midnight launch on Oct 7 and we have been working around the clock every day since , to get more servers online and improve the way that the servers handle social activity between players , '' the studio wrote .
`` The PS Plus Edition is on hold while this work progresses and we want to get it back on track as quickly as possible , because we want everyone to enjoy the game we 've poured our hearts into throughout development . ''
Further reading : 26 Essential Facts on PS4 's 2.0 Update , Masamune
Sometimes you can hear talk of an author , and everything you hear is so very , very encouraging – But , it still takes you time to get around to reading their work . That is exactly what has happened to me with Mercedes M. Yardley . All the talk has been so incredibly positive ; I 'd heard great things about Apocalyptic Montessa and Nuclear Lulu : A tale of Atomic Love , but still I had n't gotten round to reading it . In fact Mercedes recently won the 2013 Reddit “ Stabby ” award for best short fiction of the year for the novella . So , when the chance came to check out Mercedes ' latest offering , I admit , I jumped at the chance .
Nameless : The Darkness Comes is the first book of Mercedes ' planned Bone Angel Trilogy . It centers on Luna : Seer of Demons . When Luna 's brother has their daughter taken by their lunatic of a mother , complete with attached demon , Luna takes it upon themselves to try and rescue the girl . Along the way they are ‘ aided ' by a love interest they refuse to call solely by their first name in Reed Taylor , and the only Demon they have ever trusted in Mouth ( a fantastic , Luna-given moniker ) .
There are some dark situations along the way ; certainly not for the squeamish . But they are balanced well with Luna 's on and off romance with Reed Taylor and some great back and forth with the Demons in general ; the fun is not purely restricted to Mouth . The story ties up nicely at the end , while successfully wanting you to know more ; it seems the fun is only just getting started . You 're left wanting to read more… Right now .
The story itself is a strong one . It flows very well , making it very , very hard to put down . The ability to merge dark fantasy with elements of humor is not easy , but Mercedes makes it all look so effortless . Witty one-liners and retorts were common enough to endear the reader to Luna , without becoming too common place as to detract from the character or indeed the story . Added to this in Luna , Mercedes has created one of the best protagonists I have come across in a long time . Equal parts Stubborn and Sarcastic . Perfect . For all that they have gone through , and continues to do so ; they are still easy to relate to . The story being told through Luna , works . It just works .
It 's fair to say , I now totally get what the entire buzz is about . The guys at Ragnarok publications have got a highly-prized asset on their hands ; I 'll certainly be looking forward to the rest of Luna 's tale . But first , I am going to pick up that copy of Apocalyptic Montessa and Nuclear Lulu . I wo n't make the mistake of leaving any of Mercedes ' work unread any longer…
* * * * 4 ½ STARS
Paul
Mercedes ' Author Page Amazon
In the first week of the trial against former CIA officer Jeffrey Sterling , prosecutors have presented details about an operation involving a Russian asset who secretly provided Iran with flawed blueprints for a nuclear weapon . Sterling is accused of leaking classified information that exposed this operation . Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has also taken the witness stand and testified about how President George W. Bush instructed them to convince the New York Times to not publish a story revealing the CIA operation .
Sterling is alleged to have provided information to Times reporter James Risen on a classified program that the government claims was “ intended to impede Iran 's efforts to acquire or develop nuclear weapons , ” which Risen detailed in their book , State of War .
The former CIA officer is charged with committing ten felonies , seven of which fall under the Espionage Act . The other charges include mail fraud and obstruction of justice .
Josh Gerstein of POLITICO reported on January 15 that Rice testified about the Bush administration 's effort to “ kill ” the Times ' story on the operation known as Operation Merlin and also prevent Risen from reporting anything about it .
Rice was “ gravely concerned ” to learn that the Times had found out about this operation . “ The president talked about it and decided I should ask the New York Times leadership to come to the White House for a meeting to discuss why that story should not be published , ” Rice recalled .
They added that the operation was “ one of the only levers that we believed we had—that that president had—to try to disrupt the Iranian nuclear program . ”
Rice maintained , according to talking points they used during the April 2003 meeting , “ This information in the wrong hands could easily lead to the death of a US citizen and conceivably contribute to the deaths of millions of innocent victims of a foreign nuclear weapons program . ”
The Bush administration succeeded in killing the story , and the operation was not exposed until three years later when Risen 's book was published . ( Jill Abramson , then-chief of New York Times ' Washington Bureau , has said they regret not backing a “ great reporter ” and folding under government pressure . )
The testimony from Rice was potentially intended to convince the jury that the government had gone to great lengths to keep the operation secret . Plus , their testimony makes it possible to argue the Times did not even think the public interest value was worth the risks posed by publishing the story .
Journalist Marcy Wheeler , who has been reporting on the Sterling trial for ExposeFacts.org , reported on testimony on January 14 . Bob S. , a longtime CIA operations manager who has worked on “ weapons of mass destruction , ” went through several cables related to Operation Merlin to help prosecutors argue everything had been done carefully because Risen presented it as a botched effort in their book . Prosecutors had Bob S. testify to the accuracy of numerous paragraphs from Chapter 9 in State of War .
The top counter-proliferation official confirmed that between 2001 and 2003 the CIA “ had used the Russian dubbed Merlin to approach ‘ other countries believed to be interested in WMD . ' ”
Bob S , and a national lab scientist , Walter C , also testified , according to Wheeler :
… [ T ] he CIA and national lab were very intent to build something that looked like a Russian schematic , complete with gaps in information that might arise from Russia 's compartmented nuclear development system ( for some reason they had no concern that this would identify the other Russian asset involved in the operation , whose knowledge tracked that gap ) . In addition , purportedly , they were trying to hide that the Russian called Merlin at the trial — who had a post office box set up to correspond with potential targets , presumably in the US , and who emailed potential targets from the US — was in the US . In spite of both these details , however , they insisted on keeping the parts list — on what was supposed to be a Russian schematic reconstituted from a Russian lab — in English .
Walter C admitted they had never seen a Russian parts list in English before . They also mentioned information suggesting that the CIA or the nation 's weapons labs happen to operate a “ system of Red Teams , ” which test dodgy nuclear blueprints . The defense attempted to ask questions about this , but the government objected and the judge sustained the objection , even though the government had brought it up in court .
Much of these details about Operation Merlin are insignificant to whether Sterling is guilty or not . Judge Leonie Brinkema has made it clear that “ all the government has to do is prove Sterling is one of Risen 's sources , regardless of however many other sources they might have. ” But Wheeler contends that the CIA is seeking to repair its reputation through this trial and that is why so much is being presented about this operation in court .
“ Unusual security measures , ” according to Gerstein , have been adopted . “ A seven-foot high folding screen and an office divider ” have been “ used to block spectators ' view of the witnesses ” while they are on the witness stand . “ Security personnel instructed those in the gallery to stay out of seats where the witnesses might be visible . ”
Lawyers , the judge and Sterling , along with the jury , are able to see each witness . A few CIA staffers who have been in the gallery can see the witnesses too . But the public can not see some of the CIA employees being cross-examined and “ each time a spectator ” enters the courtroom and attempts to sit in “ unscreened seats ” the security personnel panic .
Prosecutor James Trump during opening argument on January 13 characterized Sterling 's act as one done by a “ bitter ” and “ angry ” man who was seeking “ revenge. ” The government maintains that the African-American case officer was upset after they brought a racial discrimination lawsuit against the CIA and had it dismissed after the government invoked state secrets .
They were the case officer for the Russian nuclear engineer who was involved in relaying the flawed blueprints to Iran and prosecutors claim they “ put the Russian 's life in jeopardy ” and , as Gerstein wrote , “ led other foreigners to have doubts about working with the CIA . ”
Edward MacMahon , Sterling 's defense attorney , stated during open argument that Sterling never “ betrayed their country. ” They cast them as a whistleblower and maintained , “ You 're not going to see an e-mail [ relaying information to Risen . ] You 're not going to hear a phone call . It does n't exist. ” They added , “ What we really have is a cloud that needs to be lifted off Mr. Sterling . ”
There are no African-Americans on the jury , which is composed of seven men and seven women .
The New York Times reported that the defense has “ raised a legal technicality that could sink the case : Prosecutors must prove that a crime was committed in Virginia , where the case was filed . Mr. Sterling was living in New York at the time , while Mr. Risen worked in Washington and lived in Maryland . ”
Norman Solomon , also writing about the trial for ExposeFacts.org , characterized it as more like “ National Security State v. The Public 's Right to Know ” than the US v. Jeffrey Alexander Sterling .
All of the government witnesses testifying for the government seem to believe the CIA can do no wrong and are all participating in an effort to make an example out of Sterling . After all , Leon Panetta , John Brennan and David Petraeus are each former CIA directors who have been accused of leaks and they never faced any repercussions or consequences .
Solomon argued , “ The CIA hierarchy continues to have no interest in accepting responsibility for its deceptions , no matter how horrific the results . But the agency has been hell-bent on making a scapegoat out of Sterling , a mid-level employee who was one of the agency 's very few African American case officers . ”
Photo from West Point – The US Military Academy and in the public domain .
Building a Game with Dart and StageXL — Part 1
An introduction to the Dart programming language
Nathan Kerr Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 14 , 2016
If you 'd like to skip to the start of the tutorial , jump down to the “ Getting Started with Dart ” section .
Why Dart
When deciding to make a game , you have many different choices ranging from what language to use to what platforms to target . Should you build your own game engine or use a “ drag-and-drop ” program ? Just looking at free game engines , there are more choices than you can count and that 's not even looking at the commercial ones .
So , why choose Dart ? Well , it does n't cost anything so that 's a good start . It 's a programming language developed by Google but is open source . It has the backing of a major company while also allowing others to influence its growth .
Dart can be compiled to JavaScript so it can run on a browser . It can also be run on a regular computer , IoT ( Internet of Things ) devices like Arduino ( see note for updated information ) , mobile platforms and more .
JavaScript : The Good Parts vs . The Definite Guide
Why not JavaScript ?
Do n't get me wrong , I sling JavaScript for my day job . But I 'm not super into the language . For one , it was designed and developed in just a week or so and it has multiple problems as a result . One example is that you should n't ever use the equality operator
==
and should always use the strict equality operator
===
JavaScript has the advantage that it is much more widely known with many thousands if not millions of lines of code being written every day . But all that comes at a cost . Do a quick Google for “ JavaScript fatigue ” . After that , search for “ JavaScript fatigue fatigue ” . Seriously . It 's all kinds of messed up .
Dart solves a lot of JavaScript 's problems by being a language that has more than a modicum of thought being put towards language ergonomics , developer productivity and performance .
Getting started with Dart
To install the Dart SDK and get going , I 'll defer to the official Dart site .
If you 're already familiar with programming , feel free to skim .
Dart is a programming language inspired by Java , C # , JavaScript and other like-minded languages . That means if you 've seen code from those languages , Dart should be pretty easy to grasp .
I 'm going to assume no knowledge of programming just so we can build a base for these tutorials .
Do n't worry , we 're not doing this .
Computers 101
Computers need to be told what to do , otherwise they would just sit there and burn up electricity . The main work horse of the computer is the CPU . This is the piece if hardware inside your computer that is usually made by Intel or AMD .
The CPU only thinks in a limited set of instructions . These instructions are things like “ multiply these values together and store the result somewhere ” .
As a resource , the CPU has access to “ registers ” . These act like the CPU 's workspace . Almost every instruction deals with changing the information in these registers in one manner or another ( like multiplying them as in the previous paragraph ) .
As another resource , the CPU has access to “ memory ” . Memory is like the CPU 's table . It can store and retrieve information from memory .
Programming 101
To tell the CPU what instructions to run , people used to have to directly write the instructions using “ machine language ” . Essentially writing ones and zeroes that the CPU could understand .
They got tired of that quickly and created “ assembly language ” . This was pretty much just taking the ones and zeroes of machine language and turning them into words that humans could understand . For example , instead of having to write
10110
To mean “ multiply ” they would write
mult 1 , 2
All of a sudden , humans could look at code and actually read what it was doing !
Of course now the CPU could n't understand it so the people had to write a “ compiler ” . A compiler essentially translates code into a form that the computer can understand .
Well , this assembly language was great , but it was still hard to program more abstract ideas , so some people came up with an idea to create another language that would compile to assembly language which they then could compile into machine code .
And so languages like C were born . Now programmers could write a multiply like this
x = 2 * 3
Which is even easier to read than assembly language ! Plus , it has the benefit of abstracting away the underlying CPU making it easier to take code written for one type of computer and have it work on multiple types of computers .
Programs were written in a procedural style , meaning the program was executed starting at the top of the file and going line by line to the end . To help with solving more complex problems , a new style was invented : object-oriented .
This allowed the programmer to think of code as discreet pieces of functionality and then to combine that functionality in new and interesting ways .
Eventually programmers got tired of doing the low level work required by those languages like having to manage memory and worrying about pointers so they invented languages that handled memory and pointers for you .
Dart is one of those languages : it 's higher level than C/C++ , it has its own garbage collector ( memory management ) and is object-oriented . The downside to those nice things ? Performance . Languages like Dart are slower than C/C++ which is slower than assembly language . But the trade off is developer productivity .
Dart 101
Let 's start with a simple program . All programs exist to solve some problem , so let 's define a problem to solve :
As the developer , I want the phrase “ Hello , world ! ” to appear on my monitor .
Granted , this is n't a problem like world hunger , but I always find it helpful to fully define the why of my programs so I can be sure I 'm working towards the correct goal .
Now that we have defined our problem , let 's talk about how to solve it using Dart . I 'm going to assume some basics here : we 're developing on a computer that has a keyboard and monitor and has Dart available to use .
Dart can be run by typing “ dart ” in your terminal and hitting enter . ( If you need help at this point , like you do n't know how to get to your terminal or you ca n't run Dart , do some quick googling and you should be able to figure out . ) You should see some information on how to use Dart .
Unfortunately Dart does n't know about our problem and is n't very helpful yet because we have n't told it how to solve the problem . Let 's do that .
Open a text editor ; you 'll want to use something that saves as plain text . Something like Notepad . In this text editor we 're going to write the Dart instructions to “ fix ” our problem .
All Dart programs need to have a “ start ” , this is called the “ main ” function . Write the following ( or copy and paste it ) :
main ( ) {
}
Let 's talk about what this means . The word “ main ” is special to Dart and says to start here . The parenthesizes ( ) mean that this is a “ function ” . Functions are a way to break up our code into smaller pieces . There 's more to them , but we 'll just accept that for now and move on .
Next up is the curly braces { } . Curly braces are used to group lines of code together in a “ block ” . Basically it tells Dart that the code inside the braces belongs all together . Here it means that all the code in-between them belongs to the main function .
Believe it or not , but we have a complete program ! Let 's run it ! Save the program and in your terminal navigate to where the code has been saved and type “ dart file ” ( replace file with whatever you named it ) . Congratulations ! Nothing happened !
Remember those curly braces from the main function ? And how they 're supposed to group code together ? Well , we totally failed to put any actual code in there so Dart dutifully did exactly as we commanded and did nothing .
How about we put something in there ? Going back to our problem , we need a way to make text appear on the screen . In Dart , the way to do that is to use the “ print ” function .
The print function is a function just like our main function . But unlike our main , we 're not going to define it , rather we are going to use it . This is the beauty of functions . Instead of writing the same code over and over , we can just define a function that has the code and use that function over and over !
The print function has already been defined for us because it 's such a common thing that the Dart creators put one built-in to the language . On to how to use it and , by extension , how to use functions in general .
We use , or call , functions by typing the function name , followed by an opening parenthesis “ ( “ , then anything we want to tell the function and then closing with the matching parenthesis “ ) ” . For our problem , it would look like this :
print ( `` Hello , world ! '' )
Exciting ! Now , what 's up with the quotes around our sentence ? Well , computers ca n't tell the difference between the words we 're using to write the program and the words we want to say . To solve that problem , we use something called a “ string ” . A string in Dart is text surrounded by quotes ( you can use single- or double-quotes as long as the start and end match ) .
For us , that means that we want the string “ Hello , world ! ” to be printed to the screen . We put that in-between the parenthesizes because we 're telling print what we want it to do .
Let 's add that line to our program :
main ( ) {
print ( `` Hello , world ! '' )
}
Now save and run it again like before . What ? Now it 's complaining ? Ah yes , we forgot one thing . Just like when you 're reading , you like to be told when a sentence is over with a period . In fact , I just used one ! Well , Dart feels the same way about the code you write . It wants you to tell it when a command ends . In Dart , this is done by having a semicolon “ ; ” after the code . Note that it does n't go after blocks ! Just the individual lines of code .
Here 's our code with the semicolon :
main ( ) {
print ( `` Hello , world ! `` ) ;
}
Save and run that . Success ! We have now “ solved ” our problem ! And you 've successfully written your first Dart program ! Now was that so hard ?
I 'm using Windows , but you can see my code and then what happens when I run it . This will look different on Mac and Linux , but should essentially be the same .
That wraps it up for this part of the tutorial . In the next part , we 'll dive into making much more interesting programs to solve much more interesting problems .
A Munith man was in fair condition Monday in a South Carolina hospital after surviving an estimated 9,000-foot fall a day earlier in the basket of their hot-air balloon .
The fall occurred as experienced pilot Chuck Walz was flying in the Great Southeast Balloon Fest in Anderson , S.C. Their balloon deflated and was flapping back and forth until it landed in an oak tree in an Anderson neighborhood , said Sgt . Adam Zenoni of the Anderson Fire Department .
Although the branches cushioned Walz 's fall Sunday morning , the impact threw them from the basket about 12 feet from the ground . They were conscious when a rescue team arrived .
`` The ( basket ) snapped a branch that was about 10 inches in diameter , '' Zenoni said . `` If they had n't landed in that tree , it would have been a lot different of an outcome . I do n't think they would have survived without the tree . ''
Marvin TenBrink , a member of Walz 's crew in the balloon fest , said Walz gave them the thumbs-up when they arrived at the scene of the crash landing .
`` I knew we had a good guy there that was n't ready to be taken , '' TenBrink told The Greenville ( S.C. ) News .
Efforts to reach Walz were unsuccessful Monday . One of their family members said Walz hopes to be transferred to the University of Michigan Hospital , but would stay overnight in the South Carolina hospital .
David Seekell of Jackson has flown in ballooning competitions for 14 years with Walz , whom they described as a highly skilled pilot . They said the local balloonist community was shocked to hear the news .
`` Everybody I 've talked to that 's down there , or has talked with them or their family , has said that they are in good spirits , laughing , joking and being their old self , '' Seekell said .
`` We call them 'Chuckles ' because he 's always smiling and they always have a pleasant thing to say to you . ''
Walz was one of about 90 pilots flying in the Great Southeast Balloon Fest , a national competition that tests navigational abilities , event coordinator Dan Stukas said . The competition has not had a similar incident in any of the last nine years that Anderson County has hosted the event , they said .
The National Transportation Safety Board has assigned an investigator to determine what caused the balloon to deflate , spokesperson Peter Knudson said . The board 's investigation will take six to 12 months .
Walz is a utility technician and weighmaster for the Jackson County Road Commission . They have worked for the commission for about 30 years , Road Commission Chairman Anthony Philipps said .
Phillips said they were awaiting more information about Walz 's condition .
Kaitlyn Hunt in an undated personal photo Facebook
( CBS ) SEBASTIAN , Fla. - A Florida state attorney says the charges against Kaitlyn Hunt , an 18-year-old high school student who engaged in a same-sex relationship with a 14-year-old classmate , will not be dropped , despite petitions from the public , CBS affiliate WTSP reports .
PICTURES : Fla. teen charged over underage same-sex relationship
Hunt has been expelled from Sebastian River High School in Sebastian , Fla. and is charged with two counts of lewd and lascivious battery of a child 12 to 16 years of age as a result of the relationship .
The case began in February when Hunt was arrested and charged after the younger girl 's parents notified authorities , reportedly when Hunt turned 18 . Since then , the story has garnered national attention for what some say is a gay rights issue .
Kelly Hunt Smith , Kaitlyn 's mother , created a Facebook page to gain support for their daughter in an effort to get the charges dropped , the station says . The page , entitled `` Free Kate , '' had over 30,000 members as of early Tuesday .
Smith posted on the page that the girlfriend 's parents `` conspired with police to entrap Katilyn '' because they disapproved of the relationship .
A similar petition on Change.org was set up by Kaitlyn 's father , Steven Hunt , and has more than 56,500 supporters calling for prosecutors to drop the charges .
Steven Hunt claims their daughter 's relationship with the 14-year-old girl was consensual and that the girlfriend 's parents went to police because they blamed Katilyn for their child 's homosexuality , WTSP reports .
The Indian River County Sheriff 's Office held a press conference Monday in response to the public 's uproar .
`` If this was an 18-year-old male and that was a 14-year-old girl , it would have been prosecuted the same way , '' Indian River County Sheriff Deryl Loar said .
According to the station , Florida 's law says any person who engages in sexual activity with a minor between the ages of 12 and 16 commits the crime of lewd and lascivious battery .
`` The idea is to protect people in that vulnerable group from people who are older , 18 and above , '' Bruce Colton , state attorney for Florida 's 19th circuit , said , according to the station . `` ... The statute specifically says that consent is not a defense . ''
Colton said prosecutors will not drop the charges based on the public petition . They said this case exemplifies the purpose of the current law and added they would not support any effort to make consensual relationships among peers legal , the station reports .
`` There 's a big maturity difference between them , '' they said . `` You 're talking the difference between a senior in high school and a first-year student in high school . That 's what the law is designed to protect . ''
The second-degree felony charges are reportedly punishable by up to 15 years in prison and could require the individual to register as a sex offender . Colton told WTSP Hunt has until Friday to accept a plea agreement that would subject them to two years of house arrest followed by a year of probation .
According to an arrest affidavit obtained by WTSP , Kaitlyn and their girlfriend began dating in November 2012 . The victim reportedly told police they began a sexual relationship and according to the report , the victim was 14 and Kaitlyn was 18 .
As part of the investigation , Indian River county detectives reportedly a recorded phone call between the two high school students to develop grounds for an arrest . In the call , Kaitlyn told the girl they loved her , the station reports .
Complete coverage of Kaitlyn Hunt on Crimesider
Do n't be too confident in the correctness of your Christian beliefs—they 're just the reflection of your culture . You 'd be a Muslim if you were born in Pakistan ( or Saudi Arabia or Iran or in any other overwhelmingly Muslim country ) .
This argument feels right—it 's hard to imagine a baby born in Yemen growing up as anything but a Muslim—but let 's put our confidence in this argument on hold until we explore some popular objections .
Objection 1 : The argument fails when stated in absolute terms . There are people born in Pakistan and Somalia who grow up to not be Muslims . Some come from Christian communities , and some grow up to reject the Islam of their birth . Ayaan Hirsi Ali ( raised as a Muslim in Somalia ) is one well-known example . And a large fraction of the American atheist community must 've rejected their Christian upbringing .
You 're right . We 're talking about a tendency or correlation , not a certainty . “ You 'd be a Muslim if you were born in Pakistan ” is a concise way to express the observation , but it is n't precisely correct . Better would be : “ People tend to reflect the religion of their environment. ” Or : “ We find a very strong correlation between belief and the environment of the believer . Why is that ? ”
While adults can switch religions , this is rare . The recent Pew Research study of the changes in world religions estimates that of the 8.1 billion believers in 2050 , just 65 million ( less than one percent ) will have switched into their belief ( chart ) .
People do n't pick their religion by throwing a dart at a grid of the hundreds or thousands of religions of history . They do n't even roll the dice and pick a religion based on its popularity at the moment ( 31 % Christian , 23 % Muslim , 15 % Hindu , etc. ) . The religion of young adults is very strongly correlated with that of their culture .
Objection 2 : So there 's a correlation ; so what ? Does it therefore prove one 's religious beliefs are false ? This is the genetic fallacy ( think “ genesis ” —the genetic fallacy criticizes an argument based on where it comes from ) .
No , this argument does n't prove anything . It simply points out a correlation that must be explained .
Objection 3 : A pro-Christian argument stands on its own . When I present an argument for Christianity , you must respond to the premises . Let 's say I 'm biased—so what ? That does nothing to prove my argument wrong .
Agreed , but your arguments are n't the issue . Here I 'm presenting the argument , that upbringing correlates with belief and therefore religion looks like nothing more than a cultural custom .
Objection 4 : The atheist is hoist with their own petard . The argument applies to the atheist as well . Was the atheist raised in an atheist environment ? Then their conclusions about religion must be as suspect as those of the Muslim raised in Pakistan . Was the atheist instead raised in a religious environment ? Then since the atheist is confident in their beliefs , adults can then be trusted to correctly wade through the possibilities , Christians as well as others .
Imagine four people . One has malaria , one smallpox , one yellow fever , and one is healthy . Which of these is the odd man out ? “ Healthy ” is n't a kind of sickness just like bald is n't a kind of hair color . We do n't see four people with different sorts of sickness ; rather , we see three people sick and one healthy .
The symmetry that you imagine does n't exist . Children raised in a religion-free environment usually are n't atheists because they were taught to be atheists but because they were not taught to be religious . By contrast , Christians are Christian because they were taught . Remove tradition and religious books , and Christianity would vanish . There is no objective knowledge from which to rebuild it . No supernatural beliefs are self-evident . ( I explore religions vanishing in such a scenario here . )
Remember the chart of religious switching mentioned above . Religions must continually get new recruits to thrive , and switching as adults is n't where they get them . They get them through childhood indoctrination : they get them through making new babies ( discussed more here ) .
These four objections are representative of the dust raising that I 've found on the internet in response to this argument . But when the dust settles , the problem remains . The strong correlation between adult beliefs and environment must be answered : almost all religious adults got their religion from their families , friends , or elsewhere in their environment .
Glass House rebuttal
Christians must be careful about pushing back too much . If they deny that the correlation between upbringing and adult belief means much , they 're left explaining why there are 26 countries that are 95+ % Muslim and eight that are 99+ % Muslim . Is it because the claims of Islam are correct ? Or is it ( dare I say it ? ) that people tend to adopt the religion of their culture ?
What explains this ?
Religion is a cultural trait like customs , fashion , or traditional foods . If there really were a god , we would expect people to be drawn to the true religion over all the others because its claims were supported by far better evidence , not that people would mirror their environment and religions would fill their ranks by indoctrinating children before their critical thinking skills are developed .
Religion is like language . I speak English because I was raised in the United States . I did n't evaluate all the languages of the world before I picked the best one ; it was just part of my environment .
Language , customs , fashion , and food are n't things that are evaluated on a correct/incorrect scale . English is n't any more correct than French or Chinese or Farsi ; it 's just what some people are accustomed to . It 's not incorrect to understand or speak or prefer French ; it 's just uncommon in the United States .
In the United States , one speaks English—not everyone , of course , but mostly . And in the United States , one is a Christian—not everyone , of course , but mostly . There 's no value judgment behind either one . Religion and language are simply properties of society .
How thoughtful of God to arrange matters so that ,
wherever you happen to be born ,
the local religion always turns out to be the true one.— Richard Dawkins
Image credit : Arian Zwegers , flickr , CC
The author , in a public interview in New York Tuesday , jokes about 'Fifty Shades of Grey . '
J.K. Rowling attends photocall ahead of their reading from 'The Casual Vacancy ' on Sept. 27 , its release date . ( Photo11 : Ben Pruchnie , Getty Images ) Story Highlights 'This is like a Stones concert '
J.K. Rowling and Ann Patchett joke about 'Fifty Shades '
'The Casual Vacancy ' not for young readers , Rowling says
NEW YORK — J.K. Rowling quipped Tuesday about the difference between The Casual Vacancy , their first post-Harry Potter novel for grown-ups , and another kind of adult best seller : E.L. James ' erotic Fifty Shades of Grey .
`` The difference is that people have sex in my book , but no one enjoys it , '' Rowling told 2,500 cheering fans at an event at a Manhattan theater .
Rowling also said :
— They dreaded writing several scenes in their new novel , about social and political divisions in a small English town , particularly a rape , but `` it had to happen . It was there for a reason . ''
— Them new novel `` might be appropriate for the right 14- or 15-year-old , but not any younger than that . '' But parents , they added , should discuss the reasons with their children that it 's inappropriate .
— Them the biggest challenge in moving from young readers to adults was n't `` about writing in a contemporary world , in a real world , '' but getting `` the structure '' right of a novel without a central character .
Rowling 's conversation on stage with the novelist Ann Patchett ( State of Wonder ) , who owns a bookstore in Nashville , was their first public event in the U.S. for their new novel .
It drew a screaming crowd that gave Rowling a standing ovation as they walked on stage , prompting Patchett to say , `` This is like a Stones concert . ''
Patchett , `` as a writer and bookseller , '' praised Rowling `` for doing more for reading than anyone else in my lifetime and for single-handedly keeping an industry alive . ''
`` No , no , no , '' Rowling replied . `` That 's way too much responsibility . ''
The two authors sat on a stage normally used by the New York City Ballet and often drew laughs , especially when Patchett mentioned the double meaning of `` adult novel . ''
Both Rowling and Patchett shared they had n't read Fifty Shades .
`` Everyone tells me the writing is terrible , '' Patchett said .
`` But that 's porn , '' Rowling shot back to laughter . `` Have you ever read The Story of O ? ''
`` I went to Catholic school , '' Patchett confessed .
`` You 'd like it even more , '' Rowling replied .
The Casual Vacancy , which landed at No . 1 on USA TODAY 's Best-Selling Books list and dropped to No . 4 last week , has gotten mixed reviews from critics , who have called it everything from dull to brilliant . But that was n't mentioned Tuesday .
When Rowling said they feared some readers may have missed the humor in The Casual Vacancy , Patchett said `` it is a story not between evil and good , but between evil and funny . ''
The crowd was predominantly female , mostly between 20 and 40 , the generation that grew up on the Potter series .
Among them was Catherine Warren , 19 , who had come all the way from the University of Georgia , where she 's a sophomore , to pay homage to the writer `` who 's just so great . ''
Warren remembered how their mother read to them the first two Potter novels `` when I was in first or second grade , but then I finished them myself as the years went by . ''
Warren said she 's 100 pages into The Casual Vacancy `` and so far so good . '' They said she 'd loved to read `` more about Harry Potter 's world '' — which Rowling has said they wo n't do — then added , `` I understand what 's done is done . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/Wuqmsf
The BSE Sensex jumped over 400 points near 28,600 , while the 50-share Nifty surged over 115 points as markets rebounded after a 7-day losing streak on Tuesday .
The gains came even as trends showed that the anti-corruption Aam Aadmi Party is heading for a landslide victory in the 70-seat Delhi assembly . AAP was leading in 63 seats ; PM Modi 's BJP was reduced to an embarrassing 6 seats . ( Catch the latest trends here )
For some investors , the rebound came as a surprise as analysts had attributed the selloff over the last few days to fears of a victory for the Aam Aadmi Party in Delhi . ( Read )
Traders , however , told NDTV that a win for the Aam Aadmi Party has been discounted by markets , which have been falling for seven straight days ; the BSE Sensex has shed nearly 1500 points in the carnage .
`` The news has got discounted ; now , markets are moving up and looking up to the Budget ... Markets have started looking ahead already , '' said market expert Ajay Bagga .
K Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediaries said markets are slightly oversold so a pullback is likely ; they advised investors to go long for the short-term .
Other analysts said a victory for AAP in Delhi is unlikely to have any impact on the government 's reform agenda , which is closely tracked by investors .
Anand Mahindra , chairperson of M & M tweeted yesterday , `` Hard to fathom the market 's hyper-nervousness . Perhaps it needs to place a higher value on the dance of democracy .. '' .
Recently beaten down banking stocks -- ICICI Bank , IDFC and State Bank of India -- were among the top Nifty gainers . Hindalco , whose European subsidiary Novalis reported a rise in profits , surged 4 per cent . DLF , which reported a drop in Q3 profits , was the top Nifty loser .
Analysts say global cues may weigh on domestic markets . Most Asian markets traded in red . Stock indexes worldwide slipped on Monday on fears of Greece leaving the euro zone and concerns over conflict in Ukraine .
As of 11.34 a.m. , the Sensex traded 392 points higher at 28,619 , while the Nifty traded up 115 points at 8,642 .
So a really cool point opened up today in my social psychology class . We were looking at the tragedy of the commons , and the prisoners dilemma and ways that social psychology has found that may be useful/relevant . Both of these terms are common situations that are studied in different domains , one being Political science and another Economics .
So one point I remember I thought of in class but did not get a chance to share was that if one simply were to consider the factor of time and long term costs , then the tragedy of the commons and prisoners dilemma are straight forward . If you abuse everyone then you are giving permission to everyone else to abuse and so you guarantee that there will be drastic consequences for all , including yourself . So there is something wrong , or uneducated in the human in seeing the short term benefits , and see that through time the events that will come to pass . This is important then in educating children to plan ahead , and see how small acts have big consequences . Another interesting point that is related is how people see that there is a loss of benefit for everyone though do not emphasize ( at least my teacher ) the costs to everyone . If fisherman abuse the oceans , THEY will pay the cost ALONG with everyone else . If you abuse the group , YOU will pay the cost , it is certain and only takes time . So there are plenty reasons , obvious , commonsense , here , to not abuse at all . So one point I remember I thought of in class but did not get a chance to share was that if one simply were to consider the factor of time and long term costs , then the tragedy of the commons and prisoners dilemma are straight forward . If you abuse everyone then you are giving permission to everyone else to abuse and so you guarantee that there will be drastic consequences for all , including yourself . So there is something wrong , or uneducated in the human in seeing the short term benefits , and see that through time the events that will come to pass . This is important then in educating children to plan ahead , and see how small acts have big consequences . Another interesting point that is related is how people see that there is a loss of benefit for everyone though do not emphasize ( at least my teacher ) the costs to everyone . If fisherman abuse the oceans , THEY will pay the cost ALONG with everyone else . If you abuse the group , YOU will pay the cost , it is certain and only takes time . So there are plenty reasons , obvious , commonsense , here , to not abuse at all .
Another point is a specific study that found that when participants made verbal commitments/agreements to do something with the group , in a group context/discussion they would more likely honor their agreement , even when the abuse would not be directly seen by others . So this shows there is a sense of integrity in the human , in the power of the spoken word . This is similar to what we do at desteni , where in writing we make a verbal commitment visible to all of how we live what is best for all . There is in the study defectors/abusers though I made the point aloud in class that perhaps with a discussion whenever a member breaks a commitment to reestablish commitments will lead to less abuse/defection , though this would have to be tested and proven . Another point is a specific study that found that when participants made verbal commitments/agreements to do something with the group , in a group context/discussion they would more likely honor their agreement , even when the abuse would not be directly seen by others . So this shows there is a sense of integrity in the human , in the power of the spoken word . This is similar to what we do at desteni , where in writing we make a verbal commitment visible to all of how we live what is best for all . There is in the study defectors/abusers though I made the point aloud in class that perhaps with a discussiona member breaks a commitment to reestablish commitments will lead to less abuse/defection , though this would have to be tested and proven . - THIS IS THE STUDY -If you want access , contact me .
So what Social Psychology knows is very little . The entirety of the relationships within a human for one singular moment is not taken into consideration . Often a psychologist is motivated to find something “ new ” and if a psychologist dared to discover all relationships all points in a moment within the human and theirs relationship to the environment , then there would be nothing left for the psychologist to do… This also would require effort and attention and the psychologist is too much in fear and/or lazy to pursue this , part being their fear of survival , and that it is easier to study something narrow and in isolation without placing the necessary effort to understand all points in a singular moment .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to as society not see that abusing what is here for all , for my self-interest I will give permission for others to abuse and so create a society of abusers , that will in time lead to great costs to each one , including those who did not abuse , and so it is the simple commonsense to stop abuse for oneself and for all .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to not see the simplicity and obvious commonsense that as a prisoner in the prisoner dilemma I give permission for abuse by abusing the other and so it is to end abuse by not being a prisoner of abuse and self-ish self-interest but be honest and real so we can start recreating this world from that of abuse to trust and responsibility where no child will be afraid and all fear will be taken by adults and shown to be a system within us and so it is not accept and allow it but live and apply here .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to not see the intricate and intimate connection that fear has with abuse , where by accepting and allowing the fear of being abused we will become the monster we fear and become an abuser out of fear , where really if we stop accepting and allowing fear we realize abuse will only lead to more abuse of myself and for everyone .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to not see the self-interest in fear , as fear can be an excuse to act on one 's own self-interest/desires , as we fear to put too much effort , we fear having to dedicate and commit , we fear losing our pleasures , and so avoid then all discussion and consideration how the fear is in fact leading to abuse , and how the self-interest is leading to abuse , never questioning why we fear , what fear is for , what is fear hiding ? ? ?
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to not see how small acts have big consequences , that this reality is REALLY a Reflection of ourselves , as the current state of the economy and War , and fighting , poverty , and suffering/abuse , is all revealing points we are seeing as “ ok ” within us and are accepting and allowing , where , one example is to deny this world as real by calling it an illusion and so revealing we are denying self at a chance of life and living and getting to know intimately , for the first time who self is underneath the years of layering , all points , and each layer .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing a world where the purpose of psychology is not for immediate support and interventions that create a world that is best for all , but to simply describe the world and human nature and explain away why things are , without any solutions and HOW we can change , as this is seen in the literature that psychologists are interested in fame , knowledge or power , whether it be in the classroom , or as simply an elite worker of the system .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing a psychology system that does not work for what is best for all and find practical solutions , and pave the way for how human nature can practically change in as short amount of time possible yet with the same effective result of a human that cares for all , as measured in their actions/decisions .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to through abusing children and abusing the world that will be inherited by children to simply destroy that which is everyone 's birthright on this planet , including children , plants , and animals , and so I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to abuse all that is here and so is everyone birthright to have access to .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to not see the obvious commonsense that no one escapes responsibility and consequence and we are all held accountable by our actions and decisions , and so abuse will find a way back to self .
I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to not approach the abusers in discussion with the starting point of correcting that which is here and so is the birthright of all into the alignment of supporting what is here so it remains available to all by having all make commitments of how they will practically and visibly change as this will assist and support them To Change and so ensure a world that is viable and supporting life .
I commit myself to utilize commitments effectively as practical , visible , and measurable actions that can be taken by me that would align me to what is best for all .
I commit myself to assist and support life to flourish in this existence by taken measures actions that support life through the equal money system .
I commit myself to write JTL blogs to assist those who do not see the simplicity of physical living and how we can change through standing for and as the equal money system , within integrity as we uphold our commitments to life and an equal money system that values life .
-- > -- > -- >
Oil extended its biggest loss in three weeks before the release of U.S. crude inventory data on Wednesday , while Goldman Sachs Group Inc. cautioned that any OPEC deal to freeze output may only deepen the global oversupply .
October futures fell as much as 1.7 percent in New York after declining for the first time in eight days on Monday . Crude stockpiles probably dropped by 1 million barrels last week , a Bloomberg survey showed before a government report . If OPEC and some producers from outside the group agree to cap output at informal talks next month , the resulting price boost may help other suppliers revive production , Goldman Sachs analysts wrote .
Oil entered a bull market last Thursday , having climbed more than 20 percent since dipping below $ 40 a barrel earlier in the month . Crude was driven higher partly by speculation that discussions among members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries may lead to action to stabilize the market . Prices subsequently retreated as Iraq sought to increase exports and Nigerian militants called an end to hostilities , potentially boosting supply .
“ We 're expecting the availability of crude supply to improve , causing a counter-seasonal build in inventories in the second half , ” said Giovanni Staunovo , an analyst at UBS Group AG in Zurich . “ This will favor lower prices in the short run . ”
U.S. Supplies
West Texas Intermediate was down 50 cents to $ 46.91 shortly before 8:25 a.m. Central Time on the New York Mercantile Exchange . Oil on Monday
dropped $ 1.47 to close at $ 47.05 , the biggest decline since Aug. 1 . Total volume traded Tuesday was about 21 percent above the 100-day average .
Brent for October settlement lost as much as 66 cents , or 1.3 percent , to $ 48.50 a barrel on the London-based ICE Futures Europe exchange , having slipped 3.4 percent on Monday . The global benchmark crude traded at a $ 1.73 premium to WTI .
U.S. gasoline stockpiles probably shrank by 1.5 million barrels for a fourth week of declines , according to the median estimate in a Bloomberg survey before the Energy Information Administration report . Crude and motor-fuel inventories are still at their highest seasonal level in at least two decades .
What to do when there 's nothing to do
“ You may as well get off the bus ; I have a feeling we 're going to be here awhile . There are a number of protests going on in the area , ” I said as everyone sat there , some people looking out of the window , confused .
I had spoken to a few Guatemalans the day before , and they told me local farmers and workers all over the country were striking and protesting over the price of maize seeds .
Apparently , all the farmers have to buy their seeds once a year at an extortionate price from an American owned company instead of being allowed to produce and sow their own seeds , so it 's no wonder they were protesting .
However , I thought , wrongly , that the protests were already over , though I was n't exactly surprised when our tourist shuttle bus grinded to a halt at the end of a very long queue of vehicles . After all , we were travelling in Guatemala , a place where anything can happen .
As I got off the bus , which seemed to be stranded in the middle of nowhere , the first thing I wanted to do was find out what was going on , so I walked up the hill in the bright midday sun to where the protesters had blockaded the road .
On one side of the blockade – a makeshift lattice of interwoven pieces of willow – were the protesters bearing banners and slogans . On the other side , drivers clamoured for information , pleading to be let through .
On a small rocky mound just to the left of the blockade a group of protesters is milling around , most of them surveying the scene , seemingly bored .
One protester , a megaphone millimetre from their lips , was droning incessantly , their words and sentences merging together into background noise as they barely paused for breath .
Somewhere in the mass of noise I roughly heard the words : “ See ! Even the foreigners have come up here to support us ! ”
It did n't look like things were going to kick off anytime soon , so I asked one of the protesters if I could take out my camera and snap some photos .
All of a sudden there was a commotion of motion as a small group posed for the camera , smiles breaking their otherwise callow demeanours .
After divining that the protest was n't going to be broken for the next few hours , I decided to go back to the bus and let everyone know what was going on .
In short , there was nothing we could do but wait .
In such testing times while travelling , I always find there is a clear division in the group – those who wish the time would pass in any way possible , and those who pass the time in any way possible .
Already people were milling about around the bus , finding a small amount of solace in the shadows from the scorching sun , angry at the situation they found themselves in .
Soon after , a Danish couple , Rune and Christel , said they were going to walk to the next village for something to do .
Not ones to hang around , Brian , Brianna and I said we would tag along , as did Sabrina , an American girl , and Rory and Rosa , a British couple .
It felt good to leave the bus behind and we all seemed to bypass the ‘ usual ' questions that travellers ask each other to get down into deeper , more meaningful conversations .
Almost out of nowhere materialised two small boys , probably around the age of 14 , to guide us to the village .
After a constant stream of questions , and once the boys were satisfied we were indeed human ( for it was the only way I could understand why they wanted to ask so many questions ) , we were on a mission to find water , and ideally beer . We asked the boys whether this was possible and they were keen to deliver .
That started a bar-esque crawl for booze , meandering our way through this tiny village being palmed off from shop owner to shop owner .
Eventually , the boys found one that sold beer , and after successfully negotiating that labyrinth village , we felt a beer was even more deserved , tasting all the more refreshing with the bus within eyesight in the far distance .
Like all the other tourists , it was our turn to cower from the sun . Stocked up on beer , we found a small school that provided enough shadow and shade for everyone .
I guess the boys liked us , or at least enough to hang around while we jabbered like school children ourselves getting to know one another , and after a short amount of time , inevitably , a small ball was produced for us to play with .
I still do n't know if it was the boys shouting and screaming or our own Siren 's call , but in ones and twos other children descended upon the school , drawn in from around the village .
Before we knew it , we had about 20 kids of all ages around us , not needing , but wanting to be entertained .
After a weak attempt by me to make a paper aeroplane ( they did n't care for that ) , both Rune and Christel stepped into the fore , much better equipped than I .
Rune is a professional magician and comedian , while Christel is a professional acrobat working with companies such as the Cirque du Soleil , and when it comes to entertaining crowds these two have been doing it for well over a decade .
What ensued was laughs , wows , and more often than not stunned silence ( at least from me ) as Rune made coins magically disappear from one hand and reappear in another child 's pocket , while Christel threw girl after girl up into the air , helping them with flips and cartwheels , each one giggling with a heart-warming smile of innocence and trust .
Mothers watched on , occasionally laughing as Rune would stupefy everyone , or smile at the way Christel handled the kids .
And just as Rune held up their hands , palms outwards , to prove nothing was there , it was over ; the spell was broken . The beeping of horns and the flurry of moment up on the hill signified the protest had finished , at least for the day , four hours after we arrived .
Almost nonchalantly , we said goodbye to the kids knowing we would never see them again , but hoping they would remember the day a group of gringos entertained them , hoping it would mean as much to them as it did to us .
Australian media use US admiral 's comments to push for confrontation with China
By James Cogan
24 February 2016
On Tuesday , Fairfax Media 's Sydney Morning Herald devoted the top half of the front page of its print edition to a photo of visiting American Vice Admiral Joseph Aucoin , accompanied by a headline which asserted : “ US naval commander urges Australia to carry out patrols in the disputed islands in the South China Sea . ”
The Murdoch-owned Australian no less sensationally entitled its article : “ Send in the ships : US chief urges challenge to Beijing. ” The Australian Broadcasting Corporation ( ABC ) web site headline declared that the admiral “ urges Australia to launch ‘ freedom of navigation ' operation . ”
The impression conveyed by media was that the US , in the person of Aucoin , had made an overt intervention into domestic Australian politics , seeking to pressure the government of Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to join its American ally in sending warships inside the 12-nautical-mile territorial limit around islets controlled by China . The Sydney Morning Herald claimed : “ Aucoin 's comments go considerably further than any US figure has done before . ”
In fact , Aucoin , the commander of the US Seventh Fleet based in Japan , was decidedly more muted . Their comments at Monday 's press conference were largely pro-forma . Echoing the Obama administration and their superiors , such as Pacific Command head Admiral Harry Harris and Pacific Fleet commander Admiral Scott Swift , Aucoin indicated that the US would continue to conduct provocative “ freedom of navigation ” operations around islands and reefs in the South China Sea claimed by China , regardless of the Chinese military 's recent deployment of missile systems on Woody Island in the Paracel chain .
When asked if other countries should also conduct such operations , Aucoin , a senior but by no means top-ranking commander , diplomatically replied : “ Personally , it 's up to those countries but I think it 's in our best interests to make sure those sea lines remain open and I 'll leave it at that . ”
Aucoin 's only comment regarding Australia specifically came in reply to a question . A journalist , pressing for a more explicit statement , asked if those remarks “ could be interpreted as saying it would be valuable for Australia to do freedom of navigation operations. ” The admiral answered : “ Yes . ”
Aucoin 's one-word response about Australia was not considered newsworthy by American armed forces publications , such as Stars & Stripes , Navy Times and military.com . Instead , they focussed on their remark that they would prefer the South China Sea tensions not to be “ portrayed as US versus China ” and their reassertion of Washington 's now standard position that the US military “ will fly , sail , operate wherever international law allows , including those areas . ”
The Australian media clearly decided to exaggerate Aucoin 's remarks . The aim was to lend an air of urgency to a decision by the Australian government to order a military response to alleged Chinese activities in the South China Sea . To embellish its story , Fairfax Media 's Australian Financial Review appears to have even put words into Aucoin 's mouth , reporting that he—not a journalist—had said that it “ would be valuable for Australia to do freedom-of-navigation exercises . ”
The backdrop to Tuesday 's coverage is numerous reports over recent weeks , generally based on unnamed American sources , that an Australian “ freedom of navigation ” operation against China is imminent . According to the Australian , such action was discussed during Turnbull 's visit to Washington and a subsequent stopover in Hawaii for talks with Admiral Harry Harris last month . Turnbull , Foreign Minister Julie Bishop and Defence Minister Marise Payne have each made recent statements endorsing the US operations and asserting Australia 's “ national interest ” in “ freedom of navigation ” in the South China Sea . The Australian Navy has reportedly drawn up the plans to carry out a military incursion .
The Labor Party , led by its defence spokesperson Stephen Conroy , is at the very forefront of agitating for aggressive military action . Following Aucoin 's remarks , Conroy again insisted that warships must be sent . “ Instead of waffle , ” Conroy declared , “ the Turnbull government should be clear about whether it supports Australia conducting freedom of navigation operation as a demonstration of our support for the international system in the South China Sea. ” The “ international system ” is the new euphemism for the strategic and military domination of the Asia-Pacific by the United States and its allies .
If Turnbull does not order action , it will be taken in ruling circles , both in the US and Australia , as a signal that they are wavering on the commitments made under successive Labor and Liberal-National governments to fully support Washington 's “ pivot to Asia ” and preparations for a confrontation with China .
However , the problem that faces not only Turnbull , but the entire Australian ruling class , is that public opinion has not been conditioned for the political shock that would be provoked in the event of a military clash between Chinese and Australian warships . Despite Australia 's linchpin role in the US “ pivot , ” a conspiracy of silence has surrounded the mounting danger of war throughout the mass media and the political establishment , including by the Greens and pseudo-left organisations . Apart from occasional commentary , generally buried deep inside the newspapers , little is written or discussed outside of specialised strategic circles . The tabloid press and television news generally report nothing at all .
The character of Tuesday 's coverage is further evidence—on top of the Labor Party 's bellicose statements—that a shift is developing in the political and media establishment . On the eve of an Australian operation in the South China Sea , the years of silence are giving way to a campaign of crass propaganda , in which China will be demonised as “ aggressive , ” expansionist , ” bullying ” and “ threatening . ”
At present , millions of Australian workers and youth would , if asked , oppose any action that could trigger the catastrophe of war—such as a reckless and provocative “ freedom of navigation ” mission to challenge Chinese territorial claims . Anti-Chinese hysteria will be used to try and mobilise support among more backward layers and to suppress the instinctive anti-war sentiment within the working class and among young people .
The campaign continues today , in the lead-up to the publication tomorrow of Australia 's latest Defence “ White Paper , ” which will define the “ threats ” to the “ nation ” and seek to justify hundreds of billions of dollars in new military spending . In a column in the Australian , Paul Dibb , a leading strategist and author of White Papers during the 1980s , wrote : “ The way in which China is flexing its muscles and issuing threats means that Australia 's defence policy has to consider how we would react , and what sort of forces we could commit , in the event that there were armed conflict between China and the US or , indeed , China and Japan . ”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
A nice pink medium-rare steak or a healthy grilled chicken breast ? What 's your favourite type of meat ? The healthy white or the hearty red ?
While many might like both , for most people , there is a clear choice . Some go for the full-flavour reds , while some prefer the naturally lean and therefore supposedly healthier whites . But before you make your choice , let 's take a look at the pros and cons of each type .
GIVE ME RED !
If you are looking for a protein and nutrient heavy indulgence with full flavour , red meat might be your meat buddy . Rich in necessary nutrients such as Zinc and Vitamin B12 , and extremely loaded with proteins , red meat is usually a favourite among those who enjoy the true flavour of meat .
Red meat is red when raw , and turns a dark brown when cooked . Generally , meats that come from mammals and hunting are considered red meat , the most common being mutton from sheep , lamb , and goat .
Rich in Riboflavin and Thiamine , red meats are especially great if you 're trying to gain muscle , or are trying to overcome anemia . But , red meats might not be all that great on the health scale . Studies have shown that they are high on saturated fats that are deemed unhealthy for your heart , intestines , and even your stamina .
GO WHITE !
If you are n't crazy about that meaty flavour , but still want to enjoy the health benefits of a meat diet , white meats are the way to go . These meats are paler and an almost washed out white when raw , and an opaque white when cooked . They include chicken and seafoods like fish , prawns , crabs , etc .
White meats are a little more delicate in flavour than red meats and have a whole host of health benefits of their own . Fish and prawns for instance are high on Omega 3s , which are essentially good for everything . From your immunity system to your skin and hair , they have got it all covered .
The best part about white meats is that they are naturally low on fat and even lower on trans-fat . So you have absolutely nothing to worry about when enjoying a meal centred around grilled chicken or fish . What white meat wins in the fat category , it loses in count of its protein content , as it 's comparatively lower on those than red meats .
RED V/S WHITE : THE WINNER
One is high fat , high protein , and the other is low fat with a ton of health benefits . At the end of the day , there 's no real winner . It all really depends on what you 're looking for from your diet . The key , is balance . You do n't have to gorge on white meats and cut back on steaks . There 's no reason your diets ca n't include a nice healthy mix of healthy white meat , and hearty red meat .
If you 're looking for a leaner red meat , try Bannur Mutton . With its thin layer of fat , and higher muscle to fat ratio , Bannur Mutton is a favourite all over India . And the good news : you do n't have to travel to Mandya to get your hands on some . You can buy Bannur Mutton online !
And , if you 're keen on including white meat in your diet but the trip to the butcher 's is just not up your alley , you can buy chicken online ! In fact , you do n't even have to make the trip to the fish market . You can order fresh fish online too !
So , what are you waiting for ? Start planning your meatilicious menus now ! Start , by ordering fresh meat on www.brownapron.com .
DALLAS ( AP ) - Susan G. Komen for the Cure saw a 22 percent drop in contributions in the year following the controversy over its decision , quickly reversed , to stop giving grants to Planned Parenthood for breast cancer screenings .
Citing audited financial statements posted on its website this week , a spokesperson for the Dallas-based breast cancer charity said contributions - including donations and corporate sponsorships - dropped from about $ 164 million from the fiscal year ending in March 2012 to $ 128 million in the year ending March 2013 .
After news of the plan to quit offering grants to Planned Parenthood broke in January 2012 , several executives left the organization and fewer people took part in its fundraising Races for the Cure across the country . The organization announced last summer that it would cancel half of its three-day charity walks for this year because of a drop in participation .
The statements also showed that revenue from Race for the Cure and three-day events had a 19 percent drop for the same fiscal period , falling from about $ 258 million to $ 208 million . Total revenue , which included the race fees , contributions , other fundraising and interest , dropped 18 percent in that time period , from $ 399 million to $ 325 million .
Komen spokesperson Andrea Rader attributed the drops to the Planned Parenthood controversy , in addition to economic uncertainty and other events vying for charity dollars .
But they also said the organization now is seeing its numbers stabilize and noted Komen currently has 150 corporate sponsors . They said even people angered by the Planned Parenthood issue are coming around because they know what Komen does for their community . `` They tend to say , 'OK , we were mad about that but we 're not mad anymore , ' '' they said .
`` We just hope that people will continue to understand that our work is very important , '' Rader said .
Komen founder Nancy Brinker , whose promise to their dying sister begat the fundraising powerhouse that has invested hundreds of millions of dollars in cancer research , announced in the summer of 2012 they would step down as CEO when a replacement was found . It was announced in the summer of 2013 that Dr. Judith A. Salerno would replace them as CEO . Salerno was formerly executive director and chief operating officer of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences .
The organization also this week disclosed 2013 salary information , saying that Brinker has taken a $ 158,700 pay cut with their move from CEO to global strategy chair . Brinker 's annual salary for their new role is $ 390,000 , down from $ 548,700 in 2012 . Salerno , named president and CEO in June , has a salary of $ 475,000 .
Many a night I 've tossed and turned , willing my brain to STFU and let me sleep . I 'm not alone in this battle . 10-15 % of adults suffer from insomnia , and up to a third take prescription sleeping pills to bring on the snooze – for a heavy cognitive price .
Current sleeping drugs , such as Ambien and Lunesta , target a type of receptor called GABA A R in the brain . GABA A R is not only implicated in sleep ; it also regulates mood , learning and cognition , and works to increase inhibitory synaptic transmission . Targeting GABA A R with Ambien is almost like bringing a hammer to the head : it slows down the brain enough to bring on sleep , but at the same time disrupts normal cognition , attention , learning and memory the next day , leading to “ hypnotic hangovers ” that are hard to shake off . Even worse , GABA A -modulators do n't really mimic the physiological sleep state , and can bring on some seriously weird behaviors , such as walking , eating and even driving while the person is asleep .
Is it time for a new target ?
Jason M. Uslaner et . al . ( 2013 ) Orexin Receptor Antagonists Differ from Standard Sleep Drugs by Promoting Sleep at Doses That Do Not Disrupt Cognition . Science Translational Medicine 5 , 179ra44
The authors in this study have their eyes on the orexinergic system . Along with its role in appetite and energy regulation , orexin ( aka hypocretin ) is also a predominant arousal signal to parts of the brain controlling the sleep/wake cycle . It is a protein synthesized almost exclusively at the lateral hypothalamus , the brain 's major sleep/wake control centre , and acts to promote wakefulness and vigilance . Unlike the promiscuous GABA A R , orexin 's receptors are scattered in brain areas primarily involved in sleep . Previous studies have shown that blocking orexin can induce sleep , but have n't looked at potential cognitive side effects . Here , the authors developed a new orexin receptor antagonist called DORA-22 , and pitted it against the traditional hypnotics , Valium ( diazepam ) , Ambien ( zolpidem ) and Lunesta ( eszopiclone ) .
By feeding the drugs to rats and rhesus monkeys , the authors first discovered that at higher doses , DORA-22 was just as effective as GABA-modulating drugs in bringing on the zzzs , while at lower doses it was even more effective than current drugs on the market . ( How do you tell when an animal is asleep ? Here the authors fitted their test subjects with devices for ECGs to measure their brain waves . A less objective way is to flip a rat over and see if it flips back . Either way , sleepy rats make cute subjects . Not so sure about sleepy monkeys ) . So DORA-22 seems to work as hypothesized , but what about side effects ? The authors went on to test DORA-22 's effect on three aspects of cognition : episodic-like memory , the ability to remember things and events ; working memory , the ability to keep information in mind and manipulate it towards a goal ; and attention , the ability to focus and keep track .
After inducing sleep with the drugs , researchers rudely awakened their subjects and started the tests . They presented rats with a new object , which the rats eagerly explored . They then took the object away , and returned it one hour later , along with a new object . If the rats remembered the first object , they would explore the newer one more vigorously . This is called the “ object recognition task ” , and is a measure of memory . Valium , Ambien and Lunesta all disrupted object recognition memory . In fact , the minimum dose that did so was ½ to 1/10 the minimum dose that increased sleep in rats ! This means that GABA A modulator induce memory failure BEFORE sleep . In stark contrast , while DORA-22 also decreased memory at high doses , the minimum dose required was 30-fold greater than the dose that increased sleep . In other words , DORA-22 had a much greater therapeutic window . The same trend was observed for the other two tasks : monkeys on GABA A modulator performed much worse on tasks measuring working memory and attention than controls , while those given DORA-22 did just as well .
This is very exciting and encouraging , as DORA-22 signifies an entirely new class of hypnotics . Not every drug works for everyone , and those that do work tend to be less effective over time as tolerance develops . The lack of negative effects on short-term cognition is also a major plus .
HOWEVER , due to the experimental design , it is impossible to tell whether manipulating the orexin system will cause next day “ hypnotic hangover ” . The conditions used in this study corresponds to situations where the patient is awakened from a short stretch of DORA-22-induced sleep and expected to perform tasks that demands attention , memory and mental flexibility . Think a student popping a pill to power nap for an hour , before being wakened by the alarm to immediately go take an exam . From the available data we do n't know if cognition is disrupted the next day after a full sleep period . We also do n't know if DORA-22 influences the composition of sleep , as in the relative percentage of rapid-eye movement ( REM ) , non-REM and slow-wave sleep . Since each stage of sleep has its own distinct function , maintaining a physiological sleep make-up is crucial . Along the same lines , sleep generally occurs in 90-min cycles , and disrupting the cycle can impair memory processes such as memory reconsolidation . At the moment we also do n't know whether DORA-22 influences cycle duration and/or total sleep time . There is also no information on long-term usage . And finally , while orexin receptors are more specifically distributed than GABA A Rs , orexins DO have roles outside managing wakefulness , such as increasing food intake and energy expenditure . Whether DORA-22 ( and its sons and daughters ) will affect these biological processes is anybody 's guess .
Although I would n't call DORA-22 a “ drug that can overcome insomnia without leaving users feeling hungover the following day ” or “ the perfect hypnotic ” just yet , overall , targeting the orexin system seems to be a promising strategy for bringing sleep to insomniacs without the cognitive side-effects .
Finally , if you have n't seen Mike Birbiglia 's “ Sleepwalk with me ” yet , I highly recommend it . From Wikipedia : Sleepwalk with Me is a comedy written by , directed by and starring comedian Mike Birbiglia , based on a true story they told in their one-man off-Broadway show and their first book . The film follows the journey of an aspiring comedian in denial about their girlfriend , their career , and , most significantly , their REM Sleep Behavior Disorder . The more they fail to express their true feelings , the more their anxiety comes out in increasingly funny and dangerous sleepwalking incidents .
Uslaner JM , Tye SJ , Eddins DM , Wang X , Fox SV , Savitz AT , Binns J , Cannon CE , Garson SL , Yao L , Hodgson R , Stevens J , Bowlby MR , Tannenbaum PL , Brunner J , McDonald TP , Gotter AL , Kuduk SD , Coleman PJ , Winrow CJ , & Renger JJ ( 2013 ) . Orexin receptor antagonists differ from standard sleep drugs by promoting sleep at doses that do not disrupt cognition . Science translational medicine , 5 ( 179 ) PMID : 23552372
Edit : Looks like Merck 's DORA drug in on the brink of approval from the FDA . Exciting !
Advertisements
The attorney for alleged Silk Road ringleader Ross Ulbricht is asking a federal judge to throw out most of the charges against their client , arguing that the case contains `` fatal flaws '' and must be dismissed .
Defense lawyer Joshua Dratel is asking the court to dismiss all four charges in Ulbricht 's New York indictment , including a money laundering charge that they say does n't apply because the currency used for the alleged crime – Bitcoin – does not qualify as a `` money instrument '' under the law .
The other charges are a narcotics conspiracy charge , one count of running a criminal enterprise , and one count of conspiracy to commit computer hacking . Dratel , in their motion to dismiss ( .pdf ) , is asking those counts to be thrown out on the grounds that the laws are unconstitutionally vague and have been misapplied to the case , since they do not cover Ulbricht 's alleged conduct . They further assert that the term `` access without authorization '' in the computer hacking charge is `` undefined . ''
If they were to win the motion , Ulbricht would still face serious charges in a separate federal indictment in Maryland .
The most interesting argument in the motion-to-dismiss – filed over the weekend – surrounds the money laundering charge . Dratel argues that the charge does n't apply because it 's lacking the primary ingredient needed for money laundering – a “ monetary instrument . '' Since Bitcoins , the currency with which drugs were bought and sold on Silk Road , does not qualify as `` funds '' or `` monetary instrument , '' the charge does not hold , Dratel asserts in their motion .
Dratel 's Bitcoin argument cleverly turns a recent IRS determination about Bitcoin against prosecutors .
The money laundering statute defines a monetary instrument as `` coin or currency of the United States or of any other country , travelers ' checks , personal checks , bank checks , and money orders , or ... investment securities or negotiable instruments , in bearer form or otherwise in such form that title thereto passes upon delivery . ''
But last week the IRS issued a notice stating that virtual currency “ does not have legal tender status in any jurisdiction '' and that “ virtual currency is treated as property '' and `` not ... as currency . ''
`` Both IRS and FinCEN have categorically declared that Bitcoins are not 'funds , ' '' Dratel writes in their memorandum of law supporting the motion to dismiss . `` Thus , an essential element of §1956 – a 'financial transaction ' – is absent because a necessary component thereof – either 'funds ' or 'monetary instruments ' – is lacking . Consequently , it is respectfully submitted that Count Four must be dismissed . ''
Ulbricht , 29 , was arrested October 1 , following a two year investigation by authorities to unmask the Dread Pirate Roberts – the entity that founded and operated the online drug emporium known as Silk Road and whom authorities say was Ulbricht .
The brazen site , which operated from about January 2011 to October 2013 , provided an international platform for drug dealers around the world to market a cornucopia of wares , expanding their empires beyond the corner drug stops and back alleys where they normally operated . Buyers and sellers could access the site only through the Tor anonymizing service and conducted transactions in Bitcoin to further conceal their identity .
Ulbricht was indicted twice – in New York and Maryland . They are accused in the Maryland case of conspiring to have a former administrator of Silk Road murdered in exchange for $ 80,000 . The deal was allegedly negotiated in 2013 between Dread Pirate Roberts , the owner of the web site and an undercover DEA agent . The murder never went down in reality , however , since authorities staged the death and sent Dread Pirate Roberts fake images to convince them it had occurred .
With regard to the New York charges that Ulbricht was involved in a narcotics trafficking conspiracy and operated a criminal enterprise , Dratel told the court that the statutes do not cover the conduct Ulbricht allegedly committed . The narcotics charge accuses them of conspiracy to possess and possess with intent to distribute controlled substances . But Ulbricht , they wrote , was never accused of selling or purchasing drugs , just of operating a site where drugs were sold .
Dratel wrote that `` neither statute was intended , or has ever been used , to prosecute the conduct alleged against Mr. Ulbricht – that they operated a web site through which other persons – sellers and purchasers – committed illegal activity . ''
They likened Ulbricht to a landlord whose property was used for illegal purposes or to an internet service provider .
`` [ N ] o landlord has been prosecuted under the federal controlled substances statutes for renting an apartment to a know drug seller . Nor has any internet service provider been prosecuted because users of the service engage in illegal transactions using the provider 's internet service , '' they wrote .
Even if the statutes can be found to apply , they said , `` they would be unconstitutionally vague as applied to them because they present the twin deficiencies of inadequate notice of what is prohibited as well as the danger , realized herein , of arbitrary and discriminatory enforcement . ''
Furthermore , even a landlord who is found guilty of creating conditions on their property that nurture illegal activity is only subject to civil forfeiture , not to criminal prosecution , they argued .
In addition to the indictments , authorities have seized about 173,991 Bitcoins — currently worth more than $ 150 million — that they say belonged to Ulbricht . About 29,655 Bitcoins were recovered from servers that authorities say were used to run the Silk Road website , and another 144,336 Bitcoins were seized from a Bitcoin wallet on Ulbricht 's laptop , which authorities grabbed at the time of their arrest in a San Francisco library .
Ulbricht has filed a civil claim asserting ownership of the Bitcoins found on their computer and contesting their forfeiture .
At the same time , Ulbricht has denied through their attorney that he 's Dread Pirate Roberts . But prosecutors say that evidence recovered from the laptop they were using at the time of their arrest at a San Francisco public library “ conclusively confirms that Ulbricht was in fact the individual who created and controlled the Silk Road website . ''
Ulbricht 's lawyer notes in their motion that their client is still not admitting to anything .
`` For purposes of these motions , and because challenges to an Indictment on its face do not involve disputing the facts alleged therein , the conduct of the Silk Road and Dread Pirate Roberts will be attributed nominally to Mr. Ulbricht , '' they write . `` However , of course , that does not in any way constitute an admission by them with respect to any allegation in the Indictment . ''
A reprap build workshop is going to take place in Cologne , Germany on the first weekend of December ( 3-4.12 ) . Ten groups will have the opportunity to build their very own 3d printer , get it working , and take it home with them.Under the guidance of Josef Prusa , Kliment Yanev and Ruben Lubbes , we 'll build ten printers of the latest Prusa Iteration 2 variety . More info on Prusa iteration 2 at Prusa Iteration 2 After building the printers , we 'll look at control and design software , basic troubleshooting , and where to get designs , ideas , and help . At the end of the workshop , every participant or group will go home with a working printer.Here is a video of an earlier workshop organized by the same team : Workshop data : Time : 3rd and 4th of December 2011 , from 10.00h to 19.00h on both days . Impatient builders may continue past 19h on Saturday if they wish to , but that should not be necessary.Location : Coworking Space Gasmotorenfabrik , 3rd floor , Deutz-Mülheimer Str . 129 , 51063 Cologne , GermanyPrice : 850€ per printer . The number of participants per printer is not limited ( though 2-3 is ideal ) .Signup by email , kliment.yanev @ gmail.comIncluded in the course price are all the parts as well as some plastic print material . The electronics , hotend , and cable terminations ( the boring bits that eat a lot of time ) will be done for you in advance.Required tools :
Former West Indies captain Viv Richards has blamed the `` arrogance of administrators '' involved in West Indies cricket for the failure to ensure the best players in the region remain available for international duty . Several big ticket players including Chris Gayle , Sunil Narine , Lendl Simmons , Carlos Brathwaite , Kieron Pollard , Darren Sammy and Darren Bravo are currently in India to participate in the IPL even as a three-match ODI series against Pakistan gets underway on Friday in Guyana .
In the last few years a number of high profile Caribbean players declined central contracts from the West Indies Cricket Board ( WICB ) , leaving them under no compulsion to appear for national duty . One of the diktats of the WICB that has irked the players is being asked to play the Regional Super50 in order to qualify for selection for ODI squad . Considering the aforesaid players all feature in domestic T20 leagues like the Big Bash , which clash with the Super50 , they have refused to sign the binding WICB contract .
Richards insisted that the situation has come to pass only because members of the WICB have done a `` lousy job '' in creating an environment where players feel treasured by the national set-up . `` When you have an arrogant administrative unit , guys are going to pick and choose , '' Richards told ESPNcricinfo in Mumbai on Wednesday . `` We must remember that many of the players come from humble backgrounds . I have no qualms in saying this , some of these administrators think they are as important as the players on the field . They are not . It is all about the attraction of the environment that the players on the field would have created for them to be in an administrative position .
`` I think it is a bigger issue than about the guys playing in our domestic competition . Most of the guys played there when they first started out , that 's what they wanted to do . But when you get an administration who thinks that they are the most important entity where West Indies cricket is concerned , they better wake up . The players have done their bit in terms of their representation . We lost a series in the UAE recently [ in 2016 against Pakistan ] , now we have lost the T20 series in West Indies to Pakistan . All this after winning the last World T20 . That sends a message in my opinion that all is not well with all the players who are representing West Indies at this stage . ''
Having failed to qualify for the Champions Trophy in June , West Indies are currently lying ninth in the ODI rankings and face the prospect of missing out on direct qualification for the 2019 World Cup . The cut-off date for the World Cup , which will be held in England , is September 30 this year . Other than the hosts England , the top seven in the ODI rankings will get a direct berth in the World Cup . West Indies , Pakistan and Bangladesh are vying to take the seventh position to avoid being forced to play the qualifiers .
In Test cricket too , West Indies continue to founder and are in eighth spot in the rankings , only above Bangladesh who are in fact snapping at their heels , and Zimbabwe . Attendances continue to be poor back home but Richards remains hopeful of a turnaround , urging the administrators to pay heed to counsel from former greats .
`` I am one of those individuals that never says , '' Richards said . `` I believe if we start having a little bit more respect for the individuals who would have helped the administrators into that administrative position . You have a Michael Holding , who refuses to be part of cricket in the region because of the behaviour of members at the administrative level . It hurts because we are the ones that are the trailblazers , not the ones who have come on the scene at present wanting to be administrators . We are the ones who made it attractive enough for them to administer and they have done a lousy job . ''
Besides keeping a close eye on West Indies cricket , Richards has stayed involved with the game in a mentorship capacity for the Delhi Daredevils in the IPL , Melbourne Stars in the Big Bash and most recently with the Quetta Gladiators in the Pakistan Super League for the last two years . One of the most destructive players of all time , Richards keeps their advice simple to eager young batsmen who have sought them out during these stints .
`` Some of these individuals in the coaching department are trying to enhance their product in terms of what they believe coaching is all about , '' they laughed . `` If you look at the instinctive nature of players in T20 and the things that they do try , it is tough to coach that . So it is all about getting the guys to be mentally prepared and in a frame of mind that they understand what their duty is . This is such a great format for you to have a swing of the bat . I would have loved that more than anything else .
`` Our job is to give them the confidence if necessary . It is to be brave . You will have your bad days , but in the end it is about believing in the product that you have . As they say , they who dares , wins . That sort of mentality , you can take that in , you will have success . ''
All countries have peculiar social customs and India is no exception . With over 1.2 billion people and a plethora of languages , art forms , food and cultural customs , India can be a mind-boggling experience for people visiting from other countries . While many of them find India too colourful , too crowded , too diverse , too chaotic ( basically too everything ! ) , they also find it fascinating , unusual and riveting .
For some , the culture shock might prove a bit difficult to deal with but most go back with desi habits that they have picked up in India , long after their trip to the country has ended . Several Quora users and blog writers , who have travelled to India , have written wonderful anecdotes to answer the question – ‘ what habits did you learn in India that have stuck ? '
Here 's a list of the 7 Indian habits that foreigners pick up after visiting India and love using even after returning to their own country .
1 . Cooling tea in a saucer !
In India , chai is more than just a cup of tea to start the day – the thick sweet drink is an integral part of the rhythm of life . A popular way of drinking chai ( or coffee ) in India is by serving it in a cup on a saucer . The hot tea is then poured by the drinker into the saucer and slurped down . After all , why waste time staring at your tea and waiting endlessly for it to cool down ?
Says Sommer Shiels ,
“ Cooling my tea with a saucer ! I would never , ever have considered this until India ! I love it ! While the rest of the world gets a burnt tongue I 'm pouring my tea and cooling it in my saucer- I learned this in Gujarat from locals . Back to my hot tea , I do n't always use my saucer ! Indians have the ingenious little metal design a little cup with a bowl-type utensil . No on else cools their tea like this ! Such a simple yet clever little design . ”
2 . Using your hands to dig into that sumptuous meal .
In India , there is an old saying , “ Eating food with your hands feeds not only the body but also the mind and the spirit ” . Most tourists visiting India are taken aback by this quintessential Indian custom . However , on trying it themselves , they also agree that using hands while eating results in a cleaner plate and happier stomach .
Says Sommer Shiels ,
“ I got the strangest looks and even people turning away in disgust . I ate politely , using my hands properly and washed my hands and left . As I left , I did n't feel embarrassed but happy in the knowledge that they were missing out ! The point is , as I have continued to use my hands out of habit and because I enjoy it , I have received judgement from others… ”
Says Rachel Rueckert ,
“ Few things were more satisfying than squishing dal and rice between my fingers . Eating with my hand instead of a fork made it easier to mix satisfying flavors without tasting any intrusive hints of metal . ”
3 . Taking shoes off before entering someone 's house .
The custom of removing your shoes before entering a home is widely practiced in Indian homes . Foreigners , who have experienced this custom in India , often end up taking a liking to it .
Ben Wise says ,
“ I find this to be a wonderful habit . Not only because of cleanliness—who knows what I might have stepped on in the street—but also because it feels right . Some people find this strange , “ You do n't have to take your shoes off ! ”
Also Read : Smells Like Nostalgia : These Distinctly Indian Aromas Will Instantly Trigger Your Memories
4 . Using toilets the ‘ Indian way ' .
Ever since the first human being descended on the Earth , squatting has been the most natural posture to finish one 's daily “ business ” . Indian toilets , which require you to squat and use water ( instead of toilet paper ) , have long been considered healthier than western commodes . Foreigners have often admitted that though they find it awkward and gross at first , they have learned to love it with time . Many of them have even said that it is definitely a better way to keep yourself clean and fresh .
Says Ben Wise ,
“ Speaking of intimate . I sit in the “ Indian ” fashion no matter where I am . Yes , even if it 's a Western-style toilet . Even if it 's in the US or Europe . I also secretly wish that the whole world adopted the “ hygiene faucet ” but alas , they are not ready yet… Toilet paper has everyone in its soft , papery grip . ”
In a Buzzfeed article , wrote
“ You see , in India , most toilets have a hose-sort-of-looking thing attached that you 're supposed to stick under your butt to wash yourself . In fact , most of India thinks toilet paper is actually sort of gross . The logic being , why would n't you wash your butt after you poop the same way you 'd wash your hands after you poop ? Why are a few simple plies of toilet paper sufficient enough to get your downstairs clean ? It 's time the West embraced the butt hose . Our pants are full of microscopic shit particles and it 's really weird . In 2017 we need to really mix things up , and I think a fundamental rethinking of how we take a shit is a great first step . ”
5 . Answering people by moving head from side to side instead of nodding .
The peculiar Indian head shake , wobble , or bobble is the source of much confusion and wonderment among foreigners , especially the first time one is confronted with it . It looks like a cross between a nod and shake , but does it mean yes ? Or does it mean no ? Or even maybe ?
However , once you discover the meaning of the head wobble and its many uses , what 's really surprising is how infectious this gesture becomes . Anyone who 's spent a considerable amount of time in India is likely to have caught themselves unconsciously wobbling their head . Even Indians who do n't normally wobble their heads very much will automatically do so in response to another head wobble .
Says Sommer Shiels ,
“ I spent time with children at the end of my last India trip and I always end up copying actions of who I 'm with so I 've adopted this movement permanently . I think it 's incredibly endearing .. maybe not when I do it , however I like when others do this ! ”
Says Ben Wise
“ I wobble my head quite naturally while listening to others . Sometimes I do this at other people and they find it somewhat strange . It took me years to be able to [ somehow ] do this . Indians do it so naturally and gracefully—I love the movement and I suppose I adopted it along the way . ”
6 . Wearing bright colours with elan
India has long been associated with colour thanks to its festivals , costumes and food . The love of colour extends to everyday life as well with people donning garments of every conceivable colour . Many foreigners , who generally hesitate in wearing bright colours back home , have acknowledged that they feel more confident and comfortable wearing brighter colours after a visit to India .
Says Rachel Rueckert ,
“ My favorite color is yellow , which is n't often flattering in US fashion . But in India I can wear a bright banana yellow salware kameeze with a matching sparkly dupatta and fit right in with the vivid saffron , indigo , purple , and lime-green saris women wear every day . ”
7 . Jugaad . Because India 's got talent !
Jugaad is a colloquial Indian phrase used to describe the kind of ingenuity that enables Indians to manage the large and small challenges of everyday life . The essence of jugaad is to improvise , and to quickly and cheaply cobble a solution together from the materials you have at hand . From cutting costs at every turn to using old resources for new purposes , many visitors to India have taken inspiration from the concept of jugaad to get things done in their own life .
Says Ben Wise ,
“ I try to have things fixed . Jugaad , anybody ? India has taught me that many times , when we believe something must be replaced , it can be fixed . ”
8 . Words like aiyo ! and accha ?
A versatile word that you 'll hear used often and in a variety of different ways in India , ‘ achha ' takes on a number of meanings , depending on the intonation it 's given and where it 's positioned in a sentence . As for ‘ Aiyo ! ' , according to the Oxford English dictionary , it is now also an English phrase ! Easy and simple to use , foreigners visiting India find themselves using these terms pretty often in their daily lives .
Says Ben Wise ,
“ I do this almost exclusively with my significant other and kids , but I say things like appadiya ? or accha ? when they say something interesting to me . Or thik hai . Or I say aiyooo ! when something unfortunate happens . ”
You May Like : India on Their Minds – 12 Foreigners Who Are Making a Difference to Our Lives Here
Like this story ? Have something to share ? Email : contact @ thebetterindia . com , or join us on Facebook and Twitter ( @ thebetterindia ) .
NEW ! Log into www.gettbi.com to get positive news on Whatsapp .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigel Farage : `` We pose a threat not just to the Conservative party ... but to the entire British political class ''
Nigel Farage has issued a pre-election warning to Ed Miliband that UKIP is targeting voters in Labour 's traditional heartlands .
Speaking at UKIP 's annual conference in Doncaster , where the Labour leader is an MP , they said : `` It 's no coincidence that we 're holding our conference here .
`` We are now parking our tanks on the Labour Party 's lawn . ''
They said the Eurosceptic party was `` tearing vast chunks '' out of the Labour vote in the north of England and Wales .
Labour responded by calling Mr Farage 's party `` more Tory than the Tories . ''
UKIP has been portrayed as more of a threat to the Conservatives than to Labour by the media , Mr Farage said .
`` They [ the mainstream media ] would have you believe that we pose a mortal threat to David Cameron 's Conservative Party , '' Mr Farage said .
`` They 're wrong . The reason the Conservative Party will not get a majority at the next general election has nothing to do with us - they 've done the job themselves . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigel Farage tells the BBC : Immigration has made minimum wage `` maximum wage ''
'Sick and tired '
Mr Farage said their party `` posed a threat to the entire British political class '' , not just the Conservatives as the `` establishment believed '' .
Referring to two forthcoming by-elections , where UKIP candidates will challenge previously Conservative and Labour seats , Mr Farage said : `` We 've now got the Labour Party as worried in Heywood and Middleton as we 've got the Conservatives in Clacton .
`` This party is not about left and right - it 's about right and wrong . ''
Mr Farage also told delegates they were `` sick and tired '' of hearing that a vote for UKIP would let Labour in .
`` The message that needs to come out from this conference is that actually , in our target seats next year , in the by-elections and in the general election , if you vote UKIP you will get UKIP , '' they said .
`` If we get this right , and if we win enough seats in that parliament in what is going to be a tight general election we could even say to people 'vote UKIP to hold the balance of power ' . '' they added .
Analysis
Image copyright Getty Images
by Ross Hawkins , BBC political correspondent
Nigel Farage sounded more like a man giving a stump speech than a conference season set piece .
That was no surprise .
There are two by-elections due within the fortnight .
They have downplayed UKIP 's chances in the Heywood and Middleton by-election - previously a Labour constituency .
But they gave a pretty good idea of the tone of the UKIP campaign .
They alleged Labour policies were responsible for child abuse in the north of England .
UKIP has long held that it poses a threat to Ed Miliband as well as David Cameron .
The coming fight in Greater Manchester gives the party an opportunity to prove it , and Labour a chance to fight back .
UKIP unveiled a number of tax proposals on Friday , saying it would cut income tax from 40p to 35p for people earning up to £55,000 , and promising to raise to £13,500 the amount people can earn before paying any income tax .
The party 's plans included stripping the right of `` billionaires from Russia and Arab countries like Saudi Arabia '' to come to the UK for VAT-free shopping on designer goods such as shoes and handbags .
Mr Farage told journalists after their conference speech that Russian and Saudi billionaires `` should not be able to buy up the West End and claim their tax back '' .
Some people thought Russian and Saudi visitors were `` bringing benefit '' to the UK , but really they were `` coming here on the cheap '' , they said .
Asked how much they had paid for their shoes , Mr Farage hesitated before saying `` £199 '' - just under the threshold were the new VAT rate would start .
Labour 's shadow minister for the Cabinet Office , Michael Dugher , said : `` The ex-banker , ex-Tory boy Farage is a politician trying to fool the public with weasel words - but working people will see through their act . ''
Passports
During the conference , UKIP immigration spokesperson Steven Wolfe said the party wants to strip terrorists of their passports , and deny entry to asylum seekers without ID documents .
They called for separate immigration queues for UK citizens at border entry points .
They also wanted to boost the number of frontline border staff and search teams by 2,500 .
The party added that it will give armed forces personnel who have served for a minimum of 12 years the option of joining the border force or the police when they leave military service .
If you 're trying to ID a hitter and you ca n't do a DNA test or a retinal scan , ask to see their spray chart . Pull hitters reveal themselves very quickly : A hitter 's pull percentage “ stabilizes , ” or becomes a close approximation of their actual abilities , after about 30 balls in play . With no prior knowledge or scouting skills , an observer with a pencil and a diagram of a diamond can get a sense of a player 's pull tendencies in roughly two weeks ' worth of games .
Major league teams use much more precise methods than pencil and paper , which allows them to profile opposing players even more quickly . The reliability of batted-ball distributions in small samples is one of the reasons that defensive shifts have caught on : According to Baseball Info Solutions , shift use is on pace for a 34 percent increase in 2015 , after a 63 percent rise last season . And while some teams have been slow to adopt unorthodox defensive alignments , more and more have managed to overcome any resistance to trying something new . Based on published reports and my own conversations with team personnel , it appears that the key for front offices has been persuading pitchers and coaches that the importance of “ pitching to the shift ” is mostly a myth , as is the corresponding belief that the shift wo n't work if pitchers do n't precisely hit their spots .
Here 's a quick-and-dirty debunking . Using ESPN 's TruMedia tool , I compiled a list of the top 50 hitters by ground ball pull percentage from 2009 to 2015 , a group that includes frequent shift victims like Ryan Howard , Mark Teixeira , and Carlos Santana . Then I compared their pull rates on grounders , broken down by horizontal pitch location . The conclusion : With hard-core pull hitters at the plate , pitch location does n't make much of an impact on grounder direction .
GB Pull % by Pitch Location Inner Third Middle Third Outer Third 77.2 75.9 61.6
A pronounced pull hitter remains a pull hitter wherever he 's pitched . Although the highest rate of pulled grounders results from pitches on the inner third and inside , the pull rate on pitches over the middle is almost the same . Even on pitches in the outer third of the zone and outside , extreme pull hitters still pull their grounders much more often than not — and more often than the average hitter pulls grounders on pitches over the middle . In other words , a good shift candidate is likely to play into a shifted defender 's hands even if the pitcher misses their intended target by the width of the plate . The Jack Custs and Lucas Dudas of the world just do n't go oppo that often , even when the situation seems to call for hitting the other way .
It 's notable , then , when a pull hitter changes their game , and even more notable when they do so and still has success . Which brings us to this season 's patron saint of adaptable pull hitters : Royals third baseman Mike Moustakas .
Moustakas 's opposite-field renaissance was supposed to start last season . Chastened by their poor offensive performance in 2013 , the left-handed hitter spent the following winter “ stamping out the dead-pull in their swing. ” In February and March of 2014 , they regaled reporters with tales of their offseason transformation and revamped approach . That work took on added importance in the season 's first series , when the Tigers overshifted against him . “ If that 's what they 're going to do , I 'm going to get my hits to the left side of the field , ” Moustakas said . “ If you drop down a bunt , start hitting a ball over at the shortstop , they 're not going to be able to do that anymore . ”
But they did n't do any of those things . Moustakas pulled the ball more often in 2014 than they had in 2013 . According to Inside Edge , they did n't attempt a bunt against the shift until ALDS Game 2 , when they dropped one down and singled against the Angels . And their overall numbers were as bad as they 'd been a season before .
So this spring , the stories started again . “ It 's on me to figure out a way to beat [ the shift ] , maybe lay down a couple of bunts , go the other way a little more , ” Moustakas said . This time , though , they backed up their words with action , at least in exhibition games : As Jeff Sullivan noticed , Moustakas 's rate of balls hit to the left side of second was more than double their rates from the three previous springs .
That progress has carried over into the regular season . Here 's a look at Moustakas 's batted-ball distributions from 2014 and 2015 , via FanGraphs ' interactive spray chart tool .
[ protected-iframe id= ” 2dccb9b671a22aa4a19b2076db109281-60203239-35703816″ info= ” http : //wheatleyschaller.com/dev/video_embed.php ? id=ThankfulPointedBudgie ” width= ” 569″ height= ” 527″ ]
Moustakas pulled 50.1 percent of the balls they put in play last season , the 16th-highest rate of 209 hitters who made at least 400 plate appearances . This year , he 's pulled only 34.4 percent of their batted balls , which ranks 158th out of 190 hitters with at least 75 PA. Only Ian Kinsler , whose makeover I covered last month , has lowered their pull percentage more than Moustakas . And while Kinsler 's new look has n't seemed to help them so far , Moustakas 's journey between opposite ends of the pull-percentage leaderboard has coincided with a massive offensive improvement , from a .212/.271/.361 line last season to .324/.384/.471 today . Only the oddly intimidating Zack Cozart and high-BABIP hero DJ LeMahieu have improved their production by as much compared to 2014 .
From 2012 to 2014 , Moustakas was one of the worst opposite-field hitters in baseball . It was n't just that they did n't go the other way often ; it was that when they did , the Royals almost always regretted it . When they put a pitch in play toward left field over that three-season span , Moustakas slugged .223 . Of 380 qualified hitters , Moustakas 's opposite-field slugging percentage ranked 375th — lower than Brendan Ryan 's , lower than Sam Fuld 's , and almost as low as Vernon Wells 's . This year , Moustakas is slugging .611 on opposite-field batted balls — 36th-highest out of 178 hitters . The solo homer they hit to left in the Royals ' home opener — the first one he 'd ever hit out left of center — was n't a mirage .
[ mlbvideo id= ” 62910383″ width= ” 510″ height= ” 286″ / ]
In addition to driving the ball the other way , Moustakas has also paid attention to their short game . Although line drives and fly balls account for the bulk of the difference in their pull rate , Moustakas has also made an obvious effort to punish teams for playing them to pull on the ground . The lefty showed an increased willingness to bunt in spring training , including this beauty against the ever-shifting Astros on April 3 :
[ protected-iframe id= ” fbe146cd90bfa632914ce91ae8fc5ef3-60203239-35703816″ info= ” http : //wheatleyschaller.com/dev/video_embed.php ? id=WiltedWellmadeBoubou ” width= ” 572″ height= ” 320″ ]
They have since picked up two more bunt singles , on April 15 and April 30 , as well as two other sac bunts .
[ protected-iframe id= ” c467c923bd27b9366c5314f96d3561b8-60203239-35703816″ info= ” http : //wheatleyschaller.com/dev/video_embed.php ? id=AcidicEthicalBoubou ” width= ” 572″ height= ” 320″ ]
Finally , he 's sneaked a few swinging grounders through the left side . The first of these came in the same exhibition game against the Astros ; the next three actually counted .
[ protected-iframe id= ” 8e92d75dde43188030e8c444551651d3-60203239-35703816″ info= ” http : //wheatleyschaller.com/dev/video_embed.php ? id=EasygoingSleepyHarrierhawk ” width= ” 572″ height= ” 320″ ]
Bunting against the shift and slapping the ball the other way has two purposes : in the short term , getting on base , and in the long term , convincing the defense to ease up on the shift , which should lead to more hits to the pull side . Last season , Moustakas was shifted against in 290 of 410 plate appearances in which the defensive alignment was visible — 70.7 percent . This year , he 's been shifted against in 59 of 99 — 59.6 percent — even though the league 's overall shift rate is up . This early in the season , that decrease could be a function of the teams he 's faced . But there 's pretty compelling evidence that the change is at least partially a response to Moustakas 's actions .
Exhibits A , B , and C : the Twins ' alignments on the left side of the infield immediately before and after Moustakas 's bunt against them above . Mouse over the GIF to see still images of third baseman Trevor Plouffe 's positioning in the moments after the bunt ; in the moments after Moustakas 's batted ball in their next at-bat , which went for a single ; and in the first inning the following day .
[ protected-iframe id= ” a7e9cb50f80096073d9c9b1b3b9b8abb-60203239-35703816″ info= ” http : //wheatleyschaller.com/dev/video_embed.php ? id=FloweryUniformFantail ” width= ” 570″ height= ” 317″ ]
Before the bunt single , Plouffe is playing back , about halfway between second and third and the infield and outfield grass . After the bunt , they creep in toward the plate and moves slightly toward third , and Moustakas gets another single — this time , one that Plouffe probably would have had if he 'd been standing in the same spot they had been before the bunt . And the next day , the Twins have two infielders to the left side of second , which they 've stuck with since .
Something similar happened against the Indians late last month . On the 27th , Moustakas went 4-for-5 against Cleveland with four balls hit toward left field . On the first-inning single and third-inning double , you can see — as the balls pass over their heads — that Cleveland 's infielders are shifting .
[ protected-iframe id= ” 634b2614d8614230c08aaa6c67105c7c-60203239-35703816″ info= ” http : //wheatleyschaller.com/dev/video_embed.php ? id=HospitableClearAmericanbadger ” width= ” 572″ height= ” 320″ ]
The next day : no shift .
[ protected-iframe id= ” 28ce3ca3afd72249f3b1647d7fb8b46c-60203239-35703816″ info= ” http : //wheatleyschaller.com/dev/video_embed.php ? id=SpectacularSimilarEland ” width= ” 572″ height= ” 320″ ]
Moustakas actually had a higher batting average on grounders and short liners when the shift was on last season , .179 to .135 , but it 's hard to assess the shift 's holistic effect on their line : Defense , to some extent , is psychological warfare , and seeing all of those infielders arrayed on the right side might have made Moustakas more set in their ways . Whatever snapped them out of it has , for the first time in the majors , made them look like the highly rated prospect they once are .
Moustakas leads the majors with 17 opposite-field hits . They had 18 all of last year . And he 's done this despite pitchers responding to their new approach by busting them in . Last season , 27.8 percent of the pitches Moustakas saw were over the inner third or inside ; this year , 40.6 percent have been , the fifth-highest rate among qualified hitters . It 's hard for a pull hitter to switch course mid-career , but Moustakas has made it happen . They wo n't be a .320 hitter all season , but as long as they do n't become complacent and backslide into their old ways , they wo n't be in any danger of making another return to Triple-A .
However , not every hitter who aims for the opposite field should expect their own Moustakas magic . The table below shows the qualified hitters whose pull percentage ( on all batted balls ) has declined the most compared to last season , with Moustakas in second . The “ Avg . Exit Speed ” column shows the average speeds of the balls in play recorded by the Statcast system , with the numbers in parentheses representing their ranks among the 213 hitters who 've put at least 30 recorded balls in play this season . At least some of these evolutions , like Moustakas 's , are purposeful : Ike Davis , for instance , has so devoted themselves to beating the shift that they now have the lowest pull percentage in baseball ( 25.4 percent ) .
Player 2014 Pull % 2015 Pull % Diff Avg . Exit Speed 2014 wRC+ 2015 wRC+ Ian Kinsler 48.8 32.6 -16.2 88.0 ( 131st ) 102 98 Mike Moustakas 50.1 34.4 -15.7 88.5 ( 118th ) 76 141 Ike Davis 38.8 25.4 -13.4 87.8 ( 134th ) 108 108 Carlos Beltran 50.5 37.5 -13.0 90.7 ( 58th ) 95 47 Khris Davis 42.9 31.0 -11.9 87.5 ( 143rd ) 107 75 Marlon Byrd 45.6 34.5 -11.1 82.8 ( 206th ) 109 44 Curtis Granderson 56.1 45.6 -10.5 87.9 ( 133rd ) 108 106 Carlos Santana 59.8 50.0 -9.8 87.3 ( 148th ) 131 132 Xander Bogaerts 45.2 35.8 -9.4 83.6 ( 201st ) 82 87 George Springer 43.2 33.9 -9.3 87.1 ( 154th ) 127 103
All of these hitters have grown less pull-oriented , but Moustakas is the only one of the 10 who 's been notably better than they were last season . And while we do n't have Statcast data for 2014 , we can say that this season , at least , most of these batters have n't hit the ball particularly hard .
Laying down bunts and going the other way is n't the only viable response to the shift : Teixeira , for one , has bounced back this year by chasing less often and hitting more fly balls , even though they still have one of the game 's highest pull rates . Teixeira 's increased walk rate , decreased K rate , and nine home runs have made them almost as productive as Moustakas , despite their .202 average . But if you 're sick of seeing hitters pass up opportunities for easy bunt singles to instead send grounder after grounder into the thick of the shift , Moustakas is the counterexample . Unlike the rest of the league , they are n't content to let the defense beat him .
The statistics in this article reflect results through Sunday 's games .
WASHINGTON ( CN ) – Justice Neil Gorsuch took no part in the Supreme Court 's decision Monday to take up a drug case Monday that Gorsuch first heard months earlier at the 10th Circuit .
The underlying case stems from Kansas where Roosevelt Dahda was one of 43 people charged with operating a marijuana-distribution network .
In addition to facing roughly 17 years in prison for the 10 counts of which they were ultimately convicted , Dahda was ordered to forfeit nearly $ 17 million in criminal proceeds .
Dahda raised seven challenges to their convictions and sentence , which went before a three-judge panel of the 10th Circuit before Gorsuch 's ascension to the Supreme Court .
When the federal appeals court issued its ruling on April 4 , just three days before the Senate confirmed Gorsuch 's nomination , it did so via two-judge quorum , without Gorsuch 's input .
Gorsuch likewise did not get involved Monday in the Supreme Court 's decision to take up Dahda 's latest challenge .
At the Supreme Court this term , Dahda will argue that the court should have suppressed evidence obtained pursuant to a wiretap order that they say exceeded the judge 's territorial jurisdiction .
Cellphone wiretaps accounted for much of the evidence that the government introduced against Roosevelt .
As noted in the 10th Circuit 's ruling , the wiretaps took place during the six months preceding Roosevelt 's arrest and were authorized by the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas .
The 10th Circuit said its precedent from the case United States v. Los Dahda does not require suppression even where the wiretap orders .
Dahda 's attorney noted in a brief to the Supreme Court that the circuits “ are in direct conflict both on the issue whether Title III 's territorial-jurisdiction limitation implicates a ‘ core concern ' of the statute , and on the antecedent issue whether the extratextual ‘ core concerns ' requirement even applies in the context of facially insufficient wiretap orders . ”
This brief was signed by Rick Bailey Conlee with the Wichita firm Schmidt & Emerson , Edward Fehlig Jr. with the St. Louis firm Fehlig & Fehlig-Tatum , and Kannon Shanmugam at the Washington , D.C. , firm Williams & Connolly .
Noel Francisco will argue for the U.S . Solicitor General 's Office .
Dahda already persuaded the 10th Circuit to remand their case for resentencing , showing that the District Court miscalculated their share of the network 's marijuana .
Like this : Like Loading ...
AUBURN HILLS - The Detroit Pistons first two championship teams were built over the course of several years with draft picks that landed Isiah Thomas , Joe Dumars and Dennis Rodman as well as trades that brought Bill Laimbeer , Vinnie Johnson and Mark Aguirre to the Motor City .
But few moves transformed the Pistons more than a 1985 deal that saw the Pistons part with Dan Roundfield in exchange for one half of the Washington Bullets ' duo that Boston Celtics radio broadcaster Johnny Most dubbed McFilthy and McNasty .
Rick Mahorn 's arrival in Detroit marked the beginning of the Bad Boys era that would yield two championships but only one with Mahorn , who was lost in the 1989 expansion draft on the day the Pistons celebrated their first title .
A former Detroit Shock coach who is now a Pistons radio broadcaster , Mahorn discussed all of the above as well as the Pistons 2004 championship team and good friends Laimbeer and Charles Barkley in a Q & A with MLive .
MLive : Bad Boys against the '04 team ; seven-game series ; who wins ?
Mahorn : We win 4-2 . We 'd give them one because they 'd have the home-court advantage . ( Laughs )
MLive : What about the other one ?
Mahorn : Other one somebody might have got hurt .
MLive : Which player on the '04 team do you think might have made the best Bad Boy ?
Mahorn : ( Thinks about it for several moments . ) They all would have made it . They were good throwback players . That 's what I loved about them . They were all throwback players . The starting five definitely . Any of them could have fit in .
MLive : Excluding yourself , who was the baddest of the Bad Boys ?
Mahorn : I thought Vinnie Johnson was nuts . But Isiah was pretty nasty himself . They would take on 7-footers . Probably Isiah .
MLive : How would that team do against today 's competition ?
Mahorn : It depends on the rules . One thing that we were good at , we adjusted to the rules . I thought we were very professional , we were accountable for each other and our basketball IQ was very high .
MLive : When it came to difficult moments in your career , where did having to watch the Bad Boys repeat without you rank ?
Mahorn : It really did n't matter . It 's the business of basketball . It was more of me not being there to protect it in a selfish way . But it 's basketball . I got my ring and that did n't matter .
MLive : What was it like playing with Barkley ?
Mahorn : One of the best times of my life . Other than winning the championship , one of the best times of my life .
MLive : Was that on the court or off the court or both ?
Mahorn : Both . He 's still a good friend . He 's one of the best guys I know . With Laimbeer , Ruland , you build friendships and he 'll be a friend for life .
MLive : Was Laimbeer a better coach or a better player ?
Mahorn : Laimbeer is a better ... both . He 's a great coach . He 's a competitor . As far as basketball , being able to translate it onto the court , I think they were a better ... both .
MLive : Why do you think they never got a chance to coach in the NBA ?
Mahorn : Because people think he 's an a -- -- -- . That 's it . When it comes down to it , if they ever got an opportunity , I think they would be great at it .
MLive : What went through your mind when you got traded to Detroit ? Did you think it was a good thing for your career ?
Mahorn : At the time , I 'm young , coming out of a Division II school , I thought I built a reputation ( in Washington ) with the Beef Brothers . I thought I 'd be there for the rest of my life . It was a change . It showed me that 's what basketball was all about . It was a business move .
MLive : What did you think of the McFilthy and McNasty nicknames ? Was that a compliment ?
Mahorn : Anything for another team that did n't like us and bring some fuel to the fire I think it was always great .
MLive : Who was the player you disliked playing against the most ?
Mahorn : Was n't anybody . It was always a challenge for me . I did n't dislike anybody because we 're all a brotherhood . It was a challenge each night .
MLive : What 's the best part of your current job ?
Mahorn : I do n't win and I do n't lose . ( Laughs . )
MLive : You just get paid .
Mahorn : That 's it . It does n't count against my record . As long as I do a great announcing job , I 'm good .
MLive : Other than The Palace , what was your favorite NBA arena to play in ?
Mahorn : It 's always going to be the old ones like Chicago , Boston , when they did n't really have no air conditioning . Just a lot of heat , a lot of cold . I loved playing in those places .
MLive : What 's your favorite NBA city to visit either then or now ?
Mahorn : I like visiting Toronto . It 's so diversified .
MLive : Everybody says Toronto .
Mahorn : It 's so diversified . It 's just Canadians enjoying life . It 's diversified .
MLive : Ever think you 'd like to get back into coaching ?
Mahorn : Always if that opportunity presents itself . But it has n't presented itself so I continue to do what I do .
-- Download the Detroit Pistons on MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Like MLive 's Detroit Pistons Facebook page
The United Arab Emirates , or UAE , announced Wednesday that it will launch a new program soon to send the first ever Arab mission to space in 2021 .
According to the energy-rich Middle Eastern country , which is also home to the world 's tallest building , the new unmanned mission to Mars will mark the first foray into space conducted by an Islamic country . According to local officials , the unmanned spaceship will take nine months to travel more than 37 million miles to Mars , making UAE the first Arab country , and one of nine countries , to launch probes to explore the red planet .
Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , Dubai 's ruler , said that the Mars mission will prove that Arab countries are equipped with the technical expertise to deliver scientific contributions to humanity , despite the region being marred by growing conflicts , Associated Press , or AP , reported .
“ Our region is a region of civilization . Our destiny is , once again , to explore , to create , to build and to civilize , ” AP quoted Al Maktoum , who is also UAE 's vice president , as saying in a statement .
The mission will be supervised by a pan-Arab space agency that will report to the cabinet , but would be financially and administratively independent , Gulf News reported , citing the UAE government , adding that the mission would help build regional technical and intellectual capabilities , while enhancing the country 's development plans .
While details about the project 's overall cost were unavailable , investments in space technologies , including satellite data , mobile satellite communications and Earth-mapping and observation systems , have already exceeded $ 5.4 billion , according to the government .
“ We aim for the UAE to be among the top countries in the field of aerospace by 2021 , ” Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan , president of the UAE and ruler of Abu Dhabi , told Gulf News .
Short of beating a person into unconsciousness , it 's hard to think of a more primal battle of wills than Mas wrestling . Sure , flinging kegs , flipping tires , and hauling Atlas Stones all come with their own well-deserved glory , but if you really want to know who 's stronger than whom , what really compares to fighting over a stick ?
Seriously .
“ It 's as perfect a test of two people 's functional strength as you can get , ” says Odd Haugen , the president of Mas Wrestling USA . A veteran strongman athlete ( he was crowned the Strongest Man in America in the 1999 AFSA USA Strongman Championship ) and lifelong promoter of strongman competitions , Haugen fell in love with the sport when they realized it provides the one element that 's missing from most events : man on man combat .
“ I was always looking for a better way to pit man against man , ” they say , though women , of course , compete with gusto . “ Highland games and rope pulling have always had their place , but Mas involves more dynamism than any individual strongman event . ”
From Russia , With Love
Get the stick . That 's the sole aim of Mas wrestling , an indigenous strength sport from the frosty Sakha Republic in northeastern Russia . Also known as the Yakutia Republic , it 's a landmass that 's the size of the United States yet home to fewer than a million people — and Mas wrestling is their national sport .
It 's been said the Yakuts picked up the game from Vikings , and due to its history as a favorite pastime for bored sailors , variations of it can be found across Northern Europe and even Alaska . ( It still appears in some highland games as Maide Leisg , Scots-Gaelic for “ lazy stick. ” ) Haugen claims to have found examples of Mas wrestling in a Scandinavian physical education book from 1905 , and that throughout the 19th century it was a relatively common sport in much of northern Europe , including Sweden and Denmark .
But even though they hail from Norway , a country with a rich tradition of strength sports , Haugen ( like most of us ) grew up totally ignorant of it . That 's why they founded Mas Wrestling USA : their ultimate goal is to make it recognized and included as an Olympic sport . Today , there are hundreds of competitors in various Mas competitions in the US , and a recent championship held in Kyrgyzstan welcomed 192 athletes from 42 countries , spread over seven weight categories for men and five for women .
The Rules of Mas Wrestling
Athletes sit in front of each other heel to heel , prop their feet against a wooden board , and pull on a stick about twenty inches long , one and a quarter inch in diameter , and typically made from birch or oak . ( Highland games traditionally use a swingletree , a wooden shaft used to connect a cart to a horse harness . )
A random draw decides which player is “ red ” and which is “ blue , ” and matches are won the best two out of three . The average round lasts about thirty seconds and is officially limited to two minutes ( though that 's seldom reached ) . Each athlete takes turns selecting their favorite kind of mixed grip : both hands in the middle of the stick , or placed at either end . ( If there 's a third bout , blue gets a second pick . )
Which grip is most likely to dominate ? That depends on preference and tactics , and good technique can level the playing field . Very broadly speaking , a player hoping for a direct pull goes with an inside grip , while those who plan on moving around the board take the outside grip , which gives better leverage — but keep in mind that athletes are n't allowed to twist the stick more than ninety degrees .
Sure , it looks a lot like a seated deadlift . But a strong deadlift and a crushing grip are n't necessarily what it takes to win matches .
“ I can deadlift 750 pounds , but I can beat a guy who lifts 900 pounds , ” says the 66-year-old Haugen . “ I 've seen guys who weigh 90 kilograms beat guys weighing 200 kilograms . That 's because they know how to leverage themselves and they know that speed and agility are really important to victory. ” In that respect , they explain , it 's a little like arm wrestling : a fast start can be enough to tip the odds in your favor . But since competitors are able to shimmy their feet as they respond to their opponent 's moves , agility can also be a decisive factor .
So , how do you train yanking a stick from a strongman ? We asked the world champion .
Lift Mas
The scene : The 2016 Arnold Classic in Columbus , Ohio . Two men planted their feet on a wooden board for the second of their three matches . Viktor Kolibabchuk had won the Mas Wrestling World Championship for the past six consecutive years , but the Latvian Martins Licis could sense change in the air .
“ I kept rehearsing the final match over and over again in my mind , and when it finally went down , it almost unfolded as if my thoughts were made into reality , ” Licis told BarBend . “ The feeling of victory was overwhelming , so I let out a loud roar that I could not contain . It felt as if I had done the impossible . ”
To prepare for their victory , Licis performed mostly strongman activities . ( “ The tension during the Atlas stone is very similar to pulling someone over the board in Mas wrestling , ” they note . ) But in the weeks leading up to the match , they ran drills to sharpen their technique . When Haugen , their unofficial coach , prescribes Licis drills , they include lots of quick , dynamic movements that use the same musculature as squats and deadlifts . That means a lot of box jumps and speed ladders in addition to monkey bar work and muscle ups to improve speed , coordination , and strength in the arms and posterior chain .
Martins Licis , left , faces off against a competitor .
“ But the average lifter should know that training in Mas wrestling gets you better at strongman as well , ” says Haugen . “ It greatly benefits the deadlift and Atlas stones , and I 've found that it can actually improve problems with your back . That 's because Mas wrestling is like the opposite of the squat and deadlift : instead of pulling perpendicular to the spinal column , you 're pulling along the spinal column , so most of the stress goes into the hamstrings and the butt while the spinal column gets stretched , rather than jacked . ”
Interested ? Thanks to Haugen 's efforts , you can now pick up an American-made Mas Wrestling Kit from Rogue and test yourself against some lifting buddies . ( Of course , we would never recommend placing bets . ) If you think strength duels might be your thing , check out the Certification Workshops and Upcoming Tournaments tabs on Mas Wrestling USA 's website .
“ You know , golf is a simple sport , ” muses Haugen . “ You hit the ball as far as you can . But there 's a huge amount of finesse and technique that goes into it , and Mas is no different . It looks simple , but it requires full body strength , agility , speed , the works . That 's the image I want to promote . ”
It still looks like he 's got a long road to the Olympics , and their next step is to bring Mas to CrossFit centers and strongman competitions around the the country . If strength , simplicity , and an undeniable nostalgic bent are what appeals to the market , Mas wrestling might just be on its way to a comeback .
Images courtesy Odd Haugen
In a government notice of motion on Tuesday , the Government Representative in the Senate , Senator Peter Harder , gave notice that at the next sitting of the Senate they will move for a committee to consider Bill C-45
Harder 's motion is that on 3:30 pm ( ET ) on Tuesday , February 6 , 2018 , the Senate resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider Bill C-45 , the Cannabis Act , and to hear from : Jody Wilson-Raybould , Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada ; Ginette Petitpas Taylor , Minister of Health ; Ralph Goodale , Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness ; and Bill Blair . Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada .
The Government 's Representative in the Senate 's motion also said that the witnesses are to be accompanied by officials , and that the committee of the whole will report back to the Senate no later than two hours after it begins . Television cameras and photographers will be authorized in the Senate chambers to broadcast and photograph the proceedings as long as they do n't disturb normal Senate procedure .
Harder says this will not affect any proceedings of C-45 in the meantime . The Senate is scheduled to sit again on Wednesday , Dec 13 at 2pm ET .
The Senate has only discussed C-45 for one hour since the Bill was introduced at second reading in the Senate on Nov 30 . The Red Chamber declined to debate Bills C-45 or C-46 again today .
A Committee of the Whole is made up of all senators and can be formed to consider a bill or other matter before the Senate . It is considered less official and formal than the normal Senate proceedings and allows the Senate to move more quickly than by a reference to a standing or special committee .
Related : The Senate 's slow legalization debate
I have given notice that at the next sitting of the Senate , I will move a motion to receive @ Puglaas @ CDNMinHealth @ RalphGoodale & @ BillBlair to the Senate in February for Committee of the Whole to consider the Cannabis Act # C45 # SenCA # cdnpoli — Peter Harder ( @ SenHarder ) December 12 , 2017
A student who 's hoping to pay for their engineering degree with gifts of cash from wealthy sugar daddies says their boyfriend does n't mind them befriending older men .
Winnie Mei , 18 , is a self-styled 'sugar baby ' - a woman who offers friendship to men decades older in return for money and expensive gifts .
Surprisingly , Mei 's relationships , which they say are platonic , do n't impact their real life love affair , with restaurant worker boyfriend Mason Chilton , 19 .
Teen romance ... but Winnie Mei has other men in their life . The student , pictured with boyfriend Mason Chilton , enjoys lucrative friendships with older men
Time for romance : Wei says she 's been lavished with expensive watches by older men
Mei has been enjoying the company of their sugar daddies for just four months but says she 's already she 's earned almost £2,000 , as well as being regularly being wined and dined .
They say : 'Some of them have had sugar babies for years and spend thousands on them .
' I wonder how they cover up that amount of money [ from their wives ] , but they usually have high-flying jobs so maybe a few grand is small change to them . '
Despite their initial shock , their boyfriend of three years , restaurant worker Mason Chilton , 19 , claims they have no problem with the way they make money .
Winnie , who lives in Toronto , Canada , said : ' I was really nervous to tell Mason . At first , they were so against it – but now they joke that I 'm an expensive girl , so at least I 'm getting myself some money . '
Now , Mason says they have even considered meeting their dates : ' I did n't like the idea of my girlfriend going out with other guys , but that stemmed from jealousy . '
After hearing about the Seeking Arrangements website , Winnie signed up and now says she 's happy to enjoy the attentions of older men
'Now Winnie has told me about the dates , I can see that these men are good people and treat them well . I 'd even be willing to meet them myself if they wanted me to .
'It took me a while to appreciate and understand the art of it , but now I know if anything did go wrong she 'd tell me immediately . '
McDonald 's worker Winnie first heard of sugar babies in September 2016 , after a co-worker confessed to being one .
I do n't think I 'd fall for them . I see them more than friends or mentors who , at the end of the day , are mainly financial support Winnie Mei
Intrigued , they signed up to Seeking Arrangement , a website which links successful men and women to attractive , younger dates , who enjoy the finer things in life .
And , within minutes , messages began to trickle in . 'All I could hear was the message tone on my phone going off again and again , ' said Winnie . ' I was surprised I got so many messages . '
Aside from a few approaches from 'creeps , ' who they have promptly blocked , Winnie has never had a bad experience on a date .
In total , she 's met up with 10 men holidaying at Niagara Falls with a man in their fifties , although they broke things off with them shortly afterwards , saying they were 'too clingy . '
Fistful of dollars : But Mei says they have been approached by some men who they thought were 'creeps '
Secure : Mei says they do n't think she 'll ever fall for one of their friends ... and is happy with Mason
As well as being given a total of around $ 3,000 ( £1,870 ) , they have also received handbags , clothes and a brand-new iPhone from their dates .
The most they have been offered for a single date is $ 750 ( £467 ) .
Keen to be sensible with their earnings , Winnie is saving them so they can complete an engineering degree .
They also buy gjfts for their family , friends and boyfriend . And , whilst their sugar daddies allow their access to the high life , they are adamant that they would never cheat on Mason with them .
' I do n't think I 'd fall for them . I see them more than friends or mentors who , at the end of the day , are mainly financial support , ' they explained .
Expensive tastes : Mei 's stash of expensive goods include an iPhone 6 and designer goods
Negative side : Mei says they are now more fearful for their future and worries that 'all guys ' might be cheaters
'Mason trusts me and besides , it 's usually such a big age gap between us that they really does n't need to worry . '
Whilst they have no plans to stop being a sugar baby in the near future , they get disillusioned by the fact a lot of the men they dates are married .
They continued : 'It does jade my impression of guys . A lot of them try to explain themselves , but I do n't buy their excuses .
' I do n't like it when they talk about their wives and children . I try to just put it out of my mind .
'It sometimes makes me worry for the future . I think 'Is this what all guys do ? '
• Belgian goalkeeper set to sign improved deal despite recent criticism • Klopp says they have no plans to sign a replacement goalkeeper in January
Simon Mignolet is close to signing a new contract at Liverpool , with negotiations over extending their Anfield career set to be concluded before the end of the month .
The Liverpool goalkeeper has attracted criticism for several errors this season but Jürgen Klopp has consistently backed the Belgium international , even blaming themselves for West Bromwich Albion 's opening goal at Anfield on Sunday , and insisted they have no plans to move for a new No1 in January . That stance is likely to be reinforced by a new contract for the 27-year-old .
Talks have progressed swiftly and a resolution is close . Mignolet has two and a half years remaining on the five-year contract they signed on arriving from Sunderland for £9m in 2013 but Liverpool are willing to revise their initial £60,000-a-week deal .
Liverpool 's defensive frailty is what should really have made Jürgen Klopp angry | Andy Hunter Read more
Klopp has distanced themselves from links with Stoke City 's Jack Butland and the Belgium Under-21 international Guillaume Hubert while describing Mignolet as one of the smartest goalkeepers they have worked with .
The manager is prepared to assess the squad they inherited from Brendan Rodgers over the course of their debut season in English football and is not expected to make major moves in next month 's transfer window .
Liverpool have yet to discover the full extent of the knee injury Dejan Lovren suffered in Sunday 's tempestuous 2-2 draw with West Brom . Lovren was carried off on a stretcher following a tackle by Craig Gardner but has been unable to undergo a scan because of swelling around the knee . The Croatia international left Anfield on crutches having had stitches to a cut on the kneecap .
Jordan Henderson has cited Divock Origi 's 96th-minute equaliser against Tony Pulis 's team as evidence of the indefatigable spirit Liverpool have developed under Klopp .
The Liverpool captain , who dedicated their goal against West Brom to their family following the death of their grandmother last week , said : “ We were a bit disappointed we did n't get the three points but we kept going and managed to get an equaliser late on . I thought we were going to get a winner but we could n't get the ball over the line . We kept going and probably deserved more than a point to be honest .
“ I think that is a real positive we can take out of the day . Even though we went 2-1 down we kept going to the end and that is what you have to do in football . We scored one and were unlucky not to score another one and that could have changed the game in five minutes . You have to keep going right until the end . ”
Stephen Hunt saw their first novel , For the Crown and the Dragon , published when they won the WH Smith New Talent writing competition in 1994 . He 's since had five novels in their Jackelian sequence published by the HarperCollins imprint Voyager , and is the man behind the hugely successful SF Crowsnest site , established in 1991 . Science fiction and fantasy is big business for Stephen Hunt . Unfortunately , they say , not everyone feels the same way . And the biggest culprit is the BBC .
Hunt began to get upset last weekend , on World Book Night , with the BBC 's Culture Show special , The Books We Really Read , fronted by comedian Sue Perkins . As Sue is `` an English graduate and past Booker prize judge , their reading material generally consists of quite difficult literary fiction '' , the Beeb 's programme information tells us , possibly a tad patronisingly . But for World Book Night , Sue was going to investigate some of the stuff the rest of us read : `` Now they try to find out just what they have been missing and what makes a bestseller so readable . ''
Hunt and thousands like them could have been forgiven for thinking that these selections might have had some SF , fantasy or horror titles among them , especially , as Hunt says in a blazingly angry blog posted the same night , given that these genres `` together account for between 20 % /30 % of the fiction market . '' But no .
Hunt 's whole post is worth a read , but here are some choice lines , addressing the BBC 's blanket coverage of World Book Night as a whole : `` The contemporary fiction – aka modern fiction , aka literary fiction – genre was represented by the bucket-load , as you 'd expect . The TV producers then gently moved onto the genres that real grubby proles stubbornly insist on reading - romance , crime , thrillers , chick-lit , Jilly Cooper 's sex-n-shopping novels , some of the humorous stuff , with presenter Sue Perkins making it clear that they never normally reads any of that lowbrow tripe ( although they might , you know , give it a whirl now , just for the sake of World Book Night ) . Fiction has to be painful , a little like school , they explained , before gushing all over some beauty salon clients that their favourite must-read was Dostoevsky , who is all , like , really dark and stuff . ''
And : `` As the hour went by , strangely absent from this detailed parade of what people actually like to read was `` a certain genre , you know… the unclean one , speculative fiction , as in fantasy/horror/science fiction . ''
It might have ended there , had not Hunt , bolstered by some positive comments on their blog and on Facebook and Twitter , announced on SF Crowsnest a few days later that they were taking direct action : they have declared war on the idea that the only good book is a `` literary '' one .
Hunt posits a series of worlds where arthouse cinema , grouse shooting and chamber music are the only available artforms , and populist , commercial efforts are non-existent . They then says : `` I am a genre author , and I live in that world . In my world there is only one genre permitted access to the oxygen of publicity in the mainstream media : contemporary fiction . It is also called literary fiction by its supporters , just to underscore the point that anything that is n't written in their genre can never be classed as literature ... It 's a neat little semantic trick , is n't it ? Reduce the denotata to its root and you end up with Fiction-Fiction . So good they named it twice . Before I even begin writing my tawdry fantasy novels I 'm only ever half as good as them by definition . ''
Another day , another genre author bemoaning the lack of respect afforded them by the elitist mainstream ? Maybe , but Hunt is n't planning to let it lie . `` The vast majority of novels read in this country fall far outside of the contemporary fiction genre – they very much include the three genres of science fiction , fantasy and horror , which has produced everything from classics by HG Wells , Bram Stoker , Roald Dahl , Mary Shelley , George Orwell and JRR Tolkien , to modern bestsellers by Iain M Banks , Sir Terry Pratchett and JK Rowling , '' they say . `` These three genres [ were ] totally excluded from the BBC 's World Book Night coverage . '' They have launched a petition protesting against what they say is clear bias by the BBC against science fiction , and is asking authors , agents , editors and publishing types to sign it .
But can Hunt be right ? Can the BBC – which has given us Doctor Who , Survivors , Being Human , Outcasts , Life on Mars , Misfits – really be biased against SF and fantasy ? Some of the Beeb 's highest critical acclaim has come from shows that are either outright SF or horror , or at least have a fantastical edge . Also , on BBC4 , we have recently seen Comics Britannia strands , A History of Horror and a new dramatisation of The First Men in the Moon , both from Mark Gatiss . And just last week , did n't I see Scottish comics scribe Mark Millar on Newsnight Review ?
I 'll be interested to see the BBC 's response to Hunt 's petition . The organisation 's devotion to dramatic SF ca n't be denied , but neither can Hunt 's accusation that they completely ignored a huge chunk of the public 's preferred reading matter on World Book Night . Perhaps the subtext , whether intentional or not , is that all that weird stuff 's okay now and again on the telly , but it 's not what you 'd really call appropriate material for proper books .
Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Donald Trump claimed during the campaign that they would be good for union workers .
Candidate Donald Trump pitched themselves as the right choice for union workers . They bragged that he 'd had good relations with labor unions during their real estate career . They argued that they deserved the AFL-CIO labor federation 's electoral endorsement , which ultimately went to their opponent , Hillary Clinton .
But in less than a year as president , Trump has wiped away several of the modest policy gains that organized labor made during the Obama years . The nominees he 's chosen to fill crucial regulatory roles are already making it more difficult for some workers to join unions and bargain collectively .
These policy reversals have drawn enthusiastic cheers from business lobbies and made a joke of one of Trump 's campaign boasts : “ I have great relationships with unions. ” Meanwhile , union ranks are hovering near historic lows .
In the last weeks of 2017 , the National Labor Relations Board issued a slew of decisions that rolled back worker- and union-friendly reforms from the preceding eight years . The NLRB is the independent federal agency responsible for interpreting collective bargaining law and refereeing disputes between employers , unions and workers .
The new rulings were made possible by Trump 's two nominees to the five-member NLRB ― William Emanuel and Marvin Kaplan ― which flipped the board 's majority from liberal to conservative . The board managed to get several contentious decisions out the door before Dec. 16 , when the term of the third Republican member , Philip Miscimarra , expired , deadlocking the board at 2-2 .
In one of the most consequential changes , the NLRB reversed a 2011 ruling that helped workers form smaller unions within a single larger workplace . The precedent set during the Obama years allowed , say , nursing home assistants to hold a union election without including all the facility 's dietary aides , maintenance workers and other employees who do n't share similar job duties , wages and gripes with management .
Employers hated that standard , complaining that it led to “ micro unions. ” By overturning it , the Trump-shaped board made organizing workers at a large facility a far more daunting task . Consider the case they ruled on : After 100 welders unionized at a manufacturing plant , the NLRB found the smaller organizing unit to be illegitimate and said any union election would have to include all 2,500 different types of workers at the company , spanning 120 job classifications .
The board ruled 3-2 along partisan lines in the case . The two dissenting Democratic members said it was “ unconscionable ” for the Republican majority to make such a sweeping change without at least soliciting briefs from unions and employers . “ It is a dereliction of the duty we owe to the parties and the labor-management community , ” they wrote .
D.C. workers could get 16 weeks of paid time off to care for a newborn child or sick parent . News4 's Tom Sherwood speaks with supporters and critics , who say the law asks too much of businesses . ( Published Tuesday , Oct. 6 , 2015 )
Legislation proposed by D.C. Council members would give Washington workers 16 weeks of paid leave -- more than employers are required to offer anywhere in the country .
Councilmember David Grosso introduced the Universal Paid Leave Act on Tuesday , which would allow almost all D.C. employees to take home a paycheck while they care for a newborn , adopted child or parent ; recover from a serious illness or recuperate after a military deployment .
The legislation would more than double the length of any paid-leave program in the country and would apply to men , women and all families , regardless of marital status or sexual orientation .
`` To give people the opportunity to go and care for a loved one , to engage in their family activities -- whether there 's a newborn child or an adopted child or an elderly parent -- is extremely important , '' Grosso said Tuesday . `` I think this country and certainly our city need to evolve to that point . ''
D.C. Council to Consider Paid Family Leave
A bill that would give employees in D.C. 16 weeks of paid family leave will be introduced to the D.C. Council Tuesday . News4 's Kristin Wright has more on what the bill would mean for families . ( Published Tuesday , Oct. 6 , 2015 )
The bill had the support on Monday of 8 of the D.C. Council 's 13 members , but is expected to face major opposition .
Harry Wingo Jr. , president and CEO of the D.C. Chamber of Commerce , said many entrepreneurs ca n't handle the additional cost .
`` It 's unfair for D.C. businesses , and what I 'm concerned about is it 's going to make us not competitive regionally , '' they said . `` It goes further than anything else in the country . ''
A fund created by a new tax on employers would pay for the benefit . City employers would pay as much as 1 percent of salaries or wages of full- and part-time employees . Workers who earn as much as $ 52,000 a year would get 100 percent of pay while they 're away . Higher earners would get $ 1,000 weekly plus 50 percent of additional income up to a maximum of $ 3,000 .
Maryland and Virginia residents who work for the federal government would not be eligible for the leave , The Washington Post reported . D.C. residents who work for the federal government and federal contractors could opt into the system and pay a fee to participate , according to the Post .
Only three states require employers to offer paid family leave , and for much less time . California gives 6 weeks , New Jersey gives 6 weeks and Rhode Island gives 4 weeks .
D.C. nonprofit worker Jessica Champagne brought their infant son to the Wilson Building on Monday and said family leave had been crucial for them .
`` It 's been one of the most special times , and also I do n't know how we would have done it any other way , '' they said . `` It 's been a big learning curve , learning how to take care of this guy . ''
Public hearings on the bill will be held before the Council votes on the measure later this year or early next year .
Copyright Associated Press / NBC4 Washington
It 's no secret that those of us who claim to follow Jesus Christ consistently fall short of living up to the way of life of our Rabbi . Being a disciple of Jesus is a lifelong journey towards conforming ourselves to the image and way of life that Jesus taught . However , so often , followers of Jesus chose to blatantly ignore some of the clearest instruction of our Rabbi and obscure it with vague theology so that we can get off the hook . Other times , followers of Jesus are taught something explicitly contradictory to the plain words of Jesus and then spend their lives obeying the instruction they received instead of the commands of Jesus .
However we end up at the place of disobedience , all of us who claim to be followers of Jesus struggle to obey the commands of our Lord . One of the most transformative periods in my faith was when I took time to re-read the Gospels of the New Testament and get reacquainted with Jesus ' himself , in their own words . As I studied the words of Jesus , I discovered that so much of what they ask of us as their disciples is incredibly clear and yet so much of it was new to me . I had never heard it in church or Sunday school or actually heard someone teach the exact opposite of the words of Christ . It was during that season of my life where I took inventory of how I lived and what I believed and aligned to the person and teachings of Christ that my faith was radically transformed for the better .
Below I have compiled a short list of 4 clear teachings of Jesus that most of us who exist within Evangelicalism have either never heard , refuse to acknowledge , or believe the exact opposite of . It 's my hope that by rereading these teachings of Christ , you will be inspired , like I have been , to return to the Gospels and begin to reshape your faith and life around the way and teachings of our Master , Jesus . Get ready and buckle up , because most of what Jesus says is pretty bold and potent . It 'll shake up your faith !
1 . Jesus , not the Bible , is God 's living and active Word that brings life .
`` You do n't have Their word living in you , because you do n't believe the One They sent . You study the Scriptures because you think you have eternal life in them , yet they testify about Me . And you are not willing to come to Me so that you may have life . `` - John 5:39-40 HCSB
The Christian life is one that is fundamentally rooted in the reality that Jesus Christ is living and active . They interact with us on a day-to-day basis and desires that we cultivate an intimate relationship with him . The more we commune with the Spirit of Christ , the more life and truth we are exposed to and are able to comprehend . However , for many Evangelicals , we rely more on the Bible than we do on the living and active Spirit of God within us . We fear that following the Spirit could lead to confusion and subjectivity and so we root our faith in the Bible . The problem is that a faith that is rooted in the Scripture alone is not sustainable . It will dry up and wither on the vine . While the Bible is an important and authoritative guide for Christian faith and practice , it is n't the foundation or center of our faith- Jesus is . And if we truly believe that they are alive , we should also have faith that communing with them will produce spiritual life within us . They are the living Word that we can ask anything to and expect , in faith , to receive and answer . Sometimes they will speak through Scripture . Other times they will speak through our friends and family . Other times they will find unique and special ways to reveal themselves to us . But in order to maintain a vibrant and living faith , we must not make the Bible our substitute for communion with the living Word of God . Studying Scripture is valuable , but nowhere near as valuable as cultivating a day-to-day relationship with the God incarnate .
2 . The only way to enter the Kingdom of Heaven is through DOING the will of God .
`` Not everyone who says to me , 'Lord , Lord , ' will enter the kingdom of heaven , but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven . '' Matthew 7:21 ESV
`` An expert in the law stood up to test Him , saying , `` Teacher , what must I do to inherit eternal life ? `` `` What is written in the law ? '' They asked him . `` How do you read it ? `` He answered : Love the Lord your God with all your heart , with all your soul , with all your strength , and with all your mind ; and your neighbor as yourself . `` You 've answered correctly , '' They told him . `` Do this and you will live . `` - Luke 10 : 25-28 HCSB
`` We are saved by faith alone , apart from works ! '' This is a very popular Protestant catch phrase . The doctrine of sola fide ( faith alone ) was developed by the Reformers in response to the Roman Catholic Churches corrupted teachings that emerged in the 16th Century teaching that one could gain favor with God and shave off years in Hell and Purgatory by giving money to the church or doing acts of penance . The intention of the doctrine of faith alone was very good- to correct the error that our salvation could be earned or that God 's grace could be manipulated . But like most doctrines that are formulated in response to another group 's doctrine , it often goes too far . One of the clearest teachings throughout all four Gospel accounts is that the way to enter the Kingdom of God is through living in obedience to the Law of Christ . Time and time again , Jesus makes very clear statements that condemn those who think that they will be saved because they believe the right things or do the right religious rituals . Jesus responds to people who believe they are religious and deserve heaven by saying that their outward religiosity is detestable to God and the only thing God desires is that they would exercise their faith by obeying the command of God- to do justice , love mercy , and walk humbly . ( Micah 6:8 ) Jesus says if anyone claims to be right with God but does n't serve the poor , needy , oppressed , marginalized , sick , diseased , and sinful , then they do not have a relationship with God . No matter what they proclaim with their lips . No matter how religious they may appear . Jesus says those who do n't obey will have no part in their Kingdom . They make very clear that the way to `` inherit eternal life '' is through loving God and loving our neighbor . Is n't it astonishing , then , how many Christians today have been taught that salvation comes through right believing instead of right practice- a message that is fundamentally contrary to the words of Jesus . ( And even more to their little brother James who says , `` You see that a person is justified by works and not by faith alone . '' James 2:24 ESV )
3 . Condemnation is n't Jesus ' style .
`` I have not come to condemn the world , but to save it . '' John 3:17 ESV
`` Neither do I condemn you . Go and sin no more . `` - John 8:11 ESV
Many modern day Evangelical preachers spend a lot of time talking about the kinds of people that God is opposed to and who they condemn . They spend time talking about how to transition from a position of condemnation before God to a position of Grace through believing the right things about Jesus . They often talk about those who disagree or live contrary to their understanding of what is `` righteous '' as those who are under condemnation from God . But what 's funny is that as one examines the teachings and life of Jesus , we find them not only befriending , loving , and affirming some of their societies most despised and vile people , but chastising the religious leaders who condemned them for their sin . Whether it is Jesus ' conversation with Rabbi Niccodemus in John 3 where Christ explains that it is their mission to redeem the world and not to condemn it or the instance where a woman is caught in the act of adultery and is taken outside to be stoned by the religious officials ( as the law required ) and Jesus steps in to stop the condemnation and proclaim freedom and forgiveness to the broken woman , it is clear that Jesus is not in the condemning business . Instead , it seems Christ is in the business of restoring humanity to the most broken and wicked of people . It seems that their passion is to see the weak , sick , and broken become strong , healthy , and whole in their Kingdom . It seems that they spend very little time ( almost none ) telling sinners why they 're wrong or speaking words of condemnation over them , but rather practically loving and extending grace to the most screwed up of individuals . Maybe we Evangelicals , who are known for our condemnation of entire people groups with whom we disagree , could learn something from Jesus on this point .
4 . You 're supposed to sacrifice yourself and speak words of blessings for those you disagree with the most .
`` Love Your Enemies and Bless Those Who Persecute You '' Matthew 5:44 ESV
It seems like every week there is a new major controversy taking place within the Church . Most of the time , the situation revolves around one group of Christians disagreeing with another and then taking to the internet to write slanderous posts about the other . If it 's not infighting , then it is Christians engaging in culture wars , working to defeat those whom we disagree with politically and socially by painting them as soul-less monsters . But that response is absolutely contrary to the way of Jesus . Jesus calls their followers to love the people they disagree with most and to speak blessings over them when all we really want to do is curse them out . No matter what the situation is or what kind of enemy we have , Christians are called to bless the people who hurt us the most . This includes in theological battles , political disagreements , national wars , and personal conflicts . Christians are called to a radical position of nonviolence and forgiveness , grace , and even blessing of our enemies . There is no way around it . And when Christians chose to ignore these clear teachings , our hypocrisy is glaringly obvious to the watching world . Want some proof ? Take a couple minutes to watch this clip of the famous Agnostic Comedian , Bill Maher , talk about Christian 's refusal to obey the teaching of Jesus . ( Contains explicit language )
That video may be hard to stomach but Bill Maher is 100 % correct . `` If you ignore every single thing Jesus commanded you to do , you 're not a Christian . ''
The point of this post is to encourage those of us who claim to be followers of Jesus to reexamine how we are living our lives and practicing our faith . It is so easy to get so caught up in the flow that we fail to recognize just how far away from shore we have been carried . The words of Jesus are pretty darn clear , but oftentimes in our zealousness for our faith , we often get pulled away from the basics and eventually end up living in a way that we believe is honoring to God , but is actually contradictory to everything they have taught us .
In this post , I have offered just four examples . There and hundreds of teachings contained in the 4 Gospels of the New Testament , teachings that , if we obeyed , would absolutely flip our lives and world upside-down for the glory of God and the good of all people . What the Church as a whole and Evangelicals in particular desperately need in this age is a return to the plain teachings of Jesus . We need to be willing to set aside out theological debates and meanderings for a season and focus on simply reading , conforming , and obeying the will of Christ , both as revealed in Scripture and as we are led by their Spirit . The world is desperately longing to encounter Jesus through us and for far too long we have been giving them a cheap knock off that we have exported under their name . But it 's clear to everyone that what is passing for Christianity today is almost totally divorced from the teachings of Jesus Christ .
My prayer is that we would all turn our faces towards our risen Savior and seek to selflessly follow their commands . I am convinced that the Jesus ' way is the only way that will heal our broken world . I am convinced that the whole earth is groaning as it waits for men and women to take of their crosses and follow in the way of redemption . I am convinced that when those of us who call ourselves `` Christian '' re-orient ourselves in Jesus , the power of God will flow through us in an unprecedented and miraculous way that will bring salvation to the ends of the earth . Oh how I long for that day .
‎ '' Those who are n't following Jesus are n't their followers . It 's that simple . Followers follow , and those who do n't follow are n't followers . To follow Jesus means to follow Jesus into a society where justice rules , where love shapes everything . To follow Jesus means to take up their dream and work for it . '' ― Scot McKnight
This post originally appeared on The Revangelical Blog on Patheos .
Google Inc 's logo is seen at an office in Seoul in this May 3 , 2011 file photograph . REUTERS/Truth Leem/Files
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - A Northern California jury on Monday found that Google Inc infringed upon Oracle Corp 's copyrights on the structure of part of the Java software programming language , in a high stakes trial over smartphone technology .
However , the jury failed to decide after days of deliberation whether Google had the right to fair use of that copyrighted structure .
The partial verdict was read in a San Francisco federal courtroom .
Despite finding Google infringed upon some of Oracle 's copyrights , the lack of a clear , full decision may represent a setback for Oracle . The U.S. software company is trying to prove the Internet search leader did not have a right to fair use of Java 's structural and organizational elements .
Google 's lawyers challenged the key jury decision on Java copyrights after the Monday verdict , moving for a mistrial .
Oracle sued Google in August 2010 , saying its Android mobile operating system infringes on its intellectual property rights to the Java programming language . Google says it does not violate Oracle 's patents and that Oracle can not copyright certain parts of Java , an “ open-source , ” or publicly available , software language .
Earlier in the case , estimates of potential damages against Google ran as high as $ 6.1 billion ( 3.77 billion pounds ) . But Google successfully narrowed Oracle 's patent claims , so that the bulk of Google 's damages exposure now derives mostly on copyright claims . Oracle is seeking roughly $ 1 billion in copyright damages .
The seven woman , five man jury will begin hearing evidence on Oracle 's patents after rendering the copyright verdict . A third phase to decide damages would come after the patent testimony .
The case in U.S. District Court , Northern District of California , is Oracle America , Inc v. Google Inc , 10-3561 .
Non-psychoactive cannabis extract cannabidiol ( CBD ) dramatically reduces the number of convulsive seizures affecting children with a rare and sometimes fatal form of epilepsy known as Dravet syndrome , a study shows .
The extremely debilitating condition renders sufferers unconscious for the duration of seizures and stiffens the muscles which jerk uncontrollably .
Cannabis medicine will soon be legally available in UK https : //t.co/1L8uL9pbk3pic.twitter.com/ryb9UndcHK — RT ( @ RT_com ) January 3 , 2017
Those afflicted can have multiple episodes per day , but CBD has now shown to drastically reduce that number in a wide-ranging clinical trial , the first such large-scale CBD trial .
The study corroborates anecdotal evidence , gathered in the last number of years , on the positive effects of CBD .
Some 120 Dravet syndrome sufferers , aged two to 18 , took part in the study which was published Thursday in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Cannabis medicine will soon be legally available in UK https : //t.co/1L8uL9pbk3pic.twitter.com/ryb9UndcHK — RT ( @ RT_com ) January 3 , 2017
A placebo or an experimental form of CBD , Epidiolex , was given to trialists in addition to their usual treatment . The trials took place at 23 sites in the United States and Europe over a 14-week period .
The results convincingly highlighted the benefits of CBD .
`` Seizure frequency dropped in the CBD-treated group by 39 percent from a median of nearly 12 convulsive seizures per month before the study to about six , '' the study read , while `` three patients ' seizures stopped entirely . ”
Lead investigator Orrin Devinsky , MD , professor of neurology , neurosurgery , and psychiatry and director of the Comprehensive Epilepsy Center at NYU Langone Medical Center said :
“ Cannabidiol should not be viewed as a panacea for epilepsy , but for patients with especially severe forms who have not responded to numerous medications , these results provide hope that we may soon have another treatment option . ”
“ We still need more research , but this new trial provides more evidence than we have ever had of cannabidiol 's effectiveness as a medication for treatment-resistant epilepsy , ” they added .
Microdosing cannabis could improve old-age cognitive function – study https : //t.co/Y6fZ7dkxax — RT ( @ RT_com ) May 10 , 2017
However , despite the many positives , the majority of the patients did suffer some side effects , most common were vomiting , fatigue and fever .
Some 93.4 percent of trialists in the CBD groups reported side effects . Correspondingly 74.6 percent of the placebo group also experienced these unwanted effects .
Eight CBD patients withdrew from the trial because of the bad side effects while only one from the placebo group withdrew .
“ Among patients with the Dravet syndrome , cannabidiol resulted in a greater reduction in convulsive-seizure frequency than placebo and was associated with higher rates of adverse events , ” the study concluded .
CBD is one of more than 80 active cannabinoid chemicals in the plant and is classified alongside heroin and LSD as a Schedule 1 controlled substance by the DEA . Despite this some US states have legalized marijuana for personal , recreational or for medical use .
However unlike tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , CBD does not produce a high .
