Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post via Getty Images Advocates for marijuana legalization rallied outside the White House on April 2 . A marijuana advocacy organization based in D.C. will meet with the administration next week .
WASHINGTON -- A member of the Obama administration will meet with representatives of the marijuana advocacy community on Monday in what is being billed as a groundbreaking gathering .
DCMJ , an organization created in 2013 that has advocated for the legalization of marijuana in the District of Columbia , says it was extended a tete-a-tete with a representative of the Obama administration after having been rebuffed two times prior . The meeting , according to Adam Eidinger , co-founder of the group , will be the first time that they have sat down with a political aide -- they declined to name the aide because of the sensitivity of the meeting -- and possibly the first time a national reform group has had such an audience .
“ DCMJ appreciates greatly the invitation by the Obama administration to begin an educated and passionate dialogue into the need to remove cannabis from the list of Schedule One drugs , ” Eidinger said in a statement . “ Thanks to Schedule One of the Controlled Substances Act , Americans , especially people of color , are needlessly incarcerated , and critical medical research into the healing properties of cannabis is placed on hold for no good reason . ”
A White House official did not return a request for comment on the meeting . But should it take place as planned , it would signal a growing willingness on the part of the administration to revisit marijuana policy in the closing months of Obama 's time in office . In October 2014 , press secretary Josh Earnest explicitly stated that the president was not evolving on the issue .
`` All I can say is that our policy , when it comes to marijuana , has n't changed , and I 'm not aware of any policy process that 's underway to change it right now , '' they said in November of 2015 .
In a phone interview on Wednesday , Eidinger said they had asked the White House to allow other reform groups to attend the discussion but the administration declined . Eidinger , who helped spearhead the marijuana legalization efforts in Washington , D.C. , said they would use the Monday meeting to encourage the White House to host a summit on cannabis before the president leaves office .
`` You do n't have to do anything ; just absorb [ the conversation ] , '' Eidinger said in a phone interview . `` They have incredible dialogues with the gay and lesbian community and the civil rights community . But they never actually sit down with the marijuana people . ''
In addition to the push for a summit , Eidinger said they will encourage the White House to create a federal legal framework to bring cannabis under the interstate commerce clause , and encourage the legalization of personal cultivation .
Nikolas Schiller , a DCMJ co-founder who will be attending the meeting , said the group will also try to convey to the Obama administration why marijuana should be `` descheduled '' and no longer placed in the same category as deadly drugs under the Controlled Substances Act . Marijuana is currently considered a Schedule I drug , meaning the federal government says it has “ no currently accepted medical use. ” The list includes drugs such as heroin , LSD and ecstasy .
The Drug Enforcement Administration recently indicated that the agency would decide whether to reschedule marijuana by the middle of 2016 . While rescheduling marijuana would not make the drug legal under federal law , it would make it easier to do research on potential benefits and would also reduce penalties for marijuana-related offenses .
The Obama administration has said it considers marijuana policy a states ' rights issue , and in 2013 allowed marijuana legalization to move forward in Washington and Colorado .
In the wake of Monday night 's alleged attack by Israel on a Hezbollah arms convoy , the organization 's chief , Hassan Nasrallah , warned key military personnel of the possibility of war with the Jewish state , a Lebanese journalist with close ties to the organization said on Thursday .
“ In their recent speech , Hassan Nasrallah warned that Hezbollah 's readiness against the [ Israeli ] enemy has nothing to do with other battles , ” Ibrahim Al-Amin , editor of Lebanon 's Al-Akhbar daily wrote in a column . “ What they did not say publicly , they told their party 's military personnel in closed meetings where they called them to action , saying that the resistance [ Hezbollah ] may be forced to wage a battle on three fronts at the same time : in Syria , inside [ Lebanon ] , and against the [ Israeli ] enemy . ”
Israel put its troops on the northern border with Lebanon on high alert Wednesday , shortly after Hezbollah threatened retaliation for the alleged Israeli airstrike . Lebanese media reported Monday that Israeli Air Force jets struck targets near the border with Syria in the Bekaa Valley .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Lebanon 's Daily Star reported that two trucks transferring missiles and a missile launcher were targeted in the raid as they were being transported from Syria to a Hezbollah storage facility . However , Hezbollah denied that a missile or artillery site was the target .
Israel and Hezbollah both denied the reports at the time , but a senior Israeli security official told Time magazine on Tuesday that the Jewish state was indeed behind the bombing . On Wednesday , Hezbollah acknowledged it was attacked by Israel and warned that it would strike back when and where it deemed appropriate .
In their column , Al-Amin compared Israel 's confirmation of the attack a day after it allegedly took place to the conduct of a man who ejaculates prematurely while engaged in sexual relations with a woman because he 's too eager to kiss and tell .
“ That 's the way Israel is , always in a hurry , ” they wrote . “ Its leaders apply the popular Israeli saying regarding the behavior of men , whereby the Israeli man reaches their sexual climax quickly only so they can run and tell their friends that they scored with a woman . ”
Ilan Ben Zion contributed to this report .
[ 3,254 views ]
City of Caterpillar
This Octoberwill play what are being billed as their final U.S. tour dates . Said tour includes 14-dates and performances on both coasts , featuring shows alongside Thou , Touche Amore , and Majority Rule , among others . Here 's the schedule:10/11 Portland , OR @ Bossanova Ballroom w/ Thou , Dreamdecay10/12 Seattle , WA @ Vera Project w/ Thou , Dreamdecay10/13 Olympia , WA @ Obsidian w/ Thou10/14 Eureka , CA @ Venue TBC w/ Thou10/15 San Francisco , CA @ Thee Parkside w/ Thou , Litany for the Whale10/16 Oakland , CA @ New Parish w/ Thou , Litany for the Whale10/17 Santa Ana , CA @ Constellation Room w/ Thou , Children of God , Rats in the Wall10/18 Los Angeles , CA @ Teregram Ballroom w/ Thou , Touche Amore10/19 San Diego , CA @ Soda Bar w/ Thou10/20 Goleta , CA @ The Hard To Find w/ Dangers , Coherence10/21 Santa Rosa , CA @ Arlene Francis Center w/ Litany for the Whale10/28 Gainesville , FL @ The Fest w/ Hum , Majority Rule , Iron Reagan10/29 Atlanta , GA @ The Earl w/ Majority Rule , Deep State10/30 New Orleans , LA @ Zeitgeist w/ Thou , Majority Rule
CALGARY — The Calgary Stampeders have re-signed national offensive lineman Dan Federkeil , the team announced Friday .
The 33-year-old Medicine Hat native has spent the past four seasons with the Stamps , making a total of 42 starts at right tackle . They have also played in three playoff games and two Grey Cups with the Red and White and was a member of the Stamps ' 2014 championship team .
“ Once we were comfortable with Dan 's health situation , we were happy to welcome them back , ” said Stampeders head coach Dave Dickenson . “ He 's a very good football player who will continue to help us win lots of football games . ”
Federkeil is medically cleared to play after undergoing shoulder surgery at the conclusion of the 2016 season .
Federkeil previously played four seasons with the National Football League 's Indianapolis Colts and is part of a select group of players with both Grey Cup and Super Bowl rings . They played five seasons with the Dinos and in 2005 was a finalist for the J.P. Metras Trophy as the top lineman in Canadian university football . Federkeil was a second-team Canadian university all-star in both 2003 and 2005 .
“ I wanted to take a step back and evaluate things after my shoulder surgery at the end of last season but now that I 'm healthy and ready to go , I 'm looking forward to starting the season , ” said Federkeil .
AFP•GETTY London was last hit by terror attacks in July 2005
They made the chilling threats on Twitter after at least 129 people were killed by a series of co-ordinated terror attacks on Paris on Friday night . After gloating about the horror that shocked the world , armchair jihadists tweeted that London could be next . The twisted tweeters also claimed to have two other major capitals in their sights – Washington DC and Rome .
London was last hit by a terror attack in July 2005 , when 52 commuters were killed by suicide bombers linked to Islamist group al-Qaeda . But officials have reportedly been working tirelessly to thwart ISIS attacks since the militants declared a caliphate last summer . Last month Andrew Parker , the head of MI5 , admitted the security service can `` never be confident '' in stopping all terror plots against Britain .
AFP French medics evacuate an injured man near to the Bataclan Theater
AFP Armchair jihadists gloated about the attacks on Twitter
Washington DC 's police department has deployed extra officers to high-profile locations in the city – including the government 's Capitol complex . But a spokesperson insisted : `` There is currently no known threat to the Capitol complex . '' Security has also been beefed up at the city 's French Embassy but a fashion show went ahead as scheduled at the venue on Saturday . Hosts paused the event for a moment of silence to honour the tragic victims of the Paris attacks .
London 7/7 bombings Thu , July 7 , 2016 On July 7th 2005 Aldgate , King 's Cross , and Marylebone Underground stations , as well as a number 30 bus on Tavistock square , were attacked by a group of terrorists in London . Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 60 The wreck of the Number 30 double-decker bus in Tavistock Square , Central London , following the July 7 terrorist attacks
The last terrorist incident in Washington DC was in April 2013 , when a man sent letters laced with ricin to Barack Obama . James Dutschke 's plot to poison the President was thwarted by officials and they were sentenced to 25 years in prison . They also admitted sending poisoned letters to Republican US Senator Roger Wicker and a Mississippi judge .
AFP French president Francois Hollande at the Stade de France
This summer a knife-wielding fanatic stunned Rome by holding the blade to a tourist 's throat , according to reports . They allegedly shouted `` Allah is great '' and `` it is God that sends me '' in front of horrified visitors to the Colosseum . Chiara Frisco , 26 , said : `` I felt myself pulled suddenly into the middle of the crowd . `` Then I felt the blade of the knife that they were holding against me . I feared the worst would happen . `` I could not see the weapon . The whole attack lasted seconds but I felt a tremendous fear . `` The man was yelling like a maniac . Luckily the police came though . ''
There are no chopsticks on the table at Sammy 's Kitchen in Hong Kong . And that is not the only way this restaurant stands out in a neighborhood clustered with Cantonese fare.Sammy 's trademark is a large three-dimensional billboard of a cow . It juts out over Queen 's Road West in the Sheung Wan district , a neighborhood where the odor of dried squid mingles with the aroma of herbs from nearby traditional medicine shops.An elderly , heavily inebriated Caucasian man , sitting across the street on the stoop of the Chun Sing stationery store , gazes incredulously at the imposing bovine while taking swigs from their large bottle of Skol beer.More sober passersby also do a double-take , and curiosity compels some - me included - to explore what the billboard represents.It was then I learned the unusual sign actually is an endangered species.Sammy 's epitomizes Hong Kong 's unpretentious side , a throwback to the era before the city became known for extravagant bistros with Michelin-starred chefs and pricey fusion cuisine.Sammy 's Kitchen is primordial fusion both in decor and menu , which may give some diners pause.A reviewer rates Sammy 's reasonably priced meals as “ rather mediocre , ” but praises the establishment for friendly and welcoming service . Frommer 's Guidebook adds , `` It 's comforting to see a place that remains virtually unchanged over the decades in such a fast-changing environment. ” The restaurant 's namesake , owner Sammy Yip , began cooking at the age of 12 and worked as a chef for the five-star Peninsula and Mandarin Oriental hotels.He has adorned most of their tables with orange or violet-colored checkered tablecloths . That was an upscale touch when they opened the restaurant in 1970.The corner booths are laminated tables , bare except for bottles of Del Monte ketchup , salt , pepper , sugar and recycled plastic containers of toothpicks.One side of the establishment is decorated with faux brick . Tiny white lights have been strung across the top of the walls.The voluminous bilingual menu runs the gamut - from beefsteak through pastas to fried rice - but mostly favors dishes that appeal to carnivores.Many are smothered in Sammy 's secret sauce , which has won a loyal following over the decades . Fans include high-ranking government officials.This may be the only place in the former British colony where one can still find on a menu such hybrid trans-Atlantic fare as Roast American York Ham and Bacon.I settle on the ox tongue curry rice and a cup of tea.To my initial bemusement , the tea arrives piping hot in a small cola glass - so hot that I must grasp it with a paper napkin.Sammy offers a refill poured from a small ceramic pot . Their hands are steady but a small puddle of tea leaks on to the purple-stained tabletop.Ten minutes later my meal arrives : ample slices of tongue , steaming rice and a mild sauce inspired by green Thai curry - masterfully made , not overwhelmed by coconut , turmeric or chilies.When I finish , Sammy returns to my table and asks how I liked the dish , which I had primarily ordered as a novelty. “ Excellent , ” I honestly reply. “ Thank you , ” they respond enthusiastically , elongating the last word.For a man who has been cooking for 70 years , Sammy Yip appears to have retained their enthusiasm for the culinary arts and what should accompany every restaurant meal – sincere hospitality.Hong Kong authorities , however , have recently turned an inhospitable eye toward Sammy 's landmark sign . The giant cow looming over Queen 's Road West not only serves as a beacon for diners but also for residents , visitors and taxi drivers.Anyone heading for the restaurant or anywhere close to it can simply tell a taxi driver : `` 帶我到母牛 '' - Take me to the cow ! Thirty-four years after the illuminated animal first moved into position , the Hong Kong Buildings Department ruled the signboard was an illegal structure protruding into public space and ordered the Yip family to remove it.The Yips ' appeals have been unsuccessful , as have customers ' hopes the sign can be declared a vintage Hong Kong landmark. “ The cow will be removed . ... We must remove it , ” says catering manager Iry Yip Fung-yee , Sammy 's daughter . “ We 're just a small business , ” they lament , explaining why the Yips are are not going to launch a potentially costly legal fight to save Hong Kong 's most famous cow .
Buy Photo
The frivolous comparisons for pesticide use and nearby schools in Dennis Taylor 's column of June 2 should be replaced with something relevant to the damage already documented : smoking guns and injured kids ? Massive oil spills and dead sea creatures ?
Scientific studies of the hazards of pesticide “ drift ” and illness in children and farmworkers has been documented for more than 20 years specific to Monterey County ( Google CHAMACOS , CEHPT , UC Davis Public Health , etc . )
Also documented are the violations of the existing inadequate “ rules ” ( not laws , unfortunately ) , the unfortunate accidents reported in The Californian , the spike in serious illnesses and developmental disorders in children born to farmworkers exposed to pesticide fumigants even before the children are themselves directly exposed because of attending schools located close to toxic fields . Families , businesses , even travelers passing by with their windows rolled down , are all getting repeated low doses of numerous pesticides many days of the year .
But the status quo is defended by the agencies and industries most invested in not making changes — public health science and statistics be damned . A ruling by the Office of Civil Rights regarding a complaint from farmworkers in 2001 was finally issued in 2013 :
“ Based upon a review of the investigative information ... OCR has initially concluded that there is sufficient evidence to make a preliminary finding of a prima facie violation of Title VI as a result of the adverse disparate impact upon Latino schoolchildren in California from the application of methyl bromide between 1995 and 2001 . [ Title VIComplaint 16R-99-R9 ] .
Recommendations follow but seem not to have been deemed important enough for fumigation practices to change .
Newer pesticides are now added to the list with the exception of methyl iodide , which was approved by both the US and California Environmental Protection Agencies but was successfully rejected by local counties , and the manufacturer withdrew to less well-informed countries . And there are only minimal token adjustments to the inadequate protections now on the Department of Pesticide Regulation books .
Lead poisoning , DDT , thalidomide , fetal alcohol syndrome , cigarette smoking were all fought fiercely by their corporate creators by discrediting existing science , asking for “ hard data ” while paying no attention to what already existed , pooh-poohing the medical and social damage wreaked by their products . This present unbridled damage is more of the same .
Carole Erickson is a member of the Safe Strawberry Monterey County working group .
Read or Share this story : http : //bit.ly/1IqBIaM
Looking for an Astonishing gift for a birthday ? Make a statement with the perfect X Men Logo Wall Art ! Comic Book nerds everywhere love seeing their fave Superheroes on the daily and this bright and graphic piece will accent any cosplayer 's decor.These X Men themed wall plaques are constructed of quality birch panels , and finished in yellow.Each piece is decoupaged with a selection of comic book imagery , ranging from the classic , to the modern day.All pieces are given a gloss varnish , so you can display your favorite Superhero with pride ! Not into mutants ? Whether you 're looking for a unique gift for that comic book nerd in your life , or just an addition to your man cave , helloSKYWALKER has the piece to fill your needs.You 'll find a Incredible Hulk themed plaque here : and even a something totally different with a pretty sweet Forest print , here : You will receive an email when your order has been shipped . * IMPORTANT * Comic book imagery on plaques may be different then shown.If you would like specific pictures on yours , please leave me a note . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ♥ Measures approx . 9 1/2 inches x 9 1/2 inches♥ handmade on high quality birch panel painted yellow.♥ coated with gloss varnish.♥ Handcrafted with quality and pride in CANADA.Photo may show some glare from the lightingPLEASE READ MY SHOP POLICIES BEFORE MAKING YOUR PURCHASE . * * * * * * Thanks for stopping by ... Have a nice day ! * * * * * * * * * DISCLAIMER * * * This is not a licensed Marvel product.I am not affiliated with nor sponsored by Marvel or any other comic book trademark.Characters/Logos are intellectual property of Marvel .
Description : Hitlers Reaction that Trump will Make America Great Again
Trump is pulling ahead of Hillary in the polls .
The American public is ignoring media propaganda
Trump is ahead of them in all areas of the nation .
The Americans say they will elect them to `` Make America Great Again . ''
The Americas are voting Trump to strengthen their military secure the borders and restore order .
I thought the women on The View had this .
I thought Whoopi Goldberg said they will leave if they are elected .
My Fuhrer the Americans want Whoopi to GTFO and move to Canada
They said they could also take Rosie Odonald with them
And Cher . Ben Afleck too .
They even want Al Sharpton to move to Canada . This is a crisis .
Everyone out but these three jackasses
How many times have I told you POS there must be no TRUMP
You told me HIllary was in the sack they were inevitable
You said they would never be the Republican nominee there were 17 of them they were a nobody
Now they can not even get rid of a 74 year old socialist wearing Mr. Rogers Sweaters
You moron who brought that freak Bill Clinton out of mothballs
Now you tell me they are falling in the polls
You ca n't run a campaign you liars you told me you had Jeb Bush lined up
I hate you and I will eat your livers
We thought they liked The View
They dress like they went to Kim Jong-un 's yard sale you idiot
The people just quickly rose up
`` IM WITH HER '' what the hell does that mean you moron
It is an embarassment not a campaign
Why did n't you tell me Americans hate the illiterates on The View
Cher can not even read . Whoopi could n't even graduate high school
You are all losers Why did I take this job anyway Hillary is the anticrhist
My career is going to be ruined
This is just like 2008 all over again
`` I 'M WITH Them IM WITH HER1 '' WTFdoes that even mean anyway
You lying POS said the Americans liked that old pervert they were married to
I will never run another campaign we are finished
How will I get paid if that crazy bitch goes to prison
There will be a wall on their border like other nations and its your fault
How will immigrants get Obamaphones and order pizza
Trump is going to kick their ass they beat 16 other republicans they ca n't even beat Bernie
How will we ever explain to the Saudis they threw their money away on them
Trump train why did n't i hire the guy who thought of that
I have wasted $ 1 million on internet trolls
And for what ? Correct the record is a laughingstock already
do n't cry good sheep follow blindly Hillary 's ahead and winning they said so
They will make America great again They ca n't be controled or bought we are screwed
We have to destroy America . we need Hillary
My heart breaks for the jobless ISIS fighters
Hillary has to win , I have explained that to you .
Without Hillary the downfall of the United States is at least delayed , maybe finished
Prepare the cyanide and call the death panel I ca n't take it anymore
We test out Sony 's two big new releases together . Does the Pro help VR ?
The PlayStation 4 Pro is a matter of days away . We 've already posted our initial impressions after spending a few days with the machine , and in that review we cover performance of PS4 games at both 4K resolution and look at how games perform on 1080p displays with the Pro 's extra horsepower .
But how does it perform with PS VR ? We 've reviewed the headset a while ago and concluded it was a solid entry-level piece of VR kit with some caveats that come as a result of its reduced price – but does PS4 Pro help to hold off some of the smaller performance issues that come from trying to do full VR on a machine that does n't quite compare to the mega PCs recommended for Oculus and Vive ?
“ Unpatched games might run a little smoother with less pop-in or quicker load times , but the nuts and bolts of the game will remain unchanged . Pro patched PS VR games do show a more noticeable difference . ”
I had a bit of a game getting the PS VR to work on the PS4 Pro ; I had some sort of HDMI cable issue where several different cables would n't work despite all being HDMI 2 – but once I got it working with a different cable everything worked just as it did on the regular PS4 . After stacking the two consoles up next to each other in an identical setup with the same headset , I spent several hours doing as close as I could to side-by-side comparisons in a variety of games . It 's hardly scientific , but in some games one could draw a solid conclusion .
As with regular PS4 Pro support , games actually have to be patched to have proper , full PS4 Pro support . What this means is that a game like Batman Arkham VR wo n't be different in any material way since it has n't been patched for the Pro . The extra power the Pro is packing might mean that the unpatched games might run a little smoother with less pop-in or quicker load times , but the nuts and bolts of the game will remain unchanged . Pro patched PS VR games do show a more noticeable difference .
Some VR titles have been fully patched for PS VR support , however . These are :
Battlezone
Bound
Driveclub VR
PlayStation VR Worlds
Rez Infinite
RIGS Mechanized Combat League
Rise of the Tomb Raider
The Playroom VR
Thumper
Until Dawn : Rush of Blood
Some of this list is a bummer . The game I feel could benefit most from PS VR is the awesome early VR poster child EVE Valkyrie , and that 's sadly absent . Hopefully more PS4 Pro patches for VR games come .
I tested a few of those available out . The results mirror those with regular games as mentioned in our PS4 Pro review – they 're mixed , varying greatly depending on what developers have chosen to do with the additional power . The major point to consider here is that the PS VR headset is n't a 4K screen , and so we 're back to the argument covered in the main review of how well PS4 Pro works for owners of 1080p displays . Downsampling saves the day there , and it does decently well for VR too – albeit with the caveat that the 3D visuals inside the PS VR are always a tad blurrier and not as crisp as they are on a high-quality TV display anyway .
For some of the titles I tested the impact of games being rendered at a higher resolution and then shrunk down for the PS VR was more pronounced . Thumper is a favourite of mine , a mad , thrumming rhythm game that makes you feel like you 're going a bit mad , but in the good way , when you play it in VR .
The simple-looking but stylish game runs at 90fps as an absolute standard in order to really maintain its frantic feel , but on PS4 Pro the game renders at a higher resolution and is then supersampled down . The end result is n't something that 's game-changingly different for Thumper but it is there ; if you 've already played a lot of thumpers , you 'll likely spot the little boost PS4 Pro gives you .
PlayStation VR Worlds ended up as my main PS4 Pro VR testbed . It is , after all , Sony 's flagship suite of tech demos . Weirdly , it was difficult to notice the difference most of the time here except for in one place where the PS4 Pro impact was more pronounced… and that was in the menus . Weird , right ?
VR Worlds ' menus take place in dusky room space which you can look around . I always found this dimly-lit place to be a little dull , but there 's a crispness of image in this menu room that was n't there on the regular PS4 .
“ Games generally look and perform more or less as I perceive them on the regular PS4 , but occasionally there 's a moment where one can definitely sense an increased sense of clarity offered when you 're on the Pro . ”
In some VR Worlds ' games I could n't notice the difference at all – the Luge and Underwater demos both felt basically identical , but on the other hand I noticed subtle but pleasing visual improvements in the London Heist mini-game , which is the best on the disc .
This generally seems to be a theme for the various Pro-friendly games I test . Games generally look and perform more or less as I perceive them on the regular PS4 , but occasionally there 's a moment where one can definitely sense an increased sense of clarity offered when you 're on the Pro . This happened a fair amount with RIGS in particular . There felt to be no real difference in the unpatched games .
For those curious , there 's no improvement to tracking offered by the additional horsepower either .
PS VR is a pretty cool experience , though one that 's held back a little for better and for worse by its more affordable price . PS4 Pro seems like it 'll offer a decent boost for PS VR owners , and if you 've already felt compelled to invest £350 in the early and untested days of the headset perhaps the additional cost of a Pro will feel less painful . The difference in the experience is n't enough to make the Pro a must-have on VR alone just yet , though – even for the most VR-dedicated players .
The World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) confirms that a Russian cyber espionage group operator by the name of Tsar Team ( APT28 ) , also known as Fancy Bear , illegally gained access to WADA 's Anti-Doping Administration and Management System ( ADAMS ) database via an International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) -created account for the Rio 2016 Games . The group accessed athlete data , including confidential medical data -- such as Therapeutic Use Exemptions delivered by International Sports Federations ( IFs ) and National Anti-Doping Organizations ( NADOs ) -- related to the Rio Games ; and , subsequently released some of the data in the public domain , accompanied by the threat that they will release more .
While it is an evolving situation , at present , we believe that access to ADAMS was obtained through spear phishing of email accounts ; whereby , ADAMS passwords were obtained enabling access to ADAMS account information confined to the Rio 2016 Games . At present , we have no reason to believe that other ADAMS data has been compromised .
“ WADA deeply regrets this situation and is very conscious of the threat that it represents to athletes whose confidential information has been divulged through this criminal act , ” said Olivier Niggli , Director General , WADA . “ We are reaching out to stakeholders , such as the IOC , IFs and NADOs , regarding the specific athletes impacted , ” they continued .
“ WADA condemns these ongoing cyber-attacks that are being carried out in an attempt to undermine WADA and the global anti-doping system , ” said Niggli . “ WADA has been informed by law enforcement authorities that these attacks are originating out of Russia , ” they continued . “ Let it be known that these criminal acts are greatly compromising the effort by the global anti-doping community to re-establish trust in Russia further to the outcomes of the Agency 's independent McLaren Investigation Report , ” Niggli continued .
WADA is taking this attack very seriously . The Agency extended its investigation with the relevant law enforcement authorities ; is conducting internal and external security vulnerability checks ; and , is taking the necessary measures to ensure that stakeholders securely manage ADAMS passwords and its usage .
This attack comes on the heels of the early August incident ; whereby , Yuliya Stepanova 's password for ADAMS was illegally obtained , which allowed a perpetrator to access their account on ADAMS . Ms. Stepanova was the key whistleblower for WADA 's Independent Pound Commission that exposed widespread doping in Russian athletics .
From Bulbapedia , the community-driven Pokémon encyclopedia .
Type : Null ( Japanese : タイプ：ヌル Type : Null ) is a Normal-type Legendary Pokémon introduced in Generation VII .
It evolves into Silvally when leveled up with high friendship .
Biology
Type : Null is a quadruped , chimeric Pokémon with traits from a variety of creatures . Its head is enclosed in a brown helmet with green markings , designed to suppress its power to stable levels . The helmet has a large jaw piece that wraps around the front with large , round hinges on the side . Each hinge is covered by a green X-shaped marking . Small gray eyes can be seen from within rectangular black holes on the front , and there are two pointed ears on the top . Around the base is a collar with four protruding vanes that are tipped with a three-way spike . This collar has a thin green line between the vanes , and each vane has a green hexagon near the end . An axe-like blade with a band around the middle extends backward from the top of the helmet . The front tip of the blade has a small , silver spike that hooks downward .
A mane of gray fur hangs from below Type : Null 's helmet and covers its shoulders and chest . Most of its torso and legs is covered in short black fur . The lower half of each front leg is insectoid and green with spikes along the back , while the rear legs have thick purple scales on the flanks , shins , and on the top of the foot . All four of its feet have three toes , but in the front two toes face forward and one backward . Additionally , the hind paws have a short , purple claw on the back of the ankle . Its fish-like tail consists of two dark blue spines with a light blue fin stretched between them . The top spine has a line of short , gray spikes .
Spoiler warning : this article may contain major plot or ending details .
Type : Null was created by Faba of the Aether Foundation to be an `` Anti-UB Fighting life-form '' . Codenamed `` Beast Killer '' , Type : Null was developed with cells taken from all known Pokémon types . This was done with the intention of giving it the ability to shift between types by holding a corresponding memory , an ability originally inspired by the myths researched at Canalave Library . This ability led the Aether Foundation to give it the name Type : Full ( Japanese : タイプ：フル Type : Full ) . Three known models of Type : Full were created , but all three rejected the RKS System and went berserk . After being subdued , the three Type : Full were given limiter helmets to lessen the effects of the RKS System 's rejection and were put into permanent cryogenic stasis . Thus , the Beast Killer Project was deemed a failure , and the creature 's name changed to Type : Null . At some point before the events of Generation VII , Gladion was able to free one of the Type : Null , which they adopted as their own in the hopes of finding a way to undo the effects of the limiter helmet and allow it to use the RKS System .
Spoilers end here .
In the anime
Major appearances
Type : Null , which has been nicknamed Silvally , debuted in Rising from the Ruins ! , under the ownership of Gladion . It reappeared in Mission : Total Recall ! , where it evolved into a Silvally .
Minor appearances
Type : Null appeared in a number of pictures in Deceiving Appearances ! .
In the manga
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
Type : Null debuted in The Decision and the Tournament of Six under the ownership of Gladion . In PASM22 , it evolved to protect Lillie from a Guzzlord .
In the TCG
Game data
Pokédex entries
This Pokémon was unavailable prior to Generation VII . Generation VII Sun The heavy control mask it wears suppresses its intrinsic capabilities . This Pokémon has some hidden special power . Moon Due to the danger that this synthetic Pokémon may go on a rampage , it wears a control mask to restrain its power . Ultra Sun A Pokémon weapon developed for a specific mission , it went berserk during an experiment , so it was cryogenically frozen . Ultra Moon There 's danger of its going on a rampage , so its true power is sealed away beneath its control mask .
Game locations
In side games
Held items
Stats
Base stats
Stat Range At Lv . 50 At Lv . 100 HP : 95 155 - 202 300 - 394 Attack : 95 90 - 161 175 - 317 Defense : 95 90 - 161 175 - 317 Sp.Atk : 95 90 - 161 175 - 317 Sp.Def : 95 90 - 161 175 - 317 Speed : 59 57 - 122 110 - 238 Total : 534 Other Pokémon with this total Minimum stats are calculated with 0 EVs , IVs of 0 , and a hindering nature , if applicable .
Maximum stats are calculated with 252 EVs , IVs of 31 , and a helpful nature , if applicable .
Type effectiveness
Learnset
Generation VII Other generations : None Parent Move Type Cat . Pwr . Acc . PP This Pokémon learns no moves by breeding . Moves marked with an asterisk ( * ) must be chained bred onto Type : Null in Generation VII
onto Type : Null in Generation VII Moves marked with a double dagger ( ‡ ) can only be bred from a Pokémon who learned the move in an earlier generation .
Moves marked with a superscript game abbreviation can only be bred onto Type : Null in that game .
Bold indicates a move that gets STAB when used by Type : Null
indicates a move that gets when used by Type : Null Italic indicates a move that gets STAB only when used by an evolution of Type : Null
Side game data
Evolution
Sprites
Trivia
Type : Null is the only Pokémon whose Italian and Spanish names differ from its English name .
Type : Null has the highest base stat total of all Pokémon that are able to evolve .
Type : Null shares several similarities with Mewtwo . Both were created by humans using science , were intended to be stronger than other Pokémon , and went berserk , causing a large amount of damage .
Type : Null is the first Legendary Pokémon to be given as a gift by an NPC .
Origin
Type : Null appears to be based on a chimera . Its history and patchwork design may also be a reference to Frankenstein 's monster , and its collar may reference the ring encircling Arceus .
Name origin
Type : Null is literally type and null ( nothing ) .
Type : Full is literally type and full ( everything ) .
In other languages
Type : Full
Language Title Chinese Cantonese 屬性：滿 Suhksing : Múhn Mandarin 屬性：滿 / 属性：满 Shǔxìng : Mǎn French Type:18 German Typ : Full Italian Omnitipo Korean 타입 : 풀 Type : Full Spanish Código Omnia
Related articles
New uniforms , new patches and now the third installment of Seattle police 's latest image change is hitting the streets . The department showed off its new Ford Police Interceptor Utility vehicle Monday .
New uniforms , new patches and now the third element of the Seattle police makeover is hitting the streets — a new ride .
Police are joining leagues of suburban soccer moms and outdoor enthusiasts who have traded in sedans for crossover-style vehicles .
On Monday , the department debuted its new Ford Police Interceptor Utility vehicle , a cross between a Taurus sedan and an Explorer SUV . While the patrol division has been using the Police Interceptor for months , the department said the vehicle debuted Monday features the new logo .
Sam Houghtaling , fleet operations manager for the city of Seattle , said about 90 of the all-wheel- drive vehicles have been added to the patrol division . An additional 30 are getting outfitted with radios and other communications equipment and are expected to hit the streets soon , they added .
Each vehicle costs the city $ 47,500 , a figure that includes all of the specialty equipment and electronics , Houghtaling said .
Houghtaling said the V-6-equipped vehicles should n't be confused with an SUV .
“ Essentially it 's a crossover ; it 's on the same identical chassis as the sedan , ” they said .
For 20 years , Ford ‘ s venerable Crown Victoria has been the mainstay of the patrol division . While a handful of Toyota Priuses and SUVs are used by specialty divisions , the familiar Crown Vic was the SPD 's car of choice .
But in 2011 , when Ford announced it was retiring the sedan , Seattle 's Department of Finance and Administrative Services , which manages the city 's fleet , began searching for an alternative . Factors like cost , comfort , accommodations for communications equipment , storage , gas mileage and safety were evaluated , according to the Police Department
While Houghtaling has heard some grumblings from officers about the size of the new patrol vehicle — it 's shorter than the Crown Vics — Seattle Police Officers ' Guild President Ron Smith said they have n't heard any complaints .
Smith said the Police Interceptor has more room for in-car computers and other electronics .
Houghtaling said the driver 's seat offers better back support and has a cutout in the back cushion to accommodate gun belts . The back-seat doors swing open widely , offering better access for prisoners .
The department considered replacing the fleet by test-drivingChevrolet Tahoes and various Ford and Chevrolet sedans . A study was conducted by the City of Seattle evaluating potential Crown Vic replacements .
Officers test-driving the vehicles also filled out a 14-page questionnaire before Mayor Ed Murray ordered 120 Interceptors in February 2014 .
As the 135 Crown Victoria sedans still in use wear out , the city will replace them with the Police Interceptors , Houghtaling said .
The new vehicle offers better mileage than the Crown Victoria , though both are hardly stingy with gas because of constant idling . The new Ford Interceptors averaged 8.4 miles per gallon during one test period , compared with 6.7 mpg for the Crown Vics .
Maintenance costs per mile were also cheaper , 23 cents compared with 40 cents for the Crown Vics .
Switching the patrol fleet to electric vehicles is not a possibility because officers need horsepower , Houghtaling added .
“ We 're always looking for the newest technologies , but there 's no electric vehicle that 's pursuit-rated , ” they said .
Houghtaling said the 90 Ford Interceptors already on the streets are an array of 2014 and 2015 models .
Late last year , Seattle police announced they were ditching their two-tone blue uniforms and replacing them with solid navy-blue slacks and shirts . The uniforms feature a new shoulder patch , which includes the freshly designed logo depicting Chief Sealth and the words “ service , ” “ pride ” and ” dedication . ” '
The Ford Police Interceptor Utility has gained popularity across the nation , said Tracy Warren , assistant fleet manager for the Washington State Patrol .
Warren said they attended a meeting with officials from Ford last week who claimed their Interceptor is beating competitors by Dodge and Chevrolet .
Also forced to replace their line Crown Vic sedans , the State Patrol decided on the Ford Interceptor . Since 2013 , the State Patrol has added 316 of the vehicles to their fleet , Warren said .
“ So far the benefit is it 's a little less expensive to operate . The tires and brake pads last longer , ” said Warren . “ We expect it will be better in adverse conditions to allow troopers to not spend time chaining up in the snow or get to places they ( otherwise ) could n't . ”
Pederson is in the midst of one of the worst career stretches of their young career , having gone just 2-for-41 ( .049 ) with eight strikeouts and four walks over their last 15 games . Second-half struggles have been notorious for the free-swinging slugger , who once ranked as the Dodgers ' No . 1 prospect , per MLBPipeline.com . They are a career .203 hitter after the All-Star break .
When the Dodgers bolstered their outfield depth by acquiring Curtis Granderson from the Mets on Friday , slumping Joc Pederson 's at-bats figured to be limited going forward . That speculation manifested into reality a day later on Saturday , as Pederson was optioned to Triple-A Oklahoma City to make room for Granderson on the 25-man roster .
When the Dodgers bolstered their outfield depth by acquiring Curtis Granderson from the Mets on Friday , slumping Joc Pederson 's at-bats figured to be limited going forward . That speculation manifested into reality a day later on Saturday , as Pederson was optioned to Triple-A Oklahoma City to make room for Granderson on the 25-man roster .
Pederson is in the midst of one of the worst career stretches of their young career , having gone just 2-for-41 ( .049 ) with eight strikeouts and four walks over their last 15 games . Second-half struggles have been notorious for the free-swinging slugger , who once ranked as the Dodgers ' No . 1 prospect , per MLBPipeline.com . They are a career .203 hitter after the All-Star break .
`` ( Pederson ) being optioned gives them an opportunity to reset , '' Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said before Saturday 's game . `` I have no doubt that Joc is gon na come back here and help us win a lot of baseball games -- obviously get to our ultimate goal , and that 's to win a championship .
`` But right now , where he 's at in the middle of a swing change , trying to get some consistency , and in a Major League setting , it 's really hard to continue to perform when you 're looking at the scoreboard , when you 're looking at your average , and trying to win baseball games . So , for them to go to OKC ( Oklahoma City ) and take a breath , I think it 'll be good for him . ''
Pederson 's struggles of late prompted them to make a significant batting stance adjustment , on display Friday against the Tigers , in which they were less upright with more bend in their knees and their left elbow aligned with their shoulders -- a comparable look to Corey Seager and Chase Utley .
`` He 's more crouched , trying to get into their legs a little bit more , '' manager Dave Roberts said Friday . `` To potentially get them in a spot where ultimately their headlands ... [ which ] allows them to see the ball better . ''
Other than rehab stints while on the disabled list through their three-plus seasons , Pederson has n't been directly optioned to the Minors relating to performance .
Granderson , who will be a free agent this season , brings veteran leadership and extensive postseason experience to a Dodgers club in an all-or-nothing year . After a brutal first month in which they put up a .128/.174/.221 slash line , Granderson is batting .273 with 17 home runs and a .979 OPS since May 10 , with the latter mark ranking 10th in the Majors over that stretch .
They had been a speculative trade chip for much of the summer as the beleaguered Mets veered out of postseason contention .
Choosing the Strobe Rate
The videos shown at the beginning of the of this instructable were shot with a video camera running at 24 frames/second . If you animate a bloom using a strobe running at 24 flashes/second , you will find that the sense of flashing is quite pronounced , and detracts from the effectiveness of the animation . I suggest running the strobe at a minimum of 33 flashes/second to get a satisfyingly coherent illusion . Keep in mind that this will also mean spinning the turntable faster in order to maintain the strobe and turntable in synch . At 33 flashes/second , your turntable will need to be spinning 756 RPM ( or 12.6 revs/sec ) .
An Inconvenient Truth
Now I have a confession to make . In order not to confuse the casual reader , I told a little white lie at the beginning of this instructable , when describing what was going on in the videos . The vast majority of people reading the introduction to this instructable will never try to recreate the effect , and thus will not be impacted by the slight inaccuracy of my description . But you , having read this far , are far more likely to be actually trying to animate a bloom . I certainly do not want to create unnecessary confusion for you in your pursuit , so , I am now going to give you the unvarnished truth .
To refresh your memory , here is what I wrote in the introduction :
What you are viewing in each of the above videos is a bloom spinning at 550 RPMs while being videotaped at 24 frames-per-second with a very fast shutter speed ( 1/4000 sec ) . The rotation speed is carefully synchronized to the camera 's frame rate so that one frame of video is captured every time the bloom turns ~137.5º—the golden angle ... If you follow what appears to be a single petal as it works its way out and down the bloom , what you are actually seeing is all the petals on the bloom in the order of their respective distances from the top-center .
And now , here is a version with the white lies removed :
What you are viewing in each of the above videos is a bloom spinning at 340 RPMs while being videotaped at 24 frames-per-second with a very fast shutter speed ( 1/4000 sec ) . The rotation speed is carefully synchronized to the camera 's frame rate so that one frame of video is captured every time the bloom turns ~85º—not the golden angle ... If you follow what appears to be a single petal as it works its way out and down the bloom , what you are actually seeing is every second petal on the bloom in the order of their respective distances from the top-center .
`` Huh ? ? ? ''
Ok , let 's see what 's going on here . The reason for the slightly more complicated story ( and thus the white lie ) is that even at a very fast shutter speed , the video camera we used ( a Canon EOS 5D Mark III ) does not record every pixel of the image at exactly the same moment , and this results in distortions in the image . If you look carefully at the videos you can see evidence of this distortion in certain parts of the image . When we tried to record the bloom spinning at the speed required to achieve 137.5º rotation every frame , the distortion became very pronounced , so we slowed things and spun it at ~61.8 % of the `` proper '' speed ( 550/340 = .618 -- golden ratio , anyone ? ) .
Why this particular speed , you ask ? Well , if running it at the `` proper '' speed causes the camera to capture every petal of the bloom in sequential order , the next slower speed we could run it at while still achieving a consistent animation would be one that led to the camera capturing every second petal in sequential order . We know that it takes a rotation of 137.5º to get from any given petal to the next one in the sequence , so to skip a petal we need to rotate 2 * 137.5º , or 275º . Now , that may initially seem counterproductive , since we 've doubled amount we have to rotate for each frame . But because we 're dealing with a circle , 275º is the same as -85º . So if we just reverse the direction the turntable is spinning , we can slow it down to 85º per frame and get an animation that moves twice as fast , because it only sequences half as many petals .
( It 's interesting to note the rather counter-intuitive fact that by slowing down the turntable to 61.8 % , we double the speed of the animation . )
Of course , capturing every second petal is not the only speed change we can achieve . We could also choose to capture every third , every fourth , every fifth petal , and so on . Let 's look at how much we 'd need to rotate the turntable for the first eight of these :
A few observations from the chart above :
1 ) As the frequency increases , those that are Fibonacci numbers always lead to a smaller resulting angle .
2 ) The sign of the resulting angle for the Fibonacci numbers alternates between positive and negative .
3 ) The % of full speed for subsequent Fibonacci numbers decreases by the golden ratio .
The chart above only shows the first eight frequencies , with the Fibonacci frequencies in bold . I encourage you to continue the process for higher frequencies to convince yourself that the above observations remain true for all values .
Finally , I 'd like to note that in actual practice I run the strobe at a higher frequency than 24fps . Because the light is on for such a tiny part of each cycle , it looks quite `` flashy '' at that rate . So instead I run it at 36fps ( 50 % faster ) and rotate the turntable at 825rpm , which yields a more constant-appearing illumination .
It 's the most wonderful time of the year ! No , not Christmas . It 's NBA preseason ! Training camp , conditioning , meaningless preseason games . We 've got it all ! But the real reason I love this time of year is because it means the NBA season is right around the corner . It 's so close I can feel it .
With the excitement Kyrie Irving gave Cavaliers fans last year , most of us ca n't wait to see what they do this year . So with the 2012-13 NBA Blogger Previews upon us , what better time to look into this upcoming season than now ? Let 's take our first look at the biggest questions facing this team this year as we dig into this year 's iteration of the Cleveland Cavaliers :
Team Name : Cleveland Cavaliers
2011-12 Team Record : 21-45 ( 5th Central , 13th East )
Key Losses : Antawn Jamison ( free agent ) , Anthony Parker ( retired )
Key Additions : CJ Miles ( free agent ) , Jeremy Pargo ( trade ) , Dion Waiters ( draft ) , Tyler Zeller ( draft ) , Jon Leuer ( waivers )
1 . What significant moves were made in the offseason ?
Once again this year , the offseason was all about the draft . The Cavaliers went into draft night armed with draft picks and ambition . We all anticipated a big night , with many of us hoping/expecting the Cavaliers to trade into the top 3 to secure either Bradley Beal or Michael Kidd-Gilchrist . Many were expecting either Beal or MKG to drop to the Cavaliers at # 4 .
Instead , the Bobcats did the sensible thing and picked MKG , and the Wizards quickly took Beal third , leaving the Cavaliers as the odd man out in this game of musical chairs . The popular pick here among Cavs fans would have been Harrison Barnes , but the Cavaliers surprised everyone and took Dion Waiters . Two years in a row the team has left its fans scratching their head at the # 4 pick with Waiters following the previous year 's selection of Tristan Thompson .
The Cavaliers then traded back into the first round to take Tyler Zeller at # 17 . Zeller gives the Cavaliers reliability . Limited upside and potential ? Perhaps , but Zeller is excellent at running the floor and starting and finishing fast breaks , has good footwork , and is just a solid , reliable back up . The question of this year 's draft will be all about Dion Waiters .
The Cavaliers also made a couple minor moves , acquiring Jeremy Pargo via trade , claiming Jon Leuer off waivers , and signing CJ Miles to a free agent deal . Pargo has a chance to be Kyrie Irving 's backup PG , Jon Leuer is a pretty efficient player who is somewhat overlooked , and CJ Miles gives the Cavaliers some added depth on the wings .
2 . What is this team 's biggest strength ?
I 'm not sure I would say there a lot of strengths to this team , but I would expect this team to be pretty decent at getting to the hole and rebounding , particularly on the offensive glass . We all saw Kyrie 's proficiency at getting into the lane and finishing at the basket . We do n't have to worry about that aspect of their game . Now the Cavaliers have added Dion Waiters , another guard who excels at imposing their will in getting to the basket and drawing fouls . Alonzo Gee is n't the best ball handler in the world , but they are yet another player who uses their physical strength to drive to the lane . CJ Miles has shown some ability getting into the lane in the past .
In theory the Cavaliers should be a decent rebounding team as well . Of course , much of that relies on the relative health of Anderson Varejao . Last year the Cavaliers were 4th in offensive rebounding and 8th in ORB % , and that was with Varejao missing the majority of the season . A lot of that has to do with Tristan Thompson , who is one of the better offensive rebounders in the NBA . In fact , Thompson was 2nd in the NBA in ORB % last year at 14.4 % .
Strangely , Thompson actually struggles to get defensive rebounds . Of course , that 's where Varejao excels . Varejao did n't play in enough games to qualify , but their 26.8 % DRB rate would have been good enough for 4th in the NBA behind only Dwight Howard , Marcus Camby , and Tim Duncan . With Thompson and Varejao expected to play a lot of minutes together , the Cavaliers will ideally have rebounding covered on both ends of the court .
The Cavaliers may not excel in a lot of areas this season , but if everyone stays healthy , rebounding should be an area they can have some success . In addition to Andy and Tristan , the Cavaliers should get some rebounding from the likes of Tyler Zeller and Samardo Samuels as well .
3 . What is this team 's biggest weakness ?
Everything ? I kid . Sort of . I think the Cavaliers are definitely an improving franchise . Kyrie Irving will ideally build on their rookie of the year season and be even better . Adding Dion Waiters and Tyler Zeller infuses some talent regardless of how well they play this season . Anderson Varejao , if healthy , is a legit player who impacts the game in so many ways and leads their team with their heart , soul , and hustle .
But this team is not even close to where they need to be yet . They are loaded with weaknesses , and I expect their 2 prime weaknesses to be shooting and defense .
Last year the Cavaliers were 2nd to last in the NBA in eFG % . Now , I realize many will point to the loss of Antawn Jamison and say that number surely will improve . Perhaps . But the Cavaliers also added Dion Waiters and CJ Miles . Last season Miles shot 29 % on long 2s and 30 % on 3s . Waiters had an inconsistent jumper at Syracuse and so far through Summer League and the brief preseason appearances we 've seen nothing but poor shooting from Waiters .
Then you throw in Alonzo Gee , another inconsistent shooter , and Tristan Thompson , a player who is working on their outside shot but still has miles to go , and….well , you get the point . Let 's talk instead about the players on this team I feel comfortable with shooting jumpers : Kyrie Irving and Daniel Gibson . That 's it . And heck , even Gibson struggled with their shot selection last season shooting below 40 % from 3 for the first time since 2008-09 . Throw in Jon Leuer who has shown a nice shooter 's touch in their limited opportunities and that 's about it .
The Cavaliers have a bunch of very similar pieces on this team…guys who like to attack the rim , have a scorer 's attitude , and draw a lot of fouls . Those are good things . But it comes at a cost . There is not much outside shooting to keep defenses honest . I 'd expect to see opponents really packing in the lane this year against Cleveland , putting a premium on their ability to score in transition .
4 . What are the goals for this team ?
Playoffs ? We 're talking about playoffs ? ? ? Well , sure , why not ? The Eastern Conference stinks . And if you 're not progressing , you 're regressing . So what kind of trajectory do we want this team to be on ?
Do I think the Cavaliers will make the playoffs ? No , I do n't . There are too many holes and too many flaws . But that does n't mean that should n't be this team 's goal . In the NBA , all you need is one superstar . Well , maybe that 's not all you need , but it 's a good start . Kyrie Irving is a game changer . Paired up with the leadership by example and intangibles you get from Varejao , and the Cavaliers have a core . And that core is surrounded by young talented players like Thompson , Waiters , and Zeller , along with some nice enough role players like Gee , Gibson , and Miles .
It would be disappointing for the Cavaliers to not at least be hanging around playoff contention for much of this season . This was a very competitive team last year prior to Andy 's injury . By replacing Antawn Jamison and Anthony Parker with Waiters , Zeller , Miles , Leuer , Pargo…look , they may not be stars , but these are some quality players . I think the Cavaliers can and should be better than they were last year .
5 . Is Byron Scott the right coach for this team ?
I was hard on Coach Scott last season . I thought they were struggling to get this team up to play toward the end of the season . I do n't like how atrocious they have let the defense become . I do n't think their team practices what they preach when it comes to “ up tempo ” basketball .
But I think they are absolutely the right coach for this team . They are a coach who has succeeded getting through to young players in the past , and they have a genuine bond with Kyrie . When your star player buys into the coach , it permeates throughout the whole team , and the rest of the guys fall in line . I like the chemistry of this team .
We 've talked a lot about Byron 's 2nd Year Leap in the past . Well , it did n't happen in Cleveland , but I do n't really count that first season . It was a nightmare . Last year feels like Coach Scott 's real first season . And I think this will be their 2nd year where we start to see a leap . I 'm hoping they can find a way to get some better defensive principles drilled into this young team 's heads and I 'm hoping we 'll see a better , more consistent effort this season .
6 . So what 's the story with Dion Waiters ?
Ok , so , they showed up to Summer League out of shape and played quite poorly . So how quickly should we all freak out about the # 4 overall pick ? How soon should we all yearn for Harrison Barnes and think about What Might Have Been ?
I hate the negativity surrounding Waiters going into this season . Everyone needs to take a deep breathe and relax . Give the young kid a chance to find their niche and establish their game at this level . It might take time . Highly drafted SGs rarely play well their rookie seasons . It takes time to adjust at that position .
But Waiters has tools . They are a confident young kid who is unafraid to play this game . They attack the rim , they draw fouls , and provides an instant offensive spark . Their skills should be able to perfectly compliment Kyrie Irving 's game .
But having said that , the margin for error from the Cavaliers ' standpoint is small . They are on a rebuilding path , and one that has played out pretty well for them so far . You can see what they 're trying to do . They have a team with a nice mix of young talent and strong role players . They also have loads of cap space . This is the reason the Cavaliers are ranked 12th in John Hollinger 's Future Power Rankings .
But how this plays out , and where this rebuilding road ends , will depend largely on Dion Waiters . The Cavaliers can not afford to have missed on this pick . They struck gold with Kyrie Irving , but the jury is still out on Tristan Thompson . Dion Waiters needs to live up to their ceiling and realize their potential . It 's a lot of pressure on a young player , but this is the reality of the NBA .
7. Who 's going to make this team ?
According to ShamSports.com , the Cavaliers have 13 players with fully guaranteed contracts :
Anderson Varejao Luke Walton Kyrie Irving Tristan Thompson Dion Waiters Alonzo Gee Omri Casspi CJ Miles Tyler Zeller Kelenna Azubuike Luke Harangody Jeremy Pargo Jon Leuer
Daniel Gibson has a partially guaranteed contract , but you know he 's going to make this team , so that 's 14 players . That leaves one spot for Samardo Samuels , Donald Sloan , and Kevin Jones to fight for . Samuels likely has the inside track , but do n't sleep on Kevin Jones . A lot of talent evaluators like a lot of what Joneses brings to the table . That 's going to be the matchup to watch in camp .
8 . Oh , is Omri Casspi still on the team ?
Yep .
9 . What kind of numbers should we expect from Kyrie Irving this season ?
That 's the question , is n't it ? How much better can Kyrie be ? Last year , they let the offense run through Jamison quite a bit . They were a rookie deferring to a veteran . It happens . This year , Kyrie is the unquestioned focal point of the offense .
Their usage rate should increase this season , and with it , hopefully their points and assists will increase as well . I think Kyrie 's scoring will just naturally increase . He 's going to be more comfortable this year and more experienced . But what I really want to see is their assists increase .
I joked last year that we needed a Blown Assists stat . Kyrie 's teammates left a LOT of assists on the floor last year . Playing a full year with Varejao , with Andy 's ability to catch the ball in traffic , will be a huge help . Being able to feed slashers like Waiters and Miles will help . And just demonstrating a better court vision overall will help .
But make no mistake , assists are nice , but this team needs Kyrie to score . The Cavaliers lost their leading points scorer in Jamison , and Kyrie will need to pick up some of that slack . I 'm looking for Kyrie to give us a 21.7 ppg , 6.5 apg type of line this year .
10 . Bottom line , what 's the Cavaliers ' record and where do they finish ?
Last year the Cavaliers finished with 21 wins , which translates to 26 wins in an 82 game season . I think the Cavaliers will be better this year . But how much better ? A little . I think the Cavaliers will finish with a record of 34-48 and will finish 10th in the East . Time will tell if I am pessimistic or optimistic about this team . Hopefully I 'm being a pessimist .
Either way , it 's just exciting to have Cavaliers basketball back again . This is only the beginning . Now we get to begin our path of discovery as find out what plotlines and talking points this season has in store for us .
_____
Image source : Cavs.com
After spending the past seven years writing The Portable Veblen , a novel in which a squirrel plays a significant part , I ca n't help but feel solidarity with the mystical , diabolical , ignoble and sublime squirrels that can be found in literary roles of all kinds . Here are a few of my favourites .
Pnin by Vladimir Nabokov
As Professor Pnin bumbles about Waindell College , they are often shadowed by a squirrel , which , scholars agree , seems to serve as either psychic doppelganger or phantom of Pnin 's first love , murdered at Buchenwald , Mira Belochkin ( whose name is close to the Russian for squirrel ) .
‘ An Appointment ' by WB Yeats
Yeats invoked animals often , and squirrels more than once ( see also : “ To a Squirrel at Kyle-na-gno ” ) . The observer in this poem admires the freedom of the “ proud , wayward squirrel ” and takes much satisfaction in the furry maverick 's shrug at human delusions of rank . “ No government appointed him . ”
Kafka 's later notebooks
Kafka 's animal fables often embrace the grotesque – scholar Egon Schwartz calls them “ indices of an obsessed , nightmarish , anti-utopian world , which is increasingly the one in which we now live. ” Yet this is how Kafka wrote about a squirrel : “ It was a squirrel , it was a squirrel , a wild female nutcracker , a jumper , a climber , and their bushy tail was famous in all the forests . This squirrel , this squirrel was always travelling , always searching , it could n't talk about this , not because it lacked the power of speech but because it had absolutely no time. ” The squirrel here seems like a symbol of dignity to a man dying of tuberculosis who must have felt they too are running out of time .
The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin by Beatrix Potter
The message of this beloved story is that if you step out of line you 'll pay the consequences . No wonder children squirm with delighted terror over Nutkin 's insouciance and maddening riddles .
Frederick Nietzsche , biographical detail
According to their sister Elizabeth in The Young Nietzsche , the youthful Fritz worshipped a porcelain squirrel they named King Squirrel I and honoured it with musical productions , plays and poetry . Thus Spake Eichhörnchen !
A Diamond as Big as the Ritz by F Scott Fitzgerald
A hunted squirrel leads to the discovery of the massive diamond at the heart of this satirical novella about American excess and materialism – and is never thanked or mentioned again . A telling example of how the agency of the squirrel is simply taken for granted .
‘ St Peter 's Day ' by Anton Chekhov
This story of the most foolish and blundering hunting party ever to assemble reaches its climax when one of the louts knocks a large ground squirrel over the head and suggests a dissection . After a swift butchering , the animal is declared to be without a heart . The sacrifice suggests the heartlessness and idiocy of humankind .
This Boy 's Life by Tobias Wolff
A squirrel who is an innocent bystander serves as a scapegoat . In this classic memoir , young Mr Wolff ( Jack ) has obtained a rifle , and , in the lonely hours after school , pretends to assassinate hapless neighbours from their window . Angry that the fools are failing to recognise the danger they 're in , they instead shoot a squirrel off the telephone wire . Later , concealing from their tender mother that they are the killer ( “ Poor little thing , ” they say ) , Jack identifies with their victim in helpless sobs .
Small Game by John Blades
In this lost gem , published in the early 1990s , the squirrel is portrayed as a demon figure who creates havoc and discord . An everyman projects their woes on to the squirrels that they must destroy if they are to survive . Blade echoes Carl Jung 's theories of shadow projection and draws on the figure of Ratatoskr , a malicious trickster in Norse mythology .
‘ On Pragmatism ' by William James
The squirrel in this case is used as a prop at the dawn of pragmatism and ordinary language philosophy ; the anecdote related by Professor James in their famous lecture annoys Veblen , the title character of my novel , no end . They describe a camping trip with a cohort of their brainy friends , where , beneath a large tree in the “ unlimited leisure ” of the wilderness , the heavy metaphysical question in dispute is this : does the man , in going round the tree , go round the rotating squirrel on the tree – or not ? Veblen thinks the Brahmins are splitting hairs about the words “ go around ” , while a squirrel is taking care not to be roasted on a spit for dinner . Since when is this “ unlimited leisure ” ? According to Veblen , even James , the great empathist , had their blind spots .
Much has been made about a possible Dries Mertens departure in the past few days . With interest from abroad for their signature and rumors of clubs offering wages over double of what Napoli are willing to put on the table ( around 3 million euro ) , nobody can blame Dries for considering a departure especially considering their 29 years of age . It will likely be the biggest , most important contract of their career and Dries already mentioned being tempted by Chinese offers during the winter break . For Napoli , selling high is always a smart move from a business standpoint and Dries has likely reached the their peak transfer value with a move to demand upwards of 35 million euro . After years of quality service , that would be an excellent way to wrap up the 9.5 million euro investment they made back in 2013 .
Yet Napoli would also have to find an adequate substitute should they decide to sell . Mertens has proven valuable not only as a rotational player with Insigne but also as a serious option at center forward . He 's emerged as lethal scoring threat having netted 24 goals this year and saving the season once Milik tore their ACL and Gabbiadini faltered in replacing him . Ideally therefore any Mertens substitute would be able to provide cover for both those positions . That 's why Lazio 's Keita Balde could be an interesting option . The Spanish born Senegalese international and Lazio youth product could in theory provide that sort of cover . The 22 year old is primarily a left winger but with some experience at center forward . They are similar to Mertens as they possess impressive pace and technical ability but is bigger physically . Of course they are no where near as refined of a player as Dries Mertens is and it would be too much to expect Keita to immediately step in and replace Dries ' contribution . However , with Insigne believed to be on the verge of signing a long-term deal and Arkadiusz Milik set to slot in as our forward of the future , Keita Balde could be groomed and introduced to the pitch sparingly without too much pressure upon him .
Lazio president Claudio Lotito of course is not an easy man to negotiate with but considering the fact that Keita 's contract is due to expire in 2018 , they may well be willing to listen to respectable offers fearing that they could later lose Keita on a free transfer . So while we contemplate a possible future without Dries Mertens , Keita Balde could be the man we consider bringing in .
Share . Bruce Wayne themselves could n't afford this . Bruce Wayne themselves could n't afford this .
Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice may take the record for the most expensive movie ever made .
Latino Review reports that the film 's budget has ballooned to $ 410 million . That already matches the current record holder , Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides , so if the budget further inflates anytime before release , it will take the record .
Exit Theatre Mode
That will make Dawn of Justice almost as expensive alone as both parts of the two planned Justice League movies , which are expected to share a $ 500 million budget according to LR . Even so , it may not hold the record for long . Rumor has it that Marvel 's two Avengers : Infinity War movies will cost $ 1 billion , with $ 400 million going just to the actors , writers and directors .
As the budgets increase , it becomes even more important for these blockbusters to be smash hits internationally . Marvel has had a few of its movies hit the $ 1 billion mark , most recently in the case of Avengers : Age of Ultron .
Steve Watts is a freelance writer who disappears if you can make them say their name backwards . You can read more of their keen insights by following them on Twitter and IGN .
This marijuana plant , in a grow room at Minnesota Medical Solutions , will be ready for harvest in about two weeks Tuesday , May 5 , 2015 in Otsego .
Guests Hampton Sides : Frequent contributor to National Geographic and editor-at-large for Outside magazine
As more states , including Minnesota , allow limited use of marijuana for medicinal purposes , scientists are expanding research efforts to understand how marijuana and the chemicals it contains interact with the body .
Hampton Sides wrote about the science of marijuana in the June issue of National Geographic . They join MPR News ' Tom Crann Wednesday at 9 a.m. to talk about their piece .
What scientists know about marijuana
Israeli organic chemist Raphael Mechoulam found marijuana 's principal active ingredient : tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC )
From National Geographic :
One day in 1963 a young organic chemist in Israel named Raphael Mechoulam , working at the Weizmann Institute of Science outside Tel Aviv , decided to peer into the plant 's chemical composition . It struck them as odd that even though morphine had been teased from opium in 1805 and cocaine from coca leaves in 1855 , scientists had no idea what the principal psychoactive ingredient was in marijuana . `` It was just a plant , '' says Mechoulam , now 84 . `` It was a mess , a melange of unidentified compounds . ''
Researchers know very little about the medical benefits of marijuana because it 's classified as a Schedule 1 drug . But the government is showing signs of loosening restrictions on research .
From National Geographic news :
One way to gauge their thinking is to look at what 's going on at the University of Mississippi , the site of the only cannabis farm sanctioned by the government . The facility is overseen by the National Institute on Drug Abuse ( NIDA ) , which places orders for strains it wants for research . Last month , the DEA signed off on a NIDA request to more than triple federal marijuana cultivation from its previously stated 2015 quota of 276 pounds ( 125 kilograms ) to 881 pounds ( 400 kilograms ) , explaining that `` research and product development involving cannabidiol is increasing beyond that previously anticipated . ''
Parents are using compounds from medical marijuana to treat serious conditions in their children
Pharmaceuticals are interested in marijuana , but it 's tough to make money off the plant .
`` You ca n't patent marijuana , '' Sides told KPCC . `` It 's just a weed . It grows everywhere . ''
Companies like GW Pharmaceuticals are focusing on isolating individual compounds and slightly altering it chemically so they can patent and mass produce it .
Some research shows promise for brain tumors , but it 's only been tested on animals .
Biochemist Manuel Guzman 's research :
On their screen flash two MRIs of a rat 's brain . The animal has a large mass lodged in the right hemisphere , caused by human brain tumor cells Guzman 's researchers injected . They zoom in . The mass bulges hideously . The rat , I think , is a goner . `` This particular animal was treated with THC for one week , '' Guzman continues . `` And this is what happened afterward . '' The two images that now fill their screen are normal . The mass has not only shrunk -- it 's disappeared . `` As you can see , no tumor at all . ''
Scientists are trying to map the marijuana genome . Right now , it 's in 60,000 pieces .
`` Once the map is complete , enterprising geneticists will be able to use it in myriad ways , such as breeding strains that contain much higher levels of one of the plant 's rare compounds with medically important properties , '' Sides writes .
There 's a well studied phenomenon called Terror Management Theory which basically says that , when people are reminded of their own death , their beliefs change in certain predictable ways . People cling more strongly to beliefs that make the future seem more controllable and comfortable – and that includes turning to religion ( see : Religion , Patriotism and Death ) .
Bastiaan Rutjens ( University of Amsterdam ) has previously found that reminding people of death reinforces their belief in progress . What they wanted to find out was whether this holds for both religious and non-religious people .
So they and their colleagues ran an online survey on 276 people chosen to be representative of the Dutch population . Half were asked to write about what will happen to them when they die . The others were asked about dental pain – that 's a standard control used in these kinds of studies , designed to evoke a strong emotional response .
Then they asked them whether they though humanity will advance technologically . And also whether humanity will advance morally , ethically and socially .
The nonreligious were more likely than the religious to believe in technological progress .
Perhaps surprisingly , the nonreligious , Catholics and Protestants all had similar levels of belief in moral progress – although people who believed in humankind 's inherent sinfulness ( mostly Protestants , in this sample ) were likely to believe that morality will actually decline in the future .
So what happens when you remind people about death ? Well , it has no effect on belief in technological progress .
But reminding the nonreligious about death significantly increased their belief in moral progress .
Check out the graphic . What this shows are the result of a model based on the data.For people given death prompts ( Mortality Salience in the graphic ) , belief in moral progress was much higher in those with lower than average strength of religious feeling ( on the left hand side ) , compared with those high in religious feeling ( on the right )
Prompts about dental pain had the same effect on both groups .
What this shows , Rutjens suggests , are that belief in progress can offer the nonreligious a buffer to existential threat similar to that offered by religious beliefs . But belief in progress in general is not enough – it has to be a belief that the essence of humanity will get better .
And what Rutjens and colleagues conclude from this is worth quoting in full :
Rutjens , B. , van Harreveld , F. , van der Pligt , J. , van Elk , M. , & Pyszczynski , T. ( 2014 ) . A march to a better world ? Religiosity and the existential function of belief in social-moral progress The International Journal for the Psychology of Religion , 1-33 DOI : 10.1080/10508619.2014.990345
This article bywas first published on Epiphenom . It is licensed under Creative Commons
The 22nd Guards Separate Brigade of Special Designation was formed in the Kazakh city of Kapchagay on July 24 , 1976 . Over more than 30 years of service , it changed its location many times . The outstanding courage and military prowess of its soldiers resulted in numerous governmental awards . Now the brigade is located in the city of Aksay in the Rostov Region . Let 's visit it and have a look at all the sides of their training and overall conditions .
The unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) “ Grusha ” ( “ Pear ” ) in containers for its carrying .
Its performance characteristics .
Its control stations .
The laptop is dust- and waterproof and very durable . When it had once accidentally fallen from a height of 20 meters , its cover was badly damaged , but it still worked perfectly . Windows XP operating system , a touch screen .
An antenna complex .
The camera of the UAV which can be replaced in any conditions ( as well as all the other details ) .
A spare battery .
A backpack for its carrying . The weight of the entire complex is 11.5 kg .
Using it in combat conditions requires at least 4 soldiers : one soldier sits at the laptop under the cover of another one , while the two others are engaged in its launching ( one launches , the other covers ) .
This UAV has been in service of the brigade since 2009 . Its range – 5-10 km . Altitude – 100-500 meters . Wind can serve an obstacle only if its speed exceeds 12 m/h . The aircraft provides direct vision . Though when operating in mountainous areas it 's better off to use photography . The maximum time in the air 75 minutes .
[ youtube ] jfcAFf5s-1w [ /youtube ]
Here you can see the process of launching .
The GAZ 233 014 “ Tigr ” ( “ Tiger ” )
According to the words of its drivers , the car is reliable and perfect for driving in mountains .
Its armor is tested right at the factory where each car is fired at . In the picture you can see a couple of traces .
The thickness of a hood .
A battery compartment and the cover of one of the two tanks ( on the right ) .
When the door is closed , one can hear typical hollow thud of armor . When you drive in the “ Tiger ” , you do feel that you are inside an armored vehicle .
All drivers are damn brutal in those glasses from a set of mining equipment .
The view of the “ Tiger ” from the inside .
Such radio sets are used for communication between the cars .
Cavaliers center Anderson Varejao recently developed a blood clot ( small right lower lung pulmonary embolism ) and was admitted to the Cleveland Clinic last Thursday ( January 17th ) . They are being treated with blood thinners ( anticoagulants ) and is expected to stay at the Clinic for several days , while undergoing treatment and observation . They will need to remain on blood thinning medication for approximately three months . While Varejao is expected to fully recover , they will miss the remainder of the current Cavaliers season .
Quote from Cavaliers General Manager Chris Grant : `` Clearly our players ' health is our top concern and we are disappointed for Anderson , and their family . We know what a competitor they are and how much they want to be on the court helping their teammates . In the meantime , they have our full support and we look forward to welcoming them back as they recover . ''
Spread the love
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania – According to Ramona Africa , a representative for the MOVE 9 , Phil Africa , the organization 's First Minister of Defense , passed away in prison under suspicious circumstances this week .
Phil was a legendary activist and political prisoner , as well as a beloved brother , husband and father .
According to a recent statement , Phil passed away under suspicious circumstances at the State Correctional Institution at Dallas , PA , on January 10th , 2015 . However , Phil was said to be in great health just weeks before , and their condition took a sharp turn for the worse after making a routine trip to the prison infirmary .
When friends and family came to visit to see if they were OK , Phil was shipped off to another prison and prevented from seeing their loved ones .
Ramona Africa reported that :
“ On Sunday , January 4th Phil Africa was n't feeling well and went to the prison infirmary . Though they are n't feeling well , other inmates saw Phil Africa walking , stretching and doing jumping jacks . Hearing that Phil was in the infirmary , MOVE members drove up to visit them and were denied a visit by the prison . While they were visiting with Delbert Africa , Phil was secretly transported to Wilkes Barre General Hospital where they were held in total isolation , incommunicado for five days . ”
To make matters even worse , prison officials could not give the family a straight story , and blatantly prevented their loved one 's from seeing him , stating that they were not technically their family . For the entire duration of their alleged sickness , Phil was entirely cut off from the outside world .
The statement from Ramona went on to say that :
Prison officials at SCI-Dallas would n't communicate about Phil 's condition . They told MOVE that Phil was at Wilkes Barre General hospital but the hospital denied they were there and this back and forth lie went on for days almost the entire time Phil was being held . The hospital and the prison behaved very suspiciously denying Phil the ability to call family members or their wife of 44 years , Janine Africa , stating that they were not a blood relative . The hospital and prison received hundreds of phone calls in support of Phil from around the world . When they finally submitted to pressure and allowed Phil to call Janine on Thursday , January 8th they were heavily drugged , incoherent and could n't even hold the phone to talk to her . ”
On Friday , January 9th Phil was sent back to the prison infirmary and placed in hospice care upon arrival . On Saturday , January 10th Ramona and Carlos Africa were granted permission to visit Phil in the prison infirmary . When they reached them they were incoherent and could n't talk or move their head to look at them . An hour after they left Delbert called with the news that Phil passed away .
There are many suspicious circumstances surrounding Phil 's death , namely the fact that they were isolated for 6 days before their passing , and the fact that the prison could not even keep their story straight about where they were being held .
MOVE or the MOVE Organization is a Philadelphia-based civil rights group which was founded in 1972 . In 1978 , their headquarters was raided in a Waco-esque fashion after they refused to vacate their own property .
Nine of their members were arrested and found guilty of third-degree murder after a police officer , who witnesses say was facing the property , was shot in the back of the head . Those arrested on that day are still in prison .
In 1985 , the police attacked the group again , only this time they dropped two bombs on the building where MOVE members were living , killing 11 people , including 5 children . Ramona , and a child named Birdie were the only survivors in the attack .
The attack caused a fire to spread to the whole neighborhood , burning over 60 other homes that were in no way affiliated with the MOVE organization .
Despite the city paying out $ 1.5 million in damages to relatives of those killed by the bomb and the mayor denouncing the actions of police , stating that , “ Dropping a bomb on an occupied row house was unconscionable , ” no one from the government was ever charged with a crime .
John Vibes is an author , researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war . In addition to their writing and activist work they are also the owner of a successful music promotion company . In 2013 , they became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference , which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world . You can contact them and stay connected to their work at their Facebook page . You can find their 65-chapter Book entitled “ Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance ” at bookpatch.com .
A man accused of inappropriately touching an 11-year-old girl and attempting to kidnap them is now in jail .
Police arrested 28-year-old Jose Padilla Sunday night and charged them with indecency with a child , a second degree felony and possession of marijuana .
According to a news release , Padilla is accused of touching the 11-year-old female on multiple occasions before asking them to go with him . The 11-year-old victim immediately ran away from Padilla and told their family members , the news release states .
The young girl 's family members found Padilla and detained them until officers arrived on scene .
Once on scene , Padilla told officers that they were lonely and wanted to talk to a female . Padilla admitted to grabbing the victim and that they had touched her , the news release states . Officers later learned that they had a warrant out of Dallas County for possession of marijuana .
Padilla was then arrested and transported to the Ector County Law Enforcement Center .
CLOSE Mark Dantonio talks about their decision to hold Connor Cook out of the second half against Maryland . Matt Charboneau , Detroit News
Connor Cook walks the sidelines with Mark Dantonio after getting pulled with an injury Saturday . ( Photo : Dale G. Young , Detroit News )
East Lansing – Michigan State quarterback Connor Cook injured their right shoulder in the first half Saturday against Maryland and did not play in the second half . However , Cook said they would be OK to play next week against Ohio State .
“ There was no popping out of any sort , ” Cook said . “ They looked at it a little bit . I 'll be fine to go next week . I 'll be good . ”
Backup Tyler O'Connor took over for Cook , who slammed their helmet down on the sideline when it was clear they are n't starting the second half of No . 14 Michigan State 's 24-7 victory over Maryland .
Cook was injured late in the first quarter after they were hit by Maryland defensive end Jesse Aniebonam following a 21-yard completion to R.J. Shelton . They sat out the rest of the drive but returned and finished the half . They were far from sharp , however , completing just six of 20 passes and repeatedly shaking their throwing arm .
“ I just landed on it funny , ” Cook said . “ It kind of felt a little weak at that point . I came to the sidelines and got it checked out and there was nothing serious . I went back in and it did n't really affect me at all . There was a little pain here and there , but nothing like I could n't deliver a pass .
“ I felt like I could have ( played ) . I felt confident in my abilities and my arm and my health , but Coach D just wanted to play it safe and keep me on the sideline for precautionary reasons . ”
Coach Mark Dantonio felt Cook had lost some velocity on their throws , something that led to their decision to keep Cook out for the second half .
“ I do n't sense it 's a long-term thing , ” Dantonio said . “ I think they could have gone , but they felt like if they threw it hard it would set them back a number of days . ”
O'Connor led Michigan State 's first scoring drive in a series that was planned for them to play , coming before the Cook injury .
The junior opened the second half by leading a 62-yard drive that ended with a 3-yard Gerald Holmes touchdown one play after O'Connor picked up a first down with an 11-yard run .
http : //three.onefouronefive.net/
Happy Pi Day ! ( 3/14 )
Although it 's only really Pi day in the United States— where we ( for some strange reason ) put the month before the day and year when we write-out our date— we hope our friends from around the world can enjoy this without having to wait until July 22nd ( 22/7 being one representation of Pi ) .
Here you will find , if you scroll long enough , Pi to a billion digits . Of course , as an irregular number , it goes on far longer than that . As of today people have calculated it to 2 trillion digits ( 2,000 times the number of maximum number of digits presented here ) . Do n't believe me ? Confirm it at MIT .
Search Pi for your favorite number :
Give me a number and I 'll tell you where it occurs within the first Billion digits of Pi . For example : the year you were born , your zip code , 123456789 . ( or look at what people searched for over the last year )
MANASQUAN , N.J. , May 29 ( UPI ) -- A former star high school wrestler has been pinned with a number of charges including carjacking , burglary and driving under the influence after an alleged crime spree involving a stolen motorized beach cart and `` melees with at least five people . ''
Lukas Iorio , a title-winning wrestler at Bergen Catholic High School , allegedly stole a beach cart from a member of the Manasquan Beach Patrol after they `` kicked out the plastic windshield and landed in the front seat of the cart . ''
Manasquan Police Chief Elliott Correia said that Iorio took control of the vehicle and then drove it `` at a high rate of speed while swerving at pedestrians , '' striking and injuring a 49-year-old man who tried to get out of the way not once , but twice .
After crashing the cart into a gazebo , Iorio allegedly tried to steal a bike and took a swing at a man who came over to see if they were hurt . They then ran into a nearby home and encountered a 72-year-old man who they repeatedly punched in the face .
When Iorio was finally taken into custody after being subdued by `` several family members and the two members of the Beach Patrol , '' they were charged with resisting arrest , four counts of simple assault , one count of assault by auto , two counts of criminal mischief , reckless driving and leaving the scene of an accident with personal injury , in addition to the charges listed above .
Five people were treated for injuries after the incident .
Francis Malofiy addresses the press during the `` Stairway to Heaven '' trial .
Francis Malofiy 's suspension might mean they ca n't appeal the band 's `` Stairway to Heaven '' win .
The attorney who flouted courtroom protocol during the `` Stairway to Heaven '' copyright trial has been suspended from practicing law .
Francis Malofiy 's behavior as an attorney has been the subject of repeated judicial scrutiny , and a Thursday ruling means they wo n't be doing any lawyering until the fall .
An appellate panel upheld a previously recommended suspension of three months and one day , finding Malofiy violated `` various rules of conduct '' during a copyright infringement lawsuit over Usher 's `` Bad Girl . ''
In 2015 , a three-judge district court panel found Malofiy tricked unrepresented co-defendant William Guice into signing an affidavit without consulting a lawyer by hiding that their relationship was adversarial in nature .
The prior year , Judge Paul Diamond issued sanctions and ordered Malofiy to pay $ 28,000 in court costs .
Malofiy had argued that they did n't break the rules and , even if they did , the punishment was too harsh .
The district court was troubled by the attorney 's failure to take responsibility for their actions and their other unprofessional and uncivil conduct during the course of the litigation .
On Thursday , the appellate panel agreed and upheld the suspension .
Their reputation as a rule-breaker preceded them when they took on the recent Led Zeppelin case . In a story previewing the trial , Bloomberg painted a vivid portrait of Malofiy as a `` bar-brawling lawyer . ''
During the six-day `` Stairway '' trial , Malofiy racked up more than a hundred sustained objections and multiple admonishments from Judge R. Gary Klausner .
After the jury ruled in Led Zeppelin 's favor , Malifoy said they lost on a technicality and hinted at an appeal . If Michael Skidmore , the man who sued on behalf of late songwriter Randy Wolfe , wants to appeal soon , Malofiy could be out of a job .
While Malofiy 's suspension is in Pennsylvania , being admitted pro hac vice in California is dependent on being an attorney in good standing in another jurisdiction . Skidmore still has a lawyer , though . Glen Kulik served as local co-counsel and could take the reins on the case .
By Jaevion Nelson
What on earth could 17-year-old Dwayne Jones , who was recently murdered in St James , have been thinking to have patronised a straight party in women 's clothing ? Besides , why would a male want to dress and be a woman ?
Why would a cross-dresser think they would be safe in certain places ? Certainly , the teen must have known Jamaica is homophobic and transphobic . Why could n't Dwayne be satisfied with underground gay parties ?
These are questions that have been posited by many of us - heterosexuals , homosexuals and transgender Jamaicans from all walks of life - when we learned on Monday , July 22 about the horrific incident where the teen was set upon by an angry mob the previous night .
I must admit I , too - in my shock and fear - am guilty for thinking Dwayne Jones should have known better , been more careful , and not gone to that party . Sadly , in that moment , I was complicit in the culture of violence where we blame the victim or survivor of injustice , abuse or violence for what happened to them .
It 's just the same as saying a woman who was raped must have done something - smiled seductively or wore a very short skirt - to invite the assault . I even forgot that as a child , my friends and I took a whole lot of risks - our sense of insecurity was almost non-existent . So why did I expect that Dwayne would be any different than I was ?
TRANSGENDER TEENS AT RISK
Dwayne is one of many teens who , according to Dr Diane Ehrensaft , a developmental and clinical psychologist , `` face aspersion from a surrounding culture that attempts to impose prescriptions and proscriptions for 'appropriate ' gender behaviour '' because they are transgender or non-gender conforming .
A transgender person is someone whose gender differs from the one they were assigned at birth . There are many such Jamaicans , and daily - even when they are keeping their sexuality and gender identity to themselves - are harassed , misunderstood , turned out of their homes and communities , mistreated , denied jobs , etc .
This happens because many of us think that our gender is determined by our chromosomes , genitalia and hormone receptors , and it is , therefore , our 'responsibility ' to keep people on the straight and narrow path of how a man or woman should walk , talk , and dress , and who they can love .
I say this to remind us that the teen by virtue of being 'different ' , not living ( fully ? ) to the dictates of the gender assigned at birth and found on his/her birth certificate , was already in great danger whether or not they were at a party for heterosexuals . Persons like Dwayne go about their lives at even greater risks than a gay , lesbian or bisexual man or woman who might be in a better position to hide their sexuality .
A BETTER JAMAICA
Dwayne Jones , also known as 'Gully Queen ' , who grew up in Paradise Row in Montego Bay , St James , is one of several lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender youth who are forced to live and work on the streets , voluntarily or involuntarily , to avoid persecution in their home and community .
Sometimes the street is more accommodating and is more comfortable than being disregarded in your own home . Who would ever want that ? Dwayne could have easily been one of the so-called 'errant gays ' torturing the hell out of people in upscale Kingston and St Andrew communities .
The Government , through the minister of justice , must be commended for condemning this incident and encouraging the pursuit of justice by the authorities . Likewise , individual Jamaicans and civil society must be acknowledged for speaking out .
Every person - gay or straight or transgender - is valuable and has potential to be a productive citizen , but they ca n't do so if we continue to treat them with hostility .
As Kartel said in their book , `` The only way we can have a better Jamaica is if we spend the time learning from each other . '' We all have to be willing to speak out about injustices of any kind . We have to be willing to embrace everyone - rich or poor , gay or straight ; educated or uneducated , Christian or non-Christian ; male , female or transgender . We must commit to rebuilding this great nation on the principles of inclusivity , love , equality and respect with no distinctions whatsoever .
May Dwayne Jones ' soul rest in peace , and I hope the teen 's friends and family will get the justice they deserve .
Jaevion Nelson is a youth development , HIV and human rights advocate . Email feedback to columns @ gleanerjm.com and jaevion @ gmail.com .
– Jefferson County deputies are investigating a case of trail vandalism .
Graffiti spray-painted onto rocks and trees was discovered last week at O'Fallon Park near Kittredge .
O'Fallon Park is one of the Denver Mountain Parks . It features hiking along Bear Creek dotted by miniature waterfalls .
“ It seems odd that somebody would want to even bring their can of spray paint out here , ” hiker Jennifer Seib said . “ Nobody is going to see it driving by . ”
They defaced not only trees , but rocks and railings .
“ It makes me feel really upset , disappointed that somebody that would disrespect our beautiful state like this , ” hiker Jessica Seur said .
Just recently a vandal was caught in the act of spray-painting rocks on Lookout Mountain . After they were caught they said they did n't know they were doing anything wrong .
Elsewhere , claiming it was art , a California woman eventually pleaded guilty to vandalizing rocks in national parks , including Rocky Mountain National Park .
In Jefferson County , no one is calling it art .
“ My first reaction is to string them up in the trees that they painted , ” hiker Pat Sanders said .
It was not the first time O'Fallon Park has been hit .
What is likely to go down as a simple case of vandalism perhaps could better be labeled as a crime against nature .
By G. P. Manish and Felicia Cowley
Keynesian economics has witnessed a remarkable resurgence since the crisis of 2008 . The inability of mainstream economics to predict or explain the crisis led many economists to become skeptical of its core macroeconomic tenets . Several have turned the clock back to the ideas of Keynes to make sense of the housing bubble and the ensuing recession .
One such explanation inspired by the General Theory emphasizes the endemic uncertainty of the future and its implications for market stability . Championed by Paul Davidson and popularized by Robert Skidelsky , this line of thought blames the crisis and recession on the fickle expectations and “ animal spirits ” that guide investment in a market economy .
Per this thesis , in an uncertain world , entrepreneurs and investors suffer from mood swings . Optimism regarding the future abruptly gives way to pessimism . Fluctuations in economic activity are the result of these variations in outlook .
With its focus on uncertainty , this line of thought bears a striking resemblance to Austrian ideas . Moreover , its rejection of mathematical probability as a foundation for expectations is echoed by several prominent Austrian economists .
Nevertheless , while Keynesians conclude that the uncertainty of the future renders a market economy inherently unstable , Austrians embrace uncertainty without losing faith in the order generated by a market economy . What lies at the root of this puzzle ?
Keynes on Expectations , Uncertainty , and Market Stability
Think of Mary , a plastic bottle manufacturer drawing up plans to open a new factory . Given the durability of the investment , their decision is based on a set of long-term expectations . How does Mary arrive at these estimations of future prices ?
In a neo-classical world , they do so by absorbing as much information as possible regarding past prices . Using this information , they calculate the numerical probabilities associated with various prices and forms their expectations based on these probability distributions .
In such a world , expectations share a deterministic relationship with the past . The numerical probabilities associated with future prices are inferred mechanistically from those associated with past prices . Thus , Mary 's expectations of the future are objective in nature . Anybody else in their place would have come to identical conclusions regarding the future with the information at hand .
Keynes sharply disagreed with this approach . Long-term expectations , they argued , are formed in a fog of uncertainty . This renders mathematical probability useless as a basis for forming one 's expectations . Since the future may differ significantly from the past , information about past prices provides “ no scientific basis on which to form any calculable probability whatever ” regarding the likelihood of future prices .
Entrepreneurs and investors can not mechanically extrapolate probability judgments regarding the future from an analysis of information regarding the past . As a result , their expectations are subjective in nature . Mary 's expectations now bear a personal stamp .
These subjective expectations share no connection to the past . The inability to use probability to form expectations renders the future unknowable to entrepreneurs and investors . Unable to turn to the past to assess the likelihood of future events , they find themselves confronted by a radical uncertainty .
In such a world , Mary 's decision to build a new factory is not the “ outcome of a weighted average of quantitative benefits multiplied by quantitative probabilities. ” Instead , it is governed by their “ animal spirits ; ” by a sense of “ spontaneous optimism ” that results in an “ urge to action rather than inaction . ”
Nevertheless , even in a radically uncertain world , investments must be guided by some expectations regarding the future . Instead of grounding them in an analysis of the past , Mary bases their expectations on an assessment of what others believe regarding the future .
Lurking behind their animal spirits are expectations formed as the result of an attempt on their part to “ conform with the behavior of the majority or the average. ” A similar striving on the part of everyone else gives rise to a “ conventional judgment ” regarding the future , shared by the overwhelming majority of entrepreneurs and investors .
Based on the flimsy foundations of the psychology of opinion and with no moorings in experience , this conventional judgment is subject to sudden and violent change . Like a school of fish , investors and entrepreneurs swim this way and that , always taking their cues on what to do from others , without recourse to any solid foundations in which to ground their expectations .
Buoyed by an optimistic conventional judgment , investors , with positive animal spirits pumping through their veins , rush to produce more capital goods , lifting the fortunes of workers with them . Soon the judgment turns and pessimism sets in . Investors no longer have the urge to act . They become quiescent , and unemployment increases .
Thus , for Keynes the endemic uncertainty that surrounds the future gives rise to an inherently unstable market economy . Fluctuations in output and employment are endogenous to the market and are ultimately to be traced to the shifting sands that underlie the prevailing conventional judgment regarding the future .
The path to greater market stability requires heavy government intervention . It is the job of the state to counter the waxing and waning of animal spirits and help stabilize the level of investment , output and employment .
Uncertainty and Subjective Expectations in the Austrian Framework
Prominent Austrian economists such as Mises , Lachmann , and Rothbard agree with Keynes 's rejection of a mechanistic relationship between past and future prices .
This rejection is the result of a consistent application of the subjective theory of value . The prices of the past result from the individual valuations that prevail in a specific set of circumstances . Two individuals , however , can form different valuations in the same circumstances . Moreover , the same individual may react differently to identical conditions at two different points in time .
It follows that the reemergence of a similar set of conditions in the future need not result in the reappearance of the same set of prices as in the past . Thus , there is no simple , deterministic relationship between the past and the future . Instead , the future is inherently uncertain .
This has implications for the formation of expectations . Entrepreneurs can not study past prices , calculate the numerical probability associated with them and then simply extrapolate these numbers into the future . As a result , mathematical probability is not a suitable foundation on which to base expectations . However , this does not imply that we know nothing about the future . The past can still serve as a guide to action .
Entrepreneurs can still estimate the likelihood of future events . They do so by trying to understand the motivations underlying the valuations of market participants in specific situations in the past . They must peer beneath the veil of past prices and must analyze why market participants acted the way they did under the given conditions .
This analysis of unique , heterogeneous situations as they arose in the past , and not the numerical probabilities associated with past prices , provides the raw material to appraise the valuations and prices that will prevail in the future in a different set of conditions . Thus , in the Austrian framework , expectations do not rest on utilizing numerical probability but on interpreting and understanding the past .
This , as in the case of Keynes , lends them a subjective flavor . Nevertheless , the subjective expectations of entrepreneurs do not coalesce into a homogenous and ever-shifting conventional judgment regarding the future . Instead , these expectations are heterogeneous . Two entrepreneurs may come to different conclusions regarding why individuals behaved the way they did in the past . Moreover , their grounding in the past gives them a basis in reality . Thus , they are not whimsical and subject to random fluctuations .
Subjective Expectations , Profit and Loss , and Market Order in the Austrian Framework
The expectations of entrepreneurs , while subjective , exhibit a discernible pattern . The ability to appraise the future is not distributed evenly across market participants . Instead , in a market economy there are leaders , or those who are better able to formulate a judgment of the future based on the past , and there are others who are less proficient at doing so .
The profit and loss system ensures that the better appraisers are rewarded for their more successful judgments and accumulate capital . Those who are less successful at this endeavor are , meanwhile , gradually stripped of their capital . Thus , they lose influence in shaping the course of the market .
This process of entrepreneurial selection allows for the coordination of the decisions of producers and consumers . It ensures that , at any given moment in time , the best appraisers of the future are in control of making the key production decisions in the economy . Thus , in the Austrian framework , uncertainty and subjective expectations are compatible with market order and stability .
The key to ensuring this is a price system that results from the voluntary decisions of market participants to engage in mutually beneficial exchange . The prices that emerge on the various factor markets must reflect the appraisements of the participating entrepreneurs . Any interference with such a system of prices can interfere with this process of coordination and the order generated by the market .
An artificial reduction of the interest rate that results from an expansion of the money supply is an example of such an intervention . The increase in liquidity interferes with the process of entrepreneurial selection . In fact , it turns this system on its head .
Profits no longer reward those entrepreneurs who allocate scarce resources to the highest ranked ends of the consumers . Instead , they reward those who , misled by the artificially low interest rate , embark on production projects that are unsustainable . Those entrepreneurs who correctly perceive the underlying unsustainability now lose control of the capital at their disposal and gradually lose the ability to influence the course of affairs .
Thus , it is monetary expansion and an artificially low interest rate and not the endemic uncertainty of the future that generates booms and busts and market instability . In a free market , thanks to the profit-loss system , resources are allocated primarily by those who are best at grappling with uncertainty . In a world of artificially cheap credit , however , the very same system rewards those entrepreneurs who engage in the consumption of capital and the malinvestment of scarce resources .
Source : https : //mises.org/blog/keynesians-and-austrians-uncertainty-means-two-different-things
Mr Joko might have the power in their hands but they have no right as a human being in all good conscience to kill Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan on the prison island of Nusakambangan . Should the president proceed regardless , a great opportunity - to reject the eye for an eye brutality that demeans us all as humans - will vanish in the time it takes to pull an executioner 's trigger . An important opportunity will be gone for Indonesia to show the world it is a civilised nation willing and able to assume the moral high ground , when mercy and empathy demand it . A chance will be lost to show that Indonesia treats the citizens of other nations as it would its own when they too have erred grievously and been caught trafficking drugs overseas and are facing the death penalty just like the two convicted Australians . An opportunity gone to show that the Indonesian justice system is n't blinkered or susceptible to corruption but rather a bastion of due process and restorative justice .
Yet , for now , we have the abhorrent situation where the Indonesian state is about to shoot dead Sukumaran and Chan , along with criminals from the Philippines , France , Nigeria , Ghana , Indonesia and potentially a mentally ill Brazilian . The two Australians ' lives are not worth more or less than the fellow condemned or the thousands of others executed in Indonesia and other nations each year . Neither does Australia want special treatment from Mr Joko . All Australians seek is common humanity . Killing a convicted drug trafficker will be a deterrent , the president 's supporters say . Perhaps a little at best . Australians certainly knew before this case and still know now not to attempt drug smuggling in Indonesia . But some will keep trying , there and in other nations .
What 's more , every organised crime operation will simply become more sophisticated , bribe more officials and find more vulnerable , naive people to carry drugs : paying them a bit more to offset the perception of greater risk of execution should they be caught . And at what cost this supposed deterrence ? Yes , Indonesia 's reputation will suffer , although that hardly matters . Governments are entitled to do what they do and face the consequences . But in the fight against crime , the Australian Federal Police will surely think twice about sharing information with their Indonesian counterparts as they did in this case , knowing that anyone caught there will be denied basic rights and due process . Many Australians who otherwise support the anti-drugs efforts of our police and foreign authorities will be even more sceptical and less likely to help .
And , above all , the cost will be a terrible one for every young person who might be trying to decide what is right and wrong in life . The execution will send an appalling message : that even if you do wrong there is no point in repentance , for you will be executed anyway by a state prepared to lower itself to the same base level as the lowest criminal . There is no point in trying to be a better person to help others as Sukumaran and Chan have done , either : your efforts will be all for nought . As a would-be miscreant or hardened criminal , you may as well operate on the assumption of an eye for an eye and put all your energies into not getting caught , giving yourself the right to be barbaric to anyone who challenges your plans . If it is good enough for the state to end a life , then why not me ? As for the need to inflict pain on the offenders through execution , death may even bring sweet relief from the mental agony of not knowing when life will be taken away , not by some spiritual , greater being but by one man .
There are humane alternatives that achieve the goals of state-sanctioned murder plus many more - without the horrific costs . A life of incarceration is just as terrible a deterrent . Through the tragedies of the Bali bombings in 2002 and 2005 , the Herald maintained Australia had to unequivocally oppose the death penalty not only on moral grounds but also if it wanted to be heard in other jurisdictions . The Bali bombers sought celebrity status , made no attempt at rehabilitation and sought martyrdom through death . But the Herald argued it would be `` far less glamorous - far more effective , in the end - to leave them to rot in jail . '' When prisoners do repent , as Sukumaran and Chan have , they can help others who will be free some day , to contribute positively to society and work to support fellow citizens who might venture down the wrong path .
Execution means Indonesia loses that opportunity too . Sukumaran and Chan are not asking Mr Joko for freedom . They are asking for that most basic of human rights : their life . Australians are simply appalled that the pair were not given the chance to show how they had rehabilitated . The president did not fully examine their claims for clemency individually , as the Herald and most lawyers believe they were required to do under Indonesian law . Many Indonesians are similarly appalled at the fate that awaits the pair . As such , there is no reason for any Australians as fellow humans to take out their anger on Indonesians , their businesses or tourist destinations .
Only by rising above the cheap shots and petty rivalries will Australians be able to show more Indonesians and their leaders that the moral high ground where we stand is not an arrogant , dismissive and restricted place as Mr Joko and supporters of capital punishment would have you believe . The moral high ground is a place to which every human should aspire in our words and reach with our deeds . The Herald pleads with the President and their family to spare these lives .
WASHINGTON ― When their name was first floated as a potential nominee to replace James Comey as FBI director , Christopher Wray faced a dilemma familiar to many high-profile Republicans in the Trump era : whether to join the administration of a president who has acted in ways they do n't approve of .
Wray 's situation was even more difficult than most : He 'd worked closely with the man Trump unceremoniously fired , he 'd have to take over a bureau demoralized by Comey 's dismissal and he 'd have to work under a president who does n't seem to care about the traditional barriers between the FBI and the White House .
At their Senate Judiciary Committee confirmation hearing Wednesday , Wray said that they ultimately decided to pursue the job ― and give up their multimillion-dollar salary as a lawyer ― because of their interest in protecting the institution of the FBI and the men and women who work there .
“ During the time when my name was first released to the media but before I was asked to take on the position , I got calls from all these agents I used to work with , prosecutors that I used to work with ― for and against , from different administrations ― and the outpouring of support and encouragement that I got was both humbling and gratifying , ” said Wray , who was an assistant attorney general in the George W. Bush administration . “ I want to do this for those people . ”
Wray had to strike a delicate balance at Wednesday 's hearing . On the one hand , they could n't outright insult the man who nominated him . But they also had to distance themselves from some of the actions Trump has taken that go directly against the policies and practices of the bureau Wray hopes to lead .
First , there was the question of a loyalty pledge . Comey said Trump had asked them for loyalty during an unusual one-on-one meeting at the White House . Wray said they would never agree to that .
“ My loyalty is to the Constitution , to the rule of law and to the mission of FBI , ” Wray said . “ No one asked me for any kind of loyalty oath at any point during this process , and I sure as heck did n't offer one. ” They said it was “ highly unlikely ” that he 'd ever meet with Trump one-on-one . They added that “ there is n't a person on this planet whose lobbying or influence ” could persuade them to drop a proper investigation .
There were other big splits . Trump considers former FBI Director Robert Mueller 's special counsel investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 campaign a “ witch hunt. ” Wray says it is n't . Trump called Comey a “ showboat ” and a “ grandstander. ” Wray called Comey a “ terrific lawyer , a dedicated public servant and a wonderful colleague. ” Trump has been skeptical of Russian interference in the election . Wray said they had no reason to doubt the conclusion of the U.S. intelligence community that Russia engaged in a hacking effort to interfere in the election .
Wray has the support of a bipartisan group of former U.S. attorneys , including former Attorney General Eric Holder and former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates ( who , like Comey , was fired by Trump ) . The letter stated that Wray would lead the bureau with “ honor , independence , and a tireless commitment to the rule of law . ”
The hope of Wray 's backers is that Trump will be replacing Comey with someone who has a similar integrity and independent streak .
“ Chris , in so many ways , is cut from the same cloth as James Comey is , ” Bill Mateja , who worked with Wray at the Justice Department , told HuffPost . “ They have terrific moral compasses , and they 're very motivated to do the right thing and will do the right thing no matter what . ”
Wray told senators he 'd resign before breaking the law on the president 's behalf or doing something unethical . The question is whether Trump has learned anything from the accusations of improper efforts to influence Comey .
The food cart rankings for 2012 have been compiled and Madison has a new name at the top of the charts : FIB 's Fine Italian Beef and Sausage .
Last year 's # 1 ranking cart was Ingrid 's LunchBox , a long-time city favorite , especially for their Dane County Farmers ' Market breakfasts . However proprietor Ingrid Rockwell announced their retirement from the cart last August .
Each year , at the end of September , the city reviews all the current carts and all new carts who wish to vend on the Mall/Concourse ( UW Library Mall and Capitol Square ) the following season . A panel of freelance tasters ( this year there were 18 of them ) , recruited by Madison street vending coordinator Warren Hansen , sample the food at each cart . Tasters rate carts on their food ( 40 % ) , a category that includes flavor , overall menu , and presentation ; their `` apparatus '' ( 40 % ) , which includes design and visual impact , signage , cleanliness and maintenance ; and originality ( 20 % ) , which might take into account factors such as how many other carts sell the same kind of food , or if there 's something special about the menu or the cart itself .
Finally , years of seniority ( capped at 7 ) are added in , and any demerits for health or vending code violations are subtracted , to come up with the final score . Hansen believes this review process may be unique to Madison -- he 's never heard of another city that does this . The rankings help determine site placement for the following year , avoiding turf war scenarios . And if a cart scores below 70 overall , no vending permit is issued .
This year 48 carts participated in the review , up from 44 last year and from 46 in 2010 .
FIB 's tops the final rankings with five years of seniority and no deductions , although , interestingly , it actually had a slightly higher evaluation score last year , when it ranked second . If looking only at the taster 's food evaluation score , FIB 's comes in 12th .
In the overall final rankings , Curt 's Gourmet Popcorn came in second and Zen Sushi came in third , followed by Dandelion Vegetarian and El Burrito Loco . Zen Sushi is back with regular weekday appearances at Library Mall , after only sporadic appearances last spring and summer . Here are the complete official final rankings ( PDF ) .
Here are the top ten :
FIB 's Curt 's Gourmet Popcorn Zen Sushi Dandelion Vegetarian Foods El Burrito Loco Buraka Teryaki Samurai Fried & Fabulous Good Food Umami
If looking at the tasting panels evaluation on food only ( leaving aside apparatus , originality , demerits , et . al . ) the cart coming out on top is a newcomer , Taquitos Marimar . The top ten in the food-only rankings go like this :
Taquitos Marimar Banzo 1 Buraka Surco Peruvian Kakilima Blowin ' Smoke BBQ Banzo 2 Good Food Fried & Fabulous Madison Sourdough
The overall panel rankings without the seniority or demerit scores added in results in a slightly different top ten :
Fried & Fabulous Umami Dandelion Vegetarian Banzo 2 FIBs Taquitos Marimar Good Food Banzo 1 SoHo Kakilima
New carts in the review include Umami , Ladonia Cafe , SoHo Gourmet Cuisine , Slide , In N Out Empanada , and Fortune Cafe . SoHo , Slide , and In N Out can be found currently vending in the southeast vending area on the UW-Madison campus , which has become somewhat of an incubator for carts waiting to get a license for the Mall or Square . Slide is in front of Grainger Hall , SoHo in front of the Educational Sciences building on West Johnson , and In N Out in front of the Geology Building on West Dayton .
In fact , there is almost what might be called a mini-pod of southeast vendors these days lined up lunchtimes on the West Dayton block in front of the Geology Building : Banzo 2 , In N Out , a second FIB 's cart , and another Chicago Dog/sausage/Italian Beef cart called Raffy 's . ( Mote : the latter two do not appear in the 2012 review results because they are not applying for Mall/Concourse licensing ) .
Hansen explains that construction has made southeast sites U3 and U4 unusable and so they moved more vendors to Dayton Street . That worked because `` there 's plenty of room , with a nice wide terrace . '' Hansen notes that vendors `` appear to be doing well there , '' so he 's considering revising the southeast site placement to include more carts in that block . He 's also going to do away with a site on Park Street `` near the bike path bridge '' because it has not proven to be a good location .
SoHo Gourmet Cuisines prepares a variety of dumplings ( potstickers ) with fusion fillings , along with two salads . Slide serves sliders , though none are traditional burgers .
Among other new carts , Umami stems from the Williamson Street restaurant of the same name .
Missing from the review was the Monty 's Blue Plate cart . Monty 's general manager and chef Matt Pace says that while the cart will no longer be on the Square or at Library Mall , it will be used at special events and as part of Monty 's catering program .
The cart roster continues to juggle four popcorn carts , although two of the four are different from last year 's four : Curt 's Gourmet comes in at number two , Ernie 's Kettle Corn at number 29 , and newcomers Golden Square Kettle Corn at number 40 and Capitol Kettle Corn at 42 .
High-Quality Pelikan Products from the Field `` Fine Writing ''
Pelikan - This brand stands for reliable writing instruments with a wide product range . We are conscious of tradition and resort to decades of experience , because , whether it is a fountain pen , a rollerball pen or a ballpoint pen , one writing instrument is not like the other .
If you are looking for that certain something , or you , quite rightly , enjoy a sophisticated taste , or you simply wish for more elegance then you are absolutely right here . In our tradition-steeped field `` fine writing '' , we offer you high-quality Pelikan products , perfectly combined with our tried and tested brand quality , as well as perfected and refined state of the art elegance .
Under `` Collections '' we proudly present you our most exquisite pens . Apart from limited unique specimen and pen series , you will also find exclusive ink collections here , as well as classic leather cases , and certainly additional accessories , such as refills , converters and cartridges .
Why not give away the perfect combination of tried and tested functionality and a noble design , or let yourself be charmed by our products - a sweet temptation that is worth giving in to ...
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It 's time to face facts and admit what other pundits can not bring themselves to admit .
Not only do Arsenal have all the ingredients required to win the title , I 'm beginning to think they will do it .
The Gunners go to Manchester United on Sunday five points clear at the top , eight points ahead of their hosts and six ahead of Manchester City – my pre-season tip to win the Premier League .
That 's a strong position to be in , especially with Theo Walcott , Lukas Podolski and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain still to come back from injuries .
And they have just come through two games which could easily have stopped Arsenal in their tracks .
Had they come unstuck at home against Liverpool and away to Borussia Dortmund , Arsene Wenger 's men would have been knocked off the top in the title race and faced elimination from the ­Champions League .
But they did n't just pass the big test . The Gunners came through with flying colours - to such an extent that ­Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp reckons they could win the European Cup .
And that 's not such a long shot when you think Arsenal have won away at both Dortmund and Bayern Munich - the two sides that contested last season 's European Cup Final - in 2013 .
Before a ball was kicked in August , I feared Arsenal might not even make the top four .
There had been no marquee signings all summer while City and Chelsea had spent £200million on new players .
I thought Wenger was getting left behind in the transfer market , but landing £42.5m Mesut Ozil on deadline day changed all that at a stroke .
Now , when Wenger 's players look round the dressing room , instead of wondering who 's going to be the next big name to leave , they see Ozil and think , “ We 've got one of the best players in the world in our team . ”
The German has given Arsenal the belief that they are contenders , not pretenders , for the title this time .
On Sunday , they will walk into Old ­Trafford believing they can follow in the footsteps of Sylvain Wiltord , who clinched the Double for Arsenal at United 's ground in 2002 .
And , on current form , they have the best player in the Premier League – Aaron Ramsey , whose 11 club goals this term is as many as they have scored in the rest of their Arsenal career .
How good is this team ? Well , you could argue that there is no room for Jack Wilshere in Wenger 's strongest XI .
Personally , I would pick Wilshere ( because they supported me in Strictly Come Dancing ! ) , but they should be aspiring to match Ramsey 's goal-scoring record from midfield this year .
( Image : Getty )
And what do Arsenal need to do to stay out in front ?
Olivier Giroud has become the focal point of their attack , so keeping them fit is now going to be a priority .
Signing another striker in January , as cover for Giroud , would give them added depth on the run-in .
Clearly , Ozil , who has lifted the club – on and off the pitch – will be ­influential , but I 've also been impressed with Wojciech Szczesny 's improved consistency in goal and Per Mertesacker has been a rock at the back .
Look after those crown jewels and the title is there for the taking .
After the verbal pasting Wenger got following that opening-day loss to Aston Villa , it would be a remarkable ­turnaround if they managed to last the pace .
They are the best manager in the Premier League .
I was among those who wrote them off last season , and I would be so pleased for them if they had the last laugh .
Click here for Robbie on Ashley Young , Hugo Lloris and more , plus their scoreline predictions for this weekend in the premier League .
EXCLUSIVE OFFER
4.2k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest
Greece is a country that brims with natural beauty comprising lovely beaches that are thronged by tourists all around the year and some beaches , which are still undiscovered and not commercialised . You can be lucky to land yourself in one such beach on your trip to the Greek Islands . Let us explore 10 of the best beaches in Greece here :
Myrtos is one of the very exotic beaches in the Greek island of Kefalonia . It is also rated as one of the most beautiful one in the entire world . The turquoise blue crystal waters with the steep cliffs submerged in the pure waters , is like a paradise and a photographers delight . People come here and wait around to see the sun go down and submerge in the clear blue water .
Further deterioration in ties : The Israeli government initiated the massive WikiLeaks disclosure this week in the aims of pushing Turkey into a corner , a senior official in Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan charged Wednesday .
`` We should look at the countries that are satisfied by the leak , and Israel is very satisfied , '' said Huseyin Celik , the deputy chairperson of Turkey 's ruling party .
WikiLeaks Erdoğan calls WikiLeaks docs 'gossip ' AFP Turkish prime minister visibly upset by leaked cables which claim they have eight Swiss bank accounts with private funds and surrounds themselves with fawning advisors ; says US must 'hold cable writers accountable for slandering ' Erdoğan calls WikiLeaks docs 'gossip '
Celik , who also serves as the party 's spokesperson , said in a press conference that Turkey started to suspect that `` the leak 's main objective was to weaken the Turkish government . ''
Turkey 's President Abdullah Gul already hinted Tuesday that the massive leak was the result of `` systematic work . '' However , Gul and other government members refrained from directly naming Israel .
But Wednesday , Spokesman Celik , who is closely associated with Turkish PM Erdoğan , did not hold back while emphasizing Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's remarks hours before the WikiLeaks publication as a telltale sign Israel was being the leak .
Some 8,000 documents of the more than 250,000 to be published by WikiLeaks arrived from the American embassy in Turkey . A similar number was originated from the US embassy in Tel Aviv
During a recent economic address by Hillary Clinton to soft-launch their `` growth and fairness economy '' plan , they rightfully noted that we `` need new ideas '' to combat slow economic growth and the lack of opportunities for some Americans . But then they proceeded to offer outdated and failed policies that would guarantee the United States remains stuck in the 20th century forever .
Nowhere was this more visible than in their attack on the sharing economy—a term used by my colleagues who are experts on technology policy at the Mercatus Center to describe `` any marketplace that uses the Internet to connect distributed networks of individuals to share or exchange otherwise underutilized assets . ''
Without mentioning companies such as Uber , Airbnb , and Lyft by name , Clinton explained that `` many Americans are making extra money renting out a spare room , designing websites , selling products they design themselves at home or even driving their own car . '' As they remarked , that 's a good thing because this `` on-demand , or so-called gig , economy is creating exciting opportunities and unleashing innovation . ''
But do n't get too excited . They immediately tempered their praise for the ability of consumers to contract directly with producers because it raises `` hard questions about workplace protections and what a good job will look like in the future . '' That reflection was quickly followed by a promise to stifle those disruptive forces with more `` workplace protections . ''
So they promised to fight this innovative arrangement in the workplace and `` crack down on bosses who exploit employees by misclassifying them as contractors or even steal their wages . '' Then they proposed a mix of government `` investments '' ( read : spending ) and strong-arming of businesses to institute a higher minimum wage , paid family leave , earned sick days , a right to child care , President Barack Obama 's mandated overtime , and all that good stuff ( read : more tried and failed policies ) , which has n't worked out so well in Europe .
In May , for instance , The New York Times ran what should have been an eye-opening piece that looked at the many ways numerous Clintonian policies backfired , discouraged employment and cut wages in countries where they have been prominently implemented .
But forget about that silly data , because their policies would `` ( break ) down barriers so more Americans participate more fully in the workforce . '' In their mind , Uber and other permission-less innovators are exploiting workers . At the least , these innovators need to be told what to pay their employees by know-it-all politicians .
At a time when policies they endorsed—such as the war in Iraq and the Affordable Care Act—have helped even more Americans realize just how incompetent lawmakers are at creating policies , not to mention the negative consequences politicians ' decisions can have on their lives , Clinton is trying to make us respect the wisdom of politicians and the laws they intend to enact .
Innovators who invent new technology that creatively destroys old workplace arrangements are also changing the lives of millions of Americans and people around the globe , lowering our cost of living and making the world a better place . They should be able to do so without having to constantly fight with politicians .
Here 's a new idea for Clinton : The government should n't get in the way of innovation and progress ; it should watch from the sidelines and be grateful that there are private actors who are willing to risk their own money and effort to produce the benefits government can never deliver .
© Copyright 2015 by Creators Syndicate Inc .
`` How 'bout them Jets '' . This was a comment that my dad used to say to take the conversation away from teaching when getting together with friends . Well , it served as a signal to leave the room to talk about anything other than teaching because my dad is n't a teacher . For years that phrase had no actual value ; it was simply a joke between two friends . Suddenly , instead a being a way to change the conversation , it became a phrase to start a new one about my Jets . Winnipeg had remembered for so long , aching with anticipation that the man who took their team away would allow them to get a NHL team again . Let them cheer for something that made them feel like the big city that Winnipeg aspires to be .
_____________________________________________________________________________________________
I live in Winnipeg . I may not always live in Winnipeg , but I do for now . I love Winnipeg as a whole when it is n't too hot , there are n't many mosquitos and construction does n't litter the streets . I also prefer to not freeze outside waiting for buses that may or may not come . But I love Winnipeg with all my heart ; against better judgement . Winnipeg feels like an old sweatshirt that is so comfy that you are afraid to throw it out because you do n't want to miss it , even if you can get a better sweatshirt without holes that will do the same job . It is n't your sweatshirt anymore and that scares you .
The Winnipeg Jets are a part of the fabric that constructs the messy town called Winnipeg . They left here in 1996 , but the soul of the team , the spirit that tried to keep them here during the end never left . That spirit was in the malls as merchandise was being sold for a team that had up and left years before . It was there when the fans shut down Portage and Main to celebrate the return of the team ; not the actual team , but something that was reminiscent of the team they knew and loved .
Winnipeg has always fancied itself as a major city , maybe because Winnipeg once was a major city . Winnipeg was once a hub ; a place where people moved to instead of moved from . Winnipeg was a place where businesses were based because it was convenient . Winnipeg was once a place to be ; until it was n't anymore .
_____________________________________________________________________________________________
Walk down Selkirk Avenue . It used to be a grand place , now it 's a place where people go to promote peace and protest the violence that envelopes downtown and the North End . There is only one real grocery store in the area and even that can be a walk to get to . The vibrancy that can be found in the old photos of the area is gone . Instead , there is a community that is fighting for their kids . A place that is desperately trying to create a future where some say there is no way out .
Walking around parts of Winnipeg , the past is everywhere ; on the faces of the people that live in the area as well as the buildings . I did a community walk not that far from the University of Winnipeg and the houses were dilapidated . That was because they were not built to last forever , but instead built to last for the moment . That moment passed and those houses still stand , beaten in by the weather but desperately needed by it 's occupants as the weather in Winnipeg takes no prisoners . The weather beats down the best of us ; grinding us to a pulp with never ending winters and hot , humid summers filled with mosquitos . But leave here ? No way ! It will get better because it has to , at least that is what we are lead to believe .
_____________________________________________________________________________________________
For years Winnipeg had the Manitoba Moose . The Moose were a valiant group who gave the city many good memories , but they were not what Winnipeg really craved : validation . The Moose were only in Winnipeg because the Jets failed in their first attempt in Winnipeg . The Moose were affordable , they were in a lower league where the tickets were cheaper and it was easier to take a family to a game . It was hockey that the people were watching , but it was n't their beloved Jets . It was n't the team that they had emptied their piggy banks for trying to save . It was a hockey team , but it was n't the right hockey team .
For years the rumours swirled whenever a franchise was struggling that they could move to Winnipeg . It never happened . Instead , once a year the Phoenix Arizona Coyotes would come and play a pre-season game every year . But it was n't the Jets and it would never be the Jets unless they returned to the city . The AHL might be the right size of league for Winnipeg 's actual size , but the dreams of the city and the people living here demanded something bigger , something grander . Something that was more in line with our past as an important city in Canada than our present as the centre of Canada ; a place where people stop because we are here , not because there 's a lot to do .
_____________________________________________________________________________________________
Winnipeg does not need a NHL team to become a great city . It does not need a NHL team to show that when the Red and Assiniboine Rivers burst their banks once again , that they will help protect the houses that are vulnerable . No NHL team can make Folklarama an event ; Folklarama is an event because it is part of Winnipeg , much like the Forks and the Festival du Voyageur are a part of Winnipeg . But the people of Winnipeg need the Jets to remind us of what we once were and what we can still be .
Winnipeg needs the Jets . Winnipeg needs the validation that we can still be a major city ; that we can are still a major city . We need validation that we are not a has been place ; someplace that was something until the importance of geographical location died off .
Winnipeg really is n't much . It 's a collection of imperfect places and imperfect ideas that work imperfectly . Winnipeg is imperfect . It is a place in the centre of a continent that does n't know what it should be anymore . Instead of trying to define Winnipeg ; to define ourselves , we look beyond our limits to those who stay here , who visit here for validation . Winnipeg should not have to be validated , we should not have to look elsewhere to accept our city for what it is .
_____________________________________________________________________________________________
When the NHL returned to Winnipeg there was a sense that the team had to be named the Winnipeg Jets ; that no other name would do . The Jets defined Winnipeg during their existence until they left in 1996 and in their 15 year absence . The Jets define Winnipeg today . The Jets will always define Winnipeg , whether they are here or long gone to a different city .
At the heart of Winnipeg is the notion of hard work . There are office buildings yes , but the train tracks , the meat plants , the trucks that drive through here . Hard work . People look at the Jets and they see themselves in the players that are defined not by their skill or their flash , but by their work ethic , by their determination .
No one has to love us or even tolerate us except for ourselves . The players on the Jets only have to live here part of the year and play hard . The players only owe us that . The rest we have to find ourselves because somewhere in ourselves , we all love a part of Winnipeg . No one should ever have to validate this for us .
Winnipeg is okay . We should know that and be fine with it . It may mean settling , but what is wrong with being okay . We are a small city in the middle of nowhere . We are okay . We do n't need a NHL team to be okay . We do n't need people to tell us that they love Winnipeg to be okay . We should know we are okay , because we are here all the time and we know our city best .
_____________________________________________________________________________________________
I started writing this before everything exploded with Evander Kane . I have been trying to articulate the relationship between Winnipeg and the Jets . The more I wrote , the more I realized that the Jets symbolize Winnipeg as a whole . Winnipeg had to bounce back from a lot , including the loss of the Jets . I have a weird relationship with the Jets because I grew up with the Manitoba Moose . The more I observe things , the more I think that Winnipeggers are insecure about our city , afraid of what other people think of us . We are a self conscious group and we project that to the world . I love Winnipeg for what it is , flaws included . We need to stop needing our city validated because our city works for us . We may not love Winnipeg , but we do n't hate it enough to leave . No one and nothing can make Winnipeg a great city outside of those of us who live here . Winnipeg : we loathe ourselves so everyone will love us to make us feel better .
It was n't long ago when Jaguar presented its C-X75 electric supercar as a concept at the 2010 Paris Motor Show . Now the company says the car 's going into production , hitting the streets in 2013 .
If you missed its rollout as a concept car , here 's a quick review : This thing is a monster . It 's a plug-in hybrid electric car that works like the Chevy Volt , running on electric power that 's replenished by a gasoline engine . But that 's where the similarity ends .
This road rocket has a 145kW electric motor on each wheel , powering it from 0 to 60 mph in less than 3 seconds with a top speed of at least 200 mph . According to Top Gear , those motors are expected to generate roughly 800 horsepower .
When it runs out of battery power ( after traveling about 30 miles ) , the car 's batteries are recharged by a turbocharged four-cylinder gasoline engine . Unfortunately , the twin micro-jet engines that recharged the concept car did n't quite make it into the production model , but Top Gear says , `` the fiery cannons of goodness might make it into a later section of the production run . '' See what the twin microturbines look like through the rear window in the gallery below .
Want one ? The lowest estimated price we 've seen for the Jaguar C-X75 is in the neighborhood of $ 1.1 million . Snap one up quick when 2013 rolls around , because Jaguar is only making 250 of them .
Jaguar C-X75 Electric Car
And here 's what Jay Leno thought of the Electro-Jag :
Graphics courtesy Jaguar
Handling a ton of work and personal projects can turn into a nightmare if you do n't have the right work tools at hand .
You 've probably known about the Asana project management tool for a while now . It 's one of the most advanced options on the market — and surely one that can take the stress out of your work routine .
Especially after you go through this advanced tutorial on using Asana to effectively manage your projects .
But let me start with a quick word play first .
Did you know that ‘ asana ' is a yoga term that in direct translation means ‘ seat ' ?
What 's the link here ?
Well , striking the right pose in yoga signifies that you are in a position where you can stay comfortably and relax , however difficult that pose is .
And here comes the common ground between a project management tool and a 1000-year-old spiritual tradition .
The Asana project manager is a work tool that allows you to be in a good place and get rid of hectic workflows , however heavy projects can be .
But what exactly is Asana ?
Asana Is…
Well , it 's a tool for organizing personal or team work , basing the system on individual tasks framed into bigger projects . It 's a faithful friend in the fight with deadlines and work chaos .
Asana was created to replace the use of email for work communication and collaboration . Before the current wide adoption of project management tools , it was a common practice that all work decisions and task organization were executed via email .
A peace treaty with email
Since email does not allow information to be arranged in the context of projects and tasks , handling all incoming notes and requests can become a hellish experience . There 's barely anybody left out there who still thinks that project management via email can be productive .
What Asana does instead is embedding email communication within the project management experience .
PRO TIP : Got a relevant message in your inbox ? Just forward it to Asana by sending it to x @ mail.asana.com .
The workable units of… work
Besides taking the load from your inbox , Asana helps both individuals and teams break down big tasks into manageable pieces . The smallest work unit is a task , which is embedded within a project .
You can add details to and manage each task in a number of ways , such as including files and comments , which gives you a great sense of control . This also makes the mind mapping of huge projects easier — and logical as a process .
What is Asana used for ?
From managing the work of a whole team to handling your personal daily tasks , Asana does the job . Whether you are running a marketing agency with remote workers or a brick-and-mortar shop selling computers , this project management tool can be irreplaceable for organizing and making sense of daily tasks .
Within your company , or for your own task management needs , you can create a variety of Asana projects that are dedicated to specific aspects of your activities . Let 's see how to use Asana to manage projects .
Standard use cases
In some cases , a project will be used for a certain period of time only . For example , if you are organizing an event , this Asana project will be active until the event has passed and can be then archived .
Alternatively , a project can hold information about your ongoing work for a client , which means it will stay active for as long as needed .
But on top of these two common uses , Asana projects can serve you well for a bunch of other activities that are taking up a lot of your time . Let 's jump right into them .
Taking Asana further
Tired of disorganized and unproductive meetings ? You can create a recurring project for your monthly team meeting . Each team member can add tasks to it , so when it 's time to get together , you will have a complete meeting agenda .
Having trouble with a messy content creation process in your organization or for your own blog ? You can give a shot at using Asana 's calendar as your Editorial Calendar . Each planned content makes up a task , where you can attach the document and keep all relevant information at hand .
How about making product launches and releases smoother ? Just use a single project to coordinate the activities of different teams in your organization , so that you are all on the right track for the big day .
Repeating process templates and pipelines are another great application for Asana projects . If you regularly undergo a certain process in your team or solo work , a template with the common set of tasks is an efficient way to save time and remember important steps . You can also make task templates to make recurring work even easier .
Managing your organization , A to Z
You can use an Asana project for your internal communication , too . Staff and team announcements can be hosted within a project , keeping team members on the same page and allowing for internal discussions .
For a better overview of teamwork and a greater level of accountability , employ projects for creating roadmaps and goal tracking . They can help you stay on top of long-term planning and team progress , as well as contribute to transparency in your common work .
Managing HR processes can get smoother with Asana . Just create a template for onboarding new members or tracking of candidates in the process of interviews and hiring .
You can put the project management tool to work for your internal reporting as well . Management reporting , as well as employee development and progress meetings , can be hosted as separate projects . This ensures all internal feedback wo n't get lost in piles of files .
Last but not least , why not experiment with Asana for organizing your library or resources , or to keep track of your inventory ? Then tasks can be used as units in your stock or to signify a document . You can easily add deadlines and additional information for each item .
Asana Structure Revealed
Asana 's creators have crafted its internal structure in a smart and flexible system that allows constant evolving and adapting to the needs of people . It is based on deep insights into the ways people work , especially when it comes to team collaboration .
Before we delve into the actionable steps you can follow for teamwork or personal use , let 's get a quick overview of the intricate universe hiding in this project management tool .
Workspaces : how to make them work for you
Workspaces are the big building blocks of your Asana tool . They can be synonymous with your whole company , or you can have a separate workspace for , say , each client that you work for .
For your personal task management , you can create a set of workspaces to stay on top of different priorities in your life . For example , you can place all your personal tasks in one workspace while sharing another workspace with family members to plan common activities .
Within workspaces , you can create numerous projects to match different areas of focus , whether it 's work or personal matters . Search is easy and customizable , so it 's a smooth experience to get around the place .
You can invite different members to different workspaces . The information shared in a certain workspace will be visible only for these select people .
Projects : mastering different flows of activity
One level below , workspaces are where all your projects live . They are a main organizational unit in Asana and can be both public and private . Plus , they can be displayed through different filters : priority , assigned people , and tags .
You can color-code them and move them around as needed . Sharing and deleting is easy , as is duplicating a project or creating a template from it for recurring activities .
Within a project , you can create different sections , which is extremely handy for segmenting different streams of activities within a project that holds numerous tasks .
You can add people to a project , thus making them a member of it . They will receive a notification in their inbox inviting them to take part .
PRO TIP : Within both projects and tasks , you can mention people and tasks using ‘ @ ' , thus creating a hyperlink that creates relationships between items in Asana .
Tasks : juggling with your work 's building blocks
The third and deepest level of organizing your work in Asana is called tasks . Simply put , they are to-dos . But in Asana , you can add a variety of additional information to them , making them the real powerhouse of your work .
Besides the title of the task , you can add a description with further details and directions about it . You can create subtasks for more complex jobs , and include attachments to keep relevant documents in the right place . Files can be uploaded directly to Asana or through Google Drive , Dropbox and other cloud drives .
Tasks can be tagged , so they can be easily discovered in context . You can also add followers so that these individuals are notified whenever there is some activity within a task . And of course , you can add due dates — even down to hours and minutes .
People can leave comments under tasks and mention other people or projects by using the mention ‘ @ . ' And you can ‘ love ' comments by clicking the heart button .
PRO TIP : You can switch how you and other members of your team see tasks . They can be arranged according to different priorities – incomplete , completed , by project , by assignee , and by due date .
PRO TIP 2 : You can add tasks to multiple projects at once . Just enter the names of the projects above the task title . Smooth , right !
Inbox
If you are really attached to your mailbox , do n't worry . Asana will provide you with an inbox of your own — without switching tabs . There you get notifications about all activities that are of interest for you .
For example , if you are added as a follower to a task , you will be able to see relevant activity there . The same goes for cases when you are mentioned in a comment .
All the tasks you are assigned to are visible in the next tab , My Tasks .
Calendar
The calendar in Asana is one of its real treasures . Instead of a stand-alone app , it is integrated as an alternative view for your tasks . This means that you can easily switch between ‘ list view ' and ‘ calendar view , ' so that you are able to see which tasks are due when .
Teams
Working together is a social activity , and Asana certainly accounts for that . The group of people who are members of the workspace is visible in the menu Team . Each of these members can assign and be assigned to projects and tasks .
Team leaders have a great level of control because they can adjust how much a member can alter projects and tasks and what is visible to them .
Integrations
The best part about Asana ? You can easily plug it in with the rest of your work tools . Dropbox , Hubstaff , Google Drive , Instagantt , Zapier , Slack , and MailChimp are only a few of the numerous Asana integrations . In the case of Dropbox , you can easily upload files to an Asana task straight from it because it 's built in Asana 's menu . For many of the other tools , you can add Asana via their interfaces – i.e . with Slack and Hipchat .
Asana also integrates with Hubstaff 's time tracking software . With their Chrome extension , you can track time on Asana tasks from within Asana 's dashboard itself . Pretty cool , right ? Here are step-by-step instructions to set up Asana 's time tracking integration with Hubstaff .
Hubstaff 's time-tracking software ensures you work the hours that you log with it 's productivity tracking features . The Chrome time tracker also makes a log of the websites you visit , time spent on each one and takes random screenshots of your work station at regular intervals so you ca n't cheat the system . You 'll work the hours you put in , guaranteed , and it will make sure your employees do the same .
The step-by-step guide to setting up a team project with Asana
While Asana 's internal structure is amazingly smart , wait till you see it put in practice for organizing your team 's work .
Let 's say you need to set up a project for your team collaboration on a client 's online marketing project . How to go about that in Asana ?
1 . Within your company 's workspace , create a new project .
You can name the project easily , in this case — Online Marketing .
2 . Add all team members who are going to work on the project .
In this way , people will be kept on the same page .
3 . Create Sections within the project to signify different activity areas .
Sections are a great way to split the different project directions for better visibility . Besides clicking “ Add Section , ” you can create a section by adding ‘ : ' at the end of the name of a task and it 's automatically turned into a section .
4 . Create a task for each unit of activity .
Splitting big projects into tasks gives you a possibility to tackle them more efficiently .
5 . Set the assignee of each task and the due date .
The assignee will be able to view all details about the task and the deadline .
6 . Add a description of the task , subtasks and attachments .
In this way , all relevant information for each task will be in the right place .
7 . Add team members to tasks
TOP TIP : 8 . Mention team members and other tasks with ease .
You can mention team members and link to other tasks by writing ‘ @ ” in the comments box . People will receive a notification in their inbox . Hyperlinked projects and tasks will be thus related to the current task .
Once you 've broken down a huge project into Sections of different activities , created individual tasks for each to-do , and added subtasks and other relevant information , you and your team members have set the ground for well-organized and timely execution of your client 's work .
How to set Asana for your personal use : illustrated guide
An important tip to remember is that it 's always useful to separate your team tasks from your personal ones . Asana is there to help with that – just choose ‘ Personal Projects ' from your profile menu instead of the team projects you 're a part of .
How to start using Asana for your personal projects and tasks ? Let 's take it step by step .
1 . Create a project for each of your main activities .
2 . Add tasks with due dates , description , subtasks , and attachments .
3 . Keep tabs on all your tasks from the calendar view .
TOP TIP : 4 . Enter focus mode
Just hit Tab+X and all other windows in your Asana will disappear but the current task you are working on . This will help your concentration while you stop worrying about the pile of work waiting for you after .
BONUS TIP : 5 . Going crazy with Asana
If you 're into flying unicorns , cats , and rainbows , here are some fun ways to use Asana . Yeah , project management is n't all serious .
As this thorough guide shows , Asana can be used for managing practically all kinds of work : from creative teamwork to personal organization . It 's packed with a bunch of useful features and enables as many different uses as there are teams and individuals .
What 's your favorite way to manage projects and stay on top of tasks with Asana ? We ca n't wait to hear about it in the comments !
$ 92.7 million first quarter loss
Mario Kart 8 sales are up to 2.82 million . It 's already the third-best-selling Wii U title . It accounted for more than half of the Wii U 's software sales for the first quarter of the 2014 fiscal year , according to The Verge .
Nintendo moved 510,000 Wii U units from April through June ( a 219 % increase over last year 's first quarter ) . The 3DS sold 820,000 , a dip from last year 's 1.4 million .
These numbers contributed to a $ 97.1 million operating loss for the first quarter , which is n't exactly a problem , given Nintendo 's mad money in the bank . Still , not great for Nintendo to hit its projected $ 388 million operating profit and 3.6 million Wii U sales for fiscal 2014 .
The Wii U should see sales bumps with Bayonetta 2 and Smash Bros as well , but given that Mario Kart 8 was a bump and only puts the year sales on pace for 2 million , who knows if it will be enough -- maybe as desired releases start to pile up , sales will snowball further .
'Mario Kart 8 ' fails to stem growing Nintendo losses [ The Verge ]
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
The Walt Disney Co. has finally given in to the streaming shift that has completely altered the media landscape in the last few years and battered the company 's world-wide leader in sports programming , ESPN .
Disney DIS , +1.07 % on Tuesday , laid out plans to launch a much awaited direct-to-consumer streaming service for ESPN to combat the damage the company has suffered from cord-cutting .
Read : What the ESPN streaming service will look like
Also read : ESPN preparing to lay off more on-air talent as struggles persist
The company also said it plans to nix its licensing deal with Netflix Inc. NFLX , +1.23 % and pull its movies from the service and launch a Disney branded streaming service in 2019 . Netflix shares fell on the news , but the response is most likely a knee-jerk reaction .
“ While this will be a negative headline for Netflix , we expect the actual impact on the subscriber base to be minimal , ” wrote Piper Jaffray analyst Michael Olson in a note to investors . “ There is no question Disney content was nice to have , but we believe Netflix can find ways to re-allocate roughly $ 200 million annually to create similarly engaging content for its subscriber base . ”
Netflix had and lost Disney content before , in 2011 , which it was receiving it via a deal with Starz . Raymond James analyst Justin Patterson said if Netflix survived the loss then , the company should be fine , having added much more content in the meantime .
Do n't miss : Disney and Netflix : What the split means for viewers
For Disney , however , it could be too little , too late , according to BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield . In a blog post following Disney 's announcement , Greenfield lambasted the strategic steps the company and its Chief Executive Robert Iger have taken .
Greenfield is expecting Disney to lose up to $ 2 billion a year as it foregoes third-party revenue and invests heavily to build up content and start a streaming service from scratch .
“ Disney 's announcement was light on details and did not sound terribly well hashed out . The announcement appeared designed to distract investors from Disney 's weak earnings and disappointing forward guidance , ” Greenfield wrote . “ Disney simply waited too long to make this critical decision . ”
Fears of cord-cutting really took hold of the industry back in 2015 , when a number of media companies and networks—Disney and ESPN included—reported a mass subscriber exodus .
Since then , a number of media companies have tried to adapt to changing consumer demands , inking content and digital distribution partnerships , introducing skinny bundles and launching new streaming platforms and live TV streaming services .
See : Disney leads U.S. stocks lower ; geopolitical tensions also add to caution
Check out : Major League Baseball to launch virtual reality viewing experience
Iger said at the time that they did n't expect anything dramatic to happen in the next five years to warrant moving to an over-the-top platform accessible without a cable subscription .
One reason Disney took so long to take ESPN direct to consumers is because the bundle was great business for the network . ESPN has the highest affiliate fees in the industry .
While there are n't many details about Disney 's direct-to-consumer service—including cost , what it will look like , or what will happen with Marvel and “ Star Wars ” content—some analysts are optimistic on the services potential , mainly because of its content .
“ We view the Disney-branded direct-to-consumer initiative favorably as we believe Disney has one of the strongest portfolios of content in the industry with an impressive history of leveraging this [ intellectual property ] across multiple platforms , ” J.P. Morgan analyst Alexia Quadrani wrote to investors .
Evercore analyst Vijay Jayant views the Disney-branded service as potentially disruptive as a subscription video-on-demand platform .
ESPN , however , adds more uncertainty to the outlook and heightens concerns of accelerating subscriber declines , according to Quadrani .
Disney reported on Tuesday that its third-quarter revenues suffered because of pressure on ESPN .
Do n't miss : Pay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in the latest quarter
Also read : ESPN struggles wo n't go away , but Disney 's CEO thinks they have the answer
If Disney 's direct-to-consumer platforms are successful , Greenfield anticipates that will accelerate ESPN 's demise .
“ The more content that consumers can obtain without a multichannel video subscription , not to mention more and more content without advertising , the less interest they will have in subscribing to the big multichannel video bundle , ” they wrote .
MINEOLA , N.Y. - A New York pediatrician charged with sexually abusing young female patients , including some who were secretly videotaped or photographed while naked , compiled a `` how-to book '' on molestation that they titled `` Sex '' and kept stored on their home computer , a prosecutor said Friday .
The book allegedly included their writings , plus passages from the ancient Indian sex manual , the Kama Sutra .
Dr. Rakesh Punn , 53 , who was arrested in July 2010 on preliminary charges of videotaping patients , pleaded not guilty Friday to a 60-count indictment charging them with sexual abuse , assault , promoting a sexual performance by a child and unlawful surveillance .
Doctor charged with fondling , taping patients
Punn also is charged with running a prescription scam for obtaining chloral hydrate , a controlled substance that Nassau County Assistant District Attorney Jane Zwirn-Turkin described as a `` date-rape '' drug .
When they were first arrested , Punn was ordered held on $ 3.5 million bail , but prosecutors argued Friday for higher bail , noting that Punn has a 24-year-old wife living in India and should be considered a flight risk . They previously said that when they were arrested , Punn had a large amount of cash in their Bethpage home , as well as a forged international driver 's license with their photo , but a false name and birth date .
County Court Judge William O'Brien agreed , setting a $ 10 million bond or $ 5 million cash bail .
Punn , who has not posted bail , was handcuffed and spoke quietly during the brief court proceeding , saying `` not guilty '' when the charges were read . Prosecutors said some of their victims were as young as 11 , and were allegedly drugged with sedatives and blindfolded during the assaults . Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice has said most of Punn 's patients were Indian and that as a physician they held a revered position in that community , where parents would trust them to examine their children in private .
It was during those examinations that some of the alleged abuse took place , prosecutors said .
Defense attorney Nick Marino argued against increasing bail , noting prosecutors have moved to freeze $ 6 million in assets belonging to the doctor , effectively forcing them to remain jailed until their trial .
`` We recognize the severity of the charges , '' Marino said outside court . `` An indictment is not evidence of guilt . ''
Beginning in 2007 , Punn compiled video and still photos of at least five young girls in their office , prosecutors said . After having them disrobe , they covered their eyes with gauze and a blindfold and placed them on an examining table . They would then videotape or photograph their sexual contact with them . In many instances , Punn would give the girls a sedative to render them unconscious , they said .
At other times , Punn allegedly placed a small digital camera among items on their desk and then recorded victims exposing their breasts . The girls were told they were being given medically necessary examinations . On other occasions , the patients were told the procedures were part of `` clinical trials '' for undisclosed maladies .
They are also charged with making some of the girls sign a `` contract '' saying they were 18 years old and willing to perform numerous sexual acts .
Zwirn-Turkin also said Punn was the subject of an insurance fraud investigation , adding it was likely they would face additional criminal charges .
A team of astronomers announced they have discovered the smallest and potentially most Earth-like extrasolar planet yet . Five times as massive as Earth , it orbits a relatively cool star at a distance that would provide earthly temperatures as well , signaling the possibility of liquid water .
`` The separation between the planet and its star is just right for having liquid water at its surface , '' says astronomer and team spokesperson Stephane Udry of the Observatory of Geneva in Versoix , Switzerland . `` That 's why we are a bit excited . ''
But researchers do not yet know if the planet contains water , if it is truly rocky like Earth , which might make it hospitable to life as we know it , or whether it is blanketed by a thick atmosphere . `` What we have , '' Udry says , `` is the minimum mass of the planet and its separation '' from its star .
The researchers say they detected the presence of two new extrasolar planets ( exoplanets ) around a red dwarf star , Gliese 581 , 20.5 light-years away in the constellation Libra , based on slight motions of the star . Their discovery brings the total number of planets orbiting Gliese 581 to three ; two years ago they made the initial finding of a planet there .
Udry says the group has submitted a paper for peer review and plans to publish a draft this week . `` The claim is extremely interesting and the team is very credible , '' says astronomer David Charbonneau of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Mass. , adding that they can not judge the validity of the claim until the team publishes its data .
Researchers believe that many smallish exoplanets exist , but so far they have only found 13 `` super Earths '' weighing in at less than 20 Earth masses , compared with more than 200 heavier gaseous planets . Udry 's group searches for smaller planets using a telescope called HARPS ( High Accuracy Radial velocity Planet Searcher ) , which looks for stars that wobble slightly .
As a planet orbits , it pulls a star back and forth . The range of motion increases with the planet 's mass , and the time needed for one orbit ( or one back and forth ) translates into its distance from the star .
The smallest of the new planets , dubbed Gliese 581 c , orbits at one fourteenth the distance between Earth and the sun . But the red dwarf is 50 times cooler than the sun . The group estimates that the planet would experience temperatures in the zero-to-40-degree-Celsius ( 32-to-104-Fahrenheit ) range .
`` It 's sort of at the 'Goldilocks ' distance , '' says Charbonneau—closer to its star and the heat would vaporize any water ; farther away and water would freeze .
The big question is whether there really is water on Gliese 581 c 's surface , which requires that its surface be solid . Udry says planets smaller than 15 Earth masses are likely to be rocky or icy .
Charbonneau is more cautious . A five-Earth-mass planet `` sort of looks like Earth , but it sort of looks like Neptune . So which is it ? '' they say . `` There 's just no way to know . ''
Prior Water Claim Evaporated ?
In related news , a recent report of water vapor on gaseous extrasolar planet HD 209458 b may have been premature . Earlier this month , an astronomer claimed as much based on measurements of starlight passing through the planet 's atmosphere .
Charbonneau , who led the team that collected the data , says the analysis is unconvincing because the telescope itself may have introduced variation that could be mistaken for fluctuation in light coming from the star .
Observations by the Hubble or Spitzer space telescopes may resolve the question once and for all in coming months , Charbonneau says .
Without researching psychedelic drugs for medical therapy , psychiatry is turning its back on a group of compounds that could have great potential . Without the validation of the medical profession , the psychedelic drugs , and those who take them off-license , remain archaic sentiments of the past , with the users maligned as recreational drug abusers and subject to continued negative opinion . These two disparate groups—psychiatrists and recreational psychedelic drug users—are united by their shared recognition of the healing potential of these compounds . A resolution of this conflict is essential for the future of psychiatric medicine and psychedelic culture alike . Progression will come from professionals working in the field adapting to fit a conservative paradigm . In this way , they can provide the public with important treatments and also raise the profile of expanded consciousness in mainstream society .
Louisiana Gov . Bobby Jindal , who has tried to build their expected presidential campaign around the supposed persecution of conservative Christians in America , told Family Research Council President Tony Perkins yesterday that the “ real victims of discrimination ” are business owners who seek to deny service to gay people , not the gay people who were refused public services .
After falsely claiming that Indiana 's new “ religious freedom ” law is no different than the federal version of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , Jindal alleged that Democrats no longer support religious freedom protections because they may be used to benefit Christians .
“ Now that evangelical Christians are the ones that are being discriminated against , the left does not want to accommodate them in the same way , ” Jindal said . “ What 's really underneath all of this is the left preaches tolerance and diversity and openness , and that 's true , unless you disagree with them . They do n't want to discriminate anybody unless you happen to be a conservative , or in this case , an evangelical Christian , and that 's the hypocrisy in this . ”
James O'Keefe ( Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images )
Maybe there is a bombshell yet to come . Maybe . But the debut of James O'Keefe 's `` CNN Leaks '' Thursday morning can only be described as underwhelming .
O'Keefe , the conservative political operative known for undercover recordings and exposes , posted 119 hours of secretly-taped conversations among CNN employees on the website of their group , Project Veritas .
Well , they tried to , anyway . The site appeared to be experiencing technical difficulties Thursday morning , much to the frustration of visitors who hoped to find something `` exposing '' CNN , as O'Keefe promised .
`` James , it would help if the audio worked , '' wrote one commenter . `` It 's busted ! '' complained another . Several immediately began spinning conspiracy theories about hacking and censorship by CNN , Amazon or Russia .
Project Veritas is asking for `` help to transcribe , investigating and connecting the dots '' in the CNN recordings . But the excerpts highlighted so far by O'Keefe and their team are not very juicy .
For one thing , the recordings are from 2009 , so anyone looking for evidence of journalistic malfeasance during the recent presidential campaign ( or , for that matter , the one before that ) wo n't find any here .
Recall that when O'Keefe first announced in January that their next sting would target the media , they said `` we 're inside their newsrooms '' — like , currently inside their newsrooms . Perhaps Project Veritas really does have moles in the media , but Thursday 's release does not support that claim .
What 's on these tapes ? There 's this from Richard Griffiths , CNN 's senior editorial director :
If we are journalists , what is our role as a journalist ? What is the fundamental role as a journalist , for us to do ? Tell a story . Tell what 's going on . There 's a secondary corollary to that , right ? Aid the afflicted and afflict the comfortable . To a degree , right ? Is that not part of the traditional role of a journalist . It 's actually one of the things I can be most proud of as a journalist . You know we try to show the ugly side of humanity so we can do something about it . It 's hard , very hard .
`` Aid the afflicted and afflict the comfortable '' is a reference to a line from the 1960 film `` Inherit the Wind '' ( `` Mr. Brady , it is the duty of a newspaper to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable '' ) . Griffiths 's contention that the old saying is true `` to a degree '' is hardly scandalous .
The Society of Professional Journalists ' Code of Ethics states , in part , that journalists should `` recognize a special obligation to serve as watchdogs over public affairs and government , '' `` boldly tell the story of the diversity and magnitude of the human experience '' and `` seek sources whose voices we seldom hear . ''
What else ? An assignment editor says : `` I think Fox News is unbearable . It 's horrible . '' There 's a shocker — a CNN editor thinks a rival network is `` horrible . ''
Another editor says : `` That issue , climate change , I mean science is pretty much on board , and there are a few dissenters . There 's no debate . ''
That is a true statement . There is a broad consensus in the scientific community that climate change is real and that humans contribute to it .
[ Research shows — yet again — that there 's no scientific debate about climate change ]
Project Veritas says there is more to come , and O'Keefe is offering $ 10,000 to `` anyone that comes forward with legally-obtained materials exposing media malfeasance . '' But if this is the best it has , CNN haters will be highly disappointed .
Washington ( CNN ) Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker endorsed a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants during a private dinner with Republican leaders in New Hampshire two weeks ago , backing away from the more hard-line position they have staked out in public and obscuring where they stand on the hot-button issue .
At a March 13 dinner at the Copper Door Restaurant in Bedford organized by New Hampshire GOP Chairwoman Jennifer Horn , Walker , a likely candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 , was asked how they would address the problem of roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants currently living in the United States .
After they declared that securing the United States border with Mexico is `` our first priority , '' Walker said that undocumented immigrants now residing in the country could `` secure their citizenship '' as long as they `` get in the back of line '' and wait like anyone else applying for citizenship .
The comments , first reported by the Wall Street Journal , were relayed to CNN by a Republican briefed on the dinner who did not want to be identified .
During a question-and-answer session , Walker said that undocumented immigrants currently living in the United States should not be deported , the Republican source said .
Though Walker once supported a path to citizenship as part of comprehensive immigration overhaul , their New Hampshire comments are at odds with more recent assurances that they oppose what they call `` amnesty '' for undocumented immigrants . Walker admitted in a Fox News interview earlier this month that they changed their position on the issue .
The newly-reported comments are also in conflict with the sentiments of many conservatives who hold sway in Republican primaries and fiercely oppose the idea of granting citizenship to undocumented immigrants .
Walker 's remarks were reported Thursday by the Wall Street Journal , citing two attendees who confirmed the comments on-the-record . One Republican at the dinner , Franklin Mayor Ken Merrifield , told the Journal that Walker said illegal immigrants should `` get to the back of the line for citizenship . ''
But a spokesperson for Walker 's likely campaign , Kirsten Kukowski , strongly disputed the account , which comes as Walker prepares to inspect the U.S.-Mexico border on Friday alongside Texas Gov . Greg Abbott , who has staked out a hard-line position on immigration issues .
`` Gov . Walker has been very clear that they do not support amnesty and believes that border security must be established and the rule of law must be followed , '' Kukowski said . `` His position has not changed , they do not support citizenship for illegal immigrants , and this story line is false . ''
They referred reporters to Horn , the New Hampshire GOP Chair . Horn told the Associated Press in an interview Thursday that Walker `` very clearly identified they were advocating a path for legal status but not citizenship . ''
But according to the Republican who spoke to CNN , Walker backed the idea of citizenship , saying that illegal immigrants `` need to be moved into a system where they eventually get their citizenship without being given preferential treatment . ''
On the same day as the Bedford dinner , Walker met with reporters and editors of the New Hampshire Union Leader . During this sit-down , the governor came `` so close to the line '' of backing a pathway to citizenship , the paper 's executive editor Trent Spiner told CNN on Friday .
Walker discussed the issue of immigration for about 15 minutes , Spiner said , including their belief that undocumented immigrants should be allowed to stay in the country and obtain legal status . But they stopped just short of saying they backed a pathway to citizenship for illegal workers .
`` You have people that have to go in and get into the normal immigration system , '' Walker said , according to a partial transcript of the interview that the Union Leader provided to CNN . `` People who want to work will go through that process . ''
The transcript shows Walker saying that they do n't think `` absolute amnesty '' is a viable solution , but that they want to see illegal workers eventually obtain legal status .
`` There 's those who want to have absolute amnesty , which I do n't think works because we 're a nation of immigrants but we 're also a nation of laws , '' they said . `` You put the onus on a workable e-verify system , and I think that takes care of it . ''
Hi folks ,
Crazy Bitcoin price rise
The last two months have seen crazy increases in bitcoin prices , we saw bitcoin price rose from USD6000 on 13th Nov17 to high of USD19,500 on 16th Dec17 . The price tripled over 1 month . This rapid increase has also increased bitcoin dominance of total marketcap from low of 37.98 % in Jun17 to 65 % in 8th Dec17 .
Bitcoin Dominance trend
Thereafter a boom in the marketcap of other altcoins : Bitcoin cash , ethereum , ripple reduced bitcoin dominance to 43 % despite bitcoin maintaining high prices of USD15,000 .
Although , bitcoin dominance was usually not discussed but it provides interesting insights on the general altcoin markets and the whole cryptocurrency market
What we think of bitcoin dominance trend :
Bitcoin dominance would further reduce to a lower equilibirum of ~ 30 % within the next 6 mths due to following reasons :
Altcoins and ICO : With more ICOs and other coins which include ethereum , ripple , bitcoin cash gaining in prices . It would not be an all but bitcoin game . This trend can be seen from Mar17 ; as we witness the rise of ethereum and with that bringing with it a large number of ICOs which eventually constitute a large amount of coinmarketcap .
Scaleability issue : Increased transactional volume , high transaction fees , slow network have posed problems for bitcoin and frustrated investors . The failure of segwit2x hardfork has worsened the scenario . This make bitcoin unscaleable and investors have opted for faster coins , ethereum , bitcoin cash , ripple , litecoin
Surgence of Bitcoin cash : There is a large community promoting bitcoin cash as the true bitcoin . This includes the likes of Roger Ver , Vitalik Buterin . In the meantime Bitcoin continues to face issues in scaleability and disagreement within the bitcoin community and greedy miners inventing their own bitcoin hard forks with the intention of huge monetary gains . All these negative news has encouraged investors to start looking at bitcoin cash and with bitcoin cash recent listing on coinbase and bitstamp , this makes Bitcoin cash a competitor for bitcoin .
Trading Recommendations
What does bitcoin dominance tell us :
If Bitcoin dominance is 50-60 % : Bitcoin prices are high and it makes sense to use bitcoin to trade for altcoin
If bitcoin dominance is 40-50 % : it is a wait and see approach . But if dominance reach the high 40 % , I would be tempted to do some trading for altcoins .
If bitcoin dominance reduced to 30-40 % . It means altcoins have significantly risen in prices and it makes sense to get out of profit-making altcoin positions and transfer them to bitcoin .
This is a general trading strategy , and the threshold may need to be reviewed periodically depending on the pace of surgence of ethereum and bitcoin cash .
By Steve Kim
Shannon Briggs - who faces Mike Marrone this Saturday night in Hollywood , Florida - recently had another altercation with heavyweight champion Wladmir Klitschko . Like their other run-ins of the past , they took place suspiciously as camera crews were present . As usual , TMZ reported on it .
But Briggs swears none of this is staged .
`` Nothing 's planned . If I see them right now it 's going to be another thing going down , '' they recently stated just a few days prior to their latest meeting with Klitschko .
For Briggs , this is their way of making waves and beginning the process of promoting this potential fight .
`` I know being retired , being out of the game , I knew that I was hands-off to all the promoters . No one wanted to touch me . I said , ' I 'm going to do my own thing . ' I took a page out of the Jack Johnson book , I took a page out of the great Muhammad Ali 's book to get a fight with this guy . I 'm going to have to become a nuisance and with the blessing of social media today you can put something out in five minutes , the whole world can see it . ''
Both Klitschko and Briggs spend a lot of time in Hollywood , Florida training .
`` I know where they live , '' said the 43-year old Briggs . '' And the cops told me not to come over there no more . So they said , 'Shannon , we like you but please do n't come to their house , their neighborhood anymore . ' ''
Briggs reiterates - `` Nothing 's planned , nothing 's staged . I 'm going to become heavyweight champion of the world , he 's going to have to give me a fight because the media . The media and the people want it . Non-boxing fans , over 40 million people have watched our encounters . Over 40 milion views on Youtube of all my encounters with him . So now it 's going to keep adding up , it 's going to keep building up to where the people demand it .
`` I want the people to make the fight . ''
Steve Kim is the news editor for BoxingScene.com .
More than 40 million people worldwide are blind , and many of them reach this condition after many years of slow and progressive retinal degeneration . The development of sophisticated prostheses or new light-responsive elements , aiming to replace the disrupted retinal function and to feed restored visual signals to the brain , has provided new hope . However , very little is known about whether the brain of blind people retains residual capacity to process restored or artificial visual inputs .
A new study publishing 25 October in the open-access journal PLOS Biology by Elisa Castaldi and Maria Concetta Morrone from the University of Pisa , Italy , and colleagues investigates the brain 's capability to process visual information after many years of total blindness , by studying patients affected by Retinitis Pigmentosa , a hereditary illness of the retina that gradually leads to complete blindness .
The perceptual and brain responses of a group of patients is assessed before and after the implantation of a prosthetic implant that senses visual signals and transmits them to the brain by stimulating axons of retinal ganglion cells . Using functional magnetic resonance imaging , the researchers found that patients learned to recognize unusual visual stimuli , such as flashes of light , and that this ability correlated with increased brain activity . However , this change in brain activity , observed at both the thalamic and cortical level , took extensive training over a long period of time to become established : the more the patient practiced , the more their brain responded to visual stimuli , and the better they perceived the visual stimuli using the implant . In other words , the brain needs to learn to see again .
The results are important as they show that after the implantation of a prosthetic device the brain undergoes plastic changes to re-learn how to make use of the new artificial and probably aberrant visual signals . They demonstrate a residual plasticity of the sensory circuitry of the adult brain after many years of deprivation , which can be exploited in the development of new prosthetic implants .
Photo
MOUNT PLEASANT , S.C. — Gov . John Kasich of Ohio thrived in New Hampshire by appealing to centrist voters . But they insisted Wednesday that they would not be discouraged by South Carolina 's more conservative politics .
“ They warned me when I was coming down here , ‘ You 're going to South Carolina and they 're really conservative down there , ' ” Mr. Kasich , standing on a chair , told an overflow crowd outside a brick-oven pizzeria before heading inside to hold a town-hall-style meeting . “ And I 'm like , wait a minute . People are people . We all have the same concerns . ”
Mr. Kasich emerged from the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday just as they had hoped . After being overshadowed for much of the campaign , their second-place finish behind Donald J. Trump earned them a long-sought moment in the national spotlight , and gave them newfound credibility as they try to replenish their campaign account .
In South Carolina , despite its different ideological makeup , Mr. Kasich followed the same message that seemed to resonate in New Hampshire .
At the town hall here , near Charleston , they stressed their positivity and their desire for both political parties to work together , and the need to help people “ who live in the shadows , ” including those with mental illnesses or drug addiction .
“ Some people try to call me a liberal because I think we should offer opportunity to everybody , not just to some people , but to everybody , ” they said . “ And I do n't know how the Republican Party got so far off kilter . ”
Given their performance in New Hampshire , Mr. Kasich is likely to draw more pointed attacks from their rivals , and might be tempted to reciprocate . One attendee told Mr. Kasich they were impressed by their positive tone , but wondered whether it would continue , asking , “ Are you going to the dark side ? ”
Mr. Kasich said they would not allow themselves to become “ a pin cushion or a marshmallow. ” But they cited their approach to New Hampshire : “ The light overcame the darkness of negative campaigning , and I feel great about it . ”
“ I 'm happier when I 'm positive , ” they said , while still offering a warning . “ I 'm not going to sit back and let them pummel me . ”
They also noted that life would go on regardless of how their presidential bid fares . “ If it does n't go well here , next time I 'll come to South Carolina , I 'll come down to play golf , and I 'll be a lot happier doing that . ”
Speaking to reporters afterward , Mr. Kasich defended their conservative credentials .
“ Who 's more conservative than I am ? ” they asked , listing some highlights from their record , such as balancing budgets and cutting taxes .
“ I think that 's the definition of conservatism , ” they said . “ And if conservatism has switched from a philosophy of opportunity for all , then we better take a good look at what it means to be a conservative . And look , I 'm helping to redefine it right now . ”
Mr. Kasich 's performance in New Hampshire seemed to be a draw for some in the crowd .
Cindy Cloutier , a newspaper copy editor and page designer who described themselves as a centrist Democrat , said they had been going back and forth between Hillary Clinton and Senator Bernie Sanders , until they saw Mr. Kasich 's primary night speech in New Hampshire .
“ Watching Kasich , I thought , ‘ Maybe that 's an option , too , ' ” they said . “ Maybe Kasich is somebody who can bring people together . He 's more in the middle . And I think the Democrats are going so far to the left that maybe Kasich is my best hope for finding someone in the middle . ”
Them father , Frank Cloutier , a retired engineer and a Republican , said they had liked Senator Marco Rubio of Florida “ until they shot themselves in the foot ” at Saturday 's debate .
Now , they said , they were considering Mr. Kasich , too .
The Video Privacy Protection Act ( VPPA ) was a bill passed by the United States Congress in 1988 as Pub.L . 100–618 and signed into law by President Ronald Reagan . It was created to prevent what it refers to as `` wrongful disclosure of video tape rental or sale records [ or similar audio visual materials , to cover items such as video games and the future DVD format ] . '' Congress passed the VPPA after Robert Bork 's video rental history was published during their Supreme Court nomination . It makes any `` video tape service provider '' that discloses rental information outside the ordinary course of business liable for up to $ 2500 in actual damages .
Origin of Computer-based VPPA Litigation [ edit ]
In 2008 , Attorney Joseph H. Malley , ( Law Offices of Joseph H. Malley , PC , Dallas Texas ) , filed a Federal Class Action against Facebook , and thirty-three companies , including Blockbuster , Zappos , and Overstock , due to privacy violations caused by the Facebook Beacon program . This program resulted in users ' private information , obtained from third-party affiliate marketing websites , being posted on Facebook without consent . This act was referenced in the Lane v. Facebook , Inc. class action . Based on this act it is generalized to other forms of rental records such as DVDs and Video games etc .
With the emergence of new-age computing technology and devices in the early 2000s came websites , 3rd party advertising and tracking firms began using mechanisms that violated a user 's privacy . While computer technology was progressing rapidly , federal and state laws had failed to be proactive , a risk to society of ungoverned technology . As such , litigation for violations was relatively non-existent . A new method to litigate Federal privacy cases was needed to protect the hundreds of millions of people violated by unauthorized tracking user 's activities online.This was a formidable task since no law firms had litigated cases involving the computer technology inherent within the exchange of user data between third-party affiliated entities , thus there was no case precedent , no `` blueprint '' to follow . Earlier cases , such as the double click `` cookie '' case in 2001 , had relied on using a wiretap statute , the Electronic Communication Privacy Act ( `` ECPA '' ) . While a plausible allegation , it was a weak allegation since the website user had granted such permissible use within the website 's term of service ( `` TOS '' ) .
Attorney Malley , who had developed a litigation strategy in the early 2000s involving another federal privacy law , the Driver Privacy Protection Act ( `` DPPA '' ) , a law related to the unauthorized access to DMV records and permitted statutory damages for privacy violations , IE. , $ 2500.00 damage award `` per person-per violation , ( per company ) '' , successfully filing numerous federal class actions against 300–400+ companies , sought a similar strategy , but needed to develop a new theory of liability for added assurance to survive a motion to dismiss . The problem , no case law involving this new-age type of technology . Substantial research was thus required , eventually revealing an `` archaic '' statute created in 1988 : Video Privacy Protection Act ( `` VPPA '' ) . Arguably unrelated to present technology , VPPA concerned obtaining information from a physical location and involved VHS and Betamax recordings . As such , lawsuits involving online entities that used audio-video would need to plead comparisons between the `` old-new '' technologies for advertising .
The online advertising industry , in association with analytic companies , had begun using video ads to conduct its ubiquitous tracking , consumer 's attention shown to be drawn to such as opposed to written content , In later years , these tracking methods would expand to photos and audio , IE. , In 2008 , cell phones were re-designed to include a new method of tracking , the use of social apps to collect photos , a process which now permitted a one step `` click '' process to uploading a photo as opposed to the previous six steps , thus consumers were now more inclined to upload photos in mass . This allowed content to be provided for free and which formed the basis for the tracking , IE. , EXIF data . Such acts were captured when Attorney Malley used software applications to log HTTP/HTTPS traffic between a computer 's web browser and the Internet , analytic tests using two computers interfaced , producing indisputable evidence of such activities : moreover , detailed reports of any and all parties involved in such nefarious activities , IE. , `` tracking the trackers '' . In the continuing research of the Industry 's business practises in order to determine its monetization interests , such revealed the incorporation of complex graphics within online ads , and the exchange of data derived from video ads not confined to an internal network , used via a TCP/IP protocol . This unauthorized activity would become the core allegation .
Extensive research and case analysis of Federal and State laws , regulations , and Court Opinions , yielded limited assistance . An adaptation of the law was needed to litigate this new computer technology involving the unauthorized access to online consumer 's data . Attorney Malley seized on an archaic law written concerning the technology of the 1980s involving video cassettes , VHS , and Betamax , the Video Privacy Protection Act ( `` VPPA '' ) , 18 U.S. Code § 2710 - Wrongful disclosure of video tape rental or sale records , ( 1988 ) , envisioning that the websites , and any affiliated third-parties , which used the audio and/or video within its marketing ads were `` video-providers '' ; moreover , this content , ads and online games , merely a video ; moreover , the essential functionality of the illegal transfer , a `` wrongful disclosure '' , ( core elements needed to prove-up a VPPA violation ) . The use of the VPPA law in regard to this new-age computer technology would set precedent , and become the new `` blueprint '' used in Federal privacy litigation .
The lawsuit alleged the release of the records was a violation of the Video Privacy Protection Act . [ 1 ]
In December 2009 , once again , Attorney Joseph H. Malley , ( Law Offices of Joseph H. Malley , PC. , Dallas Texas ) , representing an anonymous plaintiff , filed a lawsuit against the online DVD rental company Netflix over its release of data sets for the Netflix Prize , alleging that the company 's release of the information constituted a violation of the VPPA . [ 2 ]
Netflix cited the act in 2011 following the announcement of its global integration with Facebook . The company noted that the VPPA was the sole reason why the new feature was not immediately available in the United States , and it encouraged its customers to contact their representatives in support of legislation that would clarify the language of the law .
In 2012 , Netflix changed its privacy rules so that it no longer retains records for people who have left the site . This change was due directly to a lawsuit indicating violation of the act . [ 4 ]
In January 2013 , President Obama signed into law H.R . 6671 which amended the Video Privacy Protection Act to allow video rental companies to share rental information on social networking sites after obtaining customer permission . Netflix had lobbied for the change . [ 5 ] Attorney Joseph H. Malley was contacted by the Chief Counsel , Democrats|Subcommittee on IP at U.S. House of Representatives to provide assistance related to 2012 VPPA Amendment proposal .
A San Francisco federal trial court found the VPPA 's subscriber protections apply to users with Hulu accounts , a class action also involving Attorney Joseph H . Malley . [ 6 ] In 2015 , a federal appeals court in Atlanta found that those protections do not reach the users of a free Android app , even when the app assigns each user a unique identification number and shares user behavior with a third-party data analytics company . [ 6 ]
Getty Images
The NFL may very well return to Los Angeles in the near future , but it reportedly wo n't be happening in 2015 .
According to ESPN 's Adam Schefter , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell has informed the potential relocation candidates that no move will be made by next season :
This news comes on the heels of Goodell 's lukewarm comments regarding the possibility of an L.A. team in 2015 last week , per Ken Belson of The New York Times .
`` I 'm not at the point where I would tell you that anything is imminent or that we have a solution identified at this point in time , '' Goodell said . `` There is progress , but we 've all heard that before . ''
According to Mike Florio of Pro Football Talk , the most likely L.A. options moving forward are the Oakland Raiders , San Diego Chargers and St. Louis Rams .
Although 2015 does n't appear to be realistic for a Los Angeles team at this point , Jason La Canfora of CBSSports.com reports that multiple teams are intrigued by the possibility of moving :
There has been so much discussion regarding the NFL going back to L.A. for so long that it is difficult to separate fact from fiction .
Nothing is for certain until an official announcement is made , but it appears as though the league 's Los Angeles hiatus will last at least one more year .
Follow @ MikeChiari on Twitter .
HOUSTON -- Reliever Matt Bush threw the single-fastest pitch of the Rangers season Monday .
That 's not necessarily a good thing .
Pitching coach Doug Brocail said they talked with Bush after they blew a 101.24 mph fastball past George Springer to end the seventh inning about dialing back their velocity just a notch . Bush threw four pitches at or above 100 mph in the at-bat , three of them for balls before executing one down in the strike zone . Bush is the only Rangers pitcher to hit 100 mph this season .
`` I do n't really like to see 100 or 101 , '' Brocail . `` It 's nice to know he 's got it , but I do n't think that 's where they are at their best . The most important things are the extension and the angle on the delivery , not the radar gun . ''
Said Bush : `` I definitely wanted to go with my best fastball . I 've gotten them a few times with my velocity and I 'm not going to back down in that situation . ''
Briefly : RHP Tony Barnette , who has not pitched since Sept. 4 due to a strained oblique muscle , threw on flat ground for the second straight day Tuesday . They said they felt progress , but there is still no definitive timetable for when they will return . ... RHP Yu Darvish said he 's been toying around with throwing a split-finger fastball again , but pitching coach Doug Brocail said they have discouraged the use of it for this year . ... RHP Tanner Scheppers ' save Monday pushed the club 's total to 51 , one shy of the franchise record set in 2004 .
Twitter : @ Evan_P_Grant
The transgender Wikileaks source 's legal team wants answers in the wake of a leaked report that Manning was hospitalized — but Army officials have put a three-day hold on any outside contact .
Attorneys for Chelsea Manning are fuming over what they contend is the Army 's leak of confidential — and possibly inaccurate — information about their client 's well-being .
Early this morning , CNN reporter Shimon Pokupecz sent a tweet claiming that Manning was rushed to the hospital , “ suspected of attempting suicide. ” The tweet did not provide a source for the allegation . The subsequent article CNN posted on its website quoted an Army spokesperson as confirming that Manning was hospitalized “ during the early hours of July 5th , ” noting that officials “ continue to monitor the inmate 's condition. ” An unnamed “ U.S . official ” reportedly told CNN 's Barbara Starr that Manning 's hospitalization was related to an attempt on their own life .
Manning , 28 , is a transgender woman and former Army private found guilty of leaking thousands of pages of classified government documents to the website Wikileaks . They were convicted under the Espionage Act and sentenced to 35 years incarcerated with men at the U.S. Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth , Kan. Manning 's attorneys filed an appeal of that conviction in May .
Now members of Manning 's legal team say Army officials are refusing to confirm the details of any alleged hospitalization , despite apparently leaking details to the press .
“ We 're shocked and outraged that an official at Leavenworth contacted the press with private confidential medical information about Chelsea Manning yet no one at the Army has given a shred of information to their legal team , ” said Manning 's lead attorney , Nancy Hollander , in a statement Wednesday afternoon .
Hollander explained that they had a call scheduled with Manning at 2 p.m. local time Tuesday — hours after the Army says Manning was hospitalized — but that Leavenworth officials told them the call could not be connected . “ I now believe [ that ] to be an outright lie , ” Hollander said . Adding to the legal team 's frustration , Hollander said they and their team are being stonewalled by Army officials .
“ Despite the fact that they have reached out to the media , and that any other prison will connect an emergency call , the Army has told their lawyers that the earliest time that they will accommodate a call between their lawyers and Chelsea is Friday morning , ” said Hollander . “ We call on the Army to immediately connect Chelsea Manning to their lawyers and friends who care deeply about their well-being and are profoundly distressed by the complete lack of official communication about Chelsea 's current situation . ”
An Army spokesperson confirmed to The Daily Dot that Manning was in the hospital , but said they had no idea where the media came up with the claim that Manning had tried to kill herself .
But suicide attempts in prison — particularly among transgender inmates who are housed in solitary confinement and facilities that do not recognize their gender identity — are a very real issue .
Ky Peterson , the black trans man at the center of The Advocate 's award-winning investigative series , made an attempt on their own life after spending more than a week in “ protective custody , ” also known as solitary confinement . Chase Strangio , a staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union 's LGBT and HIV Project who is also a member of Manning 's legal team , previously told The Advocate that incarcerated transgender people are particularly vulnerable to abuse that can severely impact their mental health .
What 's more , this is n't the first time the Army has allegedly leaked information about Manning to the press . In May 2014 , the Associated Press cited anonymous Pentagon officials reporting that they were considering moving Manning from Fort Leavenworth to a civilian prison — a claim that never materialized .
Manning 's military lawyer , Lt. Col. David Coombs , at the time accused the Pentagon of a making a “ strategic leak ” to the press as a way to “ pressure Chelsea into dropping their request for needed treatment ” regarding their clinical transition . Two months later , the Department of Defense agreed to grant Manning access to gender-affirming clinical care , including hormone therapy , but the Army itself did not agree to provide Manning the medically necessary care until mid-February 2015 .
In March 2015 , a federal court ordered military officials to recognize Manning by their legal name — Chelsea Elizabeth Manning — and refer to them as a woman .
Nevertheless , Manning 's incarceration has been marked by repeated allegations of infractions on their part , such as the possession of “ prohibited material , ” including a copy of The Advocate . That issue was adjudicated and resolved in a matter of days last August , resulting in Manning being found guilty of four charges and sentenced to three weeks of restrictions on recreational activities , barring them from the gym , library , or any time outdoors . Last November , Manning filed a lawsuit against the Department of Defense seeking permission to grow their hair out as long as other female prisoners . It remains unclear whether they have been granted permission to do so .
Written by Tony Polanco on August 20 , 2015 at 7:52 pm
Welcome to another episode of Throwdown . On this podcast/vidcast we discuss the latest video game , pop culture , and tech news in an honest and uncompromising fashion .
It 's been a year since the beginning of the # GamerGate movement , which sought to bring light to the corruption in the video game industry . Now that we 're one year removed from the beginning of the event and movement , we decided to look back on it and discuss how it all got started , and more importantly , how the industry has changed since then .
This week 's news topics include :
Is Nintendo backing away from ‘ Quality of Life ' initiative ?
backing away from ‘ Quality of Life ' initiative ? Konami letting YouTubers post lets plays of Metal Gear Solid V : The Phantom Pain . Is this a new trend ?
post lets plays of . Is this a new trend ? Konami lets fans vote on what franchises to bring back .
lets fans vote on what franchises to bring back . Call of Duty : Black Ops III beta impressions .
* * *
Make sure to subscribe to Throwdown on YouTube , Soundcloud and iTunes . Follow Throwdown on Twitter and Facebook as well .
Thanks as always to Shawn Daley for our awesome intro and outro music .
Illegitimate nuclear cooperation between China and Pakistan is a well-known fact . In the 1980s and 1990s , China secretly supplied technology and material in defiance of accepted norms . Since then , it has become far more brazen : entire atomic power plants are now for sale to a nuclear pariah . It is safe to say that South Asia will be the graveyard of the global nuclear order and China has the wrecking ball .
In recent weeks , reports have emerged that China plans to sell two more nuclear power plants to Pakistan . These will be located in Karachi . This sale is in addition to that of two other plants at Chashma in Punjab . None of the four are covered by International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) safeguards . This means that Islamabad is free to divert nuclear materials—fuel and spent fuel—from these plants for military purposes . As it is , the country has one of the fastest growing stockpiles of fissile material and nuclear weapons . Pakistan has also blocked all efforts to pass the Fissile Material Cut-Off treaty .
This is in stark contrast to what has happened in India . At each step , from the 2005 India-US civil nuclear agreement to the special waiver from the Nuclear Suppliers Group ( NSG ) later , India has had to agree to stringent deals . It also had to sign an additional protocol with IAEA that permits nuclear inspectors to visit and inspect our civil nuclear installations to ensure that no material is diverted for the country 's weapons programme .
It is hard not to conclude that global efforts to prevent nuclear non-proliferation by dubious countries is illusory . Two issues are worth mentioning . One , the global nuclear order has been enforced only against those nations that believe in following the nuclear rule book . Two , the world is powerless in preventing China from doing what it pleases .
The Chinese position is especially duplicitous . Beijing informed NSG that its original sale of two reactors was covered under a grandfathering clause that predated its entry to NSG . But , when it came to the possible sale of reactors by American and other western countries to India , it stalled at NSG .
This should be an eye-opener for India . At the moment , under the flight attendantship of the United Progressive Alliance government , India is simply dithering on every possible nuclear deal . On the one hand , the government has tied itself into knots over the nuclear liability law that makes it well-nigh impossible for overseas companies to supply reactors . On the other , the assortment of civil society groups and others have ensured that public resistance—often misplaced—to nuclear energy means that nothing takes off on the ground .
The contrast between India and Pakistan is , thus , striking . One country has broken every conceivable nuclear regulation in the world and is marching ahead . India has adhered to the global order and is stuck .
Can anything be done ?
Not much . Within NSG , for example , countries such as Austria , Ireland and New Zealand , which vociferously opposed an exemption to India , have not even whimpered against the China-Pakistan deals . The ultimate enforcers of nuclear commerce , the US and Russia are either too distracted or are simply powerless to act against China . If these two reactors are sold then more countries will be emboldened to break the rules . Iran is on the threshold , North Korea is another candidate and there will be more in the years ahead .
There will be many in the non-proliferation community who will say this is comeuppance for India . They are wrong . The original problem of nuclear proliferation is a global one ; India merely reacted to circumstances in its neighbourhood . To say that a special exemption from NSG for India began global nuclear unravelling ignores history and the power dynamics in South and East Asia . The problem is due to one country that does not believe in global nuclear institutions : China .
Has China killed nuclear non-proliferation ? Tell us at views @ livemint.com
Thousands of stray dogs have been living amid the mud and rubble of Olympic construction sites , roaming the streets and snowy mountainsides , and begging for scraps of food .
But as the games drew near , authorities have turned to a company to catch and kill the animals so they do n't bother Sochi 's new visitors -- or even wander into an Olympic event .
Alexei Sorokin , director general of pest control firm Basya Services , told The Associated Press that their company had a contract to exterminate the animals throughout the Olympics , which open Friday .
Sorokin described their company as being involved in the `` catching and disposing '' of dogs , although they refused to specify how the dogs would be killed or say where they would take the carcasses .
The dogs have been causing numerous problems , Sorokin said Monday , including `` biting children . ''
They said they were stunned last week when they attended a rehearsal for the opening ceremony and saw a stray dog walking in on the performers .
`` A dog ran into the Fisht Stadium , we took it away , '' they said . `` God forbid something like this happens at the actual opening ceremony . This will be a disgrace for the whole country . ''
The strays tend to gather near construction sites where they have gotten food and shelter from workers . Dogs have even been able to get inside the Olympic Park and accredited hotel complexes and villages , in the coastal cluster of arenas and venues up in the mountains .
A pack of at least a half-dozen healthy-looking dogs roamed around a loading zone of a gondola , 1,200 feet above the Gorki Plaza in the mountain venues for the Olympics as construction work continued late Sunday .
Olympic volunteers patted and cooed over strays that trotted into the park Monday . Another dog dropped to the ground , sunbathing under the Olympic Rings near a public site where medals will be presented to athletes during the games .
Animal activist Dina Filippova is among the opponents of the latest dog-culling plan , saying city authorities are using the Olympics as an excuse to cover an ongoing practice .
`` We should understand that it is done not only before the Olympics but constantly , '' they told the AP in an interview in downtown Sochi , where they were trying to find homes for seven puppies they recently rescued near the Olympic Park . `` Two killers from that company work for the city to kill 300 dogs a month . ''
`` It is not humane , '' they added . `` There is a humane way of solving the problem of stray dogs which is used in Europe and the United States and even in some countries of the former Soviet Union -- that is a mass sterilization which eventually leads to no stray dogs on the streets . ''
Sorokin 's company operates in the Krasnodar region , which includes Sochi and the neighboring area . They refused to say how many dogs they kill a year , calling it a `` commercial secret . ''
Sergei Krivonosov , a lawmaker from the Krasnodar region , last year supported the dog culling .
Krivonosov said taking the dogs off the street was Russia 's `` responsibility to the international community and that their elimination is the quickest way to solve this problem . ''
They conceded , however , that this is `` not the most humane way '' of dealing with the problem and that authorities should encourage dog shelters .
Sochi city hall last year announced a contract `` to catch and dispose '' of strays in Sochi -- a move that animal activists vehemently protested . Authorities pledged to give up the practice and build animal shelters for strays instead .
Activists say there is no evidence that a shelter has been built . But city hall said in a statement on its website that it had opened a dog shelter Monday for 100 dogs .
Shooting stray dogs has been common practice in many Russian regions despite activists ' efforts to push for more humane ways to deal with the issue .
Nadine Kincaid , an Olympic volunteer from Portland , Oregon , was surprised by how many dogs are roaming around Sochi .
`` There are a lot of dogs everywhere . Right behind where we 're staying , there 's a whole legion of dogs , '' they said . `` I come from a town where there 's leash laws and everyone has to pick up after their dogs , so that 's unusual to me to see that . ''
Kincaid said they would be upset if the dogs were being poisoned .
`` As an animal lover , for me that 's sad . But if they 're like stray cats , they can keep breeding and cause more problems . So I can see , maybe , why , '' they added . `` It 's sad , but what do you do if you ca n't control them ? ''
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said on ABC 'S `` This Week with George Stephanopoulos ” Sunday that former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden who leaked secret documents to the Guardian newspaper is “ a hero ” and that “ there is no stopping the publishing process ” of the NSA documents that Snowden took with them when they left Hawaii .
Assange said , “ Great care has been taken to make sure that Mr. Snowden ca n't be pressured by any state to stop the publication process . ”
Assange 's organization has provided legal and logistical advice to Snowden who is believed to be still in Moscow .
Snowden “ has told the people of the world and the United States that there is mass unlawful interception of their communications , far beyond anything that happened under Nixon , ” Assange said in an interview by ABC at the embassy of Ecuador in London , where they have taken refuge from attempts to deport them to the United States .
Assange added that President Barack Obama “ ca n't just turn around like ( President Richard ) Nixon did and said , it 's OK , if the president does it , if the president authorizes it , ” then the government 's surveillance program is legal .
Assange also argued that , “ No one signed up for this ( NSA surveillance program ) , Obama does not have a mandate for that . No one has a mandate for that . ”
Snowden “ has acted in a manner to draw attention to a very serious problem in the United States where without the will of Congress , without the will of the American population , we now have a state within a state , we have the transnational surveillance apparatus , ” the Wikileaks founder said .
Edward Snowden 's future now seems out of their hands as the self-proclaimed whistle-blower remains in a Moscow airport without a valid American passport . NBC 's Jim Maceda reports .
By canceling Snowden 's passport , the Obama administration “ has left them for the moment marooned in Russia . Is that really a great outcome by the State Department ? ”
But Assange gave no information the former NSA contractor 's current whereabouts or travel plans . “ Our legal people have been in contact with Mr. Snowden . I ca n't say anything about the present situation . ”
Assange also lashed out at Vice President Joe Biden for calling President Rafael Correa of Ecuador “ trying to pressure him . That 's not acceptable . ”
Meanwhile on NBC 's Meet the Press , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , a former member of the House Intelligence committee , said Snowden is no hero . “ Anybody thought they were a hero to begin with , now that he 's threatening in any event to share information with Russia and China , if they fact they have any information , I think that should disabuse anybody of the notion -- that they are a hero , ” Pelosi said .
“ I 've been involved in the intelligence side of the federal government for a long time . We all know that we have to have a balance between security to protect the American people and liberty , ” they said .
When asked how important they think it is that the United States government track Snowden down and put them on trial , Pelosi replied , “ I think it 's pretty good that he 's stuck in the Moscow Airport . That 's okay with me . They can stay there , that 's fine . ”
They added , “ We have to know what is it that they have . And I do n't know that they have that much substance , I do n't know . They may know something about the ( NSA surveillance ) machinery . I do n't know that they know that much about the content . ”
This story was originally published on
Tevatron experiments report new Higgs search results The CDF and DZero experiments at Fermilab have reached new ground in their quest to find the Higgs boson , a key member of the particle zoo known as the Standard Model . For the first time , each experiment by itself excludes regions of the expected Higgs mass range as more sophisticated data analysis techniques and more data from the Tevatron particle collider have increased their sensitivity to the Higgs boson . This week , the two collaborations , each comprising about 500 scientists , will present details of their results at conferences and seminars around the world , including the Rencontres de Moriond in Italy . “ This makes the Tevatron the frontrunner in the hunt for the Standard Model Higgs boson , ” said Fermilab physicist Rob Roser , co-spokesperson for the CDF experiment . “ We are getting more mileage out of 10 years worth of Tevatron Run II data. ” The Tevatron , four miles in circumference , is the world 's highest-energy proton-antiproton collider . `` It is impressive to see the progress in the analysis of the Tevatron data from CDF and DZero , ” said Fermilab Director Pier Oddone . “ Step by step they are narrowing the space in which the Higgs could be hiding . '' Searches by previous experiments and constraints due to precision measurements of the Standard Model of Particles and Forces indicate that the Higgs particle should have a mass between 114 and 185 GeV/c2 . ( For comparison : 100 GeV/c2 is equivalent to 107 times the mass of a proton . ) The CDF and DZero experiments are now sensitive to excluding Higgs bosons with masses from 153 to 179 GeV/c2 . Statistical fluctuations in the number of observed particle collisions that mimic a Higgs signal , mixed with collisions that may have produced a Higgs boson , affect the actual range that can be excluded with 95 percent certainty . Combining their independent Higgs analyses , the two experiments now exclude a Higgs boson with a mass between 158 and 173 GeV/c2 . The recording of additional collisions and further improved analysis of data will reduce the size of the statistical fluctuations and , over time , could reveal a signal from the Higgs boson . “ Fermilab plans to operate the Tevatron collider until September 2011 , ” said DZero co-spokesperson Stefan Söldner-Rembold , of the University of Manchester . “ During this time , we will increase what is already the largest data set from a hadron collider at the Energy Frontier. ” Read more -- Kurt Riesselmann
Defense Secretary Ash Carter leaves after a news conference Thomson Reuters The NATO alliance is considering establishing a rotational ground force in the Baltic states and possibly Poland , reflecting deepening worry about Russian military assertiveness , US Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Monday .
`` That is one of the ideas that 's under discussion , '' Carter told reporters flying with them from Washington to Stuttgart , Germany , where they are to preside Tuesday at a ceremony installing a new commander of US European Command .
Army Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti is to replace Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove , who has frequently and publicly cautioned that Russia poses a potential threat to European stability .
Carter said the allies are considering a rotational ground force of four battalions , which would mean about 4,000 troops . That would be in addition to , and separate from , a recently announced unilateral US decision to send a US armored brigade of about 4,200 troops to Eastern Europe next February .
Carter said the idea of a separate NATO rotational ground force is likely to be further discussed at a NATO meeting in June .
Russia has accused the US and NATO of returning to a Cold War mindset of mutual suspicion and military competition , even as it continues to buzz US ships and planes in the Baltics .
Speaking more broadly of US and NATO relations with Russia , Carter said Moscow has chosen to move away from integration with the West . `` Therefore , we have no alternative but to do what we 're doing , which is stand strong , '' by improving the US military posture in Europe and collaborating closely with NATO allies , they said .
NATO military training at Ādaži Military Base . NATO
At the same time , Carter said , the US is willing to `` hold the door open if Russian behavior should change '' and to work with Russia in areas where the two countries still have mutual interests , such with the Iran nuclear deal .
In their remarks en route to Stuttgart , Carter also called the buzzing of US Navy ships and aircraft in the Baltics `` unprofessional , '' adding that it seems to be happening more frequently .
`` This kind of unprofessional behavior by its nature creates a dangerous circumstance , '' they said .
At the Pentagon on Monday , the Navy 's top officer said the Russian actions in the Baltics are escalating tension between the two nations .
`` My hope is that we can stop this sort of activity , '' Adm. John M. Richardson , the chief of naval operations , told reporters .
Russian Sukhoi SU-24 attack aircraft makes low pass close to the U.S. guided missile destroyer USS Donald Cook in the Baltic Sea Thomson Reuters
`` I do n't think the Russians are trying to provoke an incident . I think they 're trying to send a signal , '' they said . `` I think it 's pretty clear that they are wanting to let us know that they see that we are up there in the Baltic . ''
The Defense Department said a Russian SU-27 conducted a barrel roll Friday over a US Air Force RC-135 that was flying a reconnaissance mission above the Baltic Sea . The RC-135 is an intelligence-gathering aircraft .
In mid-April , a Russian jet flew about 50 feet from the wing tip of a US aircraft . Also in April , two Russian jets flew close to the USS Donald Cook in the Baltic Sea .
Richardson said the actions increase the chance of a `` tactical miscalculation , '' but that if an incident were to occur , the US would tamp down any rise in tensions between the two countries .
An U.S. Navy picture shows what appears to be a Russian Sukhoi SU-24 attack aircraft flying over the U.S. guided missile destroyer USS Donald Cook in the Baltic Sea Thomson Reuters
`` We look for sort of normalization there , '' they said .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov last week said the pilots decided to take a look at the US Navy destroyer `` from a safe distance . '' The planes were less than 100 feet away from the deck of the ship , traveling at hundreds of miles per hour .
Secretary of State John Kerry condemned the Russian actions and said the Navy ship could have opened fire .
Rand Paul is all over the news after officially launching their presidential campaign . The announcement did n't shock anybody , and by all accounts , pundits evaluated the event as a success . Personally , I thought it was sad – not because I think poorly of Rand Paul , but because the entire event gave a glimpse into the sorry state of American politics .
Politics , in general , is about manipulation and illusion . But this particular event was so overtly manipulative , it was disturbing . The message of the event was n't about ideas ; it was n't about political theory ; it was about associating Rand Paul with happy feelings and emotions . It was about political strategy , demographics , and creating the right image for a presidential candidate .
Instead of appealing to our Reason , the event was crafted to send a clear message : Rand Paul is a feel-good guy , a family man , a patriot , and they appeal to many demographics : blacks , whites , Hispanics , men and women , old and young . It was 99 % about creating image rather than communicating substance .
So , as we examine the series of speakers , keep in mind : every single person shown on that stage was deliberately chosen by political strategists . A group of professionals sat around a table crafting every minute of the event – designed to whip up voters ' emotions and play on their biases .
Everything kicked off with a country music video . The message : Rand is a good ol ' country boy , not some city slicker . To quote a line from the song :
While they 're living up on Wall Street
In that New York City town ,
Here in the real world
They 're shuttin ' Detroit down .
See , Rand is just like the rest of us : a blue-collar guy living in the “ real world ” and listening to country music !
Next , we heard from JC Watts , the MC for the event – a black Congressman deliberately chosen for their skin color . Rand 's campaign has been explicit from the beginning : their campaign will focus more on black votes than traditional Republicans .
JC introduced the next man on stage : a veteran to lead the audience in the pledge of allegiance . Sounds innocent enough , right ? Well , it just so happens that the veteran was disabled – they lost both their legs and one of their arms . Because nothing tugs on patriots ' heartstrings more than a triple-amputee veteran in a wheelchair reciting the pledge of allegiance . He , too , was chosen for their emotional impact , not by coincidence .
Next on the list was Jerry Stephenson , another speaker chosen for their skin color . He 's a black pastor , and after giving the opening prayer and communal recitation of the Lord 's Prayer , they later gave a fiery speech about how with the Rand campaign “ It does n't matter the color of your skin ! ” They were a lifelong Democrat , but shared how they made the switch for Rand . Again , chosen by political strategists with votes in mind .
Jerry was followed by the national anthem . Who 'd they recruit to sing ? A blind teenager with cerebral palsy . No , I 'm not kidding . Do n't get me wrong- they did a fine job – but why was they chosen ? I assure you it was n't arbitrary . The girl was chosen because they would whip up people 's emotions more effectively than your regular singer . That 's a fact , and it should anger/sadden you .
But the Rand campaign had n't covered all their bases yet . So the next person to speak was Ralph Alvarado – a Hispanic member of congress who introduced a video about how Rand went to Guatemala to operate on people to restore their eyesight . While everyone agrees that giving free eye surgery to poor people is admirable , do n't think it was n't political . It just so happened that a camera crew was documenting the entire journey .
Following Ralph was the next demographic token : a young , female student . Because Rand Paul also happens to appeal to young people , of course , and women .
There was one final speaker before Rand took the stage : their wife Kelley Paul . Before they appeared on stage , the audience saw here interviewed in a video , naturally telling everybody how great a family man Rand was – complete with the obligatory video footage of Rand smiling and throwing a baseball in the backyard to their kids.And them smiling and interacting with their medical patients – no different than you might see in a commercial for their eye practice .
Then finally , the Paul-planning-board decided it was time to bring on the only non-disabled white man : Rand Paul himself . They gave a rousing speech to their conservative and libertarian base , finally completing their round of appeals to different voting demographics .
Of course , none of these tactics are unique to the Paul campaign . It 's par for the course . Both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have been caught with fake southern drawls when they address southern audiences . Here 's a comparison of the same speech given by Obama to two different audiences : one in a black church and one on the campaign trail .
This kind of nonsense happens all the time . It 's the same , cheap , deliberate manipulation of the public , playing on the infantile mindset of the American voter who thinks : “ Hey , that guy looks like one of us . He 's got my vote ! ” Or , “ Hey , if a black/white/female/young/disabled/blue-collar/veteran/conservative person likes him , then I do too ! ”
Nevermind any political issues or critical thinking about policies . American politics now revolves around loose visual associations and group-think based on your particular genetic makeup .
Mind you , I 'm not saying it 's bad politics . I 'm sure it 's an effective strategy – professional political strategists make good money for a reason . They 're excellent manipulators and exploiters of public ignorance . But that just makes the reality of politics that much worse .
I feel unfortunately obligated to add : no , I am not lamenting the fact that black men and disabled veterans participated in Rand 's announcement . If it were happenstance – if a group of political strategists did n't deliberately choose them for their skin color/gender – then I would n't care at all . I fully understand that the message of liberty ( insofar as Rand communicates it ) should be appealing across all demographics . But it 's the careful , intentional creation of an image designed appeal to weak-minded voters which rubs me the wrong way .
Group-identity politics may be effective , but it 's crude and a disturbing insight into the American political mindset .
So this is a ridiculous thing that just happened .
Per the PGA Tour 's Ben Everill ( h/t For the Win 's Luke Kerr-Dineen ) , a fan at the Ryder Cup showed up some of the top pros in the game after criticizing their work on the putting green .
As the story goes , Rory McIlroy and Henrik Stenson were taking turns and failing to make a 12-foot putt during a practice round at Hazeltine National Golf Club on Thursday .
Article continues below ...
They tried the putt six times , per Everill , before an onlooking fan claimed even they could make the shot . McIlroy and Stenson took them up on the offer , and Justin Rose laid a crisp $ 100 bill on the ground by the ball as the stake . If they made it — the bill was his .
And then the fan , David Johnson of North Dakota , holed it in front of God and country :
BOOOOOOOOOOOOM .
And then they hugged !
Fan David Johnson of North Dakota hugs Rory McIlroy of Europe after being pulled from the crowd and making a putt on the eighth green as Andy Sullivan , Justin Rose and Henrik Stenson look on .
Golf is magical . Never let anyone tell you otherwise .
Dan is on Twitter . GOLF MAGIC .
Well this is all getting more absurd by the moment . Today , Angela Merkel proposed a ban on the burqa and niqab , “ wherever it is legally possible . ”
The proposal was laid out in a speech to fellow center-right CDU party members in the hope of rallying the party around their bid for retaining the Chancellorship in 2017 . Yet in the past , the furthest Ms. Merkel ever went was to say that women who wear burqas have , “ little chance of integrating in Germany . ”
Hence it must be noted that the timing of all this is quite peculiar .
One must wonder whether this policy proposal has any connection to a certain discovery relating to the case of Maria Ladenburger , a 19-year-old medical student from Freiburg .
On October 16th , Ms. Ladenburger was cycling home in the early hours of the morning when they were raped and then drowned in a river . Them dead body was found by a jogger that same day .
But by December 3rd , international media reported that the assailant was a “ 17-year-old ” Afghan asylum seeker . Later it emerged that their name is Hussein Khavari . This caused considerable outrage in Germany , not least because Ms. Ladenburger purportedly volunteered in refugee centers in their spare time . It is still unclear whether Hussein Khavari had been acquainted with them while they were doing volunteer work .
A new investigational drug originally developed for type 2 diabetes is being readied for human clinical trials in search of the world 's first treatment to impede the progression of Parkinson 's disease following publication of research findings in the journal Science Translational Medicine .
`` We hope this will be a watershed moment for millions of people living with Parkinson 's disease , '' says Patrik Brundin , M.D. , Ph.D. , director of Van Andel Research Institute 's Center for Neurodegenerative Science , chairperson of The Cure Parkinson 's Trust 's Linked Clinical Trials Committee , and the study 's senior author . `` All of our research in Parkinson 's models suggests this drug could potentially slow the disease 's progression in people as well . ''
Until now , Parkinson 's treatments have focused on symptom management . If successful in human trials , MSDC-0160 would be the world 's first therapy to treat the underlying disease and slow its progression -- potentially improving quality of life and preventing the occurrence of falls and cognitive decline . It may also reduce or delay the need for medications that can have debilitating side effects , says Brundin .
Parkinson 's disease afflicts between 7-10 million people worldwide , including an estimated 1 million Americans , and these numbers are expected to increase dramatically as the average human lifespan increases . There is currently no cure , and first-line treatment has remained relatively unchanged since the introduction of levodopa in the 1960s .
Tom Isaacs , a co-founder of The Cure Parkinson 's Trust who has lived with Parkinson 's for 22 years , says MSDC-0160 represents one of the most promising treatment the Trust 's international consortium has seen to date .
`` Our scientific team has evaluated more than 120 potential treatments for Parkinson 's disease , and MSDC-0160 offers the genuine prospect of being a breakthrough that could make a significant and permanent impact on people 's lives in the near future , '' says Isaacs . `` We are working tirelessly to move this drug into human trials as quickly as possible in our pursuit of a cure . ''
MSDC-0160 was developed by Kalamazoo , Michigan-based Metabolic Solutions Development Company ( MSDC ) to treat type 2 diabetes . In 2012 , Brundin recognized it as an exciting drug candidate because of its mode of action , proven safety in people , local availability and the start-up company 's interest in collaborating on drug repurposing initiatives . After four years of work , the effects of the drug in the laboratory exceeded Brundin 's expectations .
The novelty of MSDC-0160 stems from a recently revived revelation that Parkinson 's may originate , at least partially , in the body 's energy metabolism . The new drug appears to regulate mitochondrial function in brain cells and restore the cells ' ability to convert basic nutrients into energy . Consequently , the cells ' ability to handle potentially harmful proteins is normalized , which leads to reduced inflammation and less nerve cell death .
`` Parkinson 's disease and diabetes may have vastly different symptoms with unrelated patient outcomes ; however , we 're discovering they share many underlying mechanisms at the molecular level and respond similarly to a new class of insulin sensitizers like MSDC-0160 , '' says Jerry Colca , Ph.D. , co-founder , president and chief scientific officer of MSDC .
While Brundin says they are eager to see MSDC-0160 launched into a clinical trial in Parkinson 's disease , he 's equally excited about the possibility of testing the drug in Lewy body dementia and other cognitive decline conditions , such as Alzheimer 's disease .
`` This is an immensely promising avenue for drug discovery , '' says Brundin . `` Whatever the outcome of the upcoming trial for Parkinson 's , we now have a new road to follow in search of better treatments that cut to the root of this and other insidious diseases . ''
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
US Representative Todd Akin , R-MO ( AP Photo/Jeff Roberson ) Ad Policy
The Twittersphere went nuts yesterday after a video was posted of Missouri Senate candidate Todd Akin expressing some jaw-dropping views on rape and abortion in an interview with local news :
“ First of all , from what I understand from doctors [ pregnancy from rape ] is really rare , ” Akin told KTVI-TV in an interview Sunday . “ If it 's a legitimate rape , the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down . ”
The short-term consequences of such an incendiary remark are predictable : Democratic incumbent Claire McCaskill will trumpet the remark to their own political advantage , donations will spike to their campaign and the party committees will offer the remark as one more proof point of the GOP 's war on women . But the impact of Akin 's effort to redefine the terms of this debate reaches beyond this one race . In the multidimensional chess that shapes public opinion , the game is less about individual elections and more about a sustained effort to mainstream radical ideas . In the case of denying women control over their lives , there 's evidence that the bad guys may be winning the long-game .
Akin was Paul Ryan 's co-sponsor on a House bill just last year banning the use of federal funds for abortion except in cases of “ forcible rape. ” This term seemed laughably redundant since all rape , by definition , is forced . But this redefinition of rape was deceptively sinister . Statutory rapists often use coercion but not physical force . If the measure had passed , a 13-year-old emotionally manipulated into having sex with an older friend or relative would no longer be able to use Medicaid to terminate a resulting pregnancy . Nor would their parents be able to use their tax-exempt health savings fund .
While the measure was defeated , conversation around it introduced skepticism about whether all rape is created equal and what distinctions should be recognized by law . Instead of making them politically toxic , Ryan 's support of the pioneering forcible rape measure likely made them a more attractive vice presidential candidate to a Romney campaign needing to energize the right-wing base .
And whether or not Akin loses this cycle , their comments have already escalated the stakes . In their world view , the rape victim 's body will be the ultimate judge of whether a crime has taken place . If they get pregnant , by Akin 's standard , their reproductive organs consented to the pregnancy , so they must have consented to the sex . This bizarre standard of innocence is reminiscent of medieval Europe , where the men in authority held the similarly scientific view that women guilty of witchcraft floated in water while innocent women would drown . Being cleared of witchcraft was of course not much consolation to the drowned women , though they at least got to skip being burned at the stake .
Akin 's comments appear an awful lot like step one in the GOP 's favorite two-step tactic to redefine the world around us : first , more extreme figures voice opinions that would never fly from more politically palatable ones . The right-wing echo chamber picks up those opinions in the guise of news coverage . Then , the more politically acceptable candidates shift their rhetoric to acknowledge the newly accepted opinion as reality .
Consider our seemingly uncontrollable slide towards climate catastrophe : in 2006 and 2007 , the link between human activity and climate change was almost incontestable . Al Gore 's movie An Inconvenient Truth was a breakout hit ; and the former VP was rewarded for their leadership on the global issue with a Nobel Prize in 2007 . In 2008 , both McCain and Obama openly acknowledged the existence of the threat and the need for action . Scientists breathed a collective sigh of relief that the US might finally exert some leadership on this existential issue .
But when the Obama victory made the idea of a clean-energy economy a potential reality , the climate deniers kicked into high gear . Cash from the Koch brothers poured into bogus organizations to promote climate skepticism and cast doubt on the scientific consensus . Senator Inhofe called climate change “ the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people. ” A 2009 Chamber of Commerce ad buy brutalized House Democrats who voted for the climate legislation . In the lead up to the climate summit of 2009 , someone even hacked into a University server and published highly edited e-mails from climate scientists to make them appear to be fabricating their results . While the scientists were exonerated , the damage was done .
The resulting shift in public opinion was almost immediate . Between 2008 and 2010 , the number of Americans who believed media accounts of climate change were exaggerated jumped from 35 percent to 48 percent . Among self-identified Republicans , it went to 66 percent . By last year 's Republican presidential primary , right-wing contenders made seemingly inane statements that flew in the face of scientific consensus , and even the ones like Romney who had previously acknowledged the threat were forced to recant to maintain their viability .
While the political dynamics around these two issues are different , there are striking similarities in the right-wing strategy of capitalizing on extreme statements to shift the spectrum of what 's possible . And the wary will take heed : in the span of four short years , we went from having two presidential candidates who openly advocated action to stop climate change to having no GOP candidates in 2012 who could or would affirm its existence and a Democratic president who seems to wish the issue would magically disappear . The consequences of inaction are already being felt .
The same process is underway to undermine women 's voices in our own destiny . Mitt Romney has already flip-flopped from a pro-choice Senate candidate and a governor who promised to be “ a good voice ” among Republicans on reproductive health to their new incarnation as Paul Ryan 's running mate and an anti-choice leader . While Ryan allows lesser candidates like Akin to carry the water on extreme views held by the right-wing patriarchy , their equally radical views become mainstreamed as their anti-woman credentials are embraced by the party leadership . If we do n't stop laughing and start drawing hard lines around scientific reality , how many Akin 's will it take before we see a President Romney ordering rape victims thrown into the water to see if they float ?
For a take on how to fight back against rape culture , read Jessica Valenti 's “ How to Out a Rapist . ”
A 78 year old Kentucky homeowner said they were ready when 2 young men broke into their home around 4am . The elderly cancer survivor says they have always slept with a loaded pistol under their pillow . When they saw two men from their bedroom window they grabbed the gun . A moment later they heard their front door kicked in and then heard the men coming straight for their bedroom . The homeowner fired shots from the pistol striking one of the men . They then retrieved a shotgun and fired at the second home invader , who has come back after initially being scared off by the pistol shots .
One of the home invaders is being treated at Vanderbilt hospital for gunshot wounds and will be charged in the home invasion once they are well enough . The second intruder remains at large .
— adidas and the NBA today unveiled the uniforms that all 10 teams will wear for the 2014 NBA Christmas Day games . The uniforms , designed as part of the adidas NBA Holiday Collection , feature traditional tank-top style jerseys that showcase each team 's primary logo on the front . Continuing with the tradition of introducing new and unique jersey elements , this year 's uniforms will include each player 's first name on the back of the jerseys as a nod to their familiarity and popularity with the NBA fan base around the world . .
The special edition Swingman jersey will be available for select players this weekend on NBAStore.com , NBAStore.eu and the NBA Store on Fifth Avenue for $ 110 . Jerseys will also be available at select team and other retailers .
2014 Christmas Day in the NBA Time ( ET ) Matchup TV 12 p.m. Washington Wizards at New York Knicks ESPN 2:30 p.m. Oklahoma City Thunder at San Antonio Spurs ABC 5 p.m. Cleveland Cavaliers at Miami Heat ABC 8 p.m. Los Angeles Lakers at Chicago Bulls TNT 10:30 p.m. Golden State Warriors at Los Angeles Clippers TNT
More at @ NBA , @ NBAStore and @ adidasHoops .
Although Democrats now hold fewer nationwide seats than at any time since Republicans took all their slaves away after the Civil War , in the scalp department , the Left and their national media allies are doing pretty well . On their walls hang -- right next to revered photos of accused rapist and serial-sexual harasser/predator/abuser/groper Bill Clinton -- a number of bloody Fox News scalps , the most recent being that of the cable news king himself , Bill O'Reilly .
The tip of the spear in the war against Fox has been numerous accusations of sexual harassment . On top of O'Reilly , last year the founder and genius behind Fox News , Roger Ailes , was taken out . Also lost in the fallout were three anchors who fled the network in apparent disgust : primetime star Megyn Kelly ( to NBC News ) , ratings-winner Greta Van Susteren ( to MSNBC ) , and afternoon anchor Gretchen Carlson ( maybe to MSNBC ) .
That 's a whole lot of talent to lose in just one year . And while we do n't yet know what the ratings fallout , if any , will be with the loss of O'Reilly , here is what we do know…
So far , the Left 's war against Fox News has not only produced a cable news network that is now more conservative and pro-Trump , it is also much more popular and powerful than at any time in its 21-year history .
For more than a decade Fox News has mercilessly crushed its left-wing competition at MSNBC and CNN , and for much of that time Fox has earned more viewers than both of its competitors combined . And just last month , even after the fall of Ailes and the loss of Kelly , Van Susteren , and Carlson , Fox News not only enjoyed the best ratings quarter in its own history , it earned the best ratings quarter in the history of all cable news .
And all of this is happening as the network becomes more pro-Trump and moves further to the right .
Megyn Kelly despised President Trump and their overall politics were at best centrist . They were eventually replaced with Tucker Carlson , who is much more conservative , much more on board with Trump 's agenda , and who on a nightly basis brings on a Leftist to eat alive in front of more viewers than Kelly ever dreamt of .
Permanently replacing Van Susteren ( another centrist ) is Martha MacCallum , who is probably a wash politically . But in the aftermath of Trump 's victory , it is much more helpful to the cause that MacCallum is seen as a serious and accomplished journalist ( Van Susteren is a lawyer ) . On an almost nightly basis , the widely-respected MacCallum is superb at cutting through the anti-Trump hysteria that blares 24/7 everywhere else .
This is a massive upgrade over Van Susteren ( who is currently languishing with low ratings at MSNBC ) . Gretchen Carlson 's departure resulted in a similar dynamic when they were permanently replaced by Shannon Bream , who hosts a program much more focused on straight journalism -- much of it debunking the non-stop lies emanating from CNN and MSNBC .
And now we come to O'Reilly , whose fall has brought about the consequential rise of no less than three pro-Trump conservatives , starting with Tucker Carlson 's move to that coveted 8 pm slot .
O'Reilly might have been the King of Cable News , but they were no reliable conservative . There is no question Uncle Bill was a right-of-center populist . But the loss of O'Reilly has only further-boosted Carlson , an unapologetic and articulate , pro-Trump conservative who will probably make Leftists pine away for the good ole ' days of `` The Factor . ''
In Tucker Carlson 's old 9pm slot goes `` The Five . '' And guess who got the biggest boost out of this move ? The reliably conservative and pro-Trump Jesse Watters , who has now been upgraded to a much higher profile as a permanent co-host .
And who did Jesse Watters replace ?
This is the biggest news out of all these machinations . Once you work your way through the drama , strife , spin , schadenfreude and timeslot maneuvers , the bottom line is this… .
In the O'Reilly fallout , an even bigger winner than Watters is Trump fan and hardcore conservative Eric Bolling .
Yep , Eric Bolling just got their own show .
Because Bolling 's show is set to air outside of primetime at 5 pm ( for now ) , we are not hearing much about their massive promotion ( well , there has been a little crybabying ) . But it is just a fact that the loss of O'Reilly has resulted in two of the most conservative and pro-Trump hosts in all cable news winning their very own shows , and with this rise , a much more powerful platform .
So , who are the biggest winners in the Left 's permanent war against Fox News ?
Pro-Trump conservatives !
Yay , us !
Anyone tired of the winning yet ?
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @ NolteNC . Follow their Facebook Page here .
Bandages are key to protection of a wound from harmful external agents that exist in our surroundings . They keep harmful bacteria from penetrating the human body and from inflicting any further damage . One often wonders what happens to the bacteria which already enters the human body once the wound is scratched by a person . Say hello to a new sort of bandage which pulls out any bacteria that happens to penetrate a cut . Once the bandage comes off the skin , so does the bacteria that is once inside the wound .
This new technology is still under development at the Swinburne University of Technology based in Australia . It has so far only been tested on tissue engineered models of skin rather than real human skin . The species of bacteria under investigation involve Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli , both known to be chronic wound infections .
The bandage itself is comprised of a combination of polymer filaments . Every strand of polymer in this mesh is about one hundred times slimmer than human hair . They manage to manufacture these by incorporating a process called electrospinning . The method involves a person squeezing the material found in an electrified nozzle .
For the very first time , this was tested on a film of Staphylococcus aureus . The researchers report that it was able to squeeze out the bacteria using the bandage fibers in no time . They also noticed the ability of the bacteria to bind themselves to varying thickness of each strand . Upon closer inspection , the researchers learned that these bacteria could not adhere to the fibers which happened to be shorter than the cells of the Staphylococcus aureus .
In the test that followed , each strand of the polymer was coated with various compounds . Escherichia coli could quickly adhere to each fibre that was coated using allylamine . Though , the bacteria did not attach to those that were coated with acrylic acid . Finally , the research was concluded with tests on various skin models that was possible due to partnership with University of Sheffield , United Kingdom . Though , the final results of the experiment have not yet been published , researchers believe that the bandage performed quite well when tested on living tissue .
This latest technology could be perceived unessential for protection against wounds from fine nicks and scratches we get everyday . However , it could spell wonders for those who are challenged with a poor immune system . Since it comes with the prospect of reducing the likelihood of infection , it could easily be seen as a great form of precaution . People in dire need of this could include those with AIDS , cancer , diabetes or even victims of burns .
In addition to the uses mentioned above , this latest bandage technology can have various other benefits . For instance , it may be able to create filters which are not enough permeable to let bacteria through . Also , it could offer protective clothing that can be used to grow tissue without the risk of contamination . Here 's hoping that the tests with human wounds will bear some fruit .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli opposition leader Isaac Herzog reached understandings on the main principles of a peace agreement through secret talks they conducted prior to the 2015 election , Israel 's Channel 10 reported Sunday night .
Former Labor MK Ephraim Sneh represented Herzog in the talks , while a senior Palestinian official represented Abbas .
The two agreed that the Arab Peace Initiative should be the basis for a new Middle East reality to be created by the signing of an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal . They also reached understandings on various issues , which were incorporated in a document drafted in April 2014 .
However , Herzog shelved these understandings immediately after the election .
With regard to borders , the two reportedly agreed that the Palestinian state should include an area equivalent to 100 percent of the territory Israel captured during the Six-Day War of 1967 , which would be adjusted through land swaps equivalent to four percent of this territory .
The two men also agreed that East Jerusalem would be the capital of a Palestinian state and Israel would withdraw from neighborhoods in that part of the city , but both halves of the city would be governed by a single municipal administration . A multinational force would operate on the Temple Mount , but Israel would retain sovereignty in the area of the Western Wall .
On refugees , the parties agreed that that the solution would be based on UN Resolution 194 , as called for in the Arab Peace Initiative . Specifically , the document said , what this means is that most refugees would receive financial compensation , while a symbolic number , to be jointly agreed on , would be allowed to “ return ” to Israel .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
On security , the parties agreed to a symbolic Israeli presence in the Jordan Valley . They also agreed that Israel would be able to monitor the border crossings between Jordan and Palestine via technological means , and that in the event of a drastic change in the existing order east of the Jordan River , Israel would be able to use two parts of the Jordan Valley as staging areas for its armored corps . Finally , counterterrorism efforts would be supervised by a joint body comprising representatives from Israel , Jordan and Palestine .
In response to Channel 10 's report , Herzog said , “ In my contacts with the Palestinian Authority president during 2014 , I made efforts whose goal was to reach understandings that would have prevented the wave of terror whose arrival I foresaw , just like I 'm making efforts now so that this extreme right-wing government 's abandonment of the initiative for a regional conference wo n't bring the next war down upon us . ”
Top Palestinian officials downplayed the report , saying that the talks between Abbas and Herzog did n't constitute an agreement . `` We did n't treat it as if it 's something that can be implemented , since obviously the one who makes the decision ultimately is the Israeli prime minister , '' an official close to Abbas said . They added that it was the official Palestinian stance that East Jerusalem would be the capital of the Palestinian state , and that the city as a whole would be managed by a joint Israeli-Palestinian municipality .
A MAN has been charged for allegedly shooting a massive 5.2-metre crocodile to death in central Queensland .
The large reptile was found in the Fitzroy River , near Rockhampton , with a bullet in its head on September 21 .
Detectives from the Queensland Police Service 's major and organised crime squad charged a 31-year-old man following a search of two Etna Creek properties yesterday .
They allegedly found two rifles , ammunition and several electronic devices .
The Etna Creek man was issued with a notice to appear in the Rockhampton Magistrates Court on January 12 , charged with unlawfully taking a class three protected animal .
Department of Environment and Science conservation and biodiversity operations director Michael Joyce said it was an offence to take a crocodile without permission .
“ In Queensland , estuarine crocodiles are protected under the Nature Conversation Act 1992 , ” they said in a statement on Friday .
“ The maximum penalty for the unlawful killing of a crocodile is $ 28,383.75 . ”
The huge saltwater crocodile was taken to the nearby Koorana Crocodile Farm following its discovery .
Farm owner John Leaver said at the time a 5m-long crocodile had not been caught in Queensland for 20 to 30 years .
“ There may have been some others shot in the wild that we do n't know about , but from my recollection , over the past three decades this would be the largest , ” they said .
On Monday afternoon , April 11 , I appeared on Southern California Public Radio KPCC 's Patt Morrison show to briefly debate ( dare I saw wrestle ? ) the former Navy Seal , Minnesota Governor , professional wrestler , television host , and author Jesse “ The Body ” Ventura , who was on a book tour swing through Los Angeles promoting their latest conspiracy fictions they believe are facts entitled The 63 Documents the Government Does n't Want You To Read . ( The figure of 63 was chosen , Jesse says , because that was the year JFK was assassinated . ) Presented in breathtaking revelatory tones that within lies the equivalent of the Pentagon Papers , what the reader actually finds between the covers are documents obtained through standard Freedom of Information Act requests that can also be easily downloaded from the Internet .
No matter , with bigger-than-life Jesse Ventura at the conspiratorial helm everything is larger than it seems , especially when their unmistakable booming voice pronounces them as truths . I had only a few hours to read the book , but that turned out to be more than adequate since most of the documents are familiar to us conspiracy watchers and what little added commentary is provided to introduce them appears to be mostly written by Ventura 's co-author Dick Russell , the pen behind the mouth for many of Jesse 's books . ( Since they are no longer wrestling perhaps they should change their moniker to Jesse “ The Mouth ” Ventura . )
Surprisingly , given their background in the military and government , Ventura seems surprised to learn that governments lie to their citizens . Shockingly true , yes , but just because politicians and their appointed cabinet assigns and their staffers sometimes lie ( mostly in the interest of national security but occasionally to cover up their own incompetence and moral misdeeds ) , does n't mean that every pronouncement made in the name of a government action is a lie . After all , as in the old logical chestnut— “ This statement is untrue ” ( if it 's true it 's untrue and vice versa ) —if everything is a lie then nothing is a lie . Likewise , I noted up front on the show , if everything is a conspiracy then nothing is a conspiracy .
Given the helter skelter nature of talk radio and Jesse 's propensity to interrupt through their booming voice any dissenters from their POV , I tried to make just four points . Let 's call them Conspiracy Skeptical Principles .
Conspiracy Skeptical Principle # 1 : There must be some means of discriminating between true and false conspiracy theories . Lincoln was assassinated by a conspiracy ; JFK was not . The Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated by a conspiracy of Serbian operatives that triggered the outbreak of the First World War ; Princess Diana was not murdered by the Royal Family or any other secretive organization , but instead died by the most common form of death on a highway : speeding , drunk driving , and no seat belt .
Conspiracy Skeptical Principle # 2 : Cognitive Dissonance and the need to balance the size of the event with the size of the cause . Jesse Ventura said : “ Do you mean to tell me that 19 guys with box cutters taking orders from a guy in a cave in Afghanistan brought down the most powerful nation on earth ? ” First of all , America is alive and well , thank you , even though Ventura has since moved to Mexico . But , yes , as a matter of fact , that is the only way such an event can happen : Sizable cohorts of operatives in prominent positions ( Bush , Rumsfeld , Chaney , the CIA , the FBI , et al . ) are too noticeable to get away with such a conspiracy . ( By the way , 9/11 was a conspiracy : 19 members of Al Qaeda plotting to fly planes into buildings without telling us ahead of time constitutes a conspiracy . ) It is the lone nuts living in the nooks and crannies of a free society ( think Lee Harvey Oswald , John Hinkley , etc . ) who become invisible by blending into the background scenery .
Conspiracy Skeptical Principle # 3 : What else would have to be true if your conspiracy theory is true ? Jesse proclaimed on the show that the Pentagon was hit by a missile . Their proof ? They interviewed a woman on their conspiracy TV show who said they worked inside the Pentagon and never saw a plane hit it . Well , first of all , earlier in the show when I brought up Jesse 's conspiracy television series they discounted it , saying “ that 's pure entertainment. ” But now they want to use an interview from that same show not as entertainment but as proof . As well , hardly anyone working in the Pentagon that day saw anything happen because they were inside the five-sided building and the plane only hit on one side , and even there , presumably ( hopefully ) , people are actually working and not just sitting there staring out the window all day . But to the skeptical principle : As I said on the show , “ If a missile hit the Pentagon , Jesse , that means that a plane did not hit it . What happened to the American Airlines plane ? ” Jesse 's answer : “ I do n't know. ” Sorry Jesse , not good enough . It 's not enough to poke holes at the government explanation for 9/11 ( a form of negative evidence ) ; you must also present positive evidence for your theory . In this case , tell us what happened to the plane that did n't hit the Pentagon because there are a lot of grieving families who would like to know what happened to their loved ones ( as would several radar operators who tracked the plane from hijacking to suddenly disappearing off the screen in the same place as the Pentagon is located ) . Finally , I directed Jesse and our listeners to www.skeptic.com to view the photograph of the American Airlines plane debris on the lawn in front of the Pentagon , below . Are we to believe that the U.S. government timed the impact of a missile on the Pentagon with the hijackers who flew the plane into the Pentagon ?
Conspiracy Skeptical Principle # 4 : Your conspiracy theory must be more consistent than the accepted explanation . Jesse says that Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda did not orchestrate 9/11 , and instead it was done by the Bush administration ( or , they say , at least by Chaney and their covert operatives ) . As evidence , Jesse wants to know why Osama bin Laden has not been indicted for murder by the United States government . As well , they say , why was no one fired for not acting on the famous memos of the summer of 2001 that warned our government that Al Qaeda was financing operatives in America in flight training schools and that Osama bin Laden would strike on U.S. soil . Hold on there Jesse—first you say that Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda are innocent of this crime , and then you present evidence in the form of documents that the U.S. government was forewarned that Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda would attack us ? Sorry sir , you ca n't have it both ways . You ca n't hold to two contradictory conspiracy theories at the same time and use evidence from each to support the other . ( Well , you can , but that would be a splendid example of logic-tight compartments in your head keeping separate contradictory ideas . )
Finally , in frustration I presume , Jesse accused me of being a mouthpiece of the government , just parroting whatever my overlords command me to say to keep the truth hidden . That conspiracy theory happens to be true , except for the part about the mouthpiece , the government , the parrot , and the truth .
P.S . During my recent lecture tour swing through Wisconsin I was confronted at a restaurant by three 9/11 Truthers who were unable to attend my talk that night or even join the local skeptics group meeting that afternoon with me , and instead handed me a pile of literature and a DVD to watch touting the merits of the group known as Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , who appear to hold fast to the belief that the WTC buildings were intentionally demolished by explosive devices AND that the hijackers ( whoever they really were ) somehow managed to fly the planes into the WTC buildings at precisely where the demolition experts planted the explosive devices—at the exact correct floors , at the exact angle at which the wings were tilted , because that is where the collapse of both buildings began . Check it out yourself below , along with our issue of Skeptic on 9/11 conspiracy theories , which was being read in Wisconsin by the little Wombat given to me by my hosts at the University of Wisconsin .
Many times I talk with people who are either experiencing financial hardship or are struggling to make significant progress . There are usually two things that most of these people have in common :
First , they usually do n't have a budget , or if they do , they are n't carefully evaluating their expenses and adhering to their budget . Second , they have not taken time to set financial goals based on what they want to do in life .
Setting goals should be the first thing that you do when trying to take control your finances . There is no point in setting up a budget if you have not established your financial objectives . Here are three ways to examine your current situations as well as your desires in order to set goals .
Immediate Goals
Once you site down and review your financial situation , you will probably have a long list of things that need to be started , fixed , arranged , etc . Some of those items can be taken care of immediately – only needing a phone call , or a few minutes to compare prices/rates , and others will take time to handle .
Gather everything that can be handled in less than a day and put them on a list . Here are several examples :
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Lower Your Monthly Bills – Compare cell phone plans , insurance rates , energy providers , etc. , in order to get the best rate
– Compare cell phone plans , insurance rates , energy providers , etc. , in order to get the best rate Add Beneficiaries – Make sure you have named and updated the beneficiaries on your investment accounts and insurance policies
– Make sure you have named and updated the beneficiaries on your investment accounts and insurance policies Pay Off Any Small , Overlooked Obligations – If you let anything slip through the cracks ( such as subscription renewals , important phone calls , or changing the passwords to your online accounts ) , set aside a day to take care of it – yes this even includes parking/traffic tickets ; - )
There are probably a lot of other things that will come up during your review , but hopefully this list will help you to consider a few things that are n't that common . Think about those things that you 've been putting off – such as calling your doctor and insurance company to straighten out a medical bill .
Whatever you see that is n't perfect , but can be handled in a day , put it on this list and take a couple of days off of work and tackle them !
Short-Term Goals
These are the goals that you should be able to accomplish anywhere between 1 week and 3 years .
Get Out of Debt – For some people , this will be a long-term goal . According to the bible , debt is bondage . You can ask people who are stressing over being “ underwater ” on their home and car loans , or receiving calls from debt collectors . This should be one of the top priorities no matter what your situation is .
– For some people , this will be a long-term goal . According to the bible , debt is bondage . You can ask people who are stressing over being “ underwater ” on their home and car loans , or receiving calls from debt collectors . This should be one of the top priorities no matter what your situation is . Establish an Emergency Fund – Any stable household should have an emergency plan . Most of the time , that plan should include an emergency fund . You should have between 6 to 12 months ( depending on other factors ) of living expenses saved up in case something unexpected happens .
– Any stable household should have an emergency plan . Most of the time , that plan should include an emergency fund . You should have between 6 to 12 months ( depending on other factors ) of living expenses saved up in case something unexpected happens . Create a Will – This is something that most people agree is very important , but few make time to do it . Begin to research the components and structure of a will – maybe even consulting software – and then consult an attorney for final guidance . Do n't put it off any longer , make it a short-term goal and get it done !
– This is something that most people agree is very important , but few make time to do it . Begin to research the components and structure of a will – maybe even consulting software – and then consult an attorney for final guidance . Do n't put it off any longer , make it a short-term goal and get it done ! Buy a Life Insurance Policy – Even if you have a policy through your employer , it still pays to put this on the list . After evaluating your needs , you may realize that you do not have adequate coverage . Since life is unpredictable , you need to make this a priority . I was tempted to make this an immediate need , but it may take a little time to perform the necessary research .
– Even if you have a policy through your employer , it still pays to put this on the list . After evaluating your needs , you may realize that you do not have adequate coverage . Since life is unpredictable , you need to make this a priority . I was tempted to make this an immediate need , but it may take a little time to perform the necessary research . Fund a Retirement Account – Even if you are in debt , this is a category for which you should begin to consider . Look at the current 401k contribution limits and IRA contribution limits and see what you can put aside each month . If your employer offers a match , be sure to contribute enough to get this free money !
Some of the items that you will include on this list will be things you can fix in a few days or maybe a week . They just require research and a talk with your spouse ( if you 're married ) . However , some of the your short-term goals will take more time to plan and work into your budget . Be patient , but be disciplined !
Long-Term Goals
Anything that will most likely take you longer than 3 years should go into this category .
Education/Training – If you want to obtain a degree or certification , you will need to plan for it . It will take both time and money , and the right opportunity . You need to start saving and organizing your life to be able to accomplish this !
– If you want to obtain a degree or certification , you will need to plan for it . It will take both time and money , and the right opportunity . You need to start saving and organizing your life to be able to accomplish this ! Save For Large Purchases – This is probably the most common long-term goal that I come across . Most people want to save money to buy a house or to pay for their children 's college education . Even paying for a car with cash or being able to take a dream vacation can fit on this list .
These goals are subject to change , and they also depend on your ability to meet your immediate and short-term goals .
What 's The Point Of Financial Goals ?
All of this seems nice , but what 's the point of making these goals ? What makes them different than the various dreams and ambitions that many people never reach ?
The main financial benefit from establishing these goals is that they will help to guide your budget and overall financial management . How can you set up a budget if you do n't have any goals ? You need to know where to direct your time , efforts , research and education , and money , and having goals will help you to do that .
Reader Questions
The Nation : In Libya , US Forgot About Congress
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
John Nichols writes about politics for The Nation magazine as its Washington correspondent .
The grotesque extremes to which Moammar Gadhafi has gone to threaten the people of Libya — and to act on those threats — have left the self-proclaimed `` king of kings '' with few defenders in northern Africa , the Middle East or the international community .
Even among frequent critics of U.S. interventions abroad , there is disgust with Gadhafi , and with the palpable disdain they have expressed for the legitimate aspirations of their own people .
The circumstance is made easier by the fact that the bombing of Libya by U.S. and allied planes has been carried out under the auspices of the United Nations . And with their words and their initial reluctance with regard to taking military action , President Obama has seemed to avoid many of the excesses of their predecessors .
Yet , now the headline on CNN reads `` Libya War . ''
This war , like so many before it , has neither been debated nor declared by the Congress of the United States .
The penchant of presidents of embark upon military adventures without consulting Congress is now so pronounced that it is barely noted anymore that the Constitution says `` Congress shall have power to ... declare War . ''
Unless the United States is immediately threatened , presidents are n't supposed to declare wars or launch them on their own .
Of all the checks and balances outlined in the constitution , none is more significant than the power to declare war .
Yet , since World War II , presidents have launched attacks , interventions and wars without declarations . And that has happened again .
There are plenty of explanations for why this happens . Treaties that require to bind the United States to the United Nations . The War Powers Act . The general sense that members of Congress would prefer to let presidents call the shots .
But the Constitution does not establish any exit strategies for members of the Congress , They are supposed to provide advice and consent — or to deny it .
Unfortunately , that just does not happen anymore .
When the United States ratified the United Nations treaty after World War II , Senators Henrik Shipstead and William Langer were the only Senators to vote `` no '' on the UN Charter . Other senators , California 's Hiram Johnson and Wisconsin 's Robert M. La Follette Jr. , expressed reservations .
What was their fear ? The senators worried that , under the agreement with the United Nations , presidents would involve U.S. troops in wars launched by the United Nations — without ever consulting Congress .
Those fears were well founded , as history would soon confirm , when President Truman sent U.S. troops to Korea as part of a UN mission — but without a congressional declaration .
President Obama 's approval of an intervention in Libya has also skipped the Congress .
Was this necessary ? Of course not . Obama could have consulted Congress ; indeed , if the issue was pressing , they could have asked that the House and Senate be called into session over the weekend . Had the president gone to the Congress , it is doubtful that they would have met with opposition . As noted above , Gadhafi has few defenders .
Consulting Congress does not mean that Congress will block a war . The constitutional system of checks and balances was not established merely to stop wars ; it was established to allow members of Congress to add their insights , to propose timelines , to set limits and parameters for military initiatives .
The debate , the discussion , the sifting and winnowing of information : This is the point .
Unfortunately , it is a point that Obama has missed .
The United States is now deep into what CNN calls the `` Libya War , '' yet there has been no congressional debate , no advice or consent , no checks and balances .
The Republic was well served by the drafters of a constitution , who gave the war-making power to Congress .
They were wise , and right , to do so . And any president who fails to consult congress before engaging in warmaking ill serves the founding document and the republic .
University of Pennsylvania engineers have developed a rapid , low-cost genetic test for the Zika virus . The $ 2 testing device , about the size of a soda can , does not require electricity or technical expertise to use . A patient would simply provide a saliva sample . Color-changing dye turns blue when the genetic assay detects the presence of the virus .
Rapid , accurate diagnosis is especially important for pregnant women who may be infected . However , the only approved tests for the virus currently require highly sensitive laboratory equipment . Diagnostic tools that can be used in the field , while the patient waits , would be a critical tool for fighting the Zika epidemic .
The engineers demonstrated the design and efficacy of their test in a study published in the journal Analytical Chemistry . It was conducted by Research Assistant Professor Changchun Liu and Professor Haim Bau of the Department of Mechanical Engineering and Applied Mechanics in Penn 's School of Engineering and Applied Science , along with members of the Bau lab , Jinzhao Song and Michael Mauk . They collaborated with Sara Cherry , associate professor of microbiology in Penn 's Perelman School of Medicine , and Brent Hackett , a member of their lab .
Assays that detect genetic material from the Zika virus itself are considered the gold standard in diagnostics . Alternatives , such as tests that look for antibodies the body creates in response to the virus , are insufficient as they may produce false negatives from people who are infected but have n't yet produced enough antibodies , or false positives from people who have antibodies for a different disease that is similar enough to trigger the test .
Tests that look for RNA sequences from the virus itself , known as reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction , or RT-PCR , avoid both problems . However , RT-PCR requires delicate laboratory work . Viral gene sequences in a patient 's sample must be amplified , or repeatedly copied , to levels where they can be detected , a process that normally involves multiple precise temperature changes .
`` The CDC has approved , on an emergency basis , only these kinds of laboratory-based molecular tests for the Zika virus , '' said Liu . `` Generally , lateral flow tests , which directly change the color of a test strip based on the presence of Zika antibodies , suffer from low sensitivity . And since antibodies to the Zika virus cross-react with other similar viruses prevalent in Zika-endemic areas , lateral flow tests for Zika also suffer from low specificity . ''
With the amplification step as the main hurdle to a portable genetic test , the Penn researchers investigated the possibility of using an alternative technique known as RT-LAMP , or reverse transcription loop-mediated isothermal amplification , which only requires the sample to be kept at a specific temperature , not cycled through multiple precise temperature changes as in RT-PCR .
As a trade-off for this simplified amplification process , RT-LAMP requires even more specialized `` primers , '' short gene sequences that are designed to match the regions of the virus ' DNA targeted by the test .
`` Although Zika primers for RT-PCR have been published in the literature , RT-LAMP primers have not , '' Bau said . `` So , using data mining , we identified highly conserved regions of the Zika virus genome that are divergent from other known pathogens . We then designed appropriate primers to recognize this sequence .
`` In parallel , '' Liu said , `` we engineered a low-cost , point-of-care system that consists of a diagnostic cassette and a processor . The cassette isolates , concentrates and purifies nucleic acids and carries out enzymatic amplification . The test results are indicated by the change in the color of a dye , which can be inspected visually . ''
The researchers then worked on how to keep the sample at the necessary temperature without using electricity . Their solution involved a thermos bottle , a self-contained heating element that uses a chemical reaction from portable military rations and a wax-like material that absorbs excess heat by melting . A 3-D printed lid fits on top of the thermos and holds all of the test 's components in place .
Once a patient 's saliva sample is introduced into the cartridge , the test takes about 40 minutes to run . The researchers demonstrated its efficacy with their own saliva spiked with virus samples generated by the Cherry Lab , showing sensitivity equivalent to that of RT-PCR tests . Future work will demonstrate the test 's selectivity and will also test a version that can quantify the viral load by means of a fluorescent dye and an integrated smartphone camera .
`` Our work represents a proof of concept at this stage , '' Bau said . `` Before the assay can be adapted for medical use , we must experiment with patients ' samples and make assure that our assay and system match the performance of the gold standard and operate reproducibly and reliably . We are fortunate to have dedicated colleagues in endemic regions ready to assist us in this task . ''
# # #
The work was supported , in part , by National Institutes of Health grants K25AI099160 and R21.AI.112713.0 and Penn Center for AIDS Research Pilot Grant AI045008 .
A group of hackers who perpetrated numerous credit card and personal identification thefts are being charged with numerous crimes ranging from conspiracy , computer intrusion , fraud , and identity theft . Altogether , this constitutes the largest hacking and identity theft case ever prosecuted by the Department of Justice .
Eleven perpetrators from around the world are being charged with the theft and illegal sales of credit card numbers and personal information stolen from retail stores like TJ Maxx , Office Max , Boston Market , Barnes & Noble , Sports , Authority , Forever 21 , DSW , and more . After obtaining the data , the perpetrators stored it in an encrypted format ( a step that others could learn from ) on servers in Eastern Europe and the US , then sold the data to customers in those countries . Credit card numbers were typically imprinted onto blank cards , then used to withdraw tens of thousands of dollars from ATMs .
One perpetrator , Albert Gonzalez , had previously been arrested by the Secret Service in 2003 for access device fraud . Gonzalez was acting as a confidential informant for the agency during the course of this most recent investigation , but was found out to be criminally involved with another case of stealing credit card data from the Dave & Buster 's chain . Because of this , they face a maximum penalty of life in prison if they are convicted of all charges .
Courts in various cities will hear the charges brought against this retail hacking ring . For example , a San Diego indictment against Hung-Ming Chiu and Zhi Zhi Wang , both of the People 's Republic of China , and a person known only by the online nickname `` Delpiero '' ( a real name and origin are unknown ) charges the three with conspiracy to possess unauthorized access devices , trafficking in unauthorized access devices , trafficking in counterfeit access devices , possession of unauthorized access devices , aggravated identity theft , and aiding and abetting .
With the help of Sergey Pavolvich , of Belarus , and Dzmitry Burak and Sergey Storchak of Ukraine , these eight perpetrators are charged with operating an international stolen credit and debit card distribution ring , and selling these cards for personal gain . As an example , the indictment cites Yastremskly alone as receiving over $ 11 million from these activities . Suvorov and Yastremskiy were charged in May with accompanying Gonzalez when hacking the Dave & Buster 's chain .
`` So far as we know , this is the single largest and most complex identity theft case ever charged in this country , '' said Attorney General Mukasey in the DoJ press release . `` It highlights the efforts of the Justice Department to fight this pernicious crime and shows that , with the cooperation of our law enforcement partners around the world , we can identify , charge and apprehend even the most sophisticated international computer hackers . '' It also highlights the risk to consumers when retailers are lax with data they collect on consumers in the ordinary course of business .
This photo provided by the Dallas County Sheriff 's Department shows Christopher Duntsch . ( Dallas County Sheriff 's Department via AP )
“ I am ready to leave the love and kindness and goodness and patience that I mix with everything else that I am and become a cold blooded killer . ”
It was this e-mail , sent on Dec. 11 , 2011 , that marked Christopher Duntsch 's transformation from a promising young neurosurgeon to a “ danger to patients ” accused of purposefully botching surgeries , authorities say .
The e-mail was presented along with other new evidence Monday at a hearing about the Texas doctor 's bail . Duntsch is charged with five counts of aggravated assault for allegedly mishandling spinal surgeries , and one count of injuring an elderly person , according to the Dallas Morning News .
[ Ex-con posing as plastic surgeon left patient with deformed penis , police say ]
Several people were severely injured on Duntsch 's operating table , local media have reported , and at least two died during procedures that are n't normally dangerous . It 's not clear which of these incidents Duntsch is being charged for .
“ It 's a completely egregious case , '' Leigh Hopper , then head of communications for the Texas Medical Board , told The Dallas Morning News in 2013 . “ We 've seen neurosurgeons get in trouble but not one such as this , in terms of the number of medical errors in such a short time . ”
Duntsch arrived in Dallas in 2010 to start a neurosurgery practice . In the course of the next three years they would work at several different hospitals , earning infamy for their haphazard surgical technique wherever they went , according to the Texas Observer . Their colleagues described them in the harshest superlatives : “ worst surgeon I 've ever seen , ” “ sociopath . ”
“ I could n't believe a trained surgeon could do this , ” Robert Henderson , another surgeon at Dallas Medical Center , where Duntsch performed several operations , told the Observer . “ He just had no recognition of the proper anatomy . They had no idea what they were doing . At every step of the way , you would have to know the right thing to do so you could do the wrong thing , because they did all the wrong things . ”
In one case , authorities allege , Duntsch operated on their roommate and friend after a night of using cocaine . The man emerged from the operation a quadriplegic . In another , they purposefully left a surgical sponge inside a man 's body . During that surgery , a fellow doctor forced Duntsch to stop operating because of their “ unacceptable ” technique , the Dallas Morning News reported , citing a search warrant affidavit .
In 2012 , Duntsch voluntarily left Baylor Regional Medical Center of Plano , where they had surgical privileges , after a woman they were operating on reportedly bled to death , according to the Observer . Despite Duntsch 's bad reputation , Baylor had n't done anything to stop them from operating elsewhere . Texas law limits hospitals ' responsibility for their doctors ' actions , the Observer explained , and the only entity that can remove a doctor 's license is the Texas Medical Board , which can do so only after receiving and investigating a complaint .
It would take another year for Duntsch 's license to be suspended . In the meantime , a second woman allegedly died on their operating table and at least two others emerged from their surgeries unable to move their legs .
In 2013 , Baylor doctor Randall Kirby filed a complaint about Duntsch with the Texas Medical Board after realizing that the doctor was still working in the operating room .
“ The TMB must stop this sociopath Duntsch immediately or they will continue to maim and kill innocent patients , ” Kirby wrote , according to the Dallas Morning News . “ Dr . Duntsch is a clear and present danger to the citizens of Texas . ”
After losing their medical license , Duntsch moved to Centennial , Colo. , and found work as a bio-medical consultant . Through a series of interviews with the Dallas Morning News in 2014 , “ he depicted themselves as the victim of a Texas cabal of rival physicians and personal injury lawyers , ” the paper reported .
“ I 'm a well-trained surgeon . I 'm a complex spine surgeon . My record is excellent , ” they said . “ Ninety-nine percent of everything that has been said about me is completely false . ”
Duntsch was arrested in July . Their attorney told CBS that Duntsch would defend themselves on all charges .
But the hospitals where they worked are also facing scrutiny over their treatment of Duntsch . If so many doctors knew that they are , in one colleague 's words , a “ clear and present danger ” to patients , why was they allowed to continue operating for so long ?
Baylor is now the target of three lawsuits from Duntsch 's former patients , according to the Dallas Morning News , with more likely on the way .
When Duntsch left Baylor and began searching for work at other hospitals , Baylor provided a letter saying that their medical record there was clean , though it was not addressed to any hospital and was not a letter of recommendation , Baylor said .
Duntsch was the subject of a lengthy 2013 Texas Observer article , which concluded that “ the real tragedy of the Christopher Duntsch story is how preventable it was . Over the course of 2012 and 2013 , even as the Texas Medical Board and the hospitals they worked with received repeated complaints from a half-dozen doctors and lawyers begging them to take action , Duntsch continued to practice medicine . Doctors brought in to clean up their surgeries decried their ‘ surgical misadventures , ' according to hospital records . Their mistakes were obvious and well-documented . And still it took the Texas Medical Board more than a year to stop Duntsch — a year in which they kept bringing into the operating room patients who ended up seriously injured or dead . ”
Sidney Wolfe , a doctor who serves as a senior adviser to the nonpartisan research group Public Citizen , told the Dallas Morning News that hospitals are obligated to stop dangerous physicians . “ A hospital that has evidence that a doctor is practicing bad medicine and does not take action has blood on its hands , ” they said .
Amiibo 's have become a little hard to come by , well , some of them anyway .
Nintendo 's little plastic figurines are sending fans crazy as they pour out to snap up the collectible toys which can be used with the Nintendo Wii U and the 3DS to play extra content on their devices .
They 've definitely proven popular as Nintendo recently announced that they 've managed to ship over 10 million of the little buggers . Some games do n't even sell that much…
For those looking to add to the collection , Amazon Canada have the Silver Mario Amiibo available to pre-order for the handsome price of $ 15.99 , plus shipping of course .
The Silver Mario Amiibo is expected to be released at the end of this month , May 29th to be specific , so if you order now you could potentially get it within a day or two of release .
Or , you know , you could spend that money on some actual games…
( Photo : REUTERS / Ahmed Saad ) Members of the Iraqi security forces pose as they guard volunteers who have joined the Iraqi Army to fight against the predominantly Sunni militants , who have taken over Mosul and other Northern provinces , travelling in army trucks , in Baghdad , June 12 , 2014 . Since Tuesday , black clad Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) fighters have seized Iraq 's second biggest city Mosul and Tikrit , home town of former dictator Saddam Hussein , as well as other towns and cities north of Baghdad . They continued their lightning advance on Thursday , moving into towns just an hour 's drive from the capital .
Christians in the northern Iraq city of Mosul are terrified with a Catholic cleric reporting `` an apocalyptic situation '' is unfurling as thousands of fighters from the ISIS group wreak terror as they move toward Baghdad .
The Italian newspaper La Stampa reported Thursday in its Vatican Insider that it received an email from a Dominican cleric who said , `` I am writing in a critical and apocalyptic situation . ''
The cleric said , `` The majority of the inhabitants of the city have already fled their homes and have run away to the villages ; they sleep out in the open without anything to eat and drink .
`` Thousands of gunmen of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant have attacked Mosul in the past two days . ''
ISIS wants to establish an Islamic caliphate , or State , stretching across the region into Syria and other neighboring nations .
`` They murdered adults and children . Hundreds of bodies have been left in the streets and in the homes , without any mercy . Even the Army and the regular forces have abandoned the city , along with the governor .
`` From the mosques you hear the cry : 'Allah Akhbar , long live the Islamic state . ' ''
Many nations are concerned at the rapid deterioration of the security situation in Iraq
In Washington U.S. President Barack Obama told reporters at the White House that the United States , `` will not rule anything out '' with regard to the conflict in Iraq .
`` This is an area that we have been watching with a lot of concern . ''
The U.N. refugee agency said Wednesday that it was immediately stepping up its aid efforts in Iraq in response to the new massive displacement of people from the northern Mosul and other areas .
One protection officer said UNHCR was working to provide shelter , protection and emergency items including tents to some of the many thousands of people believed to have fled from Iraq 's second largest city .
`` The needs are immense , '' said Gemma Woods . `` While the numbers of those crossing from Ninewa governorate into Iraq 's Kurdistan region today were visibly less than the long line of cars and pedestrians I witnessed yesterday , thousands continue to flee . ''
The U.N. agency said the exodus from Mosul began earlier this week , following massive displacement this year in the western Iraqi governorate of Anbar .
There fighting since January has forced around half-a-million people to flee the province or seek shelter in safer areas . Local authorities say that as a result of the new outflows from Mosul a further 300,000 additional people have arrived in the past days .
1 . Banks created hundreds of billions of pounds and put it into property
In the ten years up to the start of the financial crisis , house prices tripled . Many people think this is because there were not enough houses around , but that is only part of the picture . A major cause of the rise was that banks have the ability to create money every time they make a loan . During the period in question the amount of money banks created through mortgage lending more than quadrupled ! This lending was a major driver of the massive increase in house prices .
2 . House prices rise faster than wages
House prices rise much faster than wages , which means that houses become less and less affordable . Anyone who did n't already own a house before the bubble started growing ends up giving more and more of their salary simply to pay for a place to live . And it 's not just house buyers who are affected : pretty soon rents go up too , including in social housing .
This increase in prices led to a massive increase in the amount of money that first time buyers spent on mortgage repayments . For example , while in 1996 the amount of take home salary that a first time buyer would spend on their mortgage was 17.5 % , by 2008 this had risen to 49.3 % . In London the figures are even more shocking , rising from 22.2 % of take home pay spent on their mortgage in 1997 to 66.6 % in 2008.1
3 . House price bubbles benefit almost no-one
Asset price bubbles and the speculative behaviour associated with them tend to cause financial crises , which lead to lower growth , higher unemployment and higher government debt . High house prices also act as a mechanism for transferring wealth from the young to the old , from the poor to the rich , and from those that do n't own their own home to those that do . Even those with housing do n't benefit massively from higher house prices – after all , we all need somewhere to live , and anyone selling their home will find that on average other house prices will have risen by the same amount , leaving them no better off . In reality , only the banks and those with many properties benefit from high house prices : high prices mean that people will have to take out larger mortgages for longer periods of time , which means more money in interest payments for the banks .
Ammazza , the hip pizzeria that has been slinging Neapolitan-style pies in Old Fourth Ward since September 2012 , is temporarily closed due to a car accident over the weekend . On Saturday night , a motorist lost their bearings , and instead of turning right or left onto Edgewood Avenue from Randolph Street , drove their vehicle directly through the brick wall adjacent to Ammazza 's front door .
There were no injuries , but it appears the pizzeria is in for a significant recovery project . Ammazza 's Ryan Parker gave Eater a rundown of what happened .
No one was injured but the driver flew through the red light on Randolph , crashed through our entrance wall , and hit the ATL Fire Department emergency water main , which flooded the restaurant with approximately 50,000 gallons of water , so we have extensive repairs underway . We are trying to get the repairs done in as swiftly a manner as possible . It is a very unfortunate situation , yet we hope our guests understand and will be patient with us through out this process .
It 's unclear exactly how long the pizzeria will be out of commission , but photos of the aftermath show some serious damage to the building , including a couple of busted pipes .
• All Ammazza Coverage [ EATL ]
• All Temporary Shutters [ EATL ]
This article appeared in EFFector , EFF 's almost-weekly newsletter about cutting-edge tech policy issues . Subscribe by entering your email address in the box on the right-hand column of this page .
In 1993 , EFF founder John Gilmore approached me with an unusual proposition : they asked if I would serve as lead outside attorney working with a fairly new organization—the Electronic Frontier Foundation—on a case challenging the U.S. export restrictions against cryptography . Bernstein v. Department of Justice took over seven years to work its way through the courts , but eventually became the landmark case that first established that computer code is a form of protected speech under the First Amendment . It was a watershed moment for Internet law , and for my life .
As Bernstein was entering its final phase , EFF 's newly-appointed Executive Director Shari Steele offered me the job of legal director . It was the opportunity of a lifetime . As legal director for the last 15 years , I 've worked on cases that ensured ongoing protection for civil liberties in our increasingly digital , networked world . As attacks materialized via copyright , patents , computer security hysteria , electronic voting machines , and more , we fought for digital freedom . This was all possible because of the leadership of my dear friend and our executive director of 15 years , Shari Steele .
Shari has accepted a role on EFF 's board of directors , and now I 'm stepping up to fill their shoes as EFF 's new executive director . I want to share with you my vision for the future of EFF 's work , and how you can help us be even stronger .
EFF is committed to a world where you are free to make your voice heard , access information , participate in culture , have a private conversation , join with others to make political change , or develop cool technology—a world where you 're free to take advantage of the opportunities that digital tools make available to more people than ever before . Protecting privacy , free speech , association , and innovation is how we can build and maintain that world .
Right now , our top objective is to end mass surveillance of our digital communications by government agencies like the NSA and ensure that the basic privacy and associational rights—along with our security—are strengthened , even as governments gain access to powerful new tracking tools . We have ground-breaking lawsuits to fight this surveillance in the courts , but we 're also developing software to help you regain control over your privacy and make the Internet more secure . And because we have come to rely on platforms for much of what we do on the Internet , we 're pushing companies to make security features available and easy to use . We 're working with partners around the world to defend the privacy of people worldwide , including updating national laws for the digital age and helping to bring digital privacy issues before the United Nations . And we 're extending our focus to the surveillance that happens in the streets , addressing the threats represented by irresponsible implementations of facial recognition , biometrics , license plate readers , and more .
Reining in surveillance is only possible with real government transparency . That 's why EFF is kicking off a major campaign this year to fight against what is known as over-classification , hiding documents away from the public . This problem has plagued our democracy for years and prevented reform in other areas . And we 'll continue our transparency work in the courts , including using the Freedom of Information Act and challenging overbroad secrecy that too often accompanies government demands for information about users .
As our lives have become increasingly digital , the greatest free speech battles of our time have moved online . Over the last few years , we 've seen attacks on free speech dressed up as fights over copyright policy , international trade agreements , anonymity , and network neutrality . EFF intends to stay on the cutting edge of the free speech fight , ensuring that our rights to publish and access content will be enhanced—not diminished—as our use of technology grows . And through initiatives like our DRM-eradicating Apollo 1201 Project , international copyright work , and patent busting , we 'll continue to protect our right to innovate and enjoy remarkable new technologies .
For 15 years , I 've helped guide and grow EFF 's legal team , and I 'm deeply honored to have a chance to step into the role of executive director . I may be at the helm , but the organization 's accomplishments are driven forward by the hard work of our staff—attorneys , activists , and technologists—who have dedicated their lives to defending civil liberties .
But we do n't do this alone . The heroes of this movement are the more than 25,000 members joining us to fight for a better digital future . We 're grateful , and we 've all been lucky . As threats to our digital rights have grown , the scope and profile of the digital rights movement has grown to meet those challenges . Given what we 're facing , I 'd like to see our membership double to match the emerging , world-spanning hazards and ensure that we can continue to combat them effectively .
Please join us in fighting for digital rights . We 've got major battles ahead , including a showdown in Congress over NSA reform , major legal struggles around software patents , surveillance , and copyright , and some extraordinary technical projects . There are many essential ways to participate and protect the future of privacy and free speech : educate people about the importance of their digital rights , speak out in our campaigns , and become a donating member to strengthen this vital , future-focused movement for users ' rights worldwide .
I have a hard time organizing how I want to approach this blog . There are emotional aspects for why I left , and there are factual reasons , and spiritual reasons .. I could go on . It 's hard to decide what I should post about . I think I 'll start with the more spiritual and emotional posts at the beginning , then move into the actual research I 've done that started my journey out of the church .
This post I want to talk about a moment that sticks out in my mind while I was still a member of the Church that really took me by surprise .
The one that sticks out the most in my mind is when I was getting my “ interviews ” before I got married . For those of you who are unfamiliar with this process , when you are going to be married in the temple , you have to be completely worthy . Which in Mormon terms means a lot of things . I will post those questions momentarily . I got engaged to my boyfriend exactly 3 years ago from this coming Thursday . After we get engaged , we have to go through a series of interviews to determine whether we are worthy to be married in temple . We both are interviewed separately and then together . In my personal interview , the Bishop asks me if there is any major sin in my life that I have n't repented from .
Now , before I finish the story , especially if you do n't know anything about the church , when you are a full on brainwashed Mormon , you feel like you have to do everything perfect . The pressure is so intense . The rules , the principles , the tight hold Mormonism has on your mind is so powerful and engaging , you feel like if you lie just the slightest bit , the Bishop will somehow know you are lying and there will be major consequences . Back to the interview . As soon as I 'm asked about any major sins I have n't repented of , I immediately think about my encounters with women . I had committed one of the most terrible sins ever . I participated in homosexual activity . In my mind I know I have to tell them because they will know I 'm lying and God will make me feel that guilt for lying to get to the temple forever . I have to make a split decision to lie and just deal with the insane amount of guilt I will feel for disappointing God , or tell the truth , and go through the grueling and embarrassing repentance process .
I told the truth . I told them that I had had experiences with women before , and I repented years ago with a different Bishop , but since then , it had happened a few times after , and I never repented of that . So I 'm dying inside , waiting to find out my fate . Waiting for them to tell me what I ca n't participate in anymore , waiting for them to tell me I ca n't be a children 's leader anymore , and most of all knowing we will probably have to postpone my marriage until they decide I 'm “ fully repented ” . Despite all of that , the questions that followed my admittance of that “ HORRID ” behavior took me by complete surprise . First I was asked how many females . I responded truthfully . Then I was asked how many times . I responded truthfully with an estimate . And here 's the kicker , they proceeded to ask me if I had an orgasm during any of those times . I said no . I did n't answer the question truthfully , I just said no . I did n't want to answer the first few questions , but the third question made me realize the more I told , the more questions I was going to get . The more details they were going to want to know . I was so embarrassed they asked that . It was such a terribly awful moment of shame . I had lied to the Bishop . If I had told them the truth , how far was the conversation going to go ? I felt awful for lying .. I felt like I probably jeopardized my relationship with God . It was subconsciously a turning point for me because WHY IN THE WORLD DOES ANY OF THIS MATTER ? ESPECAILLY IF I HAD AN ORGASM . Why do you need to know the details ? Why do you have to know every little experience of my life ? I look back now and think about how SICK that entire conversation was . Why could n't it have stopped when I admitted the sin initially ?
It was n't until after I left the Church that I realized how disgusting those questions are . After doing later research I found out this is regular protocol . The Bishop must know every single detail about your sin . They must ask about every aspect . I think it 's a really messed up way for them to be in your business . I do n't doubt for a single second that some of that information is written down in your ‘ membership record ' for any administrator in the church to see .
Anyway , I will discuss more moments in later posts . This one end up taking longer to elaborate that I thought . To end this post I want to post the questions / rules you have to abide by before going to the temple :
1 Do you have faith in and a testimony of God the Eternal Father , Their Son Jesus Christ , and the Holy Ghost ? ( To me , that 's a pretty normal and acceptable question to be worthy . )
2 Do you have a testimony of the Atonement of Christ and of Their role as Savior and Redeemer ? ( I feel like this is also appropriate )
3 Do you have a testimony of the restoration of the gospel in these the latter days ? ( Basically , do you believe Mormonism is God 's true church ? If you answer no , you 're not worthy , and you ca n't go to the temple . )
4 Do you sustain the President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as the Prophet , Seer , and Revelator and as the only person on the earth who possesses and is authorized to exercise all priesthood keys ? Do you sustain members of the First Presidency and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles as prophets , seers , and revelators ? Do you sustain the other General Authorities and local authorities of the Church ? ( Do you believe all the old men you 've never met are ordained of God and have the authority of God to act for them on this earth ? No ? You 're not worthy ! Sorry ! )
5 Do you live the law of chastity ? ( Refrain from sex . )
6 Is there anything in your conduct relating to members of your family that is not in harmony with the teachings of the Church ? ( I never really understood this question honestly . )
7 Do you support , affiliate with , or agree with any group or individual whose teachings or practices are contrary to or oppose those accepted by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ? ( If you support anything that is against any of the rules , you 're not worthy . Even if you do n't do it , if you 're in the group that supports it , you 're not worthy )
8 Do you strive to keep the covenants you have made , to attend your sacrament and other meetings , and to keep your life in harmony with the laws and commandments of the gospel ? ( Do you go to church , and obey all the rules of the Church ? )
9 Are you honest in your dealings with your fellowmen ?
10 Are you a full-tithe payer ? ( You are required to pay 10 % of your income to the church . It 's not a suggestion . You must do it , or you are not worthy . Oh yeah , and that 's BEFORE Taxes . Let me also mention this is not a typical offering bucket . You have a “ tithing settlement ” at the end of the year to make sure you paid all your tithing for all your income )
11 Do your keep the Word of Wisdom ? ( Do you drink coffee or tea ? Do you smoke or drink ? Yes to any of those ? You 're not worthy to go to the temple )
12 Do you have financial or other obligations to a former spouse or children ? If yes , are you current in meeting those obligations ? ( You owe child support ? You 're not worthy . )
Then after you go to the temple for the first time , you tack on an additional question in all your interviews for going to the temple which is
13 Do you keep the covenants that you made in the temple ? ( I plan to discuss what goes on the temple in a later post . If you want to know more now , here 's a link to a video . A guy snuck into a temple with a small camera on their watch and recorded what happens . You probably wo n't get a Mormon to tell you what actually happens in the temple , so youtube will be your best resource . The video is completely accurate . I experienced all of this on my wedding day . )
Link : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=6udew9axmdM
14 Do you wear the garment both night and day as instructed in the endowment and in accordance with the covenant you made in the temple ? ( I discussed this in my previous post )
15 Have there been any sins or misdeeds in your life that should have been resolved with priesthood authorities but have not been ? ( The question about sin you have n't repented of yet )
16 Do you consider yourself worthy to enter the Lord 's house and participate in temple ordinances ?
Advertisements
Seth Rogen and Saturday Night Live hit it out of the park multiple times this week with a little help from James Franco .
In their opening monologue , Rogen insisted they did n't need to rely on celebrity cameos to make their third time hosting the show a success . Zooey Deschanel , Taylor Swift and Franco promptly showed up anyway .
Rogen also claimed they had pranked Franco by posing as an underage girl online .
`` He seemed unfazed , '' Rogen said , mocking their friend , who apologized last week for chatting with a teenage girl on Instagram .
PHOTOS : 10 Stars You Forgot Were 'SNL ' Castmembers
But Franco really earned their keep in a strange yet poignant sketch about two best friends who happen to be monsters . When one of the monsters has surgery to look like a human , the other monster is left wandering around New York , attempting to find him . ( All humans look alike to monsters . )
SNL mocked CNN and its missing Malaysia Airlines flight coverage with an ad for a CNN pregnancy test . Rather than giving quick results , the test continually blared updates like this one : `` Breaking : Search for pregnancy enters third week . ''
On Weekend Update , Boston Red Sox slugger David Ortiz ( Kenan Thompson ) stopped by to explain the controversial selfie Samsung paid them to take with President Obama . But mostly they just talked about different types of food they had eaten or planned on eating .
PHOTOS : 12 'SNL ' Sketches Made Into Movies
Things got awkward at an engagement party when Rogen 's crass cousin ( Cecily Strong ) crashed the party and revealed they once performed oral sex on a sleeping man , and later Thompson played a 1980s version of Al Sharpton going undercover for a drug sting .
SNL is in reruns next week , but returns May 3 with host Andrew Garfield and musical guest Coldplay .
Email : Aaron.Couch @ THR.com
Twitter : @ AaronCouch
A bipartisan group of lawmakers on Tuesday introduced major reforms to the National Security Agency along with extensions to three expiring provisions of the Patriot Act .
The negotiated legislation from House Judiciary Committee leaders — including Chairman Bob Goodlatte Robert ( Bob ) William GoodlatteIt 's time for Congress to pass an anti-cruelty statute DOJ opinion will help protect kids from dangers of online gambling House GOP probe into FBI , DOJ comes to an end MORE ( R-Va. ) and Sens . Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahySenate plots to avoid fall shutdown brawl Booker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress The Hill 's Morning Report - Can Bernie recapture 2016 magic ? MORE ( D-Vt. ) and Mike Lee Michael ( Mike ) Shumway LeePush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback The Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Trump escalates fight with NY Times MORE ( R-Utah ) — would enact the largest changes to America 's intelligence powers in more than a decade .
“ As several intelligence-gathering programs are set to expire in a month , it is imperative that we reform these programs to protect Americans ' privacy while at the same time protecting our national security , ” Goodlatte said in a joint statement on Tuesday along with the other House authors , Reps. John Conyers ( D-Mich. ) , Jerrold Nadler ( D-N.Y. ) and Jim Sensenbrenner Frank ( Jim ) James SensenbrennerGreedy tort bar tarts up the CREATES Act Congress must take the next steps on federal criminal justice reforms Time to protect small businesses from internet sales tax rush MORE ( R-Wis. ) , the original author of the Patriot Act .
ADVERTISEMENT
As the June 1 deadline for Congress to act on the Patriot Act nears , the effort sets up a battle with lawmakers on both sides of the spying debate .
In June , three provisions of the Patriot Act are set to lapse , including the controversial Section 215 . The NSA has relied on that provision to justify its bulk , warrantless collection of U.S. phone records , which include “ metadata ” about which numbers people call and when , but not the actual content of their conversations .
To prevent those provisions from lapsing , which intelligence officials say would handicap the government 's ability to track terrorists , some lawmakers have sought a way to extend them while also reforming the NSA program .
The new bill , called the USA Freedom Act , would effectively end the NSA 's phone records collection .
Instead , it would require agency officials to obtain the records from private phone companies after securing a court order . It would also add a new panel of experts to the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , allow U.S. tech companies to disclose more about the information they are forced to hand over to the government and impose limits on the FBI 's use of “ national security letters , ” which is one way the government obtains companies ' records .
“ It enhances civil liberties protections , increases transparency for both American businesses and the government , ends the bulk collection of data , and provides national security officials targeted tools to keep America safe from foreign enemies , ” the four House lawmakers said .
In a fact sheet circulated among lawmakers , backers touted the bill as a stronger version of legislation that easily passed the House last year .
While last year 's bill could have allowed for the NSA to request records in categories as large as an entire area code , the new bill narrows that “ specific selection term ” that agents can use for searches . It also gives companies more ways to report about government orders they receive and forces the government to disclose more information .
Last year , a stronger NSA reform bill backed by Leahy and others came just two votes shy of overcoming a procedural hurdle in the Senate , in a major setback for critics of the spy agency .
The new legislation would renew three expiring portions of the Patriot Act until December 2019 .
It 's “ the product of intense and careful negotiations , ” Leahy said in a statement . “ The USA Freedom Act is a path forward that has the support of the administration , privacy groups , the technology industry — and most importantly , the American people . ”
Lawmakers were originally scheduled to both introduce the legislation and move it through the House Judiciary Committee last week . However , concerns from senior Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee forced a delay .
Now that it has apparently received the Intelligence panel 's blessing , however , the legislation could move quickly to the House floor .
The House Judiciary Committee plans to consider it Thursday morning , the panel announced on Tuesday .
Still , it could meet opposition both from hawks concerned about weakening American security and from civil libertarians who oppose reauthorizing the Patriot Act without more sweeping changes .
The American Civil Liberties Union quickly came out against the bill , saying it does not go far enough .
“ The disclosures of the last two years make clear that we need wholesale reform . Congress should let Section 215 sunset as it 's scheduled to , and then it should turn to reforming the other surveillance authorities that have been used to justify bulk collection , ” said Jameel Jaffer , the group 's deputy legal director .
Other civil liberties groups are split over their support .
Last week , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( R-Ky. ) unveiled legislation to reauthorize the law without making any changes .
While critics of the NSA 's powers criticized McConnell 's move , it attracted a fair amount of support among hawkish members of the Republican Party .
Sen. Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller 's investigation MORE ( R-N.C. ) — the head of the Senate Intelligence Committee who co-sponsored McConnell 's bill — said that the effort was largely meant as an opening position ahead of the upcoming legislative fight .
At the other end of the spectrum , they said , was the USA Freedom Act .
— Updated at 3:56 p.m .
“ While the NFL had been publicly proclaiming its role as funder and accelerator of important research , it was privately attempting to influence that research , ” lawmakers said in a report . | AP Photo House Dems : NFL tried to interfere with government study on brain injuries
House Democrats are accusing the NFL of attempting to use donations to influence a major government-backed study on the links between football injuries and brain disease .
A 91-page report , released by House Energy and Commerce Democrats on Monday , claims that NFL officials tried to quietly persuade the National Institutes of Health to yank a $ 16 million research grant for Dr. Robert Stern , a prominent Boston University researcher who has been vocally critical of the league and its approach to the dangers of concussions .
“ While the NFL had been publicly proclaiming its role as funder and accelerator of important research , it was privately attempting to influence that research , ” the lawmakers said in the report .
The money was part of a $ 30 million `` unrestricted '' gift the NFL donated to NIH in 2012 for research on “ serious medical conditions prominent in athletes . ”
Story Continued Below
According to the report , officials from the league were trying to get that money redirected to members of the NFL 's own committee on brain injury research .
Democrats in the report say that when the NIH refused to strip Stern 's grant , the NFL backed off on its deal to pay for the study , leaving taxpayers to pick up the check .
NFL spokesperson Brian McCarthy said the league rejects the allegations laid out in the report , adding that it was the NIH that made the ultimate funding decision , not the NFL .
But they did acknowledge that there were perceived issues with the research . `` There is no dispute that there were concerns raised about both the nature of the study in question and possible conflicts of interest . These concerns were raised for review and consideration through the appropriate channels , '' they said .
The congressional investigation was prompted by an ESPN article in December that first alleged the NFL had backed out of its donation because it objected to the NIH 's selection of Stern .
The NFL has been routinely under scrutiny for its approach to research on football and brain injuries . The New York Times in March reported that the league has been using flawed data on concussions .
After taking a four goal lead in the third period , the Devils looked to have their game against the Sharks won and their six-game road losing streak over .
But the Sharks came roaring back , scoring three goals in 2:46 seconds , and the Devils held on and defeated the San Jose , 4-3 , tonight at HP Pavilion .
Devils center Travis Zajac 's goal at 5:44 of the third period extended the Devils lead to four goals . Jamie Langenbrunner started the play in their own zone , intercepting the puck . They sent a pass to Zach Parise in the neutral zone . Parise carried the puck and sent a pass cross-ice to Zajac . The winger fired a shot from the right circle that beat Sharks goalie Evgeni Nabakov stick side for Zajac 's 20th goal of the season .
Zajac 's goal total equals their career high , which they set last year .
The Sharks answered back , with Devin Setoguchi leading the charge . The right-winger scored their first goal at 8:46 of the period . Joe Thornton passed the puck to Setoguchi , who was left alone in the slot . Setoguchi beat Devils ' goalie Martin Brodeur low on the stick side for the goal .
Setoguchi added their second goal of the period 1:49 seconds later . With Dean McAmmond in the box for tripping , Sharks defenseman Rob Blake fired a shot from the point . The rebound came to the left circle , where Setoguchi beat Brodeur for the goal .
The Sharks brought the lead to one with a Joe Pavelski goal at 11:32 of the period . After Sharks center Manny Malholtra caused a turnover , Pavelski picked up the puck behind the net . The forward came to the front of the net and slide the puck behind Brodeur for their 17th goal of the season .
After a scoreless first period , Devils center Dainius Zubrus scored the first goal 11:13 to give the Devils the lead . Devils defenseman Colin White began the play by causing a turnover in their zone . They passed the puck to Ilya Kovalchuk , who skated the puck to the slot . They backhanded a pass to Patrik Elias , who put on a quick shot from the left circle . Nabakov made the save , but the puck trickled through their pads and laid on the crease . Zubrus crashed the net and pushed the puck in for their sixth goal of the season .
Mark Fraser extended the lead to two goals 35 seconds later . David Clarkson curled at the goal line and sent the puck to defenseman Anssi Salmela . Salmela passed the puck cross-ice to Fraser , who one-timed the shot . The puck deflected off of San Jose 's Scott Nichol and beat Nabakov glove side .
Kovalchuk extended the lead to three with a powerplay goal late in the third . With Malholtra in the box for hooking , Zajac won the faceoff and passed it to Parise . Parise sent the puck to the point , and Kovalchuk skated to the center of the point . They sent a shot on net that deflected off of Sharks defenseman Rob Blake and into the net .
The powerplay goal was the first for Kovalchuk as a Devil .
Brodeur finished with 17 saves in the win . Nabakov stopped 22 pucks in the loss .
With the win , the Devils snapped a six-game road losing streak . They continue their three-game Western road trip Friday in Calgary .
Game Notes :
Clarkson , who returned from a 23 game absence , had an assist in the win . The Devils right-winger also had words with Sharks right-winger Brad Staubitz in the second period , although nothing came from it…Both Langenbrunner and Parise received applause for their silver medal effort in Vancouver…The Sharks remain one of three teams Brodeur has never shut out .
Advertisements
This week Bungie finally took the wraps off of Destiny 2 , the long-awaited sequel to the vast , online sci-fi shooter . We learned a lot : the new Destiny will be more approachable for new players , it 'll make it easier to manage loot , and it will introduce clans and other new social features . Destiny 2 will also feature four brand-new areas to explore — and like the original game , they look gorgeous .
The new game will introduce three new planets , including Titan , Io , and Nessus . They 're joined by Earth , where the action has shifted from Old Russia to an area called the European Dead Zone . Each environment looks to bring something new to the experience . The surface of Titan is completely covered in a vast ocean , for instance , so players will explore abandoned , sinking human settlements surrounded by water . Nessus , meanwhile , is a tiny planetoid completely overrun by the cybernetic Vex .
Players wo n't be able to explore these new worlds until Destiny 2 launches on September 8th ( and possibly a bit later for PC gamers ) . But you can get a taste of what to expect with the screenshots below .
`` Great Britain does not meet the entry criteria for the euro , '' said Lorenzo Bini Smaghi , the ECB 's board member in charge of international affairs .
`` The public deficit will rise to around 6pc ( of GDP ) in 2009 and even higher in 2010 . Sterling 's exchange rate is not yet sufficiently stable , '' they told Italy 's La Repubblica newspaper .
The entry rules impose a deficit ceiling of 3pc of GDP , two years of currency stability , and a public debt limit of 60pc of GDP . The rules were waived for political reasons to let Italy , Belgium and Greece into EMU , but terms are becoming stricter as the ECB seeks to exclude East European states before they are ready .
If anything , Mr Bini Smaghi may have been too kind to Britain . The Treasury expects the deficit to reach £118bn in the 2009 tax year - almost 8pc of GDP - but there are now fears that this will rise even higher than tax revenues collapse . Some analysts have begun to warn that Britain will soon face a deficit of 10pc , the sort of catastrophic levels seen in Latin America in the 1980s .
There is a mounting anger in EU circles over the slide in sterling , seen by some as a deliberate 'beggar-thy-neighour ' policy evoking the Great Depression . `` The 30pc fall in the pound is the biggest devaluation by any country in the single market since it was created in 1957 , '' said one ex-commissioner . `` There is going to be a serious political reaction to this in coming weeks . ''
Sterling makes up a quarter of eurozone 's export basket - equal to the dollar - and Ireland 's exposure is much higher . Irish retailers have been crippled as shoppers flood across the border into Ulster .
But there is also a misunderstanding in Brussels , Paris , and Berlin over British motives - just as there was during the ERM crisis in 1992 . The Bank of England 's main concern has been to cut interest rates to head off a housing collapse and to ease credit strains . While it views the pound 's fall as an added bonus in battling slump , this is a secondary effect .
Countries such France , Germany , and Italy tend to fret more about the exchange rate , and less about the interest rates . They have higher personal savings and lower debts so rate cuts are a mixed blessing for most people .
The pound 's recovery this week from near parity to €1.09 may help blunt criticism . The euro 's Winter rally is petering out as grim data emerges from across Europe . Eurozone producer prices fell 1.9pc in November , the biggest drop since records began in 1990 . Consumer inflation has fallen to 1.6pc , the lowest since the launch of the currency .
The region may be facing deflation by the middle of this year . `` We believe that the ECB will eventually be cutting interest rates as low as 1pc , '' said Howard Archer , Europe economist at Global Insight .
Frankfurt is loathe to follow the US , Japan , Switzerland towards zero rates , fearing that it could `` run out of ammunition '' . It is also wary of emergency stimulus ( quantitative easing ) , in part because this would blur the lines between the ECB and the national treasuries . This is a political minefield . Berlin fears such a precedent could nudge the eurozone towards a debt union , enabling high-debt states to shift liabilities onto German taxpayers .
Mr Bini Smaghi noted with annoyance that Anglo-Saxon commentators now use the term `` PIGS '' to describe the eurozone 's Club Med bloc of Portugal , Italy , Greece , and Spain , which all have large current deficits or public debts .
`` This is not a term that 's used in the euro area . They use it in other countries , perhaps to divert attention from internal problems , '' they said , referring explicitly to the City . They resisted the temptation of deriding Britain as the ultimate PIG .
Mr Bini-Smaghi 's comment is a little unfair . The term ` PIGS ' was first put into play by a German from a eurozone bank in a private client note . It is now widely used by currency traders and analysts from European banks , regardless of nationality . The expression has become linked to London because the City is the global centre for currency trading .
Native English speakers rarely use the term . It is the European press that has had most fun with the `` PIGS '' , unsually in playful pieces hinting at an Anglo-Saxon plot to do down the euro .
Sierra Nevada is now the second biggest craft brewery in America – second to Boston Beer Company – and 7th overall brewery , craft or otherwise . How does one brewery grow to be the second largest in a sea of over 2,500 breweries ? Ken Grossman , founder and president of Sierra Nevada tells the breweries story , and in turn their story , in their new book “ Beyond the Pale : The story of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. ” ( Amazon Book/eBook ) . The publishers were kind enough to send me a copy to review and I 'm sharing my thoughts with you below .
The entire book is pretty easy reading but was , at least to me , not tremendously interesting at times . Especially so in the beginning of the book as Grossman details much of their early life . In a way it sets the stage for the type of person they are , but could 've been edited more thoroughly . Much of the story on the beginning of Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. would best be described as a crash course in Murphy 's Law with almost everything going wrong in some fashion . It 's also a great tail of triumphing over adversity as – despite all the difficulties encountered early on – Sierra Nevada has become one the biggest craft brewers in the country .
A business that makes beer
“ Beyond the Pale ” gets into the grittier side of building a massive business from ingenuity and problem-solving to legal wrangling with disgruntled business partners . All of this could be a bit of a bore to the average craft beer fan but is good advice to business folks or anyone looking to go pro with a few friends . A separate later chapter on business , again unrelated to beer , is all about going green . I 'll keep my thoughts on this short and simply report the amazing fact that Sierra Nevada now produces almost 100 % of it 's own power .
Something Grossman gives quite a bit of attention too , in fact a full chapter , is something that many companies DO N'T do these days . Treat their employees fairly . To say Sierra Nevada treats their employees fairly would be a disservice , Sierra Nevada almost borders on socialist hippy shit . Day care , massages , an on-site doctor , a 10 % 401k match ! Some of these things are extreme but all companies can take a lesson here and learn that treating their employees better will pay off for them in the long run .
What about the beer ?
Getting back to beer related things there is a nice discussion of both the hop and barley markets . I 'd heard about continual problems with the fluctuation of the market with yields varying by year . Grossman also talked about something I 'd never heard before , that Anheuser-Busch had kept a stockpile of hops and then when they merged with InBev that stockpile was reduced and flooded the market . While this may seem like a good thing it was only temporary and served mostly to throw the market into further turmoil .
All said and done there is somewhat of a narrow audience that will get the most value and joy out of this book . I think that audience is the avid Sierra Nevada fan , the craft brewer looking to go pro , the pro brewer looking to take it to the next level , or really any business person in any field .
Two last tidbits
They have a 10 barrel brewhouse just for testing batches and new brewing techniques , that 's the size for most small craft brewers and they spent $ 5 million on it !
Each chapter begins with a quote all of which are good but this one is great and it 's also my single favorite take away from reading this book :
“ I am a firm believer in the people . If given the truth , they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis . The great point is to bring them the real facts , and beer. ” – Abraham Lincoln
Which may not have ever been said by Lincoln , thanks to Blake for pointing that one out , but the book attributed to them so I 'll stick with that attribution for this review .
If I 've enticed you into buying this for yourself or a friend then you can pick it up on Amazon.com currently $ 17 for the Book or $ 12 for the eBook . It should also be available wherever books and ebooks are sold .
FULL DISCLOSURE : I was contacted by the publishing company who was kind enough to hook me up with a free copy . To our readers , and any companies interested in sending me stuff , giving me free stuff impacts the review in only 2 ways . That I WILL review it and that and I WILL write a blog post about it . Giving me free stuff does not guarantee you a favorable review .
Garments for well-dressed Djangonauts
The fundraising campaign for the Django 1.7 release shirt was extremely successful - we sold 665 garments , raising over $ 7000 for the Django Software Foundation . A huge `` Thank you '' to everyone who contributed .
When we originally launched the campaign , it was advertised as a one-time-only offer . However , we received a number of reports that due to some problems with our supplier , some people were unable to place orders . To make sure that everyone who wanted a shirt was able to buy one we 've decided to re-open the campaign for a short time . If you missed out during the first campaign , you can now place your orders for the new campaign .
At the same time , we 're also offering a DjangoCon Europe 2014 shirt . DjangoCon Europe , held on the Île des Embiez in the south of France , was held last week , and was a magnificent event . While attendees received ( and made great use of ! ) a conference hat to ward off the island sun , some attendees were unhappy that there was n't a conference shirt in the swag bag - so , the conference organizers have put together a campaign for a shirt with official DjangoCon Europe artwork .
You have until June 1 to place your order for either shirt . This is absolutely the last time the Django 1.7 shirt will be available for sale , and the only time the DjangoCon Europe shirt will be offered for sale , so do n't miss out !
The Supreme Court 's historic ruling guaranteeing a right to same-sex marriage inspired countless online tributes—many companies added rainbow backgrounds to their logos .
But the most interesting technical innovation was on Twitter . Soon after the ruling was announced , the hashtag # LoveWins began trending nationwide , and anyone who used the hashtag found that there was a rainbow heart embedded after the hashtag . Celebrities , publications and corporations all hopped on the bandwagon :
When I checked Twitter this morning # LoveWins pic.twitter.com/RYsPJKx1F2 — George Takei ( @ GeorgeTakei ) June 26 , 2015
An incredible historic day I will one day tell my grandchildren . Thank you to everyone who fought so hard for this for so long # LoveWins — Meghan McCain ( @ MeghanMcCain ) June 26 , 2015
It looks like the Twitter engineers built the heart into the system after President Obama used the hashtag to show their support for the ruling :
Today is a big step in our march toward equality . Gay and lesbian couples now have the right to marry , just like anyone else . # LoveWins — President Obama ( @ POTUS ) June 26 , 2015
We 've reached out to Twitter for comment , and will update this post if they respond .
UPDATE : Thanks to Observer writer Jordyn Taylor , we discovered that tweeting # Pride will see a rainbow flag embedded in their tweet .
There are many historical figures mentioned in Diamond 's study . Some—such as the philosophers Aristotle , Plato , and Rousseau—are included because of their theories of how societies are formed , which Diamond then refutes . Other people , such as Atahuallpa , the last Incan king , are used as examples of how one society conquered another . Atahuallpa was held captive by Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro , who demanded “ history 's largest ransom ” in gold . After Pizarro received everything they asked for , they killed Atahuallpa anyway . Even though Pizarro had the weaponry to destroy the Incas , through this act , Diamond recounts , Pizarro demoralized the Incas , causing their complete collapse .
Another factor in Pizarro 's victory over the Incas was the use of horses . Even though the Incas outnumbered the Spaniards five hundred to one , the combination of the Spaniards ' guns and soldiers on horses proved lethal . This same advantage was used , Diamond points out , against the Native American people in North America and is the reason behind their all but total collapse . One exception , Diamond writes , was the Sioux ( Lakota ) victory over General George Custer 's U.S. Army battalion at the famous battle of Little Big Horn in 1876 . The reason , however , for the Native American victory was their adoption of technology . “ Thanks to their mastery of horses and rifles , the Plains Indians of North America , the Araucanian Indians of southern Chile , and the Pampas Indians of Argentina fought off invading whites longer than did any other Native Americans , ” Diamond writes .
Other explorers—Christopher Columbus , James Cook ( in the Hawaiian Islands ) , Hernan Cortés ( in Central America ) , and Hernando de Soto ( in North America ) —are briefly mentioned , as are the catastrophic effects they had on the societies they encountered . Also included in Diamond 's discussions are important inventers , such as Thomas Edison ( phonograph ) , Johannes Gutenberg ...
A man who shot more than 30 rounds at deputies during a domestic dispute shot and killed their mother 's fiance , the Pinellas County Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday .
Jeffrey Falsey taken into custody Wednesday
Deputies said they shot more than 30 rounds at them
Investigators said Falsey had fatally shot their mother 's fiance
Deputies were called out to a home on 80th Way and 54th Avenue North at about 9 a.m. over a domestic dispute .
They said Jeffrey Falsey 's mother called 911 because they got angry when their mom would n't get donuts .
`` First thing this morning , I heard two gunshots , '' said neighbor Mitchell Robins . `` So , I came out and about two minutes later the Sheriff 's Department came rolling in . Then I heard several more gunshots . ''
As deputies arrived at the scene , they said Falsey 's mother was leaving the home , and Falsey was standing in the doorway . They called out to deputies to `` come on in . ''
Without warning , Falsey began to shoot at deputies , they said .
Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri said during a news conference that as the officers began to retreat behind their patrol vehicles , Falsey was tracking the deputies ' movements .
Gualtieri said one deputy -- Michael Ficocelli -- was shot in the back of the leg as they tried to get their gun from their vehicle . Ficocelli is expected to be OK .
Gualtieri said Falsey shot at least 30 rounds at the deputies .
After Falsey was taken into custody , investigators said they had shot and killed their mother 's fiance with a shotgun to the forehead .
According to officials , Falsey has a history of mental health issues and a volatile relationship with their mother , with whom they live at the home on 80th Way .
`` We have somebody that has very significant mental health issues , a history of domestic violence , a history of not getting along with their mother , '' Gualtieri said . `` He 's been charged with domestic battery , he 's out on bond , he 's acquired a significant amount of firearms and they went off today over donuts . Something as silly and stupid as donuts . ''
They said Falsey did n't like their mother 's fiance because they are a registered sex offender .
Gualtieri said Falsey has an arsenal of weapons inside the home , which were given to them by their father .
The sheriff said their team had to be cautious because `` otherwise they would have been ambushed . ''
`` There 's no question about it because they had nothing on their mind other than killing people and making carnage , Gualtieri said `` And if the deputies would 've opened the door and walked in they would have gotten blasted . ''
The Melbourne Rebels are confident their future as a Super Rugby team is all but secured , with the Victorian Rugby Union confirming it now controls all shares in the Melbourne Rebels .
As RUGBY.com.au reported on Friday night , Imperium Sports Management Managing Director Andrew Cox transferred the shares to the Victorian governing body for $ 1 .
That secures the future of the organisation and will no doubt create serious headaches for the ARU , should arbitration with the Force conducted last week come back with a decision in the WA franchise 's favour .
In a statement issued on Sunday afternoon , Cox said they were excited to secure the future of the Super Rugby club that their organisation purchased in July 2015 .
“ It 's exciting for the Melbourne Rebels and local rugby that , with the VRU , we 've been able to secure the future of the Super Rugby club , ” Cox said .
“ Importantly this will strengthen the player pathway for aspiring talented Victorian players . We acknowledge the work of Tim North , President of the VRU and the VRU Board .
“ After two rewarding , productive , and at times challenging seasons , Imperium Sports Management is pleased to hand over control of the Melbourne Rebels to ensure their future is in the hands of the Victorian Rugby community .
“ We are pleased that this secures the future of the Melbourne Rebels in Melbourne. ” - VRU president Tim North .
Rebels CEO Baden Stephenson thanked Cox and ISM for their work during “ this incredibly challenging period ” .
“ The contribution of Imperium Sports Management , led by Andrew , to the Melbourne Rebels and Victorian rugby over the last two years ca n't be underestimated , ” Stephenson said .
“ During this incredibly challenging period , we 've worked closely with Andrew and the Imperium team to ensure that we have built a strong squad for 2018 with the re-signing and recruitment of some great players to deliver the club some much-deserved success . ”
An interim board has been established as the organisation prepares to appoint a fulltime board ahead of the 2018 season .
Hey Xbox Gamers ,
November 15th , 2001 is a day I 'll never forget as a video game fan . It was the launch of the Original Xbox . Now , nearly 15 years later I ca n't help but reflect on the amazing memories that I 'll always cherish . From the first time I took control of a Warthog in Halo , to the moment I witnessed the magic of Xbox Live connect me to gamers all over the world , it has been an incredible ride that continues to delight . I remember begging my dad to get me an original Xbox at the age of 10 , then getting a part time job just to buy an Xbox 360 , followed by standing in the freezing cold awaiting the launch of the Xbox One as an adult . Everyone has a story and what makes Xbox special to everyone , is different
If you 'd like to share with us your thoughts on the 15th Anniversary of Xbox , we 'd love to see it . Here 's how you can :
·Tweet out a 10-15 second video wishing Xbox a Happy 15th Anniversary and/or what makes Xbox special to you using the hashtag # XboxAmbassadors
We know Xbox would n't be where it is today without this community so we ca n't wait to hear from you !
Your Fellow Gamer ,
Mister EDG3
Xbox Ambassadors Program
Trump And India 's Modi Share Similarities , But A Host Of Issues Divides Them
Enlarge this image toggle caption Evan Vucci/AP Evan Vucci/AP
As India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in the U.S. over the weekend , President Trump tweeted a warm welcome , calling the Indian leader `` a true friend . '' The two are meeting for the first time at the White House Monday afternoon , Modi having arrived for a brief , two-day call — not a state visit , but a working one .
Perhaps that 's fitting , as there is so much in the relationship to work on .
A host of issues now divides the two leaders , including the Paris climate change agreement , which Modi supports and Trump rejects , and the treatment of Iran as a pariah state , which Trump supports and Modi rejects . India wants the U.S. to ensure visas for its skilled workers , including IT engineers . But Trump says the visas have been misused and undermine jobs for Americans .
Perhaps the most important outcome of their meeting will be putting to rest the notion that the U.S.-India relationship is adrift .
Maya Mirchandani , a senior fellow at the Observer Research Foundation , a New Delhi think tank , says the fact it has taken until now for Trump to sit down with Modi has prompted anxiety in India that New Delhi is no longer a priority in the Oval Office .
`` We have seen both President Bush and President Obama give India a sense of primacy that 's been missing in the last six months , '' Mirchandani said . `` That 's something [ both sides ] might hope to correct . ''
Sounding a reassuring note , a senior White House official who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity said the Trump administration is interested in maintaining the same `` strategic partnership '' India enjoyed under the Obama administration , when the reserved Obama and the more casual Modi hit it off so well they were dubbed the `` odd couple . ''
But the Trump administration has yet to articulate an overall South Asia policy . There is no U.S. ambassador in New Delhi ( though White House aide Kenneth Juster is reported as a likely candidate to fill the slot ) and no assistant secretary is in place for South Asian affairs at the State Department — diplomatic absences that can not help but cause even more unease in New Delhi .
Defense ties are strengthening , though , as the U.S. is poised to sell more arms to India . In the last decade , it 's sold $ 15 billion worth of weaponry to New Delhi , according to the senior White House official who briefed reporters on the visit . Modernizing India 's defenses will strengthen both countries , they said . The same could be said for the thousands of Indians studying in the United States , whose talents can benefit both countries .
Modi has called India 's relationship with the U.S. `` multi-layered and diverse , '' noting it extends well beyond government-to-government , and said they looked forward to an `` in-depth exchange of views '' with President Trump to `` consolidate '' the `` wide-ranging partnership . ''
But the Indian leader 's visit comes at an inopportune time , as the president and their team are distracted by domestic political and legal challenges .
The voluble Modi will be in listening mode , says Shyam Saran , India 's former foreign secretary — eager to hear the president 's world view , especially on China , and where India fits into Trump 's evolving Asia policy .
Trump already `` has had a very important meeting with the Chinese President Xi Jinping . What is their sense of how China-U.S. relations will develop ? '' asks Saran . `` We also see the need for there being a role for India to perform , '' they add . `` After all , we have a certain interest , common interest , in having a more balanced architecture in the Asia-Pacific region . ''
Modi will also be keen to know more about Trump 's policy in the Middle East , especially in the wake of recent Saudi and Gulf state moves against Qatar for its alleged support of terrorists . With millions of Indian citizens working in Gulf countries , India watches developments like this with alarm .
In the thicket of diplomacy , Modi must also to try to grasp an unpredictable U.S. president who derides China as a `` currency manipulator '' one day , but later calls President Xi `` a great guy . ''
`` What is really disconcerting in New Delhi is what you get on Monday is not necessarily what you get on Tuesday , '' says Milan Vaishnav , a senior associate with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington , D.C. `` This kind of 180-degree turn is very concerning to India . ''
Vaishnav says Modi 's priorities include making progress on proposed new U.S. visa restrictions that could affect the status of India 's skilled workers — and correct the record on climate change . When President Trump pulled out of the Paris climate agreement , they said India had predicated its participation on receiving `` billions and billions and billions of dollars of foreign aid , '' a remark that incensed New Delhi , where leaders said it was patently untrue .
The competing visions of the two leaders — both inspired by nationalist impulses — may be the most significant hurdle for smooth relations . The two men rose to office by appealing to majorities who felt persecuted or overlooked — fundamentalist Hindus in Modi 's case , and aggrieved white voters in Trump 's . Modi wants to turn India into a manufacturing powerhouse and enlist American businesses to create jobs that would lift millions of Indians from poverty . Trump wants to keep American businesses and jobs at home .
While both men are pragmatic deal-makers , Vaishnav wonders whether Trump 's `` America First '' policy can be flexible enough to accommodate India and its need to grow .
`` I think we 've now come to a fork in the road , and it 's not clear which way we are going to go , '' they say .
For all their differences , though , Trump and Modi share key traits : They positioned themselves as outsiders and rose to the pinnacle of an insider 's game . They brook no criticism and believe in personal diplomacy . Both are large personalities with a penchant for surprise and a deep disdain for the media — unless they 're using it to further their own ends .
Trump and Modi are the two elected leaders with the most followers on Twitter , and both leapfrogged over the mainstream media in their rise to power .
Mirchandani expects this is one area in which the two will find common ground .
`` They will certainly see eye to eye , '' they say , `` on making a mockery of the media . ''
SAN FRANCISCO—NASA 's Curiosity rover team reported on Tuesday surprising spikes in methane gas , raising the possibility of microbial alien life on the red planet .
On Earth , most methane , better known as natural gas , is released by microbes that belch out the gas as they digest food . The rover mission scientists hedge the new results carefully , saying there 's no way to tell whether the methane spikes have a geological or biological origin .
`` It is a very , very puzzling result , '' says planetary scientist Joel Levine of the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg , Virginia , who was not part of the study team . `` Either Mars is geologically alive , which would be surprising , or Mars is biologically alive , which would have profound implications . ''
Decades of up-and-down measurements of methane in the Martian atmosphere have intrigued scientists hunting for signs of life on Mars . So when Curiosity first recorded a sudden tenfold increase in methane in November 2013 , scientists were startled . ( Read `` Field Trip on Mars '' in National Geographic magazine . )
`` It was an 'oh , my gosh ' moment , '' said planetary scientist Christopher Webster of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , who led the study team . Reported in the journal Science and presented Tuesday at the American Geophysical Union meeting , the spikes , they said , `` disappeared only six weeks later . ''
Curiosity went on to record a total of four sharp jumps in methane concentrations in the Martian air during its travels . The pulses lasted only a few weeks and lingered over a small area , roughly 2,625 feet ( 800 meters ) of the rover 's path . That points to a local , concentrated vent as the origin of the releases , says team scientist Sushil Atreya of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor , most likely to the north of the rover inside Gale Crater .
Biological explanations aside , interactions between water and rock could produce methane , as could sunlight cooking off meteorite debris on the Martian surface , the Curiosity team cautions . But the scientists leave the possibility open that microbes could be the methane 's origin .
`` As to biological versus geological , we are really not in a position from these data to say what the origin is , '' says Atreya .
View Images The Curiosity rover has explored Gale Crater ( above ) and will spend the next one to three years ascending Mount Sharp , an eroded mountain in the crater 's center . ( Circle indicates the rover 's landing site . ) Photograph by NASA/JPL-Caltech/ASU
Methane Mystery
The discovery is puzzling even apart from the possibility of microbes on Mars .
Previous estimates suggested that methane delivered by meteorite impacts on the planet 's surface , or otherwise released there , should linger in the atmosphere for 300 years . Instead , Curiosity found , the gas vanished within weeks .
Another puzzle : The background amount of methane in the thin Martian air was about half the level expected based on past telescope and spacecraft measurements .
Despite caution by the rover mission scientists , some experts outside the team voiced more optimism for someday finding microbes on Mars . As evidence against a geologic origin for the methane spikes , Mars has been volcanically dead for at least the past few million years , notes geophysicist Vladimir Krasnopolsky of the Catholic University of America in Washington , D.C .
In their view , `` methanogenic [ methane producing ] bacteria are the most plausible source of methane on Mars . ''
Levine similarly said they would `` put my money '' on Martian microbes as the source of the methane spikes , though they place that bet cautiously .
But Atreya says that even if the methane spikes came from microbes , that does n't mean any are alive on Mars now . Methane produced long in the past by microbes or rocks might have been preserved under the surface of Mars for `` billions of years , '' they say , in frozen deposits called clathrates . Those might have slowly surfaced and released the gas as Mars eroded in dust storms . ( Learn more about the history of mystery objects on Mars . )
Long Roads Ahead
NASA delivered the rover to Mars in 2012 , in a thrilling `` Seven Minutes of Terror '' descent from a rocket-powered crane . Inside the 96-mile-wide ( 155 kilometers ) Gale Crater , the rover has sought to find out whether past chemistry on the desert planet once could , or might still , support life .
Along with the methane spikes , the mission scientists reported tentative signs of organic chemicals , simple building blocks of more complex biological molecules , in a sample of clay rocks taken by the rover .
The rover is in good health , the team said , and will continue to ascend Mount Sharp , an eroded mountain in the center of the crater , for the next one to three years , looking for more signs of organic chemistry in rock layers .
If the rover lucked out , a sufficiently large plume of methane might permit its instruments to distinguish whether carbon atoms in the outburst bore a chemical signature consistent with life on Earth .
But Curiosity rover team science chief John Grotzinger of Caltech warned that Curiosity 's search for life on Mars will likely always give `` ambiguous '' results , given the difficulty of making scientific measurements on the red planet . ( Related : `` Mars Curiosity Milestone : Top 5 First-Year Discoveries . '' )
`` We 're just going to have to respect that possibility [ of life ] , '' Grotzinger says , and keep exploring on Mars .
Image copyright AP Image caption US and Iranian foreign ministers were key to the nuclear deal negotiations
An Iranian man has been arrested on suspicion of informing about Iran 's nuclear deal with the West .
A judiciary spokesperson described the unidentified man as a `` spy who had infiltrated the nuclear team '' .
The man was held for several days , Gholamhosein Mohseni Ejehi said , before being released on bail .
Last year 's nuclear deal was widely celebrated in Iran and internationally , but some Iranian hardliners saw it as a capitulation to the US .
The deal with the US , UK , China , France , Germany and Russia resulted in the lifting of sanctions against Iran imposed over its nuclear programme .
Economic 'spy '
No details have been given about the arrest and it remains unclear on whether it is the same case as the one reported on Wednesday by semi-official Iranian news agency Tabnak .
It said that Abdolrasoul Dorri Esfahani , a dual-national in charge of banking issues during the two-year negotiations , was arrested for `` selling the country 's economic details to foreigners '' .
But Mr Dorri Esfahani later gave an interview with Tabnak in which they dismissed the reports as `` ridiculous '' .
They were a member of a parallel team working on lifting economic sanctions , under one of the main negotiators for the deal , Iranian media reported .
Tehran prosecutor Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi said last week that the suspect was `` active in the field of the Iranian economy , and was linked to the British espionage service '' .
Unconfirmed reports in Iranian media linked the detained man with US and British intelligence .
At the heart of a stunning 50-acre estate by the banks of the river Deveron in Aberdeenshire sits the granite-clad Victorian mansion Blairmore House , home to four generations of the prime minister 's family .
Built in the 1880s by Alex Geddes , a Scotsman who became known as the Chicago grain king , the estate holds decades of David Cameron 's family history . The union of the Geddes and Cameron families was celebrated in the grounds in 1905 , and the nearby chapel remembers forebears killed in the first world war . David 's father , Ian Donald Cameron , was born in 1932 at Blairmore House . But soon after that , the old place was sold .
So it was perhaps for sentimental reasons that the offshore fund Ian Cameron helped to establish in the tax haven of Panama shares the name . Blairmore Holdings Inc , just like Blairmore House , is a monument to wealth obtained overseas .
Valued today at £25m , the Panamanian fund was established in 1982 while David was still at Eton , the school that their father attended . At the time , Ian Cameron still worked at Panmure Gordon , the City broking firm at which three generations of the family were senior partners .
The family 's banking history goes back even further , to the 1860s , when Sir Ewen Cameron joined the industry . They later helped the Rothschild banking dynasty sell war bonds during the Russo-Japanese war . While at Panmure Gordon , Ian was a bond specialist too , showing determination to overcome their physical disability – they were born with deformed legs – and make partner at the firm by the age of 30 .
What little we know of the historic activities of Blairmore Holdings comes from a shareholders ' prospectus issued in 2006 , less than a year after David Cameron became leader of the opposition .
The prospectus , designed to attract investors with a licence to take risks , notes that Ian Cameron , a director of the company , `` was instrumental in the formation of Blairmore Holdings Inc '' and explains that the fund is designed to `` provide investors with steady long-term capital growth over and above the global rate of inflation '' .
It states : `` The affairs of the fund should be managed and conducted so that it does not become resident in the United Kingdom for UK taxation purposes . ''
Explaining that the firm has access to banking services in Panama as well as auditors and trading offices in the Bahamas , Blairmore Holdings was certainly keen to convince investors that the business would be beyond the reach of Them Majesty 's Revenue & Customs .
In recent months , the role of Britain 's tax inspectors has come under renewed scrutiny . On Wednesday , David Cameron raised the subject again , telling parliament : `` We have increased staffing at HMRC to ensure that we crack down on tax avoidance . ''
They then put pressure on the opposition to condemn Ken Livingstone for their tax affairs : `` The man whom they are putting forward to be mayor of London has set up a company to funnel all this money into and is potentially paying a lower tax rate than the people who would work for them at the GLA . It is completely disgraceful . ''
There is no suggestion that Ian Cameron used their Panamanian investment fund to evade income tax , but the political debate around tax avoidance so far has focused only on individuals – not businesses like Blairmore that operate outside the tax jurisdiction of the largest world economies .
Before their death in 2010 , Ian Cameron was intimately involved in several such companies : Blairmore Holdings , located in Panama ; Blairmore Asset Management , a short-lived fund located in Geneva ; and Close International , a Jersey-based investment vehicle founded in 1979 . Of the countries in which the businesses were based , only Jersey has acceded to the requirements of the OECD global transparency tax standard .
All three businesses were operated by a clutch of British directors , who followed Ian Cameron from Panmure Gordon to Smith & Williamson , and who also found their clients among the British establishment .
Both Close International and Blairmore Holdings are listed in accounts of a clutch of Church of England charities and family trusts whose funds are managed by Smith & Williamson , among them an `` educational charity '' managed on behalf of Conservative peer Lord Vinson which donated to right-leaning thinktanks .
Of the three firms in which the prime minister 's father was involved , Blairmore Holdings appears to be the largest and most successful . For their role as senior director , Ian Cameron was paid $ 20,000 ( £12,400 ) a year . Due to the opaque nature of Panama 's company records , it is impossible to know the full extent of their earnings from the fund , the size of their shareholding or what happened to the shares after their death .
What is certain is that the prime minister , who once described themselves as the `` heir to Blair '' , was not the heir to Blairmore .
On their father 's death in October 2010 , David Cameron inherited £300,000 in cash – just under the inheritance tax threshold at that time – while their two sisters split the proceeds of Ian Cameron 's £1m Kensington mews house between them . In 2006 , their elder brother , Alexander , a QC , moved into the £2.5m family home in Berkshire while the prime minister 's parents downsized to the cottage next door .
In total , Ian Cameron left an estate of £2.7m but , under normal probate law , if there were assets outside England and Wales they would have to be administered in the territories in which they are registered . This leaves questions about the extent of Ian Cameron 's offshore investments unanswered by the will .
Blairmore Holdings , meanwhile , continues to go from strength to strength . According to the company 's own listing with the Financial Times , the value of the fund 's investments has increased by 8.5 % in the last three years .
The Blairmore legacy Ian Cameron left is unlike that of their forebears – it 's not in the rolling hills of Scotland , but in a glass and steel office block in Panama City .
Additional reporting by John Burn-Murdoch
• This article was amended on 24 April 2012 . The original said the family 's banking history went back to the 1860s , when Sir Ewen Cameron helped the Rothschild banking dynasty sell war bonds during the Russo-Japanese war . They joined the banking industry in the 1860s and helped sell war bonds after the Russo-Japanese war began in 1904 . This has been corrected .
If polling counts for anything , Donald Trump and the Bruins have a lot of catching up to do .
The Trump dump you know about : The Republican presidential nominee is behind in all the polls . ( Yes , I 've opened myself up to a rebuke from Trump consigliere Michael Cohen , who might be screaming “ Says who ? ” this very moment . )
But at least Trump is getting somewhere in the neighborhood of 39 percent in the polls . The Bruins could only hope for those numbers . According to the latest New England Sports Survey , the management of our National Hockey League franchise has been all but kicked to the curb by area sports consumers .
I have no intention of using this column to take any cheap shots at the Bruins . I happen to enjoy watching the B 's , and their players generally mesh well with the community .
But facts are facts . And it 's a fact the Bruins have now gone two consecutive seasons without qualifying for the Stanley Cup playoffs . It 's also a fact many of the 14,600-plus respondents to the New England Sports Survey , conducted by Channel Media and Market Research , Inc. , are not happy about it .
Before continuing , however , some good news for the Bruins : They finished in third place when respondents were asked to identify their “ favorite sports team , ” earning 16 percent of the total . The Patriots were tops at 49 percent , followed by the Red Sox with 26 percent . The ever-building Celtics landed behind the Bruins , with only 8 percent , and the Revolution were relegated to their annual role as the Green Party candidate with 1 percent .
But then things get really , really bad for the Bruins .
As to ranking “ ownership performance ” during the past year , the Bruins ' Jeremy Jacobs received only 2 percent , finishing dead last behind the ownerships of the Pats ( 67 percent ) , Sox ( 19 percent ) , the C 's ( 8 percent ) , and even the Revolution ( 4 percent ) . What 's even more damning is that as recently as 2013 , when the Bruins made it to the Stanley Cup finals , their “ ownership performance ” pulled in 27 percent .
Under “ leadership performance , ” Pats coach Bill Belichick topped out at 70 percent . At the bottom was B 's president Cam Neely with only 2 percent , tied with the Revolution .
Under “ coaches/managers most admired , ” Belichick led the field with 66 percent , followed by Brad Stevens of the Celtics ( 20 percent ) . Claude Julien of the Bruins and Jay Heaps of the Revolution each garnered 5 percent , and Red Sox manager John Farrell received only 4 percent , down from 25 percent in 2013 , providing further proof that New England sports fans clearly are thinking , “ What have you done for me lately ? ”
Management performance ? It 's Belichick topping out at 85 percent , with Neely third at 16 percent , down from 49 percent as recently as 2014 .
Asked to rate management performance on a scale of one ( poor ) to seven ( excellent ) , only 5 percent of respondents marked Neely excellent . Belichick was at 52 percent .
In the past year , which team has done the best job making its product better ? The Pats ( 35 percent ) and Sox ( 31 percent ) were at the top , with the Celtics ( 27 percent ) finishing a respectable third . The Bruins came in at just 4 percent .
And the killer : In the past year , do you believe ( insert team ) has changed for the better ? A whopping 80 percent believe the Celtics are getting better , followed by the Red Sox ( 71 percent ) , Pats ( 50 percent ) , Revolution ( 42 percent ) . . . and the Bruins ( 13 percent ) . And 52 percent believe the Bruins are changing for the worse .
Asked if they could only follow one of the four teams , the fan response was as follows :
Patriots — 48 percent
Red Sox — 26 percent
Bruins — 16 percent
Celtics — 8 percent
Revolution — 2 percent
As recently as 2012 , the Bruins were at only 13 percent though still third in a five-team field . I 'm no pollster , but I see this as good news for the Bruins since it shows interest is on the rise . It 's the quality of the product with which people have issues .
Which brings us to the bottom line : Which team has the best chance of winning a championship ?
Patriots — 79 percent
Red Sox — 11 percent
Celtics — 5 percent
Bruins — 3 percent
Revolution — 2 percent
In this case , it 's not so much , “ What have you done for me lately ? ” It 's , “ What are you going to do next ? ”
It 's only a poll . Polls are n't always accurate . Who had Truman beating Dewey in the 1948 presidential election ? Who had the Sox winning the World Series in 2013 ?
But the Bruins have a lot of work to do .
And that 's not me talking . That 's the customers .
What is the best way to deal with those that urinate on the walls ? In case you happen to be tech savvy like the community of Saint Pauli , you make good use of science to get back at such nuisances . To be more precise , you can use hydrophobic paint that can make pee bounce off . Just so that you know , St Pauli is a red-light district in Hamburg , a city in Germany .
The authorities in the city have sprayed the walls in the city with hydrophobic paint . Such category of paints repels liquids to such an extent that the liquid bounces right off the surface of the painted wall . What does that mean ? Simply , try peeing on those walls and the walls will throw all that pee right back at you with a vengeance .
The video clearly depicts how strongly this kind of paint resists liquids . Any one who even dares to pee on these walls only asks for their pee to be bounced back onto their own shoes . Why wait for the hereafter when you can get payback in this world with such neat tricks ? The local authorities believe that this would not only spread the message that walls are not meant to be peed on but also ensure that the area continues to look as well as smell pleasant .
The only major disadvantage of the hydrophobic paint is its cost . The organisers state that painting a six square metre zone costs A $ 700 . However , the counterargument is that cleaning costs that would otherwise be incurred quite easily balance out that expensive cost of the paint . Authorities hope that a measure such as this would be sufficient to convince drunk men and women to use toilets rather than doing their thing out in the open against a wall .
The Can cofounder was found dead in their apartment in Weilerswist , Germany .
Ca n't think of anything coherent to say , particularly on Twitter , dearest Mr Czukay , you 'll be missed so much . Hilarious genius . — Mute ( @ MuteUK ) September 5 , 2017
“ Inability is often the mother of restriction , and restriction is the great mother of inventive performance . ”
— Holger Czukay # riplegend pic.twitter.com/Fqe5szR4m2 — Ghostly ( @ ghostly ) September 5 , 2017
Rip Holger Czukay
of to the massive jam in the sky .... pic.twitter.com/xSZxmKsn9V — Geoff Barrow ( @ jetfury ) September 5 , 2017
Holger Czukay has died.The legendary musician was found dead today in their Weilerswist home , a former cinema that is also the site of Can 's fabled Inner Space Studio . As Cologne newspaper Express reports , construction workers laboring at the complex had not spotted them for a few days , and a neighbor eventually found them lifeless in their apartment . A surgeon was called to the apartment and declared Czukay 's death , the cause of which has not been made public . Their death follows the passing of their wife , Ursula , who died July 28th , their 55th birthday.Born in Poland in 1938 , Czukay studied under Karlheinz Stockhausen in the '60s before starting Can alongside Irmin Schmidt in 1968 . They played bass guitar and performed most of the engineering for the influential group , whose run includes defining Krautrock albumsand . Their post-Can career had them collaborating with the likes of Conny Plank , David Sylvian , Jah Wobble and The Edge , among others , and he 's also known for solo tunes like `` Cool In The Pool '' and `` Persian Love . `` His passing follows the death of Can drummer Jaki Liebezeit earlier this year.Listen to Can 's `` Bel Air . `` Artists and labels from across the electronic music spectrum have paid tribute to Czukay on social media .
We all suffer , and we often wonder why we suffer . We yearn to find meaning in—or despite—the evils that assail us . Everyone does this , whether they believe in one God , no god , many gods , or claim ignorance on the matter . Christians are compelled to give a meaningful and rational explanation for God , good , and evil ( 1 Pet . 3:15 ) . Those enlisted in this noble cause include intellectual giants such as Augustine , Aquinas , Pascal , Jonathan Edwards , C. S. Lewis , and Alvin Plantinga . Now Dinesh D'Souza bids to join their august ranks—and even to outshine them .
D'Souza , president of the King 's College in New York City , made their name as a conservative public policy analyst . In recent years , however , they have also written books on Christian apologetics and has debated well-known atheists such as Christopher Hitchens and Peter Singer . Their latest offering is Godforsaken : Bad Things Happen . Is there a God who cares ? Yes . Here 's proof ( Tyndale ) . In it , D'Souza tackles the perennially vexing problem of evil .
From Epicurus to David Hume to Hitchens , unbelievers have denied that one can rationally believe in a God who is both all-good and all-powerful , given the amount and variety of evil in the world . If God were good , they would want to eliminate evil ; if they were all-powerful , they could eliminate evil . Yet evil exists . Therefore , the atheist concludes that the God of traditional theism does not exist . The burden of the Christian apologist is to reconcile the fact of evil with the reality of God , without committing intellectual suicide .
Tackling this topic is a tall order for a short book written by a non-philosopher . I respect much of D'Souza 's political analysis . However , concerning apologetics—despite ...
1
Two women in Iran have crashed their car while taking a video selfie behind the wheel .
The pair , who were singing to an Iranian pop song called 'Ghorboni ' by Saeed Shayesteh , decided it was a good idea two whips out a mobile phone and record their musical endeavour .
The video shows a blonde girl holding the camera while filming themselves and their driver friend , who even takes their eyes off the road and hands off the wheel to incorporate some dance moves .
The singalong ends abrupty as the girls scream and the car can be heard colliding with an object .
Fortunately , the pair escaped with minor injuries , but appear not to have learnt their lesson to leave their phones in their pocket . Shortly after being treated in hospital the women posted this photo on Facebook of themselves posing in bandages and flashing `` peace '' signs .
Facebook / Seher Nac
In fighting that erupted on January 3 , the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) , an international jihadi group led by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , has been driven from several of its strongholds in northern Syria by rival rebel factions . Some ISIL fighters have been killed . Many others have been captured or forced to flee , defect , or hand over their headquarters to the Nusra Front , a closely related al-Qaeda faction that is not part of the fighting .
For background , this piece on Joshua Landis 's Syria Comment provides a very useful overview , with maps and translations of important rebel statements .
Syrian Sahwa or Extremist Invasion ?
Naturally , the two sides provide very different explanations for why this is happening . The ISIL claims to be subject to “ a very big conspiracy , ” timed for the upcoming Geneva II peace conference . It compares its enemies in Aleppo to the U.S.-backed Awakening ( or Sahwa ) Movement in Iraq , a security force designed to combat the rise of Islamist terrorism in Iraq that in 2006 took up arms against the ISIL 's predecessor , the Islamic State of Iraq : “ May what happened to your peers in Iraq be a lesson to you ; for where are now the factions that fought the Islamic State ? ”
The ISIL 's enemies see the events of the weekend as a popular uprising and a long-due reckoning with Baghdadi 's overbearing foreign extremists . A rebel commander in Aleppo says that this is the culmination of six months of cold war in which the anti-ISIL factions had until now been too weak to act . They accuse the ISIL of tarnishing the revolution against the Syrian regime by “ attacking Christians and Ismailis. ” They also say the ISIL “ went into northern Latakia and killed everyone and abducted women and children . . . . I took up arms to stand against fighters who want to kill me and kill my family . I did n't rise up to kill children and the innocent . ”
There 's no reason to doubt their sincerity , but portraying the events of the weekend as a spontaneous uprising seems misleading . There are clear signs that at least some preparations had been made for this sudden offensive against the ISIL , although the group 's spectacularly poor relations with other rebels—a self-inflicted problem—made it a much easier target when the hour struck .
Months of Growing Conflict
The fighting started at once in several areas as activists across Syria demonstrated against the murder of Abu Rayyan , a commander from the opposition Salafi Ahrar al-Sham militia who had been tortured and killed by the ISIL . But the death of Abu Rayyan was only the last straw in a series of provocations and abuses by the ISIL .
The ISIL had already begun to seize territory from other fighters by last summer , soon after it finalized its split from the Nusra Front . At first , these clashes were scattered occurrences , but by autumn Baghdadi 's fighters had overreached by seizing the border town of Azaz and picking fights with fellow rebels all across northern Syria . At that point , even the large Islamist factions began to show their frustration and issued public rebukes to the group , which were very mildly worded at first .
While not every conflict was provoked by the ISIL , the group made few attempts to explain its position in public . Instead , it simply kept pushing other rebels on the ground and refused almost every proposal for arbitration and compromise . The ISIL 's intransigence finally managed to alienate even a large and essentially sympathetic Salafi faction that included Ahrar al-Sham , which had long warned that there must be no conflicts among the rebels .
After the formation of the Islamic Front in November , a coalition in which Ahrar al-Sham joined other big Islamist factions like the Tawhid Brigade and the strongly anti-ISIL Army of Islam , Baghdadi 's supporters began to speak of a Saudi-backed conspiracy on the model of the Iraqi Awakening Movement . This was followed by intensified conflict between the ISIL and other factions . Baghdadi 's men were blamed for a string of attacks on Islamic Front members and even for clashing with their fellow Salafi-jihadis in the Nusra Front .
After an ugly feud with Ahrar al-Sham in the eastern Aleppan town of Maskana in December , the conflict was more or less out in the open . Ahrar al-Sham 's leader Hassan Abboud ( who is also the Islamic Front 's political chief ) was still attempting to keep a civil tone , but then came the gruesome death of Abu Rayyan . “ I do n't know which religion it is that ordains the killing of kidnapped mujahideen and revolutionaries , ” snapped Abboud .
A New Wave of Non-Jihadi Consolidation
Meanwhile , all through the autumn and winter , several new rebel coalitions emerged that all excluded the jihadis . Although it is considered bad taste for participants to point this out , some of these gatherings appear to have been set up at least partly in reaction to the growing pressure from the ISIL . In other cases , they were intended either to delegitimize the Western-backed National Coalition for the Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces and its new government-in-exile or as retaliation for the Geneva II peace process . And in yet other cases , these meetings and alliances may have followed a purely military logic .
But whatever the minute explanations , the real and underlying driving force behind these new coalitions , ad hoc gatherings , and mergers appears to have been a wave of encouragement and pressure from foreign funders such as Saudi Arabia , Qatar , and various private Kuwaiti Islamist sponsors .
The Gulf-led attempt at reorganizing the revolution may have come in response to the Russian-American deal that provided for Syria 's complete chemical disarmament in September , which was concluded over the objections of Saudi Arabia and other advocates of U.S. involvement on the rebel side .
Non-Jihadi Pacts Concluded Since September
Although it happened in fits and starts , this process soon gave birth to several new military and political structures . Although some of them overlap or have succeeded each other , the end result has been a significant restructuring of the Syrian rebel landscape .
Among the more prominent structures and unity declarations of the past few months are the Army of Islam ( located mainly in Damascus and declared on September 30 ) , the Amjad al-Sham Gathering ( Damascus ; October 4 ) , the Greater Damascus Operations Room ( Damascus ; November 6 ) , the Islamic Front ( nationwide ; November 22 ) , the Ajnad al-Sham Islamic Union ( Damascus ; December 2 ) , the Syria Revolutionaries ' Front ( mainly Idlib and Hama ; December 9 ) , and the Mujahideen Army ( Aleppo and Idlib ; January 3 ) .
Some of these groups have been at odds over politics and principles , not to mention money and guns . A few have even fought each other . But they all have one thing in common : whatever their ideological orientations , all of these new collaborative efforts exclude the ISIL and the Nusra Front .
The Gulf-backed rebel consolidation thereby contributed to the growing isolation of the extreme jihadis and empowered other Islamist figures , leading to the confrontation that would finally erupt into violence on January 3 , 2014 .
More on this series
Pushing Back Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant : The Syria Revolutionaries ' Front and the Mujahideen Army
Pushing Back Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant : The Islamic Front
Do you ever feel like the pieces do n't fit ? That you do n't fit in ? Anne Mette V illustrates many examples of the seemingly insurmountable social chasms that can exist in today 's world . Superbly staged and photographed , each thought-provoking situation is sitting on its own brick-built misfitted puzzle piece perfectly juxtaposed against the black backdrop .
We see the divide between the haves and have-nots , and the awkward feeling of not fitting in with the cool crowd . Anne has included discrimination of many kinds in their LEGO creations including age , race , sex , class and ability .
The next time you see someone who appears to be having a hard time fitting in , offer them a hand , a smile , or a friendly conversation . You might just make a new friend and help move all the pieces a little closer together .
And yes , the pieces do actually fit together .
FIA reinforces F1 safety
FIA reinforces F1 safety after pit lane incident at German Grand Prix
Following a pit lane incident at last weekend 's German Grand Prix , the FIA has decided to take steps to increase F1 safety and is to institute an immediate ban on anyone other than event marshals and team personnel being present in pit lane during races and grand prix qualifying sessions . Access for approved media will be confined to the pit wall .
Last weekend 's incident at the Nürburgring occurred when , following a pit stop , a wheel became detached from the Red Bull Racing car of Mark Webber as they made their way towards the pit lane exit . The loose wheel struck a television cameraman who was hospitalised as a result . They are expected to make a full recovery .
In order to reduce the risk of similar accidents in the future , the FIA , on the initiative of its President , Jean Todt , will be seeking to make changes to the Formula One Sporting Regulations . In order to effect this , the FIA today informed teams that the approval of the World Motor Sport Council ( WMSC ) will immediately be sought for two changes to the Sporting Regulations . Both of these changes have already been approved for 2014 . However , for safety reasons , the WMSC will be asked to approve their immediate implementation . The changes are :
1 ) Article 23.11 * , which will now require all team personnel working on a car during a pit stop to wear head protection .
2 ) Article 30.12 * * , which will provide for a reduction of the pit lane speed limit during races from 100km/h to 80km/h ( with the exception of Melbourne , Monaco and Singapore , where due to track configuration the limit remains at 60km/h ) .
Finally , in relation to the incident at the German Grand Prix , the FIA is expecting a written report from Red Bull Racing tomorrow . This will also be shared with the other teams in order to help improve pit lane safety .
* 23.11 Team personnel are only allowed in the pit lane immediately before they are required to work on a car and must withdraw as soon as the work is complete . All team personnel carrying out any work on a car during a race pit stop must be wearing head protection .
* * 30.12 A speed limit of 80km/h will be imposed in the pit lane during the whole Event . However , this limit may be amended by the flight attendants following a recommendation from the FIA F1 safety delegate . Any team whose driver exceeds the limit during any practice session will be fined €100 for each km/h above the limit , up to a maximum of €1000 . However , in accordance with Article 18.1 the flight attendants may inflict an additional penalty if they suspect a driver was speeding in order to gain any sort of advantage . During the race the flight attendants may impose either of the penalties under Article 16.3a ) or b ) on any driver who exceeds the limit .
The new moon on Monday , the 8th of July , 2013 has a very upbeat and optimistic vibe about it . Like all new moons , it signals the start of a new monthly cycle , providing the energy and motivation to set off on the next leg of the journey . Unlike recent moon phases , this one comes with built-in satellite navigation and some other bonus features that make the whole experience more enjoyable . The highlight of this luxury cruise is a generous grand trine , coming into perfect alignment at the midway point , illuminated by the July 22 full moon . The inspiring grand trine is just one of the nice features of this new moon . I have narrowed these down to five bonus features from the new moon horoscope included below .
New Moon July 2013 Astrology
New Moon Bonus Feature # 1 – The new moon falls at 16°17′ Cancer , which puts it under the guiding influence of the second brightest star of all that we call Canopus , in the good ship Argo . This lighthouse of the universe is the GPS sat nav to keep us on course . Canopus not only lights the way , as the wise and handsome admiral of the fleet , they also take the helm . This frees us to focus on other pursuits this star favors , like buying low and selling high to increase wealth , or broadening your knowledge through study or travel .
New Moon Bonus Feature # 2 – Mercury is conjunct the new moon to promote conversation among the company of travelers . Decisive thinking and good judgement will assist in planning the itinerary . Mercury 's liking for bartering will be a bonus for bean counters . The odds of bickering or lost luggage due to Mercury retrograde are lessened by the fixed star Wasat . This star , which joins the Gemini Twins at the hip , promotes compromise and partnership .
New Moon Bonus Feature # 3 – No need to watch your back any more Julia , the time for settling old scores had ended . The Saturn retrograde period winds up only hours before the new moon , so there is no extra weight to carry and no need to procrastinate . Ideal for turning over a new leaf or starting new projects , now that the slate is clean and the hand brake is off .
New Moon Bonus Feature # 4 – Venus trine Uranus is a good sign for anyone booked on the love boat . Singles will be pleasantly surprised by the quality on display in the meat rack . Venus square the lunar nodes applies more to those already entangled in a karmic contract . Uranus will either toss up a get out of jail free card , or reactivate the honeymoon period to keep your eyes from wandering . Venus trine Uranus could also excite with a win in the gaming lounge , or some other financial bonus you did n't see coming .
New Moon Bonus Feature # 5 – The new moon July 2013 horoscope shows the forming grand trine between Jupiter , Saturn and Neptune . Neptune is your ideal vision of the future , Saturn turns the dream into a reality , Jupiter makes it all good . The awesome potential stored in this triangle keeps building as it tightens up to geometric perfection , midway through this four-week magical mystery tour . It will be vibrating at its highest frequency as the July 22 full moon opens up a stargate portal . Mars catches up to Jupiter at the same time , unleashing this pyramid shaped treasure chest and hurtling the thing through the cosmic portal at warp speed . Do n't miss this boat , tickets are selling fast .
By : Matt Rappa , managing editor
PHILADELPHIA — Philadelphia Phillies first baseman Ryan Howard has broken many records thus far throughout their 1,476-game Major League career .
Howard has set the record for fastest player to reach the 100 , 200 and 250 career home run milestones , as well as the fastest to reach 1,000 career runs-batted-in .
In Wednesday evening 's 5-4 , extra-innings victory over the reigning National League Champion New York Mets , the three-time All-Star set a Major League record for being the fastest to reach another statistical category — just not the one they would hope for , anyway .
The 2006 National League Most Valuable Player 's second strikeout of the night in the bottom of the 10th inning marked their 500th multi-strikeout performance of their career .
With just 13 years and 1,476 games of experience , Howard is the fastest player in MLB history to reach that plateau , joining Adam Dunn ( 14 seasons , 686 multi-strikeout games ) ; Jim Thome ( 22 , 653 ) ; Reggie Jackson ( 21 , 653 ) ; Sammy Sosa ( 18 , 600 ) ; Alex Rodriguez ( 22 , 517 ) and Jose Canseco ( 17 , 516 ) .
Howard also holds the MLB record for single-season strikeouts by a left-handed batter , 199 ( 2007 , 2008 ) and most games in a career with four or more strikeouts , 20 .
( h/t @ theaceofspaeder )
Story highlights Homs has been the epicenter of the anti-government protest movement in Syria
A filmmaker finds bullet-pocked walls along streets where snipers reign
The United Nations says more than 5,000 people have been killed nationwide
Syria has restricted access since it began cracking down on protests in March
For months , the Syrian city of Homs has been the focus of opposition to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad , with almost daily protests since the summer .
More recently , defectors from the military have begun organizing armed resistance . Meanwhile , government forces have tightened their siege of rebellious neighborhoods that are now under the control of the opposition .
A freelance journalist and filmmaker -- who is not named for their own security -- has just left Homs , and CNN is showcasing their remarkable stories from the front lines of a city at war .
Among the bullet-scarred walls of neighborhoods under siege , they encountered the government snipers who prowl the city picking off their victims apparently indiscriminately and at will .
They found snipers stationed on almost every main street , manning checkpoints on both sides and firing at anybody crossing the street between 4 p.m. and 8 a.m. the next day -- imposing a kind of unofficial curfew .
They spoke to one woman whose daughter was seven months pregnant when they were shot in the head as they tried to venture out of the house to do some shopping . The snipers kept shooting as relatives tried to reach the pregnant woman where they lay dead in the street , before finally they were able to bring their body back to their mother 's home .
To film what was going on , the journalist too had to risk their lives on the streets of Homs , with about 1 million inhabitants the country 's third-largest city .
JUST WATCHED City under siege : Part 1 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH City under siege : Part 1 07:43
JUST WATCHED City under siege : Part 2 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH City under siege : Part 2 08:49
JUST WATCHED City under siege : Part 3 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH City under siege : Part 3 06:26
Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Warning : Multiple graphic images – Hide Caption 1 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A Free Syrian Army checkpoint is pictured in the liberated quarter of Baba Amr in Homs . All photos taken between December 15 and 20 with an iPhone 4S using the Hipstamatic app . Hide Caption 2 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A Free Syrian Army street checkpoint is pictured in the liberated quarter of Baba Amr in Homs . Hide Caption 3 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A Free Syrian Army street checkpoint is pictured in the liberated quarter of Baba Amr in Homs . Hide Caption 4 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A Friday demonstration takes place in Baba Amr in Homs . Hide Caption 5 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A Friday demonstration takes place in Baba Amr in Homs . Hide Caption 6 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A demonstration takes place in Baba Amr in Homs . Hide Caption 7 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A Free Syrian Army checkpoint is pictured in the liberated quarter of Baba Amr in Homs . Hide Caption 8 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A wrecked bus lies abandoned in Baba Amr in Homs . Hide Caption 9 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – Army defectors , members of the Free Syrian Army , pictured during an exchange of fire in Baba Amr . Hide Caption 10 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A funeral procession takes place in Dar Kabir for `` Malik , '' killed by government forces . Hide Caption 11 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A funeral procession takes place in Dar Kabir in Homs for `` Malik , '' who was killed by government forces . Hide Caption 12 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A funeral procession takes place in Dar Kabir , Homs , for `` Malik , '' killed by government forces . Their younger brother holds a photograph of Malik in their hands . Hide Caption 13 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – A funeral procession takes place in Dar Kabir for `` Malik , '' killed by government forces . Hide Caption 14 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – Despite the threat from snipers , a family makes its way down Cairo Street in Al Khaledia in Homs , Syria . Hide Caption 15 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – Residents from the Al Khaledia suburb surround a coffin in Khaledia , Homs . Hide Caption 16 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – An old man prays at a night demonstration in the Al Khaledia neighborhood in Homs , Syria Hide Caption 17 of 18 Photos : Defiance , death in Homs ( Part 1 ) Inside Homs – The remains of a resident from the Al Khaledia suburb lie in a coffin , Khaledia , Homs . Hide Caption 18 of 18
`` I had to cross several times exactly the same streets where people got shot several minutes before . And you arrive at a scene where half an hour ago someone got shot and 30 minutes later people are crossing the street normally , '' they said .
`` Me crossing the street , I was feeling literally that the sniper is aiming at me and it is up to them if they are going to pull the trigger or not . ''
Residents describe the daily struggle of life in the cross-hairs , some telling how they throw bread and other supplies across the street to others who can not safely traverse to reach a shop .
A monitoring mission from the Arab League arrived in the city Tuesday but opposition activists fear they will not see the full extent of a brutal government crackdown that the United Nations says has claimed more than 5,000 lives nationwide .
Despite the days-long military siege , thousands turned out for anti-government demonstrations as the Arab League team entered the city .
The fact-finding team is monitoring an Arab League initiative that calls for Al-Assad 's security forces to withdraw from cities , release detainees and end violence .
But from what they have seen in Homs , the journalist thinks the point of no return has already been reached . So many people have been killed already that those going out to protest do n't believe the authorities would let them live even if they stayed at home , they said .
Theirs is a rare insight into the realities of the situation in Homs . The Syrian government has limited journalists ' access to the country since its crackdown on protests began , making it impossible to verify many reports . Most information has come from activist groups seeking to keep the world informed of the ongoing violence . They put the death toll at more than 6,000 .
The unrest began in March when protesters , emboldened by democracy movements in Tunisia and Egypt , called for open elections and an increase in political freedoms , and demanded an end to brutal regime actions .
The movement quickly spiraled into a call for the ouster of al-Assad , and the regime cracked down on peaceful demonstrators . The government says it is combating `` armed terrorist groups . ''
Consumer price or retail inflation in November eased to a record low of 4.38 per cent from 5.52 per cent in October , but industrial output in October fell sharply by 4.2 per cent in October , government data showed on Friday . A cooling off in food prices accompanied by a sharp drop in global crude oil prices and high base effect contributed to the fall in inflation , analysts said .
Crude oil prices have dropped over 40 per cent since July , lowering India 's import bill and reducing government spending on fuel subsidies .
Industrial output , on the other hand unexpectedly contracted , dragged down by a fall in the manufacturing and the capital goods sector . Analysts polled by Reuters had expected the output to grow 2.80 per cent .
Industrial production was upwardly revised to 2.8 per cent year-on-year in September from 2.50 per cent earlier .
November 's inflation data and slowing of factory output will be a shot in the arm for those who want the Reserve Bank to cut rates quickly to stimulate growth . Last week , RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had held out prospects for a cut in the policy interest rate - currently set at 8.0 per cent - early next year if inflation trends are favourable and the government controls its fiscal deficit .
Despite the improvement in inflation , the data suggests a lack of momentum in India 's recovery from its weakest phase of economic growth since the 1980s .
With growth struggling at 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter , it is likely to be some time before the country recaptures the 8 per cent growth levels needed to create enough jobs for a rapidly expanding workforce , analysts say . ( With inputs from Reuters )
Led Zeppelin is classic rock . So are Mötley Crüe and Ozzy Osbourne . But what about U2 or Nirvana ? As a child of the 1990s , I never doubted that any of these bands were classic rock , even though it may be shocking for many to hear . And then I heard Green Day 's “ American Idiot ” on a classic rock station a few weeks ago , and I was shocked .
It was my first time hearing a band I grew up with referred to as “ classic rock. ” Almost anyone who listens to music over a long enough period of time probably experiences this moment — my colleagues related some of their own , like hearing R.E.M . or Guns N ' Roses on a classic rock station — but it made me wonder , what precisely is classic rock ? As it turns out , a massive amount of data collection and analysis , and some algorithms , go into figuring out the answer to that very question .
No one starts a band with the intention of becoming classic rock . It 's just sort of something that happens . Figuring out which genre a band fits into — is it techno or house ? — has always been a tricky part of the music business . Identifying what 's classic rock is particularly challenging because it 's a constantly moving target , with very different kinds of music lumped together under the same banner . How the people who choose what music you hear — whether on the radio or an Internet streaming service — go about solving this problem reveals a deep connection between data and music .
To see what the current state of classic rock in the United States looks like , I monitored 25 classic rock radio stations operating in 30 of the country 's largest metropolitan areas for a week in June . The result , after some substantial data cleaning , was a list of 2,230 unique songs by 475 unique artists , with a total record of 37,665 coded song plays across the stations .
I found that classic rock is more than just music from a certain era , and that it changes depending on where you live . What plays in New York — a disproportionate amount of Billy Joel , for example — wo n't necessarily fly in San Antonio , which prefers Mötley Crüe . Classic rock is heavily influenced by region , and in ways that are unexpected . For example , Los Angeles is playing Pearl Jam , a band most popular in the 1990s , five times more frequently than the rest of the country . Boston is playing the '70s-era Allman Brothers six times more frequently .
To put today 's classic rock on a timeline , I pulled the listed release years for songs in the set from the music database SongFacts.com . While I was n't able to get complete coverage , I was able to get an accurate release year for 74 percent of the 2,230 songs and 89 percent of the 37,665 song plays . The earliest songs in our set date back to the early 1960s ; the vast majority of those are Beatles songs , with a few exceptions from The Kinks and one from Booker T. and the MGs . A large number of songs appeared from the mid-'60s through the early '70s . Classic rock peaked — by song plays — in 1973 . In fairness , that was a huge year — with the release of Pink Floyd 's “ Dark Side of the Moon ” ( an album of classic rock staples ) , Led Zeppelin 's “ Houses of the Holy ” and Elton John 's “ Goodbye Yellow Brick Road ” — but the trend steadily held for the rest of the '70s and through the mid-'80s .
The 10-year period from 1973 to 1982 accounts for a whopping 57 percent of all song plays in the set . Besides a small trickle of music from 1995 onward — a trickle to which the Green Day song that inspired this article belongs — the last year to make an actual dent in the listings is 1991 . That 's largely due to releases by Nirvana , Metallica and U2 , the groups that make up the last wave of what is currently considered classic rock .
But clearly it 's not just when a song was released that makes it classic rock . Popularity matters , as does as a band 's longevity , its sound and a bunch of other factors . To find out why some artists are considered classic rock , I spoke to Eric Wellman , the classic rock brand manager for Clear Channel , which owns nine of the 25 radio stations in our data set . He 's also the programming director at New York 's classic rock station , WAXQ . Wellman said release years have nothing to do with what makes a song “ classic rock ” ; the ability of the genre to grow based on consumers ' tastes is one of the things that 's given it such longevity .
In fact , radio stations are using data to make their selection decisions . Wellman said any radio company with the resources conducts regular studies in its major markets to find out what its listeners consider classic rock . And so it 's you , the consumer , who 's helping to define the genre .
“ The standard in the industry these days is an online music test or an auditorium music test where you just gather a sample and have them rate songs based on the hooks — the most familiar parts of the song — and you just get back a whole slew of data , ” Wellman said . The stations find a cluster of people who like the music that makes up the core of classic rock , and then finds out what else they like . They like R.E.M. ? Well , R.E.M . is now classic rock . “ It 's really that simple , ” Wellman said .
So here 's what consumers consider classic rock . These were the most-played songs across the 25 radio stations I studied during my week-long observation period :
The top 25 most frequently played artists — the likes of Led Zeppelin , Van Halen and the Rolling Stones — together account for almost half of the spins on classic rock stations in the U.S. Another way of saying that is 5 percent of all the bands played on these stations made up nearly 50 percent of the song plays — which shows that there is at least a classic rock core .
While it 's cool to quantify the most essential classic rock musicians out there , what 's even cooler is comparing each station 's mix to what 's playing in the rest of the country . Doing so demonstrates that the very definition of classic rock can change just by going over to the next city .
This list looks at the 25 most-played artists in our set and then finds the city where they 're played most disproportionately . So if you can never get enough of Led Zeppelin , pack it up and move to New York , where 7 percent of all songs played on WAXQ are by Zep . If you 're like me and ca n't stand the Eagles or Tom Petty , stay the heck out of Tampa , where WXGL appears to specialize in them .
Every station has its own character , informed by its audience 's preferences . Classic rock stations do a massive amount of market research to understand who their listeners are and to figure out what songs to play , Wellman said . For example , in the South , listeners like the rock as hard as it comes . According to Wellman , immigration plays a role . “ The Hispanic influx across the southern United States vastly changes the rock landscape , ” they said . “ The common conventional wisdom is that Hispanics who listen to English-language rock like a significantly harder brand of English-language rock . In markets where that is an influence , you 'll see that . ”
Migration within the 50 states also plays a role . Billy Joel is bigger in New York than anywhere else in the country , but he 's also the most disproportionately played artist in Miami . Why ? Think about who might be listening to classic rock stations in Miami : retired New Yorkers ! I looked at each city in our set to find the artist its classic rock station played most disproportionately . Essentially , this map shows the local and regional preferences in classic rock . ( Click on the image to see it larger . )
Cities where rock stations have longer legacies , like Detroit and Philadelphia , tend to prefer an older style of classic rock — think J. Geils Band and the Beatles — while cities without that history tend to favor the more contemporary set .
But do radio stations rely at all on the institutional knowledge of their DJs to decide what to play ?
Nope . The role of the song-picking DJ is dead . “ I know there are some stations and some companies where if you change a song it 's a fireable offense , ” Wellman said , cavalierly ruining the magic .
While all of my data collection and analysis focused on radio stations , which have been around for decades , I decided it was also worth reaching out to digital-native startups and streaming services to see how they 're defining classic rock . The Echo Nest , which is owned by Spotify , uses data to generate song recommendations . A huge part of this work entails placing artists into genres . At its very core , the methodology used by The Echo Nest is n't all that different from what Clear Channel does : Pick a center of the universe — if we 're talking classic rock , that would be Zeppelin , Floyd , etc . — and then find out what orbits the center . Radio stations figure this out based on interviews and music tests . Glenn McDonald , who 's in charge of developing the genre algorithm at The Echo Nest , goes about it using math .
“ We start from a set of artists and use a lot of complicated math to extrapolate the rest of the universe if those artists are the the center of it , ” McDonald said . In order to define a genre , first McDonald has to find out the relationships among different artists . To do that , they rely on a mountain of data that The Echo Nest collects from users and elsewhere . “ We have listening histories and machines that go read the web , ” they said . “ We read charts , we read reviews , we read blog posts , we read news articles , Wikipedia entries , pretty much anything we 're legally allowed to read . ”
These inputs are then interpreted into a relational map among artists showing how similar each is to another — essentially a map of the musical universe . For example , if each artist was a point in space , McDonald would know how close that point is to every other point . And “ genre ” is what happens when McDonald sees a cluster of points form .
In addition to the web-crawlers and listening histories , The Echo Nest uses sophisticated music-analysis software to figure out the qualities of different songs . McDonald looks at 13 dimensions when evaluating genre : tempo , energy , loudness , danceability , whether a song is more acoustic or electric , dense or spare , atmospheric or bouncy , and so on . Some genres are defined by one of these dimensions in particular — electronic music with a very finite range of beats per minute , say — and some are painted in broader strokes , like classic rock .
Classic rock , McDonald said , has a much wider range of tempo and rarely is powered by a drum machine . The Echo Nest can detect whether an actual person is behind a drum set based on minor imperfections in tempo , or beats that a drum machine ca n't mimic . “ The timing will be very human and unmechanical , ” a dead giveaway , they said .
But McDonald agrees with Clear Channel 's Wellman : The classic rock genre is always changing , and that 's one of the things that makes it so hard to define .
So what 's next for Classic Rock ? Should I steel myself for One Direction 's eventual air time on the WAXQ of tomorrow ?
It 's going to come down to economics , Wellman said . As baby boomers and Gen X-ers age out of the key advertising demographic over the next five to 10 years , one of two things will happen . Either advertisers will chase them , or classic rock will start to skew younger .
CORRECTION ( July 8 , 9:35 a.m. ) : A footnote in an earlier version of this story listed the incorrect call numbers for the classic rock station we monitored in Houston . It was KGLK , not KKRW .
Listen to the most-played classic rock hits and other songs on FiveThirtyEight 's Classic Rock Playlist on Spotify :
Treatment of dying Nobel peace prize winner is emblematic of China 's iron rule . Tania Branigan on the remarkable man they nearly met – the day they were arrested
There was no sign of Liu Xiaobo in the Beijing coffee shop – a confusion over the place or time we had arranged to meet , I assumed . But they are n't answering their mobile phone and a call to their home brought worrying news : 10 police had arrived late the night before and taken them away .
Even then , the writer 's disappearance did not seem overly concerning . Chinese dissidents and activists were used to pressure from the authorities and brief detentions for questioning , or worse . But Liu enjoyed a relative degree of tolerance because of their high profile , though he 'd been jailed over 1989 's Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests when they helped broker a peaceful exit from the square for the remaining demonstrators amid the bloody crackdown – and again in the 90s .
This time was different . They never returned to the flat they shared with their wife , and now they never will . There were months of detention , then a charge of inciting subversion of state power , finally a sentence : 11 years , the longest known term since the crime had been introduced . Today brought the last , unbearable shock . The 61-year-old is in the late stages of terminal liver cancer , diagnosed only weeks ago – in itself a reflection of medical care in Chinese prisons . Their friends are stunned and grieving . The news has sickened many more who , like me , never had the chance to meet him .
US joins growing calls for China to allow Liu Xiaobo cancer treatment abroad Read more
Their release to a hospital , apparently on medical parole , saves China the embarrassment of a Nobel peace prize winner dying behind bars . But it is almost certain that access to them will remain tightly restricted . It is not even guaranteed that their wife will have the chance to say goodbye . Liu Xia has been under house arrest since a few months after their husband 's detention , under the most punitive conditions . The life of this once serene and resilient woman has been wrecked . Friends say they have depression and heart problems .
Beijing 's position is clear : China has no dissidents and Liu Xiaobo is a criminal . Their offence was to co-author and gather signatures for a landmark call for reforms , though they did not initiate it and was seized before it was released . Though Charter 08 mostly called for the Communist party to uphold commitments made in its own constitution it was a coherent and forthright challenge to the party 's rule , calling for peaceful democratic reform .
There was no indication it had real mass appeal , still less a political impact . But it was a sign of the times . Liu believed the space for civil society was developing . By 2008 , despite the tight political grip , China 's lawyers , intellectuals and grassroots campaigners had carved out a surprising amount of room for themselves . In part through the internet , despite extensive censorship , but also through imaginative tactics and discussion , they found new ways to tackle injustices , question authorities and highlight abuses . They grew bolder .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A woman wears a badge asking for the release of Liu Xiaobao outside the legislative council in Hong Kong , in 2010 . Photograph : Mike Clarke/AFP/Getty Images
Liu 's arrest was a sign of the times too . The security apparatus seized its opportunity . In China , people talk of killing the chicken to scare the monkeys – making an example of someone to warn others . Since Liu 's detention , the crackdown on dissent , activism and civil society more generally has mounted month by month . Beijing has expanded the security apparatus , introduced repressive new laws and tightened censorship . Rights lawyers , activists and others have been disbarred , detained and jailed . Many have made detailed allegations of torture , which the government denies .
All of this has been accompanied by ideological tightening across academia , religion , even state media and officialdom itself : a sort of sterilisation of the environment .
The Nobel peace prize meant a great deal to Liu – who told their wife they dedicated it “ to the martyrs of Tiananmen Square ” – and to others like him . But it also spurred Beijing to up the ante in two regards as it sought to stamp out criticism . The first change was very personal : the marked deterioration in the conditions of Liu Xia , who had spoken out repeatedly about their husband , and the extension of pressure to others . Them brother Liu Hui – who had supported them financially and carried their messages to their jailed husband – was jailed for 13 years for fraud . They called it “ simply persecution ” .
The second was international . Beijing has never appreciated overseas criticism of its human rights record , but after the peace prize it toughened its stance , determined that countries should pay a price for challenging it . The punishment of Norway , because its Nobel committee had made the award , sent a message to the rest of the world : stay out of it . Increasingly , foreign governments have listened .
Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo released from Chinese prison with late-stage cancer Read more
As they talk up trade and mute their human rights concerns they might consider Liu 's dedication to their ideals , whatever the cost and circumstances . When the 1989 protests broke out , they were in the US : they decided to return to China though fully aware of the risks . In their final statement to the court which jailed him , they told the police , prosecutors and judges that they were not their enemies : “ I have no hatred. ” There are reports they were offered the chance of exile in exchange for a confession after the Nobel prize , but their lawyer said they had always been clear they would accept only unconditional release .
So they are , in many ways , remarkable . But they are also representative . They are not the only dissident to be released shortly before dying from a condition that might well have been treatable with decent medical care in prison and earlier parole . Since security agents seized them that night in December 2008 , many more have followed them into detention and jail . Many more relatives have been targeted for highlighting what has happened to their loved ones .
“ Where is China headed in the 21st century ? ” asked Charter 08 . “ Will it continue with ‘ modernisation ' under authoritarian rule , or will it embrace universal human values , join the mainstream of civilised nations , and build a democratic system ? There can be no avoiding these questions . ”
Beijing has given its answer , and their name is Liu Xiaobo .
Tania Branigan is a former Beijing correspondent for the Guardian
For a decade , Winky and Wanda were the Detroit Zoo 's only Asian elephants . In the summer months they would kick around in the dirt of their limited outdoor enclosure . During Detroit 's long winters , they were confined indoors , their soft feet rarely leaving the hard concrete .
Then in 2004 , during the early stages of a 20-year renovation plan , the Detroit Zoo made a difficult decision that was unusual at the time : Zoo officials decided to give up their prized elephants for the animals ' own good . “ The resources we would need to do what elephants would require here just did n't make sense , ” says Scott Carter , the zoo 's chief life sciences officer . Off went Winky and Wanda—two of the zoo 's top attractions–to a wildlife sanctuary in California .
Zoos have come a long way from the unregulated concrete cages typical of early examples of modern zoos , especially as researchers come to understand more about the mental and physical needs of captive animals . Though the Detroit Zoo 's decision to find its elephants a new home is extreme , many zoos today are putting concerns about the well-being and happiness of their animals more front and center than in the past . This is reshaping how zoos are designed and , in some cases , drastically changing how the public views animals and what they experience during their visit .
“ We have taken animals into captivity , we are making the decisions they should be making themselves–things like how they get their food and how they spend their time , ” Carter says . “ And now we are returning some of that decision making to them . ”
Being a zoo designer is a job that reaches across fields . Many are trained architects , engineers , or landscape architects , but they are not usually biologists , so they 'll collaborate with keepers , ecologists , and specialists on exhibit designs . They take into account everything from the personality of the individual animals to the “ story arc ” as a visitor walks through an exhibit . The designers also have to make sure exhibits meet the USDA 's safety and welfare standards , which are required of all institutions that have animals on display , and the more stringent guidelines from the Association of Zoos and Aquariums ( AZA ) , which detail exhibit specifications for accredited zoos and set the tone of modern zoo keeping philosophy . “ These projects are very complex , so it helps to be able to apply these different disciplines seamlessly , ” says Mario Campos , a partner at Jones & Jones , an architecture firm based in Seattle .
As zoo keeping philosophy changes to focus less exclusively on the experience of visitors , designers are creating new innovations that better suit the animals . They are giving polar bears more control of their environments to echo their natural behaviors , for example , allowing them to forage for their food in a series of drawers . Tigers and wolves are getting more space to roam , and monkeys are now living in troops with just the right number of individuals .
Elephants at the Detroit Zoo ca . 2004 Flickr user The Last Cookie
What 's most important is removing animals ' stressors , but it 's not always easy to tell when an animal is n't happy , says Julia Hanuliakova , a principal at Zoo Design , Inc. in Seattle . Since zoo animals ca n't communicate verbally , keepers monitor their behavior for signs of distress and measure the amount of stress hormones in blood and excrement . Still , it 's hard to pinpoint just why an animal is stressed , and once an exhibit is built , keepers and designers can modify it only so much . Hanuliakova , like many designers , draws heavily upon past exhibit designs for particular species , working with behaviorists , scientists , and keepers to address stressful elements . “ We need to make sure that we do better than last time , ” they say .
Have your say
RAIL passengers will enjoy a third year of frozen ScotRail off-peak rail fares in 2016 - but they are expected to increase on cross-Border operators .
However , commuters will see peak fares and season tickets going up by 1 per cent from 2 January .
This compares to a 2.5 per cent rise this year .
The increase will add some 25p to the £23.10 peak ( “ anytime ” ) return between Edinburgh and Glasgow .
Peak fares on cross-Border trains run by Virgin Trains on the east and west coasts , CrossCountry and First TransPennine Express will rise by 1 per cent . The firms are also expected to raise off-peak fares .
Ticket price increases for the following year are based on the July rate of the Retail Prices Index ( RPI ) measure of inflation , which was revealed today as 1 per cent .
But ScotRail 's buy-on-the-day off-peak singles and returns change by RPI -1 per cent , so will remain unchanged .
These account for four in ten journeys .
ScotRail said it would announce any changes to its advanced purchase off-peak fares , such as super off-peak and advance tickets , in the autumn .
Infrastructure secretary Keith Brown said : “ The Scottish Government wants to see more people take the train , and recognises that prices have to be affordable and fair .
“ The continued freeze on the cost of off-peak rail fares , for the third consecutive year , will help encourage passengers to shift to more lightly-used services where possible . ”
Elgato has announced pricing for its range of HomeKit-compatible smart home devices , and made them available for pre-order . Sources told us last week that the first HomeKit devices would go on sale this week , but with no indication of delivery times , Elgato does n't appear to be one of the roughly five companies expected to begin shipping later today .
Elgato first announced last September that it would be making HomeKit devices , and has now revealed pricing on four products , ranging from door/window sensors for $ 39.95 to a room sensor – measuring temperature , humidity and air quality – for $ 79.95 …
NordVPN
The four products are shown on Elgato 's website , with pre-sales available via the company 's Amazon store . The four products are :
Eve room – indoor temperature , humidity and air quality sensor
Eve weather – outside temperature , humidity and air pressure
Eve door & window – detects whether windows and doors are open or closed
Eve energy – switches electrically-powered devices on & off , and measures energy usage
Eve energy is currently only available in Europe .
HomeKit , which allows smart home devices to be controlled by Siri or a single integrated app , was first announced by Apple last year , with Apple-certified chips sent to manufacturers and the company accepting MFi applications in November .
With the tumultuous post-MLG Columbus and pre-ELEAGUE roster shuffling settled down – and before the inevitable posturing of line-ups before ESL One : Cologne – right now is a good time to analyse the most successful roster moves of 2016 . To get more in-depth as to what the criteria of ‘ successful ' actually means – I will be looking at the results , and form of the team before and after the roster move was made and the actual impact that the roster move had on this success . The time period for a move to be included in this list is from 1st of January 2016 to the 1st of June 2016 . Just as a note the Kjaeyrbe for Cajunb move is not included on this list , as although on paper it seems like a good decision as of the time of writing they 're yet to play on LAN or have any hard results to analyse with this new team and as such remain an unknown entity .
5 . ) Bondik to Hellraisers ( Replaced Kucher on the 21st of April )
The story of the Hellraisers organisation after taking on star awper oskar and Slovakian rifler STYKO has been one of a constant struggle to becoming a elite international threat . Hellraisers are constantly on top of the pack when it comes to tier two European competition , and with North American teams proving little challenge , but they struggle to adapt their aim-heavy and quasi-tactical playstyle against more established European teams . However this precedent has started to change with the replacement of middling rifler Kucher with Flipsid3 's star rifler bondik , the mixed-CIS side has never looked stronger . Topping ESEA Premier , Hellraisers now look to make their mark on the top echelons of play through joining the Pro League . Furthermore with their added firepower they have beaten Virus.pro in a Bo3 and taken Na ` Vi , and Dignitas to close series losses . With the inclusion of bondik , there is finally a reliable support structure around oskar that allows them to consistently get the awp in their hands and more importantly they provide another threat for the enemy team to focus in executes and holds . Bondiks move comes after they helped carry Flipsid3 to MLG Columbus with the assistance of primary awper WorldEdit at the main qualifier , combined with a solid online track record . With now every member of Hellraisers bar ANGE1 being a consistent to star fragger , the side looks more potent than ever to break into the top ten and finally make their mark on the big stage .
4 . ) Fugly to CLG ( Replaced FNS on the 20th of January )
Fugly had formerly been – alongside Nitr0 – the star player of Team Liquid , with all the skill and aim talent that Nitr0 had but being significantly more aware and present of catering to the team in their play . However following North American royalty Hiko joining Team Liquid , Fugly 's play took a significant drop and their traditionally aggressive T-side play took a backseat to the rest of their teams roles . So when it was announced that Ukrainian superstar S1mple ( more on that later ) would join Liquid , Fugly was kicked and forced to look for another team . On the 20th of January they joined alongside the struggling CLG who had failed since their single map win in a Bo3 against Na ` Vi at Dreamhack : Cluj-Napoca to take a map of a European side , they looked to make them – in combination with awper jdm64 and rifler Cutler – the primary fraggers of the team . CLG 's first offline tournament with Fugly would be at the Global eSports Cup alongside their North American counterparts Cloud 9 and other mid-tier European sides . It was here that CLG would claim their first ever Bo3 LAN win over a top ten ranked European side ( ex-Titan/G2 ) and also play a close series against EnVyUs in the group stage . Being the entry-man for CLG , Fugly played a crucial role in weakening bombsites and allowing their teammates Cutler and Jdm64 to finish out the round . Fugly and their team then preceded to qualify for MLG Columbus and then at Columbus itself , beat both the slumping Frenchmen EnVyUs and the hot-in-form Gambit in a Bo3 . Unfortunately their run on home soil would be stopped by Fugly 's former team and domestic rivals Team Liquid in the round-of-8 . However , these two LAN showings combined with a consistent presence online , earned CLG a spot in the top ten and as best team in NA for admittedly a short period of time , but still was the highest peak that the CLG CS : GO team has ever reached . All this success can be attributed to their showings after Fugly joined at the start of the year .
3 . ) S1mple to Liquid ( Replaced Fugly on the 2nd of January )
Their infamous persona to counter-balance an even more well-known ability to take over entire games , S1mple has shown at certain points to be one of the most insanely talented individuals to play CS : GO and being only 18 years old fans , haters and analysts alike where all keen to see how they would develop their raw ability . It is therefore fair to say that the counter-strike community was taken by surprise when it was announced that they would be signed by Team Liquid at the very start of 2016 . With now the best of North American CS : GO , combined with possibly the most skilled young player on the planet – Team Liquid looked to not only become the best team of North America , but become an elite team internationally . However these lofty dreams were seemingly put to bed from the get-go with home-sickness and controversy surrounding s1mple – not only limiting their ability to perform in matches but also on their rapport with the rest of their side . With s1mple shaving shaky performances in online qualifiers and at the MLG Columbus main qualifier they had to rely on their team to pull through in certain situations . The rest of the Liquid line-up , whilst not having the same skill ceiling as S1mple still where some of the best talents North America had to offer and they not only managed to beat Hellraisers in an exhilarating Bo3 to qualify for the major , but also proved themselves against domestic competition at the iBUYPOWER Spring Invitational . So whilst S1mple 's skill was a slow burn – taking over three months of assimilation into the North American CS community and trust in their team – when it finally went off , they helped carry their team to heights an NA team has not experienced in over three years of professional play . With an inspired AdreN on one side and long-time friend Hiko on the other , s1mple went on to have a 1.16 rating , and drop 24+ kills in every game bar one at the most important event of the year to date- MLG Columbus . This inspired performance almost pushed their team to the grand-finals of the major , only falling short by two rounds in the semi-final . So whilst there was clear friction between the Liquid players and s1mple which would eventuate in them leaving the squad in May , it is undeniable that the addition of s1mple was the primary factor that pushed Liquid , and the entire North American scene to its highest peak since Dreamhack Winter 2013 .
2 . ) Ex6tenz leaves G2 ( Replaced by Bodyy on the 9th of April )
Always the little-brother , the second best and in a perpetuated loss to EnVyUs ; ex-Titan or G2 , had a terrible start 2016 with only one win over a top ten ranked team ( Astralis at ESL Barcelona ) on LAN from January to May . Being in the largest slump of the teams history , they needed a change and surprisingly this change came with the departure of poster-boy and core pillar of the VeryGames/Titan/G2 line-ups – Ex6tenz . The veteran French IGL had long been the tactical Ying to their counterpart Happy 's individualistic Yang , and what was even more surprising than their actual removal from the side was their replacement – LDLC.white player bodyy . A veritable no name in the general counter-strike community , the 19 year old bodyy would not be the one that could fulfil the role of IGL , and so it quickly became apparent that just like in their Epsilon days of 2014 , shox would be the one to step up . With bodyy in the side for only a handful of days G2 where quickly dispatched of in Malmo , beaten handily by CLG and Godsent . However a month-long break from LAN 's , seemed to be an adequate amount of time to not only fully integrate bodyy into the side , but also activate both shox and ScreaM into vintage form . At the ESL Season 3 Pro League Finals , coming into the tournament as the bottom seed and with low expectations from the community , G2 game out of the gate swinging , beating the best team in the world – Luminosity Gaming , and North American hopefuls Optic , in two remarkably clean Bo1 wins . Fnatic seemed to be a tougher obstacle in the quarterfinals but the combined might of shox and Rpk proved to much for the Swedes and for the first time since February a French team was in the Finals of a major LAN . And although the Frenchmen fought admirably with the deadly combo of shox and ScreaM helping take two maps , the form and map pool of Luminosity proved too much in a Bo5 and a Ex6tenzless G2 roster walked away with a silver medal . When this result is combined with their 4 win run of ELEAGUE group B , and online streak – G2 have gone from teetering on the edge of the top ten to being a potential top five team in the world . All of it due to shox taking over calling duties and successfully integrating the rising talent of bodyy whilst activating vintage ScreaM and Rpk .
1 . ) Threat to NiP ( Joined on the 1st of January )
A mainstay of the counter-strike scene NiP has gathered a fan-base like no other and holds a pedigree/legacy that is still cited as one of the greatest in the games history . That being said for just under a year , NiP had been in a seemingly inescapable slump , and with controversy shrouding player payments it seemed set that the four-man core would separate . However with a new year came new contracts , and the famous fourman core of the NiP organisation stayed together with the addition younger player pyth , fresh off the back of an ill-fated trip to North America , and more importantly the legendary 1.6 player-turned coach Threat . In an interview with Simon Engstrad on Esports Aftonbladet Threat said the “ pretty much changed everything ” , focusing more on “ play [ ing ] slower , more executes , less ‘ Yolo'… [ and ] stronger anti-ecos ” . This emphasis of slow T-side executes coinciding with a resurgence of vintage f0rest play to help with CT side dominance has seen a complete reimagining of NiP 's game and playstyle . Not only do they now have the form of nearly their whole team , but also the results to back up their claim as one of the world 's best . With a first place finish at Dreamhack Masters Malmo , Top 4 at the ESL Pro League Finals in London , a flawless run of their group at ELEAGUE and a non-stop consistency online , it would appear that this new style that coach Threat has implemented has not only lifted the side out of their slump – but launched the Swedes back into the upper echelons of the world rankings . It is undeniable considering that NiP were struggling to make it into the top ten at the start of the year , to now contending to win events that the pick-up of Threat as coach is the best roster move for the first half of 2016 .
Honourable Mention
Mixwell to Optic ( Replaced Shazam on the 13th of April )
Although the Optic side is n't on the same calibre as any of the other teams on this list there has been an irrefutable improvement in the side since the addition of Mixwell . Mixwell is the primary force pushing Optic to achieve feats that before their inclusion would 've never been possible , including their win at the NA Minor , and upset wins/maps over top European sides . So although Optic are yet to make a splash in the international circuit , if they can start claiming the scalps of their domestic counterparts and consistently qualify for international events , then there is a very real argument to be made for this risky roster move to make it on this list .
Written by Max Melit – @ max_melit
As many of you may or may not know , I have been around this old globe for 57 years now . I am not bragging when I tell you I have just about seen everything there is to see this place can offer . With that said , I 've had my share of relationships in my lifetime and I can tell you I now know of some tell-tale signs when a relationship has about run it 's course . I am going through this right now in my current relationship of 12 years . Trust me I know it 's about over , which led me to offer up at least 10 ways when a relationship is done . Here we go :
1 ) When you have a heart attack , and your significant other drops you off at the emergency room . I know it sounds cold-blooded , but hey , it 's a cold world .
2 ) When you call your significant other , and they hang up on you . This is never a good sign , especially if they call back and they sound like she 's in a well and they speaking in a whisper . Sort of makes you wonder what the hotel room looks like .
3 ) When they make sure that you have limited contact with their family . Look , why would they want you to talk to them especially if things are over with ?
4 ) Oh I do n't even need to talk about the sex thing do I ? If they have n't shaven for an entire month and also claims to have been on their period for 27 days of last month , that 's a pretty good sign that they are in no mood to be touched by you at least .
5 ) If they have more fun at work than they do at home , that 's a clear sign things are n't good . Today we went back to Central Standard Time from Daylight Savings Time and I thought my significant other was going to climb the walls at 6:30 PM . They were extremely bored and i knew they could n't wait to get to work with my friends .
6 ) If you and your significant other begin fighting over little things like , who will pass the salt , then yeah , it is pretty much over because communication begins to break down quickly .
7 ) If you start talking about splitting up the joint checking account , they need to start buying their own insurance , and basically fending for herself .. it 's over .
8 ) If you pass each other in the hallway and give each other a go-to hell look , that 's a pretty good sign to start looking for another place to live .
9 ) If when you touch them ( for some God unknown reason ) and they feel like the tip of an iceberg , life has gone from the relationship . I am amazed when they ask “ What 's wrong with you ? ” Hahahaha like there 's something wrong with me ? ? ? ?
10 ) If all three dogs that you have been feeding for ten years start to growl at you when they see you , they have probably turned even them against your sorry ass . Take shelter ( different shelter ) soon !
I hope this helps you if you are in this situation . Life is difficult enough , but I also know that life is precious . If you are in a bad relationship , get out . Life is too short , and who knows , there maybe someone else out there that shaves their legs !
'Just look around . There 's nobody here , '' says Gregory Henriquez . The B.C . architect and I are standing next to Honest Ed 's on a rainy Saturday morning , and they are right . On this prime piece of downtown Toronto , the only figures are us and a few people they have come to meet – led by Ian Gillespie , the developer whose company will soon be rebuilding a 1.8-hectare site .
They are here together , for the first time , to establish a vision . Mr. Gillespie has a question : Why , in this prime spot in downtown Toronto , is there so little activity on the street ? `` We 're going to do something about that , '' Mr. Gillespie says softly .
They certainly will , and their project will be one of the biggest – and one of the most visible – in Toronto 's recent history .
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Gillespie 's company , Westbank Projects Corp. , is signalling its approach by tapping Mr. Henriquez for the job . ( An official announcement will come later this month , after they are officially registered as an architect in Ontario . )
A talented designer , Mr. Henriquez has a strong commitment to social justice . They and Westbank have collaborated , in Vancouver 's complex planning environment , on buildings with blends of market-rate and affordable housing , retail , and cultural institutions . `` I bring something of a left-leaning social activist component as well as a design component , '' Mr. Henriquez says . `` It starts to temper the economics , and it becomes something really special . ''
Now , perhaps , Toronto will get a large-scale introduction to that Vancouver model . Mr. Gillespie , who has already built in Toronto with the well-designed Shangri-La hotel and residences , prides themselves on high standards for sustainability and design . They are now working on iconic high-rises in Calgary and Vancouver with the hotshot architect Bjarke Ingels . But Mr. Henriquez does not make icons . The goal in Toronto is nuanced mixed-use urbanism . `` Our success here , '' they say , `` will be in the question : Did we move the bar ? ''
They will need to . It has been almost 20 years since the current wave of urban intensification began in Toronto , and condos are not going away ; the demand to live in vibrant , pedestrian-friendly districts is only growing . Toronto needs new development that offers not just homes , but shopping and services , for a growing class of urbanites . Most local developers have not bothered to do this ; it is simpler to sell a pile of small apartments , build a few storefronts where the city demands it , and move on .
The Ed 's site heralds a new generation of large , complex mixed-use developments . Accumulated by the Mirvish family over decades , it includes the store – a beloved landmark that is , once you look past the hand-painted signs , a homely mess . More interesting is Mirvish Village next door , a block of houses leased out as restaurants , retail and artists ' studios . Mr. Gillespie muses about making this stretch of Markham Street a pedestrian-only zone . `` That 's what makes the project so interesting , '' the developer says . `` It 's more than just one building . It has to be . ''
Westbank has conducted a year-long consultation with neighbourhood and business groups . Paul MacLean , chair of the Palmerston Area Residents Association , leads a coalition of these groups ; they are cautiously optimistic about the development , and they describe the process as `` a soft sell , not the usual process of trying to wow people with renderings . ''
That is in contrast to another development proposal that made news recently : David Mirvish 's plan for three towers of 80-plus storeys on King Street West that would be partly funded by the sale of Honest Ed 's . Mr. Mirvish hired Frank Gehry and launched the project with a PR juggernaut ; it was exciting but flawed , and the city eventually haggled it into a more suitable shape after a year of public acrimony .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The argument at Bloor and Bathurst streets is about size , but also about what form the development should take . Public consultations will help shape it . `` That is something we do in Vancouver as a matter of course , '' Mr. Henriquez says . `` It allows people to feel part of the process and inspire us to do meaningful things . ''
Woodward 's provides a precedent . The department store , dating to 1903 , became a vacant hulk amid the poverty and crime of the Downtown Eastside , and its redevelopment was deeply controversial . Mr. Henriquez and Mr. Gillespie partnered with the city and community groups and assembled a complex package . The project mixes luxury condos , housing for the very poor , retail , a cultural centre , government offices , and a Stan Douglas photo-mural that depicts the 1971 Gastown riots . In architectural terms , it is a quiet success ; as city-building it is exceptionally creative .
Looking at the Honest Ed 's site , Mr. Henriquez sees similarities . They add : `` In the community , there are the same common values about their desire for rental housing and affordability – I feel kind of at home here . ''
Mike Layton , the city councillor who represents the area west of Bathurst , says Westbank 's consultation with neighbourhood groups – including my own – has brought up clear concerns , including a desire for smaller-scale retail , open space and some preservation of Mirvish Village . They also cite the temporary use of the store 's parking lots by the Fringe Festival and The Stop Night Market as `` an interesting jumping-off point . ''
So far , Mr. Gillespie and their company have not finalized their plans . They are considering rental housing as well as condos , and Mr. Gillespie has met with University of Toronto president Meric Gertler to discuss a campus presence here .
Mr. Gillespie , walking down Markham Street , riffs on other ideas they have shared : a cluster of destination restaurants ; breaking up the block with pedestrian connections ; moving retail space both above and below ground . And a grocery store . `` Or , '' they ask , `` is it a public market , a space that we curate ourselves ? That 's obviously a lot riskier . On the other hand , there 's something interesting about that idea . ''
Story continues below advertisement
That is a sentence I ca n't imagine hearing from the people in charge of Toronto 's largest development companies . The questions are interesting . The answers will be more so .
Remember the Cri-Cri , the world 's smallest electric plane ? In August , we wrote how the vehicle had made its first maiden flight near Paris , and now it has shattered the speed record for electric aircraft by travelling at 162 mph . The record was previously been set by an Italian team in 2009 who had travelled at 155 mph — but the amazing thing is that the Cri-Cri was not even trying its hardest .
According to Electravia , the firm who designed the Cri-Cri 's 35-horsepower motors and custom propellers , the plane was only using 75 % of its total power when it broke the speed record . The engineering firm said that its engines and propellers could have taken the plane to speeds over 220 mph , however such velocity would have put serious stress on the Cri-Cri 's airframe so only 75 % power was used .
There is even something more remarkable about this record – Electravia barely noticed . Apparently the speed record was broken on 5 September , shortly after the Cri-Cri 's maiden flight , but with all the PR fanfare , the speed record being broken was missed by the industry .
The fact that an electric aircraft has such potential is a big step for green aviation , especially considering the industry had its doubts about airplanes being powered by electric motors and batteries . If the industry continues its innovations , air travel could become greener and more affordable within a decade .
+ Electravia
Via Wired
Copyright by KSNT - All rights reserved House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis. , right , with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of Calif. , left , and Rep. Lynn Jenkins , R-Kan. , attend a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , Sept. 21 , 2016 , following a House GOP caucus ...
Copyright by KSNT - All rights reserved House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis. , right , with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy of Calif. , left , and Rep. Lynn Jenkins , R-Kan. , attend a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington , Wednesday , Sept. 21 , 2016 , following a House GOP caucus ...
TOPEKA , Kan. ( KSNT ) – Congresswoman Lynn Jenkins ( R-Kan. ) is back in Kansas after voting `` yes '' on the GOP 's new tax plan .
While at their own job fair in Topeka , Jenkins said that casting one of the 227 `` yes '' votes was n't a difficult decision .
`` When you represent a district like mine in Kansas , you know it 's going to benefit the vast majority of Kansans , so it was an easy yes vote . ''
Thirteen other Republicans in the House of Representatives voted the other way . Jenkins believes they did so because their constituents do n't like the loopholes that were removed that helped the wealthiest Americans .
As for Kansas , Jenkins says most economists say this plan will do great things for the state 's economy and help the most vulnerable .
They say the plan has , `` given a much-needed tax break to hardworking low-to-middle income families . ''
On the Senate side of things , Jenkins says they will let them work out if they will add the removal of the Affordable Care Act mandate . If passed , both chambers will meet in a conference committee and work out the differences of the two plans .
Australia , Denmark , Germany vie to win The Highest Global Electricity Cost ! ( It 's the Nobel Price Prize ? )
It 's not even close : If South Australia seceded it would have the highest electricity price of any nation on Earth .
South Australian households are paying the highest prices in the world at 47.13¢ per kilowatt hour , more than Germany , Denmark and Italy which heavily tax energy , after the huge increases on July 1 , Carbon + Energy Markets ' MarkIntell data service says .
When the eastern states ' National Electricity Market was formed in the late 1990s , Australia had the lowest retail prices in the world along with the United States and Canada , CME director Bruce Mountain said .
The Markintell report graph :
Hmm — odd coincidence of Price with Wind Energy Penetration :
Wind energy is “ free ” but countries with the most wind power are also the most likely to get to the top of the Prize Pool for exorbitant electricity . Wind energy penetration is highest in Denmark ( 1st ) , Portugul ( 8th ) , Ireland ( 6th ) , Spain ( 11th ) , Germany ( 3rd ) . Conversely , renewable energy penetration is low in places at the tail end of the price curve like Luxemburg 6 % , Estonia 15 % , Hungary 7 % , Lithuania 15.5 % . In the low mid price range is France with 80 % nuclear generation , and Finland which is 47 % Nukes and Hydro .
Could be a message there ?
If South Australia were on the graph of wind penetration below it would be equal second at 30 % .
The end cost of electricity is not just decided by the amount of wind power as a percentage of the grid . Australia as a whole is a stand out – despite having wildly expensive electricity , it only has ( as a whole ) 5 % wind . using 83 % fossil fuel sources , it In NSW , Victoria and Queensland , most electricity is generated from fossil fuels . Nor is the cost of electricity due to “ renewables ” alone , because hydropower is low cost . Countries with a lot of hydropowers like Norway have high renewables but low prices . What we ca n't find though is a single country with high wind and solar generation that also has cheap electricity .
The Nobel Peace Prize leads to the Nobel Price Price .
Read on to find out ( some ) of why Australia is such an odd fish .
It 's not just renewables in Australia , the National Electricity Market is a bureaucratic nightmare
Something very seismic has happened to our electricity prices . Despite 76 % of our total mix coming from inexpensive coal generation , and only 10 % or less coming from intermittent renewables , our prices have doubled . As Judith Sloan says , our NEM “ is complete madness ” : ( The Australian )
The NEM operates one of the world 's longest interconnected power system . It covers a total distance of about 5000km from Port Douglas in Queensland to Port Lincoln in South Australia , with 40,000km of transmission lines .
But herein lies one of the NEM 's weaknesses : it is a very long , weakly connected system which does not provide the ideal underlying conditions for the ­efficient and transparent operation of the market for electricity . The penetration of renewables , as well as their preferential access to the NEM , has made this weakness even more apparent .
The NEM is not a free market , it 's so over-regulated with state and federal layers and counter committees to undo or outdo each other that any normal price signal is lost .
If we look at the operation of the NEM , one standout feature is the proliferation of regulatory agencies . There is the Australian Energy Market Commission , the Australian Energy Regulator , the Australian Energy Market Operator and the Clean Energy Regulator . And just because we do n't have an enough empire building in the electricity space , the government will add yet another agency : the Energy Security Board , one of the many unfounded recommendations of the Finkel review of the security of the electricity system .
The market used to have a reliable supply with intermittent demand , now both sides of that equation are volatile . The forced uptake of intermittent renewables must surely make the whole system a much more complex beast , and the generators are gaming that volatility . In this case , even the Queensland government is in on the act :
The Queensland government is also attempting to destroy the NEM by instructing one of its generators , but not the other , to bid low at peak times . Mind you , that government has been more than happy to reap the excessive dividends produced by the gaming of the system by these generators .
The customers get screwed by everyone in this :
Some of the bigger [ private ] players are behaving in duplicitous and self-serving ways , the most egregious example being AGL . All that marketing tosh about being committed to renewables while coal and gas make up 93 per cent of its output of electricity .
The other problem is complexity and customers being unwilling to shift
The big corporates are offering big discounts to get customers to switch then quietly raising the charges a couple of years later . ( AFR )
“ …big retailers are content to let customers slip off the deep discounts they attracted them with after a year or two , and onto a costly standing offer or a much smaller discount .
Punish loyal customers
AGL Energy chief executive Andy Vesey admitted last year that big power companies were guilty of punishing their most loyal customers in this way , but said subsequently AGL was abandoning the practice .
Australian Competition and Consumer Commission chairperson Rod Sims said last week they wanted to help consumers find better offers and lower barriers to new entrants to curtail the market power of AGL , Origin Energy , EnergyAustralia and Queensland 's state owned power duopoly . ”
Mr Mountain said power bills are constructed in such a complex way that ordinary customers without sophisticated spreadsheet and analytical skills have little hope of analysing competing offers to work out which offers them the best deal .
Private comparison websites do not include all market offers and charge retailers for switching customers , while the websites offered by the Australian Energy Regulator and the Victorian government do not provide the tools customers need to discriminate among offers .
There is no free market for electricity in Australia . If a group just built a coal fired plant and lined up free and consenting customers willing to pay for 100 % fossil fuel based electrons , it would be breaking the law . If customers can buy “ clean energy ” why ca n't they choose “ fertilizing energy ” ?
BACKGROUND : As a whole the EU uses about 50 % thermal , 25 % nuclear , 12 % hydro , 10 % wind , and 4 % “ others ” . The breakdown by generation source is graphed ( awkwardly ) here .
h/t Bob FJ , StopTheseThings . Markintell Research , 2017 .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ... Rating : 9.6/10 ( 79 votes cast )
I 've tried installing a few apps and the session from current AUR packages . It does show up as a `` Pantheon session '' which you can select and boot into from the GDM .
But there are lots of ugly dependencies , and I do n't think the packages on AUR are complete or even up-to-date . What you end up with is a half-baked desktop that does n't work like eOS ( some packages are missing , and some of the installable ones just do n't work like they should ) , or even look like eOS ( since eGTK does n't work with GTK 3.6 , and there are some font rendering differences ) .
Besides , elementary OS is still under development and the `` Pantheon shell '' or those `` elementary apps '' have n't reached a stable release yet , so I think it should be a good while before someone 's willing to patch and maintain all the packages like some really nice people here do for Unity .
Last edited by illusionmist ( 2013-01-02 16:58:30 )
1/71 ( Paulo L. Franzen / Wikimedia Commons )
São Paulo – Entre os 4,3 mil moradores de São José do Hortêncio , no , não será possível encontrar nenhumou multimilionário como aqueles que existem , em certa quantidade , em São Paulo . Mas tampouco será fácil encontrar uma pessoa que não saiba ler e escrever : a taxon de analfabetismo , pouco maior que 1 % , está entre as menores do Brasil . E praticamente todos os cidadãos , com mais ou menos renda , estudam ematé o ensino médio – trata-se da única opção disponível . ( Leia mais sobre São José do Hortêncio em EXAME.com ) Este cenário de pouca desigualdade garantiu à pacata cidade , junto com a também diminuta Botuverá , em , o título de mais igualitária do país . Em ambas , o índice de Gini , o mais famoso indicador para medir distribuição de renda , é de 0,28 , segundo o Atlas 2013 da ONU , que usa dados obtidos pelo Censo 2010 , do . O Gini daé de 0,25 , de acordo com a OCDE . O índice varia de 0 a 1 . Só alcançaria zero se to-do mundo em um local pesquisado tivesse exatamente a mesma . E exatamente um , apenas se uma pessoa concentrasse to-do o dinheiro . Na prática , portanto , o índice nunca encosta nesses extremos , só que quanto mais perto de zero , melhor . Com Gini em cerca de 0,50 hoje , o Brasil é notadamente uma das nações mais desiguais do planeta . Vivemos aqui o que o economista Edmar Bacha chamou há mais de 30 anos de “ Belíndia ” : uma parte da sociedade vive como se estivesse na Bélgica , a outra leva seus dias igual à população pobre da Índia . Oque pode ser visto a seguir é dominado por municípios do Sul e alguns poucos exemplares do Sudeste . “ As cidades dosão menos desiguais em parte porque a população costuma ser mais educada , a desigualdade educacional costuma ser menor . Sãomais homogêneas ” , afirma Rafael Osório , técnico do Ipea especialista em estudos de distribuição de renda . É preciso considerar que , embora as nações europeias mais prósperas apresentem um baixo índice de Gini , ele não é garantia de , muito menos de riqueza . Como ele mede apenas , países eminentemente pobres , como a Eitópia , não aparecem mal colocadas em rankings internacionais de desigualdade . “ A maioria das pessoas prefere viver em uma sociedade muito rica e desigual do que em uma muito pobre e pouco desigual . A desigualdade do Gini é totalmente relativa ” , ressalta Osório , do . De qualquer forma , a desigualdade de renda é tida como um elemento que atrapalha a coesão social , impedindo que indivíduos – sejam maisou mais pobres – sintam-se parte da mesma sociedade . O– ainda bem – tem caminhado para ser um país menos desigual . E estas cidades estão na frente nesse processo .
Government dumps plan to scrap paper tickets
Posted
The Queensland Government has done a backflip on its plan to scrap paper tickets on the south-east 's public transport network .
Transport Minister Rachel Nolan says paper tickets will remain alongside pre-bought 'go-cards ' .
They say it is too expensive to implement a temporary version of the go-card for tourists and infrequent travellers .
`` We had looked pretty hard into a disposable go-card option or something for short-term users , '' they said .
`` In the end the implementation of that kind of system was going to be quite expensive .
`` Keeping a single paper ticket is frankly quite a simple and easy thing to do . ''
Opposition transport spokesperson Fiona Simpson has welcomed the decision .
`` They were really going to disadvantage all those people who do n't want to use go-cards and who have no alternative , '' they said .
`` This whole process has been shambolic .
`` It 's been so badly planned - the fact that the Government announced they were going to get rid of paper tickets for commuters before they even had a way of doing it . ''
Topics : public-sector , community-and-society , urban-development-and-planning , government-and-politics , brisbane-4000 , australia , qld , maroochydore-4558 , southport-4215 , toowoomba-4350
Yesterday , the Cleveland Indians bolstered their scouting staff by hiring Junie Melendez as an Area Scouting Supervisor . Melendez will oversee the scouting for a region that includes Ohio , Michigan , Indiana and Kentucky .
Melendez played college baseball at the University of Toledo , but went undrafted and unsigned . Melendez comes to an already strong scouting staff that many consider to be in the top ten in Major League Baseball . Due to the fact that the Indians do not have enough money to sign a lot of big name free agents , most of their talent has to be grown from within . Many of the players on their team now , and most of the team that helped Cleveland to two World Series appearances in the 1990s were originally signed either as long term minor league projects or professional baseball players who had just debuted .
General Manager Mark Shapiro takes the scouting side of their job very seriously and they take various trips to the minor league clubs in the organization throughout the year so they can see for themselves how the talent they signed is developing .
After facing many injuries last season , the Indians hope to be able to overcome those in 2009 to make another run at the division title . Scouting has always been , and will probably always have to be a staple of the Indians ' franchise .
Bill Jordan is a contributor to BaseballReflections.com . They can be reached by e-mail at BillJordaniv @ yahoo.com .
Ed Schultz with Russia Today ( RT ) , formerly of MSNBC , told an audience at the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) that Donald Trump promised the American heartland a deal .
“ It 's not a level playing field , ” Schultz told the audience during a panel discussion entitled , “ Free Trade , Fair Trade or Phony Trade . ”
Shultz blasted the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , asserting that the trade deal was set to “ gut the American worker in the heartland . ”
“ Trump went into Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan and Wisconsin and they took down the progressive firewall , because they talked to the American people about a deal , ” Schultz said . “ It was a Wall Street deal , it was not a main street deal , ” they said , referring to the TPP .
Schultz , who hosted a show on MSNBC from 2009 to 2015 , regularly struck a populist tone on their program . “ I did over 107 stories before anyone else [ on TPP ] , ” the current RT host explained Thursday .
“ I went into these towns , and I saw the anguish and the hurt , ” they exclaimed . “ For years , the American heartland thought that Democrats and the progressive movement were their best friend , but guess what ? The jobs left anyways . Donald Trump came in and promised them a deal . ”
The fiery cable news host and radio talk show personality also gave their take on the 2016 election and how Trump won on the ground . “ He [ Trump ] would do five events a day , they [ Clinton ] would do two . They would do six events and they would do three , ” Schultz said , asserting that , “ He outworked her . ”
“ Bilateral trade agreements is the best , ” they argued , lambasting multilateral trade agreements as having too many countries involved .
They also gave their take on China , Canada and NAFTA . “ The United States of America is the largest customer on the face of the earth . China needs America , ” they argued .
In regards to Canada , Trump said that , “ If Trump can get Trudeau to reduce regulations on the environment and on border crossings . ”
“ I do not believe that NAFTA saved the automobile industry , ” they said , asserting that the U.S. treasury saved the industry . The brash TV personality also brought up Brexit and shared their take on the decision of British voters to leave the European Union .
The Brexit vote was in the works for thirty years , the former MSNBC host explained . “ Like Trump 's election , it was a rural and urban vote. ” Schultz did not mince words , and doubled down on the idea that bilateral trade deals , not multilateral trade deals , are the answer .
After the panel discussion , Schultz declined to comment , saying that they could n't speak to the Daily Caller News Foundation . “ Search for some of the stuff you guys have written about me , ” they quipped . ( RELATED : Ed Schulz Charges At Reporter Like A Hippo On PCP )
CPAC officially started Thursday morning and runs through the weekend . Trump is scheduled to speak to the group Friday morning at 10:00 a.m , Eastern time .
Follow Ted on Twitter
Send Tips to ted @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Over the last couple of days I 've received more calls and emails than I can count from people with fear in their voices . They want to know what to make of McCain 's post- convention bounce in the polls . They want to know if Obama can still win . Most of all they want to know what they can do to help .
McCain 's post-convention bounce resulted from two factors :
First , was three days of the Republican Convention , during which large numbers of viewers watched Republicans and fellow travelers like Joe Lieberman repeatedly deliver a carefully crafted message . They blasted Obama . They postured about change . Their kids looked adorable . Subject anyone to largely one-sided messaging for a week and some will be convinced . Some of that will stick ; much will disappear as memories of that experience fades .
Second - and more importantly - McCain 's pick of Sarah Palin moved a lot of white women . The Washington Post poll released today showed white women shifting from an eight-point pre-convention lead for Obama to a 12-point McCain advantage .
What does this mean for the outcome of the race ?
The race today is about even , with McCain having a slight advantage in the popular vote , and Obama having an advantage in electoral votes . The effect of exposure to the convention itself will likely diminish over the next several weeks . In 2004 , Bush moved to a nine-point lead after their convention and most of that gap disappeared within a few weeks .
The long-term effect of the Palin factor is less certain . Much depends on what all of us choose to do now .
There are about ten likely electoral vote scenarios that could develop in this race . In eight of them , Obama is the winner . The underlying desire for change , and the overall disgust with the Bush-Republican administration of the last eight years , is just as real as ever . The website www.Fivethirtyeight.com employs a sophisticated projection model to predict electoral outcomes , and it still gives 61.2 % odds that Obama will win in November .
But this week 's polling numbers have certainly given a wakeup call to lots of Progressives who might have become complacent in their views that Obama 's victory was a lock .
What did we think - that the gang who has run this country for the last eight years would simply roll over and surrender without a fight ? These guys are very good at running elections and they will bite and claw and gouge eyes to win .
Luckily , we do n't have to just sit by and watch from the sidelines , and hope that someone else makes the right call or runs the right TV spots .
There are three steps that every one of us can take that will actually impact directly the ultimate outcome of this race .
1 ) . Remember that you are Obama 's best campaign commercial . Obama made a good deal of progress at their own convention in convincing swing voters they are not just an agent for change , but a `` safe '' choice . But there are still a lot of voters who worry about Obama . They are n't really too worried if they are `` experienced '' enough ( though they may say so ) . The movement of white women to Sarah Palin should put an end to any thought that `` experience '' is the main issue . They are worried if they will `` safely be on their side . ''
The message that is most persuasive at convincing someone that Obama is `` safely on their side '' is having someone who is like them talk to them about why they support Obama - and why they are against McCain-Palin . `` If Mary or Sarah likes Obama I guess they must be OK . ''
If you want to help win this election , it means you might have to break the `` taboo 's '' about not talking about politics with your neighbor or your co-worker . It means you have to bring up the campaign over the lunch table or the backyard fence . It means you ca n't just go along when someone says something like `` Palin is such a breath of fresh air . '' No , you must tell them , actually she 's never been for `` reform '' and they embrace all of the economic policies that allow big companies to make tons of money while incomes of people like us fall .
Want to make calls to swing voters like you in swing states ? The Obama campaign can hook you up with lists to call and get a report from you on the outcome through their website , www.MyBarackObama.com . And do n't feel like the conversations you have are just a drop in the bucket . There will be hundreds of thousands of other volunteers around America who will be doing the same thing .
2 ) . Do n't unwittingly contribute to their narrative . Most swing voters are n't excessively focused on `` experience . '' They think the gang with lots of experience has done a pretty crummy job , at least for them . They want someone who is `` on their side . '' One reason that many white women like and identify with Palin - at least at first blush - is because they think they identify with them .
When Progressives make `` elitist '' attacks on Palin , they just reinforce the right wing narrative that the `` Elitist Eastern Establishment '' is the problem . Do n't patronize the very people we are trying to convince .
From most people 's points of view , the problem with the McCain-Palin ticket is n't so much that Palin is from a small town in rural Alaska and has n't got the experience to run the country . The arguement that is convincing to normal people is that neither McCain nor Palin are what they claim to be - reformers or agents of change . Their campaign is being run by lobbyists for the biggest corporate interests in America -- the same people who ran the Bush campaign . And they are committed to the economic policies that make average people 's incomes drop and reward the very rich .
McCain and Palin act as though they identify with the interests of the guys in the NASCAR grandstand and the women at the PTA - but they are doing the bidding of the guys from Wall Street and the women wearing $ 4,500 outfits like the one Cindy McCain donned for the Republican Convention .
Our assault on McCain and Palin must never be done from an elitist perspective , but from a populist perspective .
3 ) . Take personal responsibility to win this election . More than any election in modern political history , this election will be decided by the work of millions of people who talk to their neighbors , make small donations on the internet and - most importantly - demand that every voter go out to vote .
And I mean demand that every voter go to the polls . To win , we need to change the electorate . In this election , friends do n't let friends not vote . There is too much at stake . The damage of another four years of Bush-McCain economic and foreign policy would be catastrophic for the future of our children , and children all over the world .
The key point is this : do n't just whine to your friends about what the campaign should do , or the party should do , or the candidate should do . Take personal responsibility to do the two things that will win : persuade swing voters , and mobilize voters who wo n't vote unless they are motivated to do so .
The Obama campaign has the best field operation in the history of presidential politics . Join it . Take an assignment . Make contributions on the Internet . Hold a fundraiser . Write a letter to the editor . Most important : do n't sit on the sidelines .
The recent polls should provide a call to arms to everyone who wants change in America or believes in progressive values .
Do n't think what you do is inconsequential or ca n't affect the outcome . My firm , the Strategic Consulting Group , ran the field operation for a wonderful congressional candidate in south Florida in 2000 . We did a great job . We knocked on every door . We pulled out lots of votes . But we lost by 550 votes . It was the same 550 votes that beat Al Gore and gave us George Bush .
If we had just dragged out one more Democrat per precinct in the closing hours of that Election Day , America would have been spared the nightmare of the last eight years . Each of us could decide the outcome of this election , too .
In 2008 , Progressives in America are presented with an unprecedented opportunity to fundamentally change the direction of American politics . As I argued in my book , Stand Up Straight : How Progressives Can Win , we could be on the verge of a new progressive era in America . If we win , progressives will be able to take the offensive and reshape the political and economic structures of our society for the first time in four decades . We can come out of our defensive crouch and help shape a democratic society infused with progressive values , with the fundamental principle that `` we 're all in this together '' not `` all in this alone . ''
But to have that opportunity we have to win - and winning requires that we all stand up now and take the future into our own hands . The game is on . Get out of the stands and onto the field , into the arena . The work we do over the next 56 days could be the most important that any of us will do in our lives . Let 's not miss this precious opportunity to make history .
Philippine police forensic experts were checking if a headless body of a Caucasian man found by villagers in a southern province is that of a Canadian hostage beheaded this week by Muslim extremists , officials said Wednesday .
The body was found beside a dry creek in a mountainous clearing near Talipao town in Sulu province , where Abu Sayyaf militants beheaded John Ridsdel after failing to get a huge ransom by a Monday deadline . Suspected militants later dumped Ridsdel 's head in Sulu 's Jolo town .
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau condemned the brutal killing of Ridsdel , who was kidnapped with a fellow Canadian , a Norwegian and a Filipino woman from a southern marina on Samal island in September and taken by boat to Sulu .
In Canada , Trudeau said they spoke with Philippine President Benigno Aquino III about possible actions against the kidnappers .
`` The discussions I had with President Aquino and are continuing to have with our allies in the Philippines is the need to bring these criminals to justice and to do whatever we can to express that we are very concerned about security of Canadians , '' Trudeau said .
The Canadian leader stressed that `` we will not pay a ransom . ''
Troops search for remaining captives
Under increased pressure , thousands of troops have been searching for the militants and their remaining 22 foreign captives , including those abducted with Ridsdel . They face a dilemma of how to wage an offensive against about 400 militants in Sulu 's vast jungle without endangering the hostages .
About 2,000 military personnel , backed by UH-1 `` Huey '' and MG520 rocket-firing helicopters and artillery , are involved in the manhunt for the militants , who are believed to be massing in Sulu 's mountainous Patikul town , military officials said .
Amid the crisis , a top army official in Sulu , Brig . Gen. Alan Arrojado , resigned Tuesday from their brigade `` due to conflict of approach in addressing the Abu Sayyaf threats '' in the province . They did not elaborate .
The Abu Sayyaf began a series of large-scale abductions after it emerged in the early 1990s as an offshoot of a separatist rebellion by minority Muslims in the southern Philippines .
It has been weakened by more than a decade of government offensives , but has endured largely as a result of large ransom and extortion earnings . The United States and the Philippines have both listed the group as a terrorist organization .
IT turns out you might recognise Big Brother 's Charlie Doherty from Snog , Marry , Avoid .
Yup , the reality babe took part in the BBC Three show back in 2009 – and they looked like a totally different person . The raven-haired , extension loving pole dancer was spending their days on the beach in Ibiza back then , and we hardly recognise them Charlie , then 24 , announced that part of their reason for taking part on the show as for their boyfriend – who at the time was n't Jason Burrill .
BBC3 SNOG , MARRY , AVOID : Recognise this face ?
The sexiest Big Brother housemates The new series of Big Brother returns to Channel 5 on Tuesday 7th June . If you ca n't wait 'til then , check out our poll of the sexiest ever housemates . 1 / 21 Jeany Savage Big Brother 14 : Hazel O'Sullivan
During their introduction video , the reality star expresses their love for fake tan , and revealed they would even use tea bags to make themselves darker when in a pinch . While the cameras follow them as they get ready , they announced : `` I want to see the world , and the world wants to see Charlie . '' The wannabe glamour model also claimed : `` I '' d like to think I could give Katie Price a run for their money with posing . ''
BBC3 BIG BROTHER BABE : Charlie Doherty looks like a completely different person
BBC3 SHOCKING : Charlie was 24 at the time
We 're not too sure Katie would agree with that one , hun . Charlie also admitted they wear make-up to the beach in order to compete with the other girls there . When they finally get introduced to the Snog , Marry , Avoid robot , POD , the machine blasts their outfit choice – a leopard print mini-dress – asking : `` Has a wild animal eaten the rest of your clothes ? ! '' To add insult to injury , Charlie was then shown a cruel video where a selection of men all said they would avoid them
Big Brother 's most controversial moments The most outrageous and shocking moments in the history of Big Brother . 1 / 19 Channel 5 Nicola kisses Calum Best
BBC3 WHO IS THAT ? We 're not sure we 'd have recognised the reality star
CH 5 AS WE KNOW Them NOW : What a difference !
However , help is on the way , as the team give them a make-under . The look did n't stick forever though – and neither did their boyfriend – as now know they went on to find love with body double Jason before dying their hair blonde once again . Since appearing on the Channel 5 reality show , viewers have been keen to see how Charlie 's desperate attempts to win Jason back will turn out .
BBC3 MAKE UNDER : The team changed Charlie 's look
CH 5 ROMANCE ? Charlie is desperate to win their Jason back
In a crucial victory for Texas women and families , a federal district court held unconstitutional a law requiring physicians who provide abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital . The Texas court based its decision on evidence showing that the law would not protect women in any way , and would have a devastating effect on women in the state . Indeed , the court expressly found that the law has “ no rational relationship to improved patient care ” and serves no “ valid purpose. ” That is why leading medical experts , including the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the Texas Hospital Association , all opposed the law .
The importance of today 's ruling can not be overstated . Without it , more than one in three health centers in Texas would have closed . Women who already are struggling to pay rent and put food on the table for their families would have had to travel hundreds of miles to obtain abortion care . Luckily , the court 's decision protects those women .
But , unfortunately , the fight is far from over . Less than an hour after the decision , the state of Texas had already filed its appeal .
The ACLU is challenging similar laws in Alabama and Wisconsin where these laws threaten to shut down at least half the women 's health centers in each state . Comparable laws are being challenged in North Dakota and Mississippi , where they threaten to shut down the sole providers in each state .
The courts are recognizing that these laws are nothing but backdoor attempts to shut down women 's health centers and outlaw abortions . It 's long past time for politicians to stop interfering with a woman 's personal decision-making and to leave the medical decisions to a woman and their doctor .
Ross Douthat nails it in their NY Times blog post-mortem :
And nobody , but nobody , cared how many millions liberal billionaires spent trying to make climate change an issue .
Andrew Restuccia notes in Politico :
For Tom Steyer and other environmentalists , $ 85 million was n't enough to help Democrats keep the Senate blue or win more than a single governor 's mansion in Tuesday 's toughest races . The billionaire 's super PAC and other green groups saw the vast majority of their favored candidates in the battleground states go down to defeat , despite spending an unprecedented amount of money to help climate-friendly Democrats in the midterm elections .
Will Bunch in the Philadelphia Daily News :
This was one of the dogs that did n't bark in the 2014 election , even after liberal billionaire Tom Steyer spent an estimated $ 70 million to promote the issue and a new U.N. report Sunday warned of “ severe , pervasive , and irreversible ” global warming that will worsen without environmental policy changes . Robert Brulle , professor of sociology and environmental science at Drexel University , said a GOP-led Congress is more likely to try to stop Obama 's Environmental Protection Agency from imposing new regulations on power plants than endorsing any additional steps to reduce U.S. carbon pollution . Said Brulle : “ I am not an optimist about us doing anything – I think it looks bad for political action on climate change in any way . ”
The Keystone pipeline appears to have a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate , according to the National Journal :
Following an election night that saw anti-Keystone Democrats replaced by pro-Keystone Republicans , the oil-sands pipeline project now appears to have at least 60 supporting votes . That means legislation forcing approval of the long-delayed project may be headed to President Obama . Before the election , at least 57 senators could be counted on to support pro-Keystone legislation , but that was never enough to beat a filibuster from the project 's opponents . . . And none of the 57 seats that were held by pro-Keystone lawmakers were surrendered to anti-pipeline newcomers .
That ought to harsh Tom Steyer 's mellow . I say make them spend it all in 2016 . After that perhaps he 'll go back to investing in coal plants again .
Texas senate candidate Ted Cruz ( R ) turned to outer space on Sunday to make a political point .
In an interview on `` Fox News Sunday , '' the Tea Party favorite stressed their willingness to work with anyone to reduce the United States ' fiscal strains . In the process , Cruz quipped about a party from another planet .
`` I am perfectly happy to compromise and work with anybody , '' Cruz said . `` Republicans , Democrats , Libertarians . I 'll work with Martians . If -- and the if it is critical -- they 're willing to cut spending and reduce the debt . ''
Cruz is vying for retiring Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison 's seat . On July 31 , they captured the GOP nomination in convincing fashion , defeating Republican favorite and Lt. Gov David Dewhurst in a runoff election . In the general election , Cruz will face off against former Texas State Rep. Paul Sadler ( D ) , the winner of the Democratic Party runoff .
`` We are witnessing a great awakening , '' Cruz told supporters shortly after Dewhurst 's concession last Tuesday . `` Millions of Texans , millions of Americans are rising up to reclaim our country , to defend liberty and to restore the Constitution . ''
Cruz has received a wave of support from notable Tea Party names , including former Alaska Gov . and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin and Sen. Jim DeMint ( R-S.C. ) . In their Fox News sunday appearance , Cruz vowed that the movement will continue to gain momentum until government spending comes under control .
“ The principles voters are looking for are not that complicated , '' they said . `` Live within your means . Do n't spend money you do n't have . ”
I think The Ubyssey did the right thing when they released the broad-based admissions marking criteria . However , I was n't surprised when not everyone agreed with me .
I 'll be straight with you — I think that UBC has a lot of very serious problems and transparency is chief among them . If any one of you trusts UBC 's administration , taken as a whole , to be forthcoming with information , I 'd point to the handling of Stephen Galloway , # GuptaGate and the sexual assaults which came to light earlier last year . In any situation where someone is pushing UBC to be more accountable to students , I 'm automatically cheering for them . I have bias . That said , I think that the release of the criteria is a good thing for everyone .
When I was applying , I got some help on my personal profile from my school counsellor , my parents and a few friends . They read my statements over and gave me some pretty valuable feedback . But I knew people who had connections at UBC or went to private schools where there were staff members who basically just reviewed applications . I do n't know what their applications looked like , but I would imagine they were pretty stunning .
I also knew people who struggled to put together their applications because they were working a serious job or dealing with issues at home . The quality of your personal profile is meant to be indicative of , apparently , your leadership , sense of self and resilience , among other things . Notably absent from that list is how well-connected you are . Now that the criteria are out in the open , everyone is starting from a similar place .
The release of the rubrics raises concerns that the system will now be gamed . The CBC compared it to an answer key . If you know what UBC is looking for , what 's to stop you from telling them exactly what they want to hear ? I 'm not sure they actually read the criteria . There are no secrets and you 're not going to be able to fake what UBC wants . According to the rubric , an answer that scores five out of five demonstrates “ a rare level of accomplishment and maturity. ” If you can fake maturity and accomplishment — and I 'm not sure you can — you were probably going to do it already . People have been stretching the truth on their applications forever and the release of this information is n't going to make it any worse .
A lot of people do n't have the benefit of older siblings or school counselors who are n't totally overwhelmed trying to make sure their students graduate , let alone get into UBC . Our commitment to equity and assisting disadvantaged groups is often stated , but apparently only begins once you get in . The applications process was uneven .
The often repeated concern that anyone can now write a perfect application simply has no grounding . You ca n't ace your personal profile unless you already have the traits they 're looking for , but you have access to some of the help that your more affluent peers do . The only change I think we 'll see is an increase in the quality of both applications and successful applicants now that hitting the right notes is no longer a matter of luck or who you know .
I can definitely see reasons why UBC did n't want to share the information , but they 're all ultimately self-serving . UBC 's repeated appeals were n't in the best interests of students , and they certainly were n't worth all of the time and money wasted over this . Please , UBC — next time The Ubyssey asks for something , just give it to them and buy everyone a beer with the money you saved .
John Harvey is a sixth-year engineering physics student
Are you looking for a nice groundcover ? A substitute for a grass lawn ? Let me suggest Roman chamomile ( Chamaemelum nobile ) . It 's not from Rome as its name suggests . Instead it was given that name by a German botanist who was visiting Rome and saw it there . It has also been called English chamomile because it has so often been used in England for lawns and between pavers .
Roman chamomile flowers have the same taste and same soothing effects as German chamomile flowers but the plants look very different . German chamomile is a tall annual plant . Roman chamomile is a shorter perennial plant that sprawls rather than growing upright . Both plants are related to ragweed so if you are allergic to ragweed , you should n't drink chamomile tea made from either kind of chamomile .
Native to Western Europe through Northern Ireland , Roman chamomile is hardy in zones 4 through 9 . It prefers full sun but will tolerate some shade . The plants themselves grow 3 to 6 inches in height . The flowers , which appear in June and last through September , grow on stalks that are 8 inches tall . You can mow the plants but that will mean sacrificing the flowers which add a nice touch of color to your lawn or path . Plus you can make tea from them .
If you are going to use Roman chamomile as a lawn or on a path , use it in a lightly travelled area . It will not stand up to heavy traffic . It is also useful as an edging or in a rock garden .
You can grow Roman chamomile from seeds , cuttings or divisions . Unless you mow the flowers , it will readily self-seed itself in your garden although it does n't reproduce as prolifically as German chamomile . You can direct sow the seed in your garden after your last frost . Surface sows the seed and keep the bed evenly moist . Seedlings should be planted 6 to 12 inches apart . This will allow the plants space to sprawl . Maximum sprawl is 12 inches .
After the first flush of flowers , it 's a good idea to cut them back , rather than allowing them to go to seed . The plants will continue growing and will produce a second flush of flowers . The foliage will die back completely in the fall . It should be removed from the garden and composted .
William Sharkey 's The Theory of Natural Monopoly concludes : “ A definitive answer to the question of whether or not the [ telco ] industry is a natural monopoly has not been given . Indeed , there can be no simple answer to this question .
“ Quite clearly , the industry has many of the characteristics of a natural monopoly . ''
The Vertigan panel adopted three principles it claims are consistent with competition principles arising from the Hilmer review of competition policy . These were that competition should be promoted unless there are compelling reasons to believe it will be inefficient .
Second , that any government business enterprise be structured in a way that promotes competitive markets and third , that while devising the efficient market structure invariably involves trade-offs , these are best undertaken by the competitive process itself .
Proposition without support
The third is the most problematic . It makes an assumption about the dynamic evolution of markets , that the natural endpoint of such evolution is competition , not monopoly . This is not a proposition empirically supported in any other industry .
Even old-style industries like motor vehicles , retailing and brewing have shown an inexorable move to greater concentration and less competition . It reflects the role of government in a market economy , which is one of market design . It is instructive to look at the application of these principles in the electricity market .
They were writing in 1982 and describing the vertically integrated Bell system ( and they were employed in Bell labs ) .
Advertisement
The first decision was structural . The four elements of activity – retail supply , distribution , transmission and generation – were structurally separated . The elements best suited to competition were opened up .
overnments have determined they should not be owners of businesses in competitive markets , and many have been divested .
Parts of the transmission network are owned by the relevant distribution companies and other parts are in third-party hands . The reason for the originally divergent approach between telecommunications and electricity is largely technology-based . The initial regulatory decisions were made before the public internet arrived and before the deployment of ADSL .
The US experiment with separating AT & T between regional operating companies and long distance companies was already unravelling .
The distribution networks and the associated transmission components are the analog of the NBN Co access network and its transit network . Nowhere in Australia is anyone proposing that these networks be subject to “ infrastructure based competition . ''
It was however recognised by Labor that the opportunity for structural reform would occur when a new access network was built .
Stand-alone monopoly is a superior design
That 's why structural reform was a key element of the original NBN tender in 2008 , a provision that resulted in Telstra 's decision not to put in their full-bid document .
Advertisement
Maybe Labor had long memories . In August 1993 , AAPT proposed to ATUG a response to a proposal by the Government to initiate a fibre-to-the-home project . The proposal with Minister Bob Collins was for a stand-alone company to provide and operate a fibre distribution network offering non-discriminatory access .
A stand-alone regulated monopoly distribution network is a superior market design over any model proposing infrastructure-based competition . The level of public policy analysis needs to move beyond genuflecting to competition and engage in market design .
If that proposition is accepted , there are two other issues to consider .
The first is the appropriate form of ownership of that network , and the second is the question of pricing .
Opponents of the monopoly access network model point to the competitive market in the US . The market shares of the four largest firms ( Comcast ( 22 per cent ) , AT & T ( 18 per cent ) , Time Warner Cable ( 13 per cent ) , Verizon ( 10 per cent ) mask the fact that this is a series of geographic duopolies as noted in Appendix G of the Vertigan Cost Benefit Analysis report .
That market structure has its own difficulties , most notably the debate about net neutrality which is a consequence of this structure . It also means there is no vibrant market of independent ISPs , which is why Google moved its fibre model from an open access one to a vertically integrated one .
Competition between copper and HFC is intermodal competition , akin to competition between electricity and gas networks . Each has strengths over the other for different applications ( HFC is better for TV , gas is better for heat ) .
But fibre today outperforms both copper and HFC in long run costs for all applications . However , it will still face some intermodal competition from mobiles , though developments like Telstra 's WiFi plans increasingly makes that a complementary service .
Advertisement
The argument for privatisation of NBN needs to be conducted in the context of the conclusion that it is operating a natural monopoly carefully designed to be restricted to those elements .
Regulating government ownership
The proposition that NBN could be more efficient as a private sector firm relies on a conflict between the firm 's incentive to maximise profit and the regulatory objective of maximising consumption . It also ignores the well-understood problem – that the management of a firm does n't always pursue the objectives of the owner .
The alternative is to regulate by government ownership . Ultimately , this has the benefit of simplifying the incentive structure .
Economic theory says that as a private sector firm it will restrict output to increase prices to maximise its economic profit and that this is an inefficient outcome . Economic efficiency therefore requires regulation .
The shareholder ministers can directly incentivise management to achieve the social objective of maximising consumption subject to the constraint of long-term cost recovery .
Well-structured public ownership is a more efficient way to ensure the most socially optimal outcome .
The review panel also runs the standard argument based on the theory of competition that prices should reflect costs . This argument always concludes that prices in regional areas should be higher , and if there is a desire for other than efficiency outcomes to equalise prices , this should be done via a subsidy .
What looks good in theory fails in practice because a thorough costing exercise identifies that the cost for every individual service is different . In the real world , firms always make cost averaging decisions to inform prices .
This makes exercises in transparent subsidies fraught by decisions about where to draw the boundaries . No matter where the boundaries are drawn , setting prices on average costs means there are always loss-making customers .
Even were the market to be as simple as two geographic areas , each with a natural monopoly , each with uniform but different costs , the transparent subsidy approach results in additional transaction costs that are avoided by internal cross-subsidy .
Share . How Darhk targeting William will change things . How Darhk targeting William will change things .
You 'll be seeing a lot of Stephen Amell as Oliver Queen on TV this week , though it will include two dramatically different versions of Green Arrow .
On Wednesday , in Arrow , Oliver will discover that Damien Darhk ( Neal McDonough ) has taken their son , William . That big episode also includes the live-action debut of Vixen ( Megalyn Echikunwoke ) , after the character was introduced in animation last year .
Amell will then appear the very next night on DC 's Legends of Tomorrow , as the Legends team finds themselves in 2046 , where they encounter an older and notably altered Oliver .
With so much underway in the Arrow-verse , I had a lengthy conversation with Amell about both series .
I 'll be running the second section , focused on Legends of Tomorrow , on Wednesday [ Update : Click here for Part two ! ] . In the meantime , check out what Amell has to say about Damien targeting William , what William 's very existence means to Oliver and Felicity 's relationship , the introduction of Vixen and much more .
IGN TV : We 've got two big shows to talk about , but let me start off with Arrow . Damien Darhk has certainly found a way to cross a new line , going after William . Suffice to say Oliver is going to be pretty pissed off about this situation ?
Stephen Amell : Yeah , it 's kind of an unprecedented pissed off for Oliver , because he 's never had to deal with this before . There are instincts that exist as a brother , as a son , as a boyfriend/finance/lover , as a best friend , but those instincts pale in comparison to the instincts of a father , and that 's a dangerous spot for Oliver . If he 's not making sound decisions against an opponent like Damien Darhk , then he 's going to be in big trouble .
Exit Theatre Mode
IGN : Of course , in the middle of this , this is all news to not just Felicity but a lot of people except for Thea right now , but is there even time to deal with the `` I have a son '' of it all given the fact that this boy 's life is in danger ?
Amell : No , there 's not . Felicity finds out , and then there 's a quick moment where everyone on the team that does n't know about it finds out . So there 's the fact that I kept a secret from Felicity . There 's also the consideration of Laurel doing the math and figuring out who William is , who their mother is and when they were conceived , which is also something that we have to touch on in the episode .
IGN : Yeah , that 's a dicey situation . [ Laughs ]
Amell : It is a dicey situation ! But that all has to wait , and I was actually very happy -- because it would have been easy to get stuck in the melodrama of that situation when , realistically , there 's a mother [ Samanatha ] who 's lost their child , a father who 's lost their son and an understandably worried mother . So we compartmentalize all of that stuff in pursuit of William .
IGN : They set up Oliver having a son a couple years ago on the show , and it was always kind of there in the background . Do you like that now 's the time that you guys are really delving into what it means that Oliver has a son ?
Amell : Yeah , I have to say , just from a personal standpoint , I think that this is probably my favorite storyline , for a variety of reasons . The fact that we introduced it in Season 2 , I was actually part of the pitch for touching on it again in Season 3 , and then the fact that we got into it this year with a little bit more depth -- just the fact that we 've been able to tell a story over the course of three years is not something that a lot of television shows are able to say . So many things have to go right for you to be able to tease and tell a story over the course of three years . It 's very rare . I 'm very proud of it , and I think everyone involved has done a good job . It 's not that it ends this week , but it 's a very definitive chapter in the story .
IGN : And then of course in the midst of this , this episode is also introducing Vixen into the show and into live-action . How do they come into this story ?
Amell : Megalyn did a fantastic job . They were such a pleasure to have on set , to work with . They had obviously voiced the character , but they dropped right into the action of it . She 's just a totally kick-ass , badass , interesting character that I hope we get to see again , certainly somewhere within this DC universe , whether they get their own show or comes back and plays with us for a little bit .
You know , every time that Team Arrow goes up against Damien Darhk , he 's just summarily defeated them quickly and efficiently and without a ton of effort . So Oliver , once they find out that Darhk has William , he 's just going to go back at Darhk in the same way that he 's been going all season , and it 's actually the team , Felicity in particular , that talks them out of their thing . Basically , `` This is the definition of insanity . You 're just doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result , '' which prompts Oliver to think outside the box and track down Vixen .
Continue to Page 2 as Amell discusses what it 's like adjusting to a superhero costume , the mystery of who 's in the grave , Felicity 's long-term reaction to finding out about William and more .
Detroit Mower Gang 6 Gallery : Detroit Mower Gang
Tom Nardone , Detroit Mower Gang philanthropist , avant garde pumpkin carver and successful Birmingham business person , is known for taking a bold , fresh approach in life .
Their Detroit Mower Gang sprouted from their mantra , `` something is greater than nothing . ''
The former engineer and family man bought a mower on Craig 's List and mowed an overgrown park in Detroit because they wanted to give back .
The impromptu volunteer outfit came to be when Nardone began seeking help from others with riding mowers on some bigger projects .
Now with dozens of members , the Detroit Mower Gang still tries to head out once a week during the warmer months to beautify the city and give kids of Detroit a proper place to play .
Nardone and others were asked what there hope is for Detroit in 2013 .
This is what Nardone wrote to MLive Detroit in an email :
What 's your hope for Detroit in 2013 ? Feel free to share in the comment section below .
Related :
McDonald 's ' Vitriolic Hate
It seems every week I open the Letters section of the City Weekly , there 's yet another rant by Stuart McDonald . Whether the issue is or is n't caused by the LDS Church , we can be sure McDonald 's words are fueled by hate .
In last week 's issue , they blamed Mormon Republicans obeying the LDS Church for not expanding Medicaid [ `` Medicaid Insanity , '' Letters , Aug. 27 ] . McDonald thinks the church is against expansion because it wants control as to who gets health benefits in Utah . McDonald then goes on to call church leaders `` monsters . ''
This is ludicrous on several fronts : First , in thinking the church wants to control everyone 's access to health care—which is funny , because the Republicans think President Obama is the one who wants control .
Second , when Gov . Gary Herbert , who is Mormon , announced their plan to expand Medicaid , the presiding bishop of the church was in attendance . A few days later , the Deseret News—which , as McDonald often says , is the `` rag '' of the LDS Church—came out in support of the governor 's plan .
Third , maybe , just maybe , the Republican-controlled Legislature does n't want to expand Medicaid for the same reasons 19 other Republican-controlled states—including Wisconsin , Florida , Wyoming , South Dakota and Texas—have n't expanded Medicaid .
The Legislature only listens to the LDS Church when it is convenient . The recent prison move shows politicians actually worship money and are lap dogs of lobbyists .
McDonald 's vitriol only hurts , not helps . They are not attacking the real problem while at the same time , alienating people . Keep McDonald 's hate and bigotry out of the City Weekly .
If I wanted to read this , I 'd read the Tribune 's comment section or Westboro Baptist Church 's propaganda .
Bryan White
South Jordan
Monster-Mongering by McDonald
Regular readers of City Weekly and other local newspapers are no strangers to Stuart McDonald 's open disdain for all things and people LDS . Their latest rant , [ `` Medicaid Insanity , '' Aug. 27 , Letters , City Weekly ] comes as no particular surprise .
But their accusations of efforts on the part of LDS Church leaders to oppose Medicaid expansion under the ACA is simply ludicrous , blatantly false and slanderous .
McDonald further alleges the same church leaders are `` monsters '' whose purported refusal to support Medicaid expansion has apparently caused `` suffering and death '' to unnamed victims who otherwise would presumably have received Medicaid-covered services .
Freedom of speech is a wonderful thing . But as the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan said , `` everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but not to their own facts . '' When accusations this serious are presented absent any corroborating facts , it serves no purpose other than perpetuating the all too common animosity between believer and non-believer and provides no positive contribution to rational public discourse . Controlling monsters that have caused suffering and death ? Hardly .
These so-called monsters have established and provided humanitarian services around the world , including life-sustaining food and clean water , immunizations , maternal and newborn care , vision care , wheelchairs , disaster relief , emergency response , and much more . Millions of people in well over 100 countries have benefitted from these services . Those are facts , the accuracy of which is easily confirmed .
The free and open exchange of ideas and opinions is a welcome and necessary part of a democratic society , except when that discourse is also free of truth and facts .
Alan Hughes
Orem
Correction : Richard Mack was Sheriff in Graham County , Ariz. City Weekly 's Aug. 27 news story `` Armed Resistance '' stated an incorrect county .
PAS ' Nasruddin Hassan . — Picture by Yusof Mat Isa
KUALA LUMPUR , Sept 16 ― Islamist party PAS today insisted that an annual craft beer festival here should be called off , arguing that the consumption of alcohol is not an “ Eastern culture ” .
PAS information chief Nasrudin Hassan stressed that the Better Beer Festival 2017 that was scheduled for early next month should be cancelled immediately , claiming that it would be a detrimental event .
“ Furthermore , the consumption of alcohol is not an Eastern culture and is also prohibited in religion , ” the Temerloh MP said in a statement today .
They did not elaborate however on how consuming alcohol was not an eastern culture , but went on to say that Islam had firm teachings about the consumption of alcohol and cited the Muslims ' revered Prophet Muhammad as saying that alcohol was the “ mother of all evils ” .
“ It not only endangers someone 's life , but also threatens social safety by leading to various sexual crimes and other violence , ” they claimed when commenting on the negative effects of drinking alcohol .
They alleged that 45 to 46 per cent of crimes in the UK resulted from alcohol consumption , but did not elaborate on where they had obtained the purported figures .
“ Although this festival does not involve Muslims at all , it has no guarantees about the threat to safety that will arise due to the consumption of alcohol , ” they said .
They claimed that the country was taking a backward move with the alleged promotion of alcohol through the festival , saying that the World Health Organisation 's 2010 report titled “ Global Strategy to Reduce the Harmful Use of Alcohol ” indicated that alcohol had become a global threat .
“ The question is , what do we want to show the external society ? When there are many more unique parts of the country that can be highlighted that foreign countries can follow . Furthermore the majority of religions adhered to by the society in Malaysia also rejects the consumption of alcohol , so why should it be defended ? ” they asked .
Accusing the festival 's organisers of being insensitive to the local Muslims , Nasrudin said PAS hopes that the authorities would block the event from going on .
Nasrudin statement comes almost a week after their party colleague Dr Riduan Mohd Nor called for the craft beer festival to be cancelled , ostensibly over concerns that Kuala Lumpur would be known globally as Asia 's vice hub .
Nasrudin said their statement comes after remarks by politician Datuk Teng Chang Khim , who is an exco member in Selangor ― the state that shares borders with the capital city Kuala Lumpur .
When asked to comment on the issue as events linked to Oktoberfest have also been organised by the private sector in Selangor , Teng was on Monday quoted by local daily Oriental Daily as saying : “ Our country is a democratic country , PAS can continue to voice out its objections , Oktoberfest can also carry on as usual . ”
Malay Mail Online had previously contacted the Better Beer Festival 's organisers , but have yet to receive a response .
This year 's Better Beer Festival , which is its 6th edition , will be held from October 6 to October 7 in Publika . It is expected to showcase 250 different craft beers from 43 independent breweries across 12 countries and will also feature food and live music performances .
Both the festival 's website and official Facebook page states that it is a “ non-Muslim ” event and that it will be collaborating with ride-share company Uber for a “ Do n't Drink and Drive ” campaign where festival participants would get promo codes for their ride home .
New Orleans Saints all-time leading receiver Marques Colston has been informed he 'll be released by the only NFL club for which they have played during their 10-year pro career , said a person familiar with the decision .
The person spoke to The Associated Press Wednesday on condition of anonymity because the move , which was first reported by ESPN , has not been announced or made official with the league office .
The 32-year-old Colston , a seventh-round draft choice out of Hofstra in 2006 , owns Saints receiving records for catches with 711 , yards with 9,759 and touchdowns with 72 .
Playing through various injuries in recent years , Colston had their least productive season in 2015 , with 520 yards and four TDs .
Cutting Colston will provide New Orleans more than $ 3 million in salary-cap relief .
The 6-foot-4 Colston jelled quickly in their rookie season with quarterback Drew Brees , who was then in their first season with New Orleans . Colston caught 70 passes for 1,038 yards and eight touchdowns in 2006 , when the Saints , in their first year back in the Superdome after Hurricane Katrina , made a surprising run to the NFC championship game .
Colston had their most productive season in 2007 , with 98 receptions for 1,202 yards and 11 touchdowns . That was the second in what would be eight seasons with 900 or more yards receiving , including in 2009 , the club 's lone championship season , when they caught 70 passes for 1,074 and nine touchdowns .
As recently as the 2014 season , Colston surpassed the 900-yard mark , an indication that , if healthy , they are not that far removed from putting up numbers commensurate with an upper echelon NFL starter .
Last season , Brees routinely spoke of how invaluable they thought Colston was as a leader among the receiving corps and still as a target on the field in clutch situations , even though their overall numbers were down and they were routinely given days off from practice to rest their battered body .
`` He is the epitome of a professional , '' Brees said late last season . `` He is such a calming force and he 's played so much football . They are really able to communicate those things to those guys just in the way that they know the nuances of the offense ... Their influence is felt even if they are not the one that is necessarily catching the ball . They have been a big impact on the offense and those guys . ''
Saints coach Sean Payton also was highly complimentary of Colston in mid-December , when the receiver was coming off of a two-touchdown game in a victory at Tampa Bay .
`` He has optimized consistency . Looking at the number of milestones that they have hit , they have always been very reliable , '' Payton said . `` He has strong hands in traffic and you know exactly what you are getting in regards to their location catching radius -- there are so many things they have been consistent with over their career . They have optimized which you look for in a pro player , especially at the time they have done it . ''
Corbis / Bettmann Harland Sanders , the founder of Kentucky Fried Chicken , died in 1980 at the age of 90
When I read last week that a majority of Americans ages 18 to 25 did n't know who is a Colonel Sanders was , I was shocked . According to USA Today , 61 % of respondents did n't know who the guy with the beard in the KFC logo was . What ? They do n't know who the most famous chicken icon in the world is ? A face that says `` fried chicken '' to hungry people from China to Peru ?
For anyone who grew up in America in the second half of the 20th century , the Colonel was a true icon . You did n't need to be able to read to know who they are ; you did n't even need to watch TV . Anyone who drove a mile in any direction would see their beaming , grandfatherly visage and white suit and know that Kentucky Fried Chicken could be found there . Maybe not everybody knew that they were the chain 's founder or remembered their TV commercials from the '60s and '70s , when they talked about how each piece was dipped in an `` egg warsh '' before frying . But , at least , they knew they were real . Half of the young adults in the survey , which was ordered up by the chain , assumed that they were the creation of KFC , rather than the other way around . ( See TIME 's photo-essay on food as pop culture . )
I find this very disturbing . And not because I 'm in the process of writing a book about Colonel Sanders . I do n't expect anybody under 25 to read it  or anybody else , for that matter . But it hurts me as an American to think that so many people lack such a basic piece of cultural information . I mean , it 's one thing to not know who Thomas Jefferson was or when the Vietnam War ended . College professors brace themselves for the ignorance of their charges and , in fact , have a good laugh about it every year , when two academics in Wisconsin circulate , with much fanfare , a list of how much the incoming freshmen do n't know .
But by not knowing that Harland David Sanders was an actual man , who lived an actual life , people miss out on more than they might imagine . For one thing , the Colonel was n't just a fast-food baron who represented their company on TV , the way Dave Thomas ( a Sanders protégé ) later did . Sanders was the living embodiment of what their food supposedly stood for . Their white suit was n't the invention of a marketing committee ; they wore it every day and was never seen in public for the last 20 years of their life in anything else . ( He had a heavy wool one for winter and a lighter cotton one for summer . ) They were a failure who got fired from a dozen jobs before starting their restaurant , and then failed at that when they went out of business and found themselves broke at the age of 65 . They drove around in a Cadillac with their face painted on the side before anybody knew who they are , pleading with the owners of run-down diners to use their recipe and give them a nickel commission on each chicken . They slept in the back of the car and made handshake deals . Their first marriage was a difficult one , so they divorced their wife after 39 years . ( His second marriage was much happier . ) They once shot a man in a gun battle , but was never charged as the other guy started it . They were a lawyer who once assaulted their own client in court . They were indeed a Kentucky Colonel , an honorary title given to them by not one but two governors . They were a Rotarian and a Presbyterian , and they deserve to be remembered at least for having a verifiable existence . ( See pictures of what the world eats . )
But after they died , at the age of 90 in 1980 , their image was up for grabs . By the 1980s , the Old South was not the most appealing image for a national chain . Nor was fried chicken any longer the perfect food to feed your family in a time when calorie-counting and healthy choices were already becoming omnipresent concerns . The Colonel was for a time even transformed into a frisky cartoon character who danced around , dunked basketballs and affected hip-hop lingo when they are n't plugging Pokémon toys . Later , perhaps in a fit of remorse , KFC outfitted them in an apron to remind the world of their culinary skill .
Since the Colonel 's death , their company has changed its name , dropping Kentucky Fried Chicken for the more generic and unthreatening initials KFC , even going so far as to suggest that the letters stood for `` Kitchen Fresh Chicken . '' Nobody was fooled . Frequently KFC has wanted to shift its identity to something more in keeping with the times , but it is yoked to the Colonel and their fried legacy . And its inability to change is , in fact , the best thing about it . There is no `` original recipe '' for McDonald 's ; that company can change the way it makes burgers tomorrow , just like it has in the past . The food at Taco Bell does n't reference any particular place or time ; there 's nobody to recognize , no frame of reference to miss . Many KFC franchisees , particularly in the South , wish that Yum ! Brands , KFC 's parent , would see that , and these franchisees feel so strongly about the matter that they have sued KFC . They feel that KFC 'S rebranding efforts hurt the brand , and could n't care less if the chain 's core product is `` relevant , '' as KFC puts it .
It 's hard not to see at least some grounds for their position . After all , Colonel Sanders ' 11 secret herbs and spices are their greatest asset . That recipe is kept in a vault deep inside corporate headquarters in Lexington , Ky. , surrounded by motion detectors and surveillance cameras ; only two executives have access to it at any time . Inside that vault , those spices are written on a piece of notebook paper , in pencil , in Sanders ' own hand . I 'm told that the paper is yellowing and the handwriting , by now , is faint . That fragile connection to a real man and a real vision is what makes KFC unique . I wish more people would appreciate that .
Ozersky is a James Beard Awardwinning food writer and the author of The Hamburger : A History . Their food video site , Ozersky.TV , is updated daily . They are currently at work on a biography of Colonel Sanders . Taste of America , Ozersky 's food column for TIME.com , appears every Wednesday .
See TIME 's Pictures of the Week .
Baghdad , Iraq ( CNN ) The United States has made an urgent call for calm in northern Iraq as Kurdish fighters and Iraqi forces -- two of Washington 's key allies in the region -- clash over disputed territory .
Iraqi forces seized the coveted oil-rich city of Kirkuk on Monday after three years under Kurdish control . The Kurds took control of the city after Iraqi government forces abandoned it during ISIS ' lightning offensive in 2014 .
On Tuesday , Iraqi forces took another Kurdish-held town -- Sinjar , near the Iraq-Syria border -- that the Kurds wrested from ISIS control in 2015 , said Brig . Gen. Yehya Rasool , spokesperson of the Iraqi Joint Operation Command . Rasool promised a detailed statement , outlining all the locales retaken by Iraqi forces , later Tuesday .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi made clear their forces would eventually come back for Kirkuk , and they ordered the operation to `` secure '' it is Sunday , weeks after the Kurds held an independence referendum claiming the disputed city as their own .
An estimated 61,200 people were displaced around Kirkuk the past two days , according to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs .
Emergency food rations and other aid is being provided to families sheltering in public spaces , the office said in a statement Tuesday .
`` Authorities have confirmed that the majority of displaced families from Kirkuk are already returning to their homes in Kirkuk city , '' said Lise Grande , UN humanitarian coordinator for Iraq . `` Most of the families who are still displaced are staying with families and host communities . ''
`` We call on all parties to do everything possible to shield and protect all civilians impacted by the current situation , '' they said .
At least 16 Kurdish fighters were killed in the operation , Kurdish Peshmerga commanders said , saying Iraqi forces used US-supplied weapons against them .
Massoud Barzani , president of the Kurdish Regional Government in Iraq , issued a statement saying that the events in Kirkuk were the work of `` a few people in Kurdish politics and the government of Baghdad . As a result , Peshmerga were ordered to pull back . ''
In another version of the statement posted on Barzani 's English-language website , they said , `` Some people from a certain political party had unilaterally paved the way for such an attack , whose result was the withdrawal of the Peshmerga forces from Kirkuk . ''
A dilemma for US
President Donald Trump insisted Washington would not take sides in the dispute .
`` We do n't like the fact that they 're clashing . We 're not taking sides , '' Trump told reporters at the White House . `` We 've had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds as you know , and we 've also been on the side of Iraq , even though we should have never been there in the first place . ''
Asked who controls Kirkuk , a spokesperson for the US-led coalition , Col. Ryan Dillon , said that was a question for the Iraqi government and the coalition 's focus is fighting ISIS .
`` We do n't have advisers and people on the ground with the Iraqi security force or the Peshmerga elements that are in and around Kirkuk , '' Dillon said .
Meanwhile , Germany was in talks with the coalition after temporarily suspending its efforts to train the Peshmerga . The Federal Ministry of Defense said it will `` make a situation-based decision whether to resume training , '' a spokesperson said .
The operation puts the United States in a dilemma and highlights the complexities of the fight against ISIS : Washington arms and supports both the Iraqi forces and Kurdish fighters . It also raises the long-unanswered questions of how territory might eventually be divided along ethnic lines if ISIS is finally defeated .
Iraqi forces advance Monday to the center of Kirkuk during the operation against Kurdish fighters .
The State Department called for calm .
`` The United States is very concerned by reports of violence around Kirkuk , Iraq . We are monitoring the situation closely and call on all parties to coordinate military activities and restore calm , '' spokesperson Heather Nauert said in a statement .
The United States is trying to get its allies in Iraq to stay focused on ISIS , but as the extremist group is now close to defeat in the country , both sides are concerned about where lines will be drawn over territory formerly held by the group .
`` We strongly urge all parties to avoid provocations that can be exploited by Iraq 's enemies who are interested in fueling ethnic and sectarian conflict , '' Nauert said . `` In particular , we note that there is still much work to be done to defeat ISIS in Iraq , and continued tensions between Iraqi and Kurdish forces distract from this vital mission . The United States will continue to stand with our Iraqi partners to ensure ISIS ' defeat . ''
What 's happening ?
The Iraqi operation began Sunday with forces seizing key assets , including the Baba Karkar oil and gas field and the K1 military base , Iraqi counterterrorism spokesperson Sabah al-Noman told CNN . By Monday , Iraqi forces had seized the entire city and set up checkpoints on its perimeter .
Hundreds of Kurdish families fled Kirkuk on Monday , while video footage from inside the city showed other residents celebrating with Iraqi flags .
Families cross a checkpoint Monday in Altun Kupri , Iraq , as they flee violence in northern Kirkuk .
There were also reports of a split between Kurdish factions . The Peshmerga General Command accused members of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , a political party within the Kurdistan region , of abandoning their posts as Iraqi forces entered in what it called a betrayal .
The Kurdistan region and the greater Kirkuk province have an estimated 15 % to 25 % of Iraq 's oil reserves , with several key oil fields surrounding the city of Kirkuk . Iraq has one of the world 's largest known oil reserves .
Kirkuk was historically a Kurdish-majority town , but during the rule of Saddam Hussein , the ousted dictator moved Arab families in and Kurdish families out to change the area 's ethnography , under a policy termed `` Arabization . '' It 's also home to Sunni Arabs and Turkmen .
While Baghdad has long said it would not let Kirkuk fall permanently into Kurdish hands , Kurdish fighters have led key offensives against ISIS . They will likely look for a deal with Baghdad in return for not opposing the Iraqi operation to retake control .
Iraqi forces pass an oil production plant Monday as they head toward Kirkuk .
Iraqi forces fled Kirkuk in 2014 as ISIS fighters attempted to secure the territory shortly after they took over the city of Mosul and established their so-called Islamic caliphate across the north of the country . The Kurds sent in their fighters and claimed the city .
Extremists , including al Qaeda in Iraq , have launched major attacks on Kirkuk over the past decade , targeting mostly security forces there .
After the fall of Hussein , Kurds began returning to Kirkuk , repopulating the city and its surrounding areas .
The fish are the crucian carp , Prussian carp , Eurasian minnow , roach , stone moroko , Nile perch , Amur sleeper , European perch , zander , and wels catfish . The crayfish is the common yabby .
Except for the zander , which is found in one lake in North Dakota , these species are not currently present in US waters .
However , all 11 species have the potential to become highly invasive if introduced into the wild in the United States to the detriment of our freshwater habitats , their native species , and the local economies they support .
“ Proactive measures authorized under the Lacey Act are imperative for preventing invasive species from entering US ecosystems , ” said Service Director Dan Ashe .
“ This rule , if finalized , will help our nation avoid the ecological damages and economic losses associated with these 11 species while protecting our nation 's diverse natural resources for generations to come . ”
The Service used its Injurious Wildlife Evaluation Criteria to determine that the proposed species qualify as injurious under the Lacey Act .
The rule would prohibit the importation and interstate transport of any live animal , gamete , viable egg or hybrid of each species listed , except by permit for zoological , educational , medical or scientific purposes . An injurious listing does not prohibit intrastate ( within a state ) transport or exportation .
None of the 11 species are native to North America . Each is native to one or more of the continents of Europe , Asia , Africa , and Australia . Without listing , some species have the potential to be imported for the pet trade , aquaculture , or recreational fishing ( as gamefish or live bait ) . Some may have no economic value but may be accidentally mixed in with other species . Once imported into the country , the species may enter US waters when they are stocked for recreational fishing , when anglers release unused live bait , when people release nonnative pets , or when individuals of a species escape or are accidentally released .
The proposed rule opens a 60-day public comment period on the rule , the draft economic analysis , and the draft environmental assessment . The Service will review and consider the public and peer review comments and any new information that is received .
For more information on submitting comments please , click here .
Giveaway starts : February 1 , 2016 12:00 AM PST
Giveaway closes : February 29 , 2016 11:59 PM PST
This giveaway IS international ! : )
* You do not have to be following us on every social media account , but it will definitely give you a higher chance of winning .
1 . Follow https : //lexislook.tumblr.com and https : //enloop.tumblr.com on Tumblr
2 . Subscribe to Lexi 's YouTube channel ( http : //tinyurl.com/zbnodtv ) and follow their Instagram ( https : //instagram.com/lexislook )
3 . Subscribe to BeautyLoop 's glamourous newsletter ( https : //enloop.tumblr.com/submit ) . Type `` I love BeautyLoop '' in the title box and type your email address in the body textbox .
The winner will be announced at 12:00 AM PST on March 1 , 2016 on Lexi 's Instagram account . We will be checking if the winner is following us on our social media ! If the winner does not respond within 24 hours , we will be choosing another winner ! Good luck !
I showed a snippet back in October , but here is the full web pilot I shot during the strike . If you click through to Vimeo , you can see it in full-screen HD .
For the past few months , the pilot has been shopped around to advertisers and other possible sponsors , but given the economy and my schedule , it 's looking unlikely that a confluence of money and time will lead us to shoot more . So I wanted to let people see it , particularly because it features some actors who should be on more lists . Including Ze Frank , who is now an Angeleno .
The web series business model has proved tough for everyone to figure out . Yes , Joss Whedon 's Dr. Horrible was fantastic , but even that could n't get the ad sponsors it should have . Selling through iTunes is an option for someone with Whedon 's name brand , but I do n't see it working for The Remnants , even given the recognizability of some of the cast members .
I retained rights to do other things with The Remnants , so I certainly may come back to it at some point in some other form .
The proposed Seth Rogan/Jay Baruchel comedy Jay and Seth vs . The Apocalypse seems kind of similar , but the What Actually Happened is a lot different . Had Chas and Norman successfully gotten their Wii hooked up and powered , they would have realized many of their assumptions about the end of civilization were wrong .
The mere fact that a lot of people work at Staples tells us nothing about the systematic impact it has on the economy Photograph courtesy Wikipedia .
Pema Levy has a nice piece running down the difference between a venture capital firm and a private equity one , noting that Mitt Romney is much more inclined to talk about Bain Capital 's very small venture capital operation than about its substantially larger private equity business . As a political matter , there 's no doubt that this distinction matters a great deal . Romney knows very well that they were primarily in the private equity and leveraged buyout industries , and chose very deliberately to emphasize instead Bain 's relatively minor venture capital activities . That 's because as a matter of affect , it sounds way better to be providing seed capital to new firms than to be adding debt to existing ones and attempting to restructure them to suck more money out of the underlying assets . But I do think it 's worth emphasizing that if what you 're interested in is the systematic impact on the economy and the labor market there 's no particular reason to see venture capital as “ creating ” jobs while private equity “ destroys ” them .
The venture capitalists behind the computer industry , for example , have destroyed many jobs in the typewriter manufacturing sector . They 've decimated the ranks of America 's type-setters and photographic chemical manufacturers . X-Acto Knives are still for sale , but the market for them has been badly hit by computer innovations . The Internet has been deadly for the encyclopedia industry . That does n't mean that the pioneers of word processing or desktop publishing are bad people or that word processing has been bad for the American economy . It 's simply that significant innovations have wide-ranging consequences for the world . Businesspeople create or manage businesses , but the kind of “ job creation ” that happens when your product turns out to be really appealing so you need to hire a bunch of people to make and sell it has nothing to do with the kind of “ job creation ” that increases the overall volume of employment in the economy . A lot of the attacks on private equity are unfair , but the story of Mitt Romney Job Creator does n't make sense either . Even if it were true that Romney 's investment in Staples was typical of their business career , the mere fact that a lot of people work at Staples tells us nothing about the systematic impact of Staples on the economy .
“ Bad programmers worry about the code . Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships. ” — Linus Torvalds , creator of Linux
* * Update * * My video course about Algorithms is now live ! Check out Algorithms in Motion from Manning Publications . Get 39 % off my course by using code ‘ 39carnes ' ! Or you can get 50 % off my Deep Learning in Motion course with code ‘ vlcarnes2 ' .
Data structures are a critical part of software development , and one of the most common topics for developer job interview questions .
The good news is that they 're basically just specialized formats for organizing and storing data .
I 'm going to teach you 10 of the most common data structures — right here in this short article .
I 've embedded videos that I created for each of these data structures . I 've also linked to code examples for each of them , which show how to implement these in JavaScript .
And to give you some practice , I 've linked to challenges from the freeCodeCamp curriculum .
Note that some of these data structures include time complexity in Big O notation . This is n't included for all of them since the time complexity is sometimes based on how it 's implemented . If you want to learn more about Big O Notation , check out my article about it or this video by Briana Marie .
Also note that even though I show how to implement these data structures in JavaScript , for most of them you would never need to implement them yourself , unless you were using a low-level language like C .
JavaScript ( like most high-level languages ) has built-in implementations of many of these data structures .
Still , knowing how to implement these data structures will give you a huge edge in your developer job search , and may come in handy when you 're trying to write high-performance code .
Linked Lists
A linked list is one of the most basic data structures . It is often compared to an array since many other data structures can be implemented with either an array or a linked list . They each have advantages and disadvantages .
Linked list representation
A linked list consists of a group of nodes which together represent a sequence . Each node contains two things : the actual data being stored ( which can be basically any type of data ) and a pointer ( or link ) to the next node in the sequence . There are also doubly linked lists where each node has a pointer to both the next item and the previous item in the list .
The most basic operations in a linked list are adding an item to the list , deleting an item from the list , and searching the list for an item .
See the code for a linked list in JavaScript here .
Linked list time complexity
╔═══════════╦═════════╦════════════╗
║ Algorithm ║ Average ║ The Worst Case ║
╠═══════════╬═════════╬════════════╣
║ Space ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Search ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Insert ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( 1 ) ║
║ Delete ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( 1 ) ║
╚═══════════╩═════════╩════════════╝
freeCodeCamp challenges
Stacks
A stack is a basic data structure where you can only insert or delete items at the top of the stack . It is kind of similar to a stack of books . If you want to look at a book in the middle of the stack you must take all of the books above it off first .
The stack is considered LIFO ( Last In First Out ) — meaning the last item you put in the stack is the first item that comes out of the stack
Stack representation
There are three main operations that can be performed on stacks : inserting an item into a stack ( called ‘ push ' ) , deleting an item from the stack ( called ‘ pop ' ) , and displaying the contents of the stack ( sometimes called ‘ pip ' ) .
See the code for a stack in JavaScript here .
Stack time complexity
╔═══════════╦═════════╦════════════╗
║ Algorithm ║ Average ║ The Worst Case ║
╠═══════════╬═════════╬════════════╣
║ Space ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Search ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Insert ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( 1 ) ║
║ Delete ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( 1 ) ║
╚═══════════╩═════════╩════════════╝
freeCodeCamp challenges
Queues
You can think of a queue as a line of people at a grocery store . The first one in the line is the first one to be served . Just like a queue .
Queue representation
A queue is considered FIFO ( First In First Out ) to demonstrate the way it accesses data . This means that once a new element is added , all elements that were added before have to be removed before the new element can be removed .
A queue has just two main operations : enqueue and dequeue . Enqueue means to insert an item into the back of the queue and dequeue means removing the front item .
See the code for a queue in JavaScript here .
Queue time complexity
╔═══════════╦═════════╦════════════╗
║ Algorithm ║ Average ║ The Worst Case ║
╠═══════════╬═════════╬════════════╣
║ Space ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Search ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Insert ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( 1 ) ║
║ Delete ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( 1 ) ║
╚═══════════╩═════════╩════════════╝
freeCodeCamp challenges
Sets
Set representation
The set data structure stores values without any particular order and with no repeated values . Besides being able to add and remove elements to a set , there are a few other important set functions that work with two sets at once .
Union — This combines all the items from two different sets and returns this as a new set ( with no duplicates ) .
Intersection — Given two sets , this function returns another set that has all items that are part of both sets .
Difference — This returns a list of items that are in one set but NOT in a different set .
Subset — This returns a boolean value that shows if all the elements in one set are included in a different set .
View the code to implement a set in JavaScript here .
freeCodeCamp challenges
Maps
A map is a data structure that stores data in key / value pairs where every key is unique . A map is sometimes called an associative array or dictionary . It is often used for fast look-ups of data . Maps allow the following things :
Map representation
the addition of a pair to the collection
the removal of a pair from the collection
the modification of an existing pair
the lookup of a value associated with a particular key
View the code to implement a map in JavaScript here .
freeCodeCamp challenges
Hash Tables
Hash table and hash function representation
A hash table is a map data structure that contains key / value pairs . It uses a hash function to compute an index into an array of buckets or slots , from which the desired value can be found .
The hash function usually takes a string as input and it outputs an numerical value . The hash function should always give the same output number for the same input . When two inputs hash to the same numerical output , this is called a collision . The goal is to have few collisions .
So when you input a key / value pair into a hash table , the key is run through the hash function and turned into a number . This numerical value is then used as the actual key that the value is stored by . When you try to access the same key again , the hashing function will process the key and return the same numerical result . The number will then be used to look up the associated value . This provides very efficient O ( 1 ) lookup time on average .
View the code for a hash table here .
Hash table time complexity
╔═══════════╦═════════╦════════════╗
║ Algorithm ║ Average ║ The Worst Case ║
╠═══════════╬═════════╬════════════╣
║ Space ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Search ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Insert ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Delete ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( n ) ║
╚═══════════╩═════════╩════════════╝
freeCodeCamp challenges
Binary Search Tree
Binary search tree
A tree is a data structure composed of nodes It has the following characteristics :
Each tree has a root node ( at the top ) . The root node has zero or more child nodes . Each child node has zero or more child nodes , and so on .
A binary search tree adds these two characteristics :
Each node has up to two children . For each node , its left descendents are less than the current node , which is less than the right descendents .
Binary search trees allow fast lookup , addition and removal of items . The way that they are set up means that , on average , each comparison allows the operations to skip about half of the tree , so that each lookup , insertion or deletion takes time proportional to the logarithm of the number of items stored in the tree .
View the code for a binary search tree in JavaScript here .
Binary search time complexity
╔═══════════╦══════════╦════════════╗
║ Algorithm ║ Average ║ The Worst Case ║
╠═══════════╬══════════╬════════════╣
║ Space ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Search ║ O ( log n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Insert ║ O ( log n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Delete ║ O ( log n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
╚═══════════╩══════════╩════════════╝
freeCodeCamp challenges
Trie
The trie ( pronounced ‘ try ' ) , or prefix tree , is a kind of search tree . A trie stores data in steps where each step is a node in the trie . Tries are often used to store words for quick lookup , such as a word auto-complete feature .
Trie representation
Each node in a language trie contains one letter of a word . You follow the branches of a trie to spell a word , one letter at a time . The steps begin to branch off when the order of the letters diverge from the other words in the trie , or when a word ends . Each node contains a letter ( data ) and a boolean that indicates whether the node is the last node in a word .
Look at the image and you can form words . Always start at the root node at the top and work down . The trie shown here contains the word ball , bat , doll , do , dork , dorm , send , sense .
View the code for a trie in JavaScript here .
freeCodeCamp challenges
Binary Heap
A binary heap is another type of tree data structure . Every node has at most two children . Also , it is a complete tree . This means that all levels are completely filled until the last level and the last level is filled from left to right .
Min and max heap representations
A binary heap can be either a min heap or a max heap . In a max heap , the keys of parent nodes are always greater than or equal to those of the children . In a min heap , the keys of parent nodes are less than or equal to those of the children .
The order between levels is important but the order of nodes on the same level is not important . In the image , you can see that the third level of the min heap has values 10 , 6 , and 12 . Those numbers are not in order .
View the code for a heap in JavaScript here .
Binary heap time complexity
╔═══════════╦══════════╦════════════╗
║ Algorithm ║ Average ║ The Worst Case ║
╠═══════════╬══════════╬════════════╣
║ Space ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Search ║ O ( n ) ║ O ( n ) ║
║ Insert ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( log n ) ║
║ Delete ║ O ( log n ) ║ O ( log n ) ║
║ Peek ║ O ( 1 ) ║ O ( 1 ) ║
╚═══════════╩══════════╩════════════╝
freeCodeCamp challenges
Graph
Graphs are collections of nodes ( also called vertices ) and the connections ( called edges ) between them . Graphs are also known as networks .
One example of graphs is a social network . The nodes are people and the edges are friendship .
There are two major types of graphs : directed and undirected . Undirected graphs are graphs without any direction on the edges between nodes . Directed graphs , in contrast , are graphs with a direction in its edges .
Two common ways to represent a graph are an adjacency list and an adjacency matrix .
Adjacency matrix graph
An adjacency list can be represented as a list where the left side is the node and the right side lists all the other nodes it 's connected to .
An adjacency matrix is a grid of numbers , where each row or column represents a different node in the graph . At the intersection of a row and a column is a number that indicates the relationship . Zeros mean there is no edge or relationship . Ones mean there is a relationship . Numbers higher than one can be used to show different weights .
Traversal algorithms are algorithms to traverse or visit nodes in a graph . The main types of traversal algorithms are breadth-first search and depth-first search . One of the uses is to determine how close nodes are to a root node . See how to implement breadth-first search in JavaScript in the video below .
See the code for breadth-first search on an adjacency matrix graph in JavaScript .
Adjacency list ( graph ) time complexity
╔═══════════════╦════════════╗
║ Algorithm ║ Time ║
╠═══════════════╬════════════╣
║ Storage ║ O ( |V|+|E| ) ║
║ Add Vertex ║ O ( 1 ) ║
║ Add Edge ║ O ( 1 ) ║
║ Remove Vertex ║ O ( |V|+|E| ) ║
║ Remove Edge ║ O ( |E| ) ║
║ Query ║ O ( |V| ) ║
╚═══════════════╩════════════╝
freeCodeCamp challenges
More
The book Grokking Algorithms is the best book on the topic if you are new to data structures/algorithms and do n't have a computer science background . It uses easy-to-understand explanations and fun , hand-drawn illustrations ( by the author who is a lead developer at Etsy ) to explain some of the data structures featured in this article .
Or you can check out my video course based on that book : Algorithms in Motion from Manning Publications . Get 39 % off my course by using code ‘ 39carnes ' !
6 Ways Of Looking At Unemployment
The unemployment rate fell last month to 8.8 percent , the lowest it 's been in two years .
That single number — 8.8 percent — represents millions of people , and you can break it down lots of different ways . Here are six .
1 . Men vs. women
Enlarge this image Jess Jiang/NPR Jess Jiang/NPR
When the recession hit , the unemployment rate for men rose more than the unemployment rate for women . That was driven partly by large cuts in industries where the workforce is mostly men ( construction , manufacturing , transportation and warehousing ) . The gap between men and women is now declining , as some of those jobs are returning .
2 . How long have you been out of work ?
Enlarge this image Jess Jiang/NPR Jess Jiang/NPR
Nearly half the people who are unemployed have been out of work for six months or more . The figure has n't improved in recent months , despite the fact that the unemployment rate has been falling . That 's bad . The longer people are out of work , the less likely they are to find a job .
3 . Age
Enlarge this image Jess Jiang/NPR Jess Jiang/NPR
The unemployment rate is always much higher for teenagers and young adults than it is for people age 25 and older . That relationship held true through the recession and beyond . In absolute terms , the jump in unemployment was bigger for the young . But in relative terms , all ages saw comparable increases . The unemployment rate for each group is now down from the peak .
4 . Education
Enlarge this image Jess Jiang/NPR Jess Jiang/NPR
A similar story to unemployment by age : The unemployment rate is always much higher for those with less education . Those with the least education saw the biggest absolute rise in the unemployment rate , but in relative terms the rise was comparable for each group . The rate for all groups has fallen in the past few months .
5 . Unemployment and underemployment
Enlarge this image Jess Jiang/NPR Jess Jiang/NPR
This measure includes 3 groups .
1 . The unemployed ( those who do n't have a job but are looking for one ) .
2 . People who want to work full time but can only find part-time work ( less than 35 hours a week ) .
3 . People who are not looking for a job but who want a job and have looked in the past 12 months .
6 . How many people are looking ?
The unemployment rate only includes people who are looking for work . People who do n't have a job and are n't looking are n't counted in the unemployment rate .
So it 's worth looking at the labor force participation rate : The percentage of people age 16 and over who either have a job or are looking for one .
Through the second half of the 20th century , the participation rate rose steadily as more women entered the labor force .
Enlarge this image Jess Jiang/NPR Jess Jiang/NPR
In the past decade though , the participation rate has declined .
Enlarge this image Jess Jiang/NPR Jess Jiang/NPR
This has happened in part because the population as a whole is aging , so a bigger chunk of the nation is retired .
In the past few years , a second factor contributed to the falling participation rate : Some people of working age have given up on looking for work . A key question in the coming months will be how many of those people return to the labor force .
For more : Calculated Risk is a great source for smart graphs of employment data . And the Bureau of Labor Statistics , which publishes the unemployment numbers , has tons of data here .
The Colombian government refuses to acknowledge the paramilitary problem , even as the bodies of activists continue to pile up .
“ The only way to finish off all these plagues and rats is to exterminate them , ” threatened a paramilitary pamphlet distributed in Colombia , referring to anyone ranging from human rights activists to land defenders to left-wing politicans .
This is just the latest indication that right-wing political violence is n't only keeping pace with war-time levels despite a historic peace agreement — it 's actually surging .
The malicious one-page call to arms , signed by the Gaitanista Self-Defense Forces of Colombia , known by its Spanish acronym AGC — one of the offspring of the notorious right-wing paramilitary group the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia , known as the AUC — went on to “ promise ” a violent campaign of “ torture and death ” in the name of showing “ who rules this country ” and proving that the syndicate does indeed continue to operate in full force .
“ We declare as military targets all human rights organizations , unions , land activists , defenders of FARC and ELN prisoners , those who do reports on human rights , members of political organizations of the FARC , the congress of the people , Patriotic Union , Patriotic March , ” the pamphlet stated , including at the end of the list an organization that has already warned of a new “ political genocide ” against its members .
“ Death to all those gonorrhea-infected motherfucking toads who are fomenting and supporting increased violence , ” the statement , dated May 2017 , continued . “ We inform you that as of this date you are declared military targets . ”
The pamphlet — acquired by the Washington Office on Latin America and distributed on social media by human rights lawyer and social justice advocate Dan Kovalik — comes amid distressing levels of violence against human rights defenders in Colombia despite the signing of a historic peace agreement last year between the government and the country 's largest left-wing rebel army , the FARC . According to the United Nations , at least 41 social activists were killed in the country in the first four months of 2017 alone .
“ I think it is very clear that they ( paramilitaries ) are more emboldened both in terms of their threats and actions , ” Kovalik , who teaches international human rights at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law , told teleSUR Wednesday . “ It definitely appears that as the peace accords were advancing and were agreed to there 's actually been heightened killings by right-wing paramilitaries of various social leaders . ”
The “ military targets ” identified by the AGC paramilitary group have already been victims of what appears to be a targeted campaign of political violence . According to official statistics , in the 14 months between Jan. 1 , 2016 , and March 1 , 2017 , a staggering 156 social leaders were killed , including rural activists , Indigenous leaders and human rights defenders . Recently , even two members of the FARC — whose more than 7,000 troops are currently in the process of laying down their arms at transition camps across the country — were assassinated while preparing to reintegrate into civilian life .
Human rights organizations have pegged the blame for the surge in violence that has claimed the lives of dozens of social leaders in recent months on right-wing paramilitary forces like the AGC , warning that the resurgence of paramilitary activity poses the greatest threat to upending the still-fragile new era of peace .
Kovalik argued that the paramilitary threat poses a “ fatal risk ” to the country 's budding peace , adding that during a recent visit to Colombia with a U.S. congressional delegation in solidarity with local peace activists , they observed a “ unanimous feeling ” among social organizations that right-wing paramilitary groups were “ gaining strength . ”
One danger , they pointed out , is the prospect of emboldened paramilitaries going after demobilized FARC members — a target the AGC clearly identified in their pamphlet . The threat , combined with the trend of violent attacks against peace activists and progressive leaders , recalls the history of the violent extermination of the left-wing political party Patriotic Union — founded by members of the FARC and the Colombian Communist Party — beginning in the 1980s during a previous attempted peace process .
But despite the dark shadow of death squad violence , the government has long refused to acknowledge the paramilitary problem . Instead , both U.S. and Colombian authorities label the paramilitaries as “ criminal gangs , ” effectively depoliticizing their violence and downplaying their role in a spiral of targeted attacks and violent harassment of mostly poor , rural communities .
“ The Colombian and U.S. governments are denying the nature of ( paramilitary ) force , which obviously has right-wing political goals and which targets particular social leaders as opposed to being merely a criminal organization , ” Kovalik said , adding that by doing so authorities offer their “ tacit assent ” to paramilitary activities . “ I think both the Colombian and U.S. governments are happy for the paramilitaries to wipe out the left in Colombia . ”
In the early aftermath of the official end of the more than half century-long civil war , tackling paramilitary violence is more paramount than ever . After the FARC left its jungle and mountain camps to demobilize once and for all , large swathes of territories the rebel army long controlled have been transformed into power vacuums that threaten to give rise to a new resurgence of paramilitary groups eager to gain power in post-conflict Colombia .
Local communities have already noted an increase in paramilitary activity , including a proliferation in various parts of the country of graffiti and threatening pamphlets imposing curfews and announcing plans to carry out “ social cleansing. ” The AGC has previously distributed hostile pamphlets heralding plans to “ control , organize and recuperate territory ” from the FARC .
And the paramilitaries are no minor force , underlining the urgent need to treat them as a major armed group in the peace process and develop concrete strategies for dealing with their violence . The AGC is the country 's largest illegal armed force , with an estimated 3,000 members , according to the National Police . However , the paramilitary force claims to boast a membership of 8,000 , which would make it comparable in size to the FARC at the end of its 52-year life as an armed movement .
Refusal to recognize the AGC and similar syndicates as paramilitaries with a political right-wing political bent , Kovalik argued , allows the U.S. and Colombian governments to “ turn a blind eye ” to the crisis , allowing paramilitary incursions on civilian populations — such as Afro-Colombian communities in the poor and deeply victimized department of Choco — to go ahead unchallenged despite the fact that they happen under the nose of the Colombian military .
Colombia 's landmark peace agreement with the FARC was widely heralded as bringing an end to the longest-running war in the Western Hemisphere , but the dark underbelly of the country 's incomplete and delicate peace has gone comparably unnoticed , even as the bodies of human rights defenders continue to pile up .
Kovalik argued that international mainstream media has failed in its moral responsibility to inform the world of Colombia 's crisis , revealing a tendency to fixate day after day on the political situation in Venezuela while scarcely covering events next door in Colombia or speaking truth to power in Bogota .
“ What we are talking about in Colombia is many times worse than what is happening in Venezuela . You do n't have the wholesale murder of human rights leaders in Venezuela , ” they said . “ The disparate treatment of those two countries … is stunning . ”
Paramilitary groups are said to be responsible for some 80 percent of civilian deaths in the country 's more than half-century-long civil war that has claimed the lives of some 260,000 people and victimized millions more .
teleSUR
FARC Commander 's Son Killed in Double Murder as Colombia Peace Deal Gives Way to Terror
The son of a commander from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , FARC , has fallen victim to paramilitary violence alongside a friend in a brutal double homicide . The murders , which occurred in Argelia , southern Cauca , raise yet more questions about the implementation of the peace deal signed last year between the FARC and the Colombian government .
The killings occurred in the early hours of Sunday when Yonnier Sujeimer Rosero Muñoz , the son of an assassinated commander of the 60th front of the FARC , and their friend , Pablo Erazo Mamian , were together . The two young men were fired upon 17 times by a gunman equipped with an automatic rifle , according to officials speaking on condition of anonymity .
Seriously injured , the victims were then executed as they lay prone on the ground . The perpetrator then fled to the nearby jungle .
Relatives say that the two young men made their living as farmworkers in the town of El Sinai , where they were known by the endearing nicknames “ Cotorra ” and “ Amoniaco . ”
Communal leaders say that the violence is the outcome of the arrival of armed groups in the region which followed the decamping of FARC fighters stipulated by last year 's peace deal .
While FARC combatants agreed to comprehensively hand over arms to United Nations officials , ending the long conflict between revolutionary insurgents and the state , the vacuum created by the FARC departure allowed for the entrance of armed right-wing militias , mercenaries and paramilitary brigades .
Rather than peace and social justice , communities are instead witnessing right-wing terror committed by non-state actors such as the Gaitanista Self-Defense Forces of Colombia , known by its Spanish acronym AGC , and other groups . Many of these armed civilian paramilitaries stocked their arsenals thanks to Plan Colombia , a 1999 counterinsurgency initiative that saw the U.S. pour billions of dollars into the country for the purpose of further militarizing the region . The year 2016 witnessed the blossoming of such far-right paramilitary and narco-paramilitary groups , who extended their regional presence and visibility .
Paramilitary groups in Colombia are often linked to powerful oligarchs within the country as well as multinational companies seeking to secure economic interests in resource-rich territories . Prominent politicians like former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe are suspected of having supported paramilitary death squads which helped depopulate areas that were then subject to illegal land-grabs .
“ In post-conflict zones it is necessary to look at the rearrangement of legal and illegal forces , ” Cauca government secretary Alejandra Miller told Colombian newspaper El Pais . “ It was to be expected that violent events of this nature would increase , and Cauca is no stranger to ( these events ) . ”
The western agricultural province of Cauca is coveted as an ideal location for growing coca plants and opium poppies that fuel a still-booming drug trade . One of the more violence-plagued provinces in the South American nation , Cauca once boasted a presence of nearly 7,000 FARC combatants , according to reports .
teleSUR
Ford 's all-new C-MAX has become the fastest-selling hybrid ever at launch , with 8,030 sales in its first two full months on the market in October and November . This significantly outpaces Toyota Camry Hybrid 's 7,300 sales in its first two full months in May and June 2006 .
C-MAX hybrids also are selling three times faster than the combined sales for the Toyota Prius and Honda Insight when launched in 2000 .
Ford sold 8,999 C-MAX hybrids through November , a figure projected to surpass by 40 percent through December the combined Prius and Insight launch sales of 9,350 in 2000 . C-MAX sales would represent four months compared to the initial combined 18 months of Prius and Insight sales .
“ Dealers are seeing an overwhelmingly positive response to C-MAX hybrids and are excited to finally take on Prius , with some offering comparison test drives right on their lots , ” says C.J . O'Donnell , group marketing manager , Electrification . “ Our customers also are excited to have a fresh hybrid option , with leading fuel economy that does not sacrifice driving fun , performance and technology – choices typically not offered with hybrids . ”
Ford achieved its best electrified vehicle sales month ever in November with a total of 7,157 sales , with C-MAX hybrids acting as the driving force behind the milestone . Ford is projecting an all-time record quarter for hybrid sales at December close . More than half of Ford 's hybrid sales this year are expected to come in the final quarter of the year as the company continues to ramp up production of Fusion Hybrid and Fusion Energi plug-in hybrid .
C-MAX hybrid sales totaled 4,848 in November , up 52 percent month-over-month . November marked the first month both C-MAX Hybrid and C-MAX Energi plug-in hybrid were available on dealer lots .
Inspired by the fantasy of taking a ride on a kite board , the Kitamaran concept by designer Daniel Julier offers a sustainable way to travel using a kite . By designing a new kind of water sports equipment that can provide an extreme board riding feeling as well as the opportunity of going on a journey , the Kitamaran allows the rider to ride the board in a partly standing sitting while the board follows the movement of the rider thanks to specially designed suspension system .
By providing the rider with optimum stand all the time , the board maximizes its ability to absorb shocks while riding under rough conditions . The Kite itself is fixated on a centre line with two control lines on each side making it easily steerable . The height of the kite itself can be controlled by twisting the handle ends towards- or away from the body and just in case the rider loses grip over the handle , the kite will simply collapse and therefore loose its power allowing the rider to gain control again .
The board itself is constructed in glass fiber with soft neoprene inlet while the boat hull crafted in stiff glass fiber . The soft seat is made in neoprene coated glass fiber lid with handles for removing it and allowing storage for kite and equipment underneath which further emphasized the design 's motives of being a long haul craft .
Source : Product Design Forums
Last year here in San Diego , we had a funny judicial election for a local Superior Court judgeship . The two candidates were Gary Kreep and Garland Peed , and at the time their names caught my eye not only for the obvious juvenile reasons , but because Peed listed their career as a prosecutor , and Kreep described themselves as a “ constitutional law attorney. ” It turned out that Kreep was a high-profile “ birther ” who had questioned Barack Obama 's eligibility to the office of President of the United States . It also turned out that Kreep won , by a very narrow margin .
There was a lot of concern from the left about what Kreep would do on the bench — see for example this letter by the San Diego NAACP . And since Kreep has been on the bench they have indeed been controversial — but not for the reason some people were expecting . It seems that they upset the local prosecutors office by ruling against them too often . The San Diego Union Tribune reports :
San Diego Judge Gary Kreep , a conservative legal activist who led a failed fight to challenge President Obama 's citizenship , has been exiled to traffic court after several Superior Court rulings favoring defendants ' constitutional rights . Kreep , 63 , was reassigned on Sept. 9 from the downtown San Diego courthouse to a Kearny Mesa facility that handles traffic offenses and small claims . The move came after prosecutors from the City Attorney 's Office began to boycott their courtroom over their legal approach . For instance , Kreep often declined to take away a defendant 's 4th Amendment rights against search and seizure — something prosecutors can legally request at various points during the criminal process . … Apparently Kreep earned the ire only of prosecutors . The Public Defender 's office , which handles the majority of the cases in Kreep 's former courtroom , said its lawyers had no problem with the judge . Private lawyers had the same view . The reassignment came soon after prosecutors deployed the legal tactic known as a peremptory challenge to keep cases from Kreep 's court , according to defense lawyers and courthouse sources . Under state law , each side can exert one such challenge to the judge assigned to their case . They do n't have to state a reason . Prosecutors can create a so-called “ blanket challenge ” by issuing the peremptory challenge for every case assigned to the judge . “ They ( prosecutors ) are so used to getting their way , ” said Heather Boxeth , a criminal defense lawyer who represented many clients in front of Kreep . “ But they blanket-challenged them over simple misdemeanors. ” One example was how Kreep handled petty theft cases . Often defendants were given a deferred prosecution deal : plead guilty and in six months — if they had attended classes , not been arrested again , and repaid the store — the pleas would be wiped out . Kreep would often dismiss these cases long before the six-month period , after the defendant had only attended a session or two , several lawyers said . They also would release defendants without bail on minor charges if they had a history of showing up at court appearances , Boxeth said . And they were reluctant to impose orders of protection against individuals who had yet to be judged guilty .
Now I do n't know enough about the local criminal practice in San Diego , but the things Kreep is accused of — not requiring Fourth Amendment waivers , permitting minor offenders to go without bail , etc . — do n't seem so problematic to me . And if Kreep was reassigned simply because the prosecutors did n't like losing these minor issues , that does strike me as troubling in terms of the appearance of impartiality and justice . ( Incidentally , Kreep 's opponent in the judicial election , Garland Peed , now works in the city attorney 's criminal division ; the story does not say if they have been involved in the anti-Kreep movement . )
Now I wish I had voted for Kreep .
Spread the love
Thanks to the power of the camera , this pompous officer was caught red handed in a blatant act of intimidation and disrespect for the rule of law .
Arlington , TX — A video submitted to the Free Thought Project by a cop watching group out of Texas , highlights the importance of filming police .
Kory Watkins , with North Texas Cop Block and the Peaceful Streets Project go out almost every day of the week and perform an important role of holding police accountable .
On Friday , at approximately 3:00 pm Watkins was out with their fellow cop watchers in Arlington . Watkins tells the Free Thought Project that Sam Houston High School had just let out and police were on the scene because there had been a school fight .
When Watkins begins filming we can see the police detaining a young black man . They were being detained because officers said they had warrants . However , after this incident , Watkins tells us that they confirmed with the young man , and they did not have any warrants , nor did they have anything to do with the fight .
During the 2 minute long video , one officer is seen getting out of their cruiser and talking to kid near by . They apparently do not see the cop watchers nearby but does hear the bit about not violating this kid 's rights .
When the officer begins stepping out of their cruiser , around the 00:16 mark , they do not see the cameras rolling they ask the kid directly in front of him , “ What are you going to do if I violate their rights ? ”
At this point they see the safety vests and cameras of the cop watch team and gets back into their cruiser .
Had the cameras not been present who knows what could have happened . But at least this blatant disregard for the rule of law was captured on video and the officer was exposed , thanks to cameras rolling .
The other officers eventually let the young man go and the situation was over .
Below are 7 rules for how to respectfully and professionally record the police . For an in depth explanation of each rule , see the full report here .
Rule # 1 : Know the Law ( Wherever You Are )
Rule # 2 Do n't Secretly Record Police
Rule # 3 : Know How to Respond to “ Shit Cops Say ” ( “ Please stop recording me . It 's against the law . ” )
Rule # 4 : Do n't Share Your Video with Police
Rule # 5 : Prepare to be Arrested
Rule # 6 : Master Your Technology
Rule # 7 : Do n't Point Your Camera Like a Gun
The EPA has fulfilled almost all major demands made by the American Petroleum Institute within its first year under Trump
The Trump administration 's zeal for environmental rollbacks has enabled it to fulfill almost all of the top priorities in a “ wishlist ” drawn up by the American Petroleum Institute ( API ) , the leading lobby group for US oil and gas companies .
How big oil is tightening its grip on Donald Trump 's White House Read more
In a document called “ comments on specific regulations ” sent to the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) in May , API highlighted eight key changes it wanted to ease the regulation of air and water pollution . An analysis shows that the EPA has now so far either partially or wholly delivered on six out of these eight key demands within the first year of the Trump administration , which solicited input on government rules from a number of trade groups .
This comes as the Guardian and the Center for Public Integrity publish an investigation into the way the oil lobby has worked for decades to influence US government policy – and is tightening its hold .
Earlier this year a letter penned by Howard Feldman , senior director of regulatory affairs at API , accompanied the lobby group 's wish list for government , and it stated that fossil fuel companies are thriving “ despite the unprecedented level of federal regulatory actions targeting our industry ” .
Timeline Big oil and the US government Show Hide
Standard Oil broken up Standard Oil 's monopoly is broken up by the US supreme court . The trust which had been set up by John D Rockefeller in 1882 , had gained control of nearly 90 % of US oil production . Oil industry gets close to government during war The US joins the first world war and supplies allied forces with oil . President Woodrow Wilson appoints multiple oil executives to war-effort committees and nationalises the railways . API created Brought together by the war , oil executives form a trade body , the American Petroleum Institute ( API ) in 1919 . Ten years later , another trade association , the Independent Petroleum Association of America ( IPAA ) is formed to represent smaller companies . Second world war starts During the second world war , the US government worked closely with the oil industry , putting a federal investigation into its monopolistic practices on hold . A peacetime version of a wartime committee becomes the National Petroleum Council , an advisory committee that exists today .
Global warming warning API hosts renowned nuclear physicist Edward Teller at a conference at Columbia University , where they warn of impending global warming . President Johnson warns of global warning Lyndon B Johnson is the first US president to publicly acknowledge climate change , calling it a serious global threat during a speech . CO2 warning Scientists at the Stanford Research Institute deliver reports to API , warning of global warming induced by CO2 emissions from fossil fuels . EPA created President Nixon signs an executive order creating the US Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) . CO2 research by Exxon starts an internal climate research programme on carbon dioxide . Ozone standards weakened The EPA relaxes the standard for ozone , which contributes to smog . The move angers environmentalists and industry alike . API sues the agency . Nasa scientist gives evidence Nasa scientist James E Hansen testifies before Congress that the planet is warming because of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases from fossil fuels . Kyoto Protocol signed The Kyoto protocol treaty is signed . Countries pledge to reduce greenhouse gases and recognise the scientific consensus that global warming is occurring and is likely caused by fossil fuel emissions . Paris accord signed Some 195 countries back the Paris climate agreement , pledging efforts to reduce emissions and curb global warming . Trump announces US exit from Paris President Trump announces the US exit from the Paris climate agreement , citing industry-hired economists that call the accord a bad deal for US businesses . Supporting the move is Scott Pruitt , a climate-change sceptic , who Trump appointed to head the EPA .
Feldman called for the federal government to alter regulations in a way that “ promotes access to domestic oil and natural gas resources , streamlined permitting and cost-effective regulations ” .
The letter is addressed to Samantha Dravis , an EPA associate administrator who previously held a senior role at the Republican Attorneys General Association and was counsel to Freedom Partners , one of the groups in the Koch brothers network .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Donald Trump displays one of five executive orders they signed related to the oil pipeline industry on 24 January 2017 . Photograph : Pool/Getty Images
The 25-page list of API 's suggested regulatory changes places particular emphasis on eight key demands that peel away standards primarily imposed under Barack Obama 's administration . The EPA 's administrator , Scott Pruitt , previously a harsh critic of the agency who has pledged to rein in its “ out of control , anti-energy agenda ” , has overseen the delay or repeal moves in line with six of API 's eight highest priorities .
“ There 's no question that energy lobbyists are calling the shots in this administration , which has been all too willing to roll back public health protections , ” said Jeremy Symons , vice-president of Environmental Defense Fund . “ Anyone who doubts that can just look at their record . ”
Pruitt and their team have made it clear that oil , gas and coal industries trump science Liz Purchia Gannon , former EPA communications head
On March 22 , Pruitt met with API executives at the Trump International Hotel in Washington DC . Less than a month later , Pruitt wrote to Feldman , as well as three other oil and gas industry representatives , to tell them they were temporarily suspending regulations that curb leaks from drilling operations while the EPA reconsiders the rule .
In June , the EPA proposed a two-year pause to the rule , which was drawn up under the Obama administration in 2016 and aimed to reduce “ fugitive ” emissions such as methane , a potent greenhouse gas . In July , a federal court blocked the attempted suspension of the rule .
The EPA has fared better in fulfilling other top API priorities . In June , Pruitt signed a two-year delay to regulations designed to improve the safety of chemical facilities . API argued that the rule , which followed several disastrous incidents at chemical plants , would be burdensome and do little to improve safety .
API said the EPA “ should reverse ” a separate regulation requiring power plants to follow air pollution rules when they are starting up , shutting down or undergoing maintenance . Pruitt , who previously sued the EPA to halt the rule , is now reassessing it .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A depot used to store pipes for the planned Keystone XL oil pipeline in North Dakota . Photograph : Terray Sylvester/Reuters
Implementation of new standards to reduce ozone , a pollutant that helps form smog , was delayed by a year at Pruitt 's behest in June , a month after the API called for the EPA to reconsider the rule . Several states and health groups have launched legal action against the EPA after it missed a deadline to designate which areas of the country are failing to meet the tightened standards on smog .
API also secured an early victory in February , when Donald Trump issued an executive order to scrap the “ waters of the United States ” rule , which was put in place under the Obama administration to protect streams and rivers that provide drinking water to around a third of Americans . The regulation has been opposed by some farmers and owners of golf courses and industrial plants as being too stringent .
Donald Trump has ditched the world in favor of Big Oil 's titans | Jill Abramson Read more
Several of API 's lower priority proposals have also been fulfilled , with Pruitt introducing new rules for members of the EPA 's scientific boards which open the way for more industry involvement and , separately , deciding to not introduce new financial responsibility requirements that API feared may have impacted the petroleum industry .
“ Pruitt and their team have no shame , ” said Liz Purchia Gannon , former head of communications at the EPA under the Obama administration . “ They have made it clear from the start that oil , gas and coal industries trump science , the American people and public health and environmental organizations .
“ What we can see from their schedule is an alarming pattern of meeting with special interest groups before making policy decisions favoring their bottom line at the expense of Americans ' health and the environment . ”
When contacted for comment , the API said it was happy for its previous statements to speak for themselves . The EPA did not respond to a request for comment .
Another week , another batch of Liga MX matches . My top three games of the week are Xolos vs Tigres , Cruz Azul vs Leon , and Toluca vs Pachuca . The Xolos vs Tigres match is going to be good , because both teams have been playing well so far , and Tigres will have a tough test at Estadio Caliente . Cruz Azul vs Leon will be good , because Leon is playing on television , enough said ! Toluca , the undefeated Liga MX leader , against a struggling Pachuca , should be good as well .
Click on the matches to view the preview and predictions .
FRIDAY , AUGUST 17
8:30 PM — Xolos vs Tigres , Univision Deportes
10:30 PM — Morelia vs Puebla , ESPN Deportes
10:30 PM — Cruz Azul vs Leon , Fox Deportes
SATURDAY , AUGUST 18
6:00 PM — Queretaro vs America , Univision
8:00 PM — Santos vs Pumas , Telefutura
8:00 PM — Monterrey vs Atlante , Univision Deportes
10:00 PM — San Luis vs Chivas , Univision Deportes
10:00 PM — Atlas vs Jaguares , Univision Deportes 2
SUNDAY , AUGUST 19
1:00 PM — Toluca vs Pachuca Univision Deportes *
* Check on Univision , as the past couple of weeks , the Toluca games have been shown there even though they are officially listed on Univision Deportes .
What do you consider the best match of Week 5 ?
The Toys ' R ' Us Inc. logo is seen on a plastic container stacked in one of the company 's stores in Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture , Japan , on Thursday , Sept. 30 , 2011 . Toys ' R ' Us Inc. is the world 's largest toy chain . Photographer : Andy Hung/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Toys `` R '' Us announced Friday that its U.K. stores will stop labeling toys `` boys '' and `` girls . '' New standards will be set for in-store signage and images will show children of both genders playing with the same toys .
The change comes in response to a campaign from the group `` Let Toys Be Toys '' asking retailers `` to stop limiting children 's imaginations and interests by promoting some toys as only suitable for girls , and others only for boys . ''
“ We 're delighted to be working so closely with a major toy retailer and believe that there is much common ground here , '' Megan Perryman , a Let Toys Be Toys campaigner , said in a press release . `` Even in 2013 , boys and girls are still growing up being told that certain toys are ‘ for ' them , while others are not . This is not only confusing but extremely limiting , as it strongly shapes their ideas about who they are and who they can go on to become . We look forward to seeing Toys ' R ' Us lead the way to a more inclusive future for boys and girls . ''
Toys `` R '' Us has attempted to put aside stereotypes in the past . In 2012 , the U.S.-based company 's Swedish branch gained attention when images in its Christmas catalog challenged traditional gender roles .
According to the Let Toys Be Toys release , other U.K. retailers including Tesco , Sainsbury 's , Boots , The Entertainer and TJ Maxx have agreed to remove `` boy '' and `` girl '' signs from their stores in response to the campaign .
These stores join others in the U.K. that have already made efforts to end gender separation in toy departments . Last summer , Harrods unveiled a massive new toy department organized by theme instead of gender . Before that , Hamleys replaced its pink and blue signage with red and white .
On this side of the pond , A Mighty Girl , a site that collects books , toys , movies , and music that empowers young girls , has started a Change.org petition to get Toys `` R '' Us stores here to jump on the bandwagon . `` By following their examples , Toys `` R '' Us in the USA can send an important message to children , parents , and others that children 's interests should not be limited by their gender , '' the petition reads .
And , GoldieBlox founder Debra Sterling has another plan to crush gender stereotypes at Toys `` R '' Us . In July , Sterling launched a campaign -- and an incredible video to go with it -- to get parents and kids to invade local stores and take pictures of girls playing with their building blocks .
According to a Baltimore public defender , more than 100 people were taken into police custody Monday and held for 48 hours without proper paperwork . Video by Joshua Barajas .
One hundred and one people were held inside Baltimore Central Booking for 48 hours before being released Wednesday night on expired time .
The group was arrested in connection with the riots that broke out on Monday after the death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray , and , according to Natalie Finegar , deputy district public defender for Baltimore City , many taken into booking without representation , bail or proper paperwork that showed probable cause .
The office of the public defender received reports that many of those detained had not received food for 18 hours and several had been crammed into small holding cells .
Finegar said their office filed habeas petitions on the group 's behalf , alleging that people been illegally detained .
Finager said they spoke with 82 of the individuals released last night . Not one , they said , had any clue as to why they had been arrested in the first place . Most told them that they 'd been picked up while walking home , or exercising their first amendment rights .
Baltimore Police Department spokesperson Capt . Eric Kowalczyk told the Baltimore Sun : “ There was a chaotic situation . We had officers being attacked , officers being injured . ”
“ These were lawful arrests for acts of violence , ” they said .
According to The Guardian , one rioter turned themselves in and was charged on eight criminal counts . He 's now being held on a $ 500,000 bail .
Though this initial group has been released , they could still be charged . Finegar said that the Baltimore City Police Department and the Attorney General legally have one year to file misdemeanor charges .
We 've reached out to the Baltimore Police Department and are waiting for comment .
Is Murdoch now finished in the UK ? As the pursuit of Gordon Brown by the Sunday Times and the Sun blows the hacking scandal into new corners of the old man 's empire , this story begins to feel like the crumbling of the Berlin Wall . The naked attempt to destroy Brown by any means , including hacking the medical files of their sick baby son , means that there is no obvious limit to the story 's ramifications .
Illustration by Daniel Pudles
The scandal radically changes public perceptions of how politics works , the danger corporate power presents to democracy , and the extent to which it has compromised and corrupted the Metropolitan police , who have now been dragged in so deep they are beginning to look like Murdoch 's private army . It has electrified a dozy parliament and subjected the least accountable and most corrupt profession in Britain – journalism – to belated public scrutiny .
The cracks are appearing in the most unexpected places . Look at the remarkable admission by the rightwing columnist Janet Daley in this week 's Sunday Telegraph . `` British political journalism is basically a club to which politicians and journalists both belong , '' they wrote . `` It is this familiarity , this intimacy , this set of shared assumptions … which is the real corruptor of political life . The self-limiting spectrum of what can and can not be said … the self-reinforcing cowardice which takes for granted that certain vested interests are too powerful to be worth confronting . All of these things are constant dangers in the political life of any democracy . ''
Most national journalists are embedded , immersed in the society , beliefs and culture of the people they are meant to hold to account . They are fascinated by power struggles among the elite but have little interest in the conflict between the elite and those they dominate . They celebrate those with agency and ignore those without .
But this is just part of the problem . Daley stopped short of naming the most persuasive force : the interests of the owner and the corporate class to which they belong . The proprietor appoints editors in their own image – who impress their views on their staff . Murdoch 's editors , like those who work for the other proprietors , insist that they think and act independently .
It 's a lie exposed by the concurrence of their views ( did all 247 News Corp editors just happen to support the invasion of Iraq ? ) , and blown out of the water by Andrew Neil 's explosive testimony in 2008 before the Lords select committee on communications .
The papers can not announce that their purpose is to ventriloquise the concerns of multimillionaires ; they must present themselves as the voice of the people . The Sun , the Mail and the Express claim to represent the interests of the working man and woman . These interests turn out to be identical to those of the men who own the papers .
So the rightwing papers run endless exposures of benefit cheats , yet say scarcely a word about the corporate tax cheats . They savage the trade unions and excoriate the BBC . They lambast the regulations that restrain corporate power . They school us in the extrinsic values – the worship of power , money , image and fame – which advertisers love but which make this a shallower , more selfish country . Most of them deceive their readers about the causes of climate change . These are not the obsessions of working people . They are the obsessions thrust upon them by the multimillionaires who own these papers .
The corporate media is a gigantic astroturfing operation : a fake grassroots crusade serving elite interests . In this respect the media companies resemble the Tea Party movement , which claims to be a spontaneous rising of blue-collar Americans against the elite but was founded with the help of the billionaire Koch brothers and promoted by Murdoch 's Fox News .
Journalism 's primary purpose is to hold power to account . This purpose has been perfectly inverted . Columnists and bloggers are employed as the enforcers of corporate power , denouncing people who criticise its interests , stamping on new ideas , bullying the powerless . The press barons allowed governments occasionally to promote the interests of the poor , but never to hamper the interests of the rich . They also sought to discipline the rest of the media . The BBC , over the last 30 years , became a shadow of the gutsy broadcaster it was , and now treats big business with cringing deference . Every morning at 6.15 , the Today programme 's business report grants executives the kind of unchallenged access otherwise reserved for God on Thought for the Day . The rest of the programme seeks out controversy and sets up discussions between opponents , but these people are not confronted by their critics .
So what can be done ? Because of the peculiar threat they present to democracy there 's a case to be made for breaking up all majority interests in media companies , and for a board of governors , appointed perhaps by Commons committee , to act as a counterweight to the shareholders ' business interests .
But even if that 's a workable idea , it 's a long way off . For now , the best hope might be to mobilise readers to demand that journalists answer to them , not just their proprietors . One means of doing this is to lobby journalists to commit themselves to a kind of Hippocratic oath . Here 's a rough stab at a first draft . I hope others can improve it . Ideally , I 'd like to see the National Union of Journalists building on it and encouraging its members to sign .
'Our primary task is to hold power to account . We will prioritise those stories and issues which expose the interests of power . We will be wary of the relationships we form with the rich and powerful , and ensure that we do n't become embedded in their society . We will not curry favour with politicians , businesses or other dominant groups by withholding scrutiny of their affairs , or twisting a story to suit their interests .
`` We will stand up to the interests of the businesses we work for , and the advertisers which fund them . We will never take money for promulgating a particular opinion , and we will resist attempts to oblige us to adopt one .
`` We will recognise and understand the power we wield and how it originates . We will challenge ourselves and our perception of the world as much as we challenge other people . When we turn out to be wrong , we will say so . ''
I accept that this does n't directly address the power relations that govern the papers . But it might help journalists to assert a measure of independence , and readers to hold them to it . Just as voters should lobby their MPs to represent them and not just the whips , readers should seek to drag journalists away from the demands of their editors . The oath is one possible tool that could enhance reader power .
If you do n't like it , suggest a better idea . Something has to change : never again should a half a dozen oligarchs be allowed to dominate and corrupt the life of this country .
• A fully referenced version of this article can be found on George Monbiot 's website . On Twitter , @ georgemonbiot .
Angelica Higuera , 33 , is a public school teacher who , on weekends , cleaned houses and scrubbed toilets to earn extra money .
Jose Higuera , 35 , is a scrap metal hauler who worked 14-hour days so they could eventually buy six trucks .
That 's how the Higuera family finally landed their dream home : a two-story dwelling surrounded by rose bushes on a Yorba Linda cul-de-sac that cost $ 785,000 .
“ Our motto is , ‘ It 's not where you 're at… ” said Angelica , as their two children , 6-year-old Jay and 4-year-old Kassandra , played tag in the spacious backyard . “ … It 's where you 're going to be . ' ”
Real estate professionals call them “ Hispennials. ” The label , a mash-up of Hispanics and millennials , defines a group of consumers , aged 20 to 36 , which the housing industry is eagerly courting .
“ If you look at the Latino population , their demographic is younger and they are just starting to buy homes , ” said Rick Arvielo , CEO of Tustin-based New American Funding , a fast-growing lender with 35 offices in Southern California .
“ Millennials and Hispennials are the biggest waves in home buying . ”
Today , just 45 percent of Latinos in the U.S. own homes , 20 percentage points lower than the home ownership rate of non-Hispanic whites .
But that 's changing quickly . Last year , Latinos accounted for 75 percent of the net growth in overall home ownership . Their numbers grew by 209,000 to a total of 7.3 million , according to the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals .
“ The Hispanic market has outgrown the ‘ niche ' segment designation , ” the San Diego-based trade group asserted in its annual report .
And a study by the Housing Policy Finance Center of the Urban Institute , a Washington , D.C.-based think tank , makes this prediction : By 2030 , Latino families will comprise 56 percent of all new homeowners .
California 's Latino surge
For Hispennials , who generally have lower credit scores than non-Hispanic whites , and less help from prosperous relatives for down payments , buying a home is far from easy . And the Urban Institute warns that for the overall housing market to remain prosperous , Latinos must gain more access to credit .
“ The face of the nation is changing , and our housing market will inevitably change with it , ” they wrote .
“ It will either do so by contracting , because it can not accommodate a larger and larger percentage of our citizens , or it will do so by becoming more inclusive because we have found ways to bring a more diverse profile of borrower into the system . ”
Big banks are stepping up .
In 2015 , Wells Fargo , the nation 's largest mortgage originator , pledged to lend $ 125 billion to Latinos over 10 years and grow the number of Hispanics on its sales teams . Last year , the bank loaned $ 10.5 billion to 44,000 Latino families—9 percent of its total purchase mortgages .
“ We made this commitment because Hispanics are the largest growing demographic of homebuyers in the next decade , ” a bank spokesperson said in an email .
The move is also good public relations : In 2012 , Wells Fargo paid a $ 175 million settlement to resolve federal charges that it had assessed 34,000 Hispanic and African-Americans higher mortgage fees and rates compared with white borrowers with similar credit profiles .
Hispanics make up 18 percent of the U.S. population , but they accounted for about half the country 's overall growth since 2010 . One in five of the nation 's 75 million Millennials identifies as Latino .
In California , Latinos are now the largest ethnic group . They make up 38.8 percent of the state 's 39 million residents , having edged past the portion of non-Hispanic whites two years ago .
Rebounding from foreclosure
The Higueras bought their first home in 2006 , in Perris , for $ 360,000 . They saved for the three percent down payment by living with their parents after college .
“ At Fullerton College , my economics professor told us , ‘ Whatever you do , buy a house as soon as you have a full-time job , ' ” said Angelica , who was born in Orange and raised in Anaheim . “ It is an investment . ”
But home ownership and a strong work ethic also ran in the Higueras ' families .
Angelica 's parents , Mexican immigrants , work in Anaheim factories , their mother on an assembly line at a nutrition plant , and their father as a supervisor at an electronics manufacturer . Over the years , they saved up enough to buy a home and two rental properties .
Jose 's parents , also Mexican immigrants , pooled their incomes and their siblings ' earnings to buy a home in Anaheim . Their mother washed dishes at a retirement home and their father worked as a mechanic at a junkyard and as a big rig driver .
In 2009 , however , the recession tanked Jose 's scrap hauling business . The Higueras went bankrupt and lost their Perris home to foreclosure .
They moved back to Anaheim , living in one of Angelica 's parents ' rental homes . Slowly , they built back .
“ I worked three jobs and we counted every penny , ” Angelica recalled . “ It took three years to pay off our debts . ”
In 2012 , as Jose 's business rebounded , they bought a modest Anaheim house out of foreclosure for $ 290,000 . Thanks to Orange County 's hot housing market , they sold it last year for $ 510,000 , and used the equity from that sale as down payment for the Yorba Linda home .
By then , Angelica was making $ 75,000 a year as a special education teacher in the Moreno Valley Unified School District . Jose was netting about $ 100,000 a year from the hauling business .
“ We see every downfall as an opportunity to become better , ” said Angelica , who also handles finances for the hauling business .
“ The recession was a blessing in disguise , ” they added . “ We got to move back to Orange County , near our friends and families . ”
A Tustin lender to the underserved
With the median age of Latinos at 28 , compared with 43 for non-Hispanic whites , more families like the Higueras are moving into the housing market . And Latino-focused lenders are ready to help .
In the past five years , New American Funding , which holds the Higueras ' mortgage , has become the largest independent purchase lender in Southern California , as distinguished from national banks such as Wells Fargo and Bank of America .
About a quarter of the firm 's $ 22 billion portfolio is loaned to Latinos . With 130 branches nationwide , New American 's loan volume boomed to $ 11.7 billion last year from $ 3.6 billion in 2012 .
Arvielo , the CEO , is of Italian-American extraction and their wife , Patty , a longtime mortgage professional who is president of the company , is the daughter of a Mexican immigrant mother and an American-born father .
“ Patty is passionate about lending to the underserved , ” Rick Arvielo said . “ These days , anybody who does n't have a super-high credit score and super-high income is underserved . A large percentage is people of color . ”
Patty Arvielo headlines the company 's conferences for real estate agents across the country entitled “ The Hispennial Generation : Marketing to the Nuevo Latino . ”
Twenty-eight percent of New American 's 2600 employees are Latino . The firm has committed to recruiting , training and hiring another 1,000 Hispanics by 2024 .
By 2024 , New American has pledged to grant $ 25 billion in new mortgages to Latino borrowers . The company also has launched an initiative to boost lending to African-Americans .
“ It is the smart thing to do , ” said Rick Arvielo . “ We are a nation of minorities . If you are not going to be inclusive of them , you are thinning your opportunities . ”
Mattress money
Along with Alterra Home Loans in Las Vegas , another Latino-focused lender , New American is tapping into programs offered by federal mortgage backers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac designed to help families who do n't meet traditional lending criteria .
Fannie Mae 's “ HomeReady ” and Freddie Mac 's “ Your Path ” allow the income of extended family members in multi-generational households to factor into eligibility , even if they are n't listed on the mortgage . They allow money from seasonal work , or self-employment to count toward the borrower 's income .
Alterra , which has 62 branches nationwide , including 21 in Southern California , loaned $ 1.3 billion last year , up from $ 948 million in 2015 . Latinos accounted for 60 percent of that business .
“ The only market segment that is increasing its homeownership on a yearly basis is Hispanics , ” said Chief Production Officer Miguel Narvaez . “ For first-time buyers , Hispennials represent the future . ”
Understanding the cultural nuances of Latino families is key .
“ When you are dealing with Jose and Maria who work more than one job , some of their income may be in cash , “ Rick Arvielo said . “ They do n't trust a bank so they may not deposit their money . They may have mattress money . ”
A 2015 study by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , a federal agency , estimated that 16 percent of Hispanics is unbanked , as compared to 7 percent of the general population .
Another issue is credit scoring .
“ One thing that disqualifies borrowers is too many open trade lines , ” Arvielo added . “ Say they have a Sears card , a Nordstrom card and seven MasterCards . That 's because Hispanics go to Toys R Us to buy a stroller and the store offers a discount if you get their credit card . They may never use the card again . ”
The automated program most lenders use to measure and quantify their risk in any home loan transaction , Desktop Underwriter , “ does n't understand the story , ” Arvielo said . “ But we will approve the loan in a manual underwrite .
“ You need a human who understands cultural differences , ” they added .
Tight credit for Latinos
Unlike most lenders who rely on outside servicers to collect payments , the Arvielos set up an in-house entity in Austin , Texas to service the firm 's $ 22 billion portfolio .
“ Hispanic couples sometimes need more handholding , ” they said . “ We built Spanish-speaking teams to serve our borrowers . ”
Arvielo acknowledges the excesses of the 2007-2010 mortgage crisis , when some lenders widely ignored traditional rules — or even committed fraud — to make profit on loans that were n't financially sound . “ Subprime is a dirty word in our industry now , ” they said .
“ Where the wheels came off is when you had a maid who wanted to buy a half-million dollar house . An irresponsible lender would write down income of $ 20,000 a month because that 's what they needed to qualify . ”
But the tightening of credit since the housing meltdown has meant that many credit-worthy borrowers are “ effectively being shut out from homeownership , ” NAHREP , the trade group for Hispanic realtors , noted in its report .
The effect on Latinos is acute : in 2016 , they were denied conventional loans at a rate of 17.3 percent , nearly 9 percentage points higher than the denial rate for non-Hispanic whites .
Lenders today shy away from borrowers with credit scores below 640 , Arvielo said .
New American will go lower “ under certain circumstances , but there 's got to be a story , ” they added . “ Our goal is n't to give a bunch of loans to people who are going to struggle to repay . Our goal is to get people into housing . ”
They added , “ The hardest working people in the world are people of color . But they do n't have the opportunities that Joe White does . That 's one reason our middle class is shrinking . Housing is America 's number one wealth builder . ”
And building wealth is what the Higueras and fellow Hispennials are eager to do .
RELATED :
WOMACK 'S YOKOTEN – The author reflects on how the legacy of Taylor and Ford still poses challenges to the lean movement , and why critics should move past a simplistic view of lean as mere standardization .
Words : Jim Womack , Founder and Senior Advisor , Lean Enterprise Institute
Every family has a few members who are eccentric and problematic – like the proverbial crazy uncle locked in the attic . While this makes for fun conversations at family events – provided these folks do n't attend ! – crazy relatives can become a real problem if their antics reflect on the whole family . In the lean movement my two candidates for crazy relatives are Frederick Taylor and Henry Ford , who continue to cause us trouble 101 and 69 years after passing from this life .
Frederick Taylor , most famous for The Principles of Scientific Management published in 1911 , did one good thing – they focused on how people did their work . This was in contrast with big company practice in their time of managers paying piece rates to encourage workers to work as hard and fast as possible but without knowledge of or interest in how they actually did the work . Taylor wanted to change this by observing each job in an organization – typically in large manufacturing companies like Bethlehem Steel – to find out who performed the job the most effectively , what Taylor called “ the one best way ” . They then wanted to standardize this practice and direct everyone else to follow it while setting a higher production target to qualify for a bonus . They believed that everyone could make the bonus by following their standard work and everyone would be better off .
What was wrong with Taylor 's approach ? Just about everything . Taylor was convinced that most workers hated to work and were therefore “ soldiering ” , pretending they were working as hard as they could . It was management 's job to make them work harder and this required a sharp distinction between those doing the work and the managers thinking about how to get them to do the work . Thus the need for the manager to actually understand the work by observing the work . This meant in practice that the person doing the work the “ best ” way would effectively have their knowledge appropriated for use by everyone else without any reward . And everyone else would be mindlessly and grumpily following the instructions of the manager-expert based on the best way of the best worker . A great formula for mass misery .
But Taylor did n't stop there . They envisioned the work needed to create a completed product as a set of isolated , discrete steps , not as a continuous flow . So there was no need to align and tightly connect all of the work with everyone working at the same rate ( known to us today as takt time . ) They concluded that process village layouts were fine if progress was monitored with accurate “ travelers ” and production schedules for each step ( later automated as MRP ) and that the really important task for managers was to make full use of the assets in each village , both technical and human . This led to chronic overproduction to keep every machine and worker busy . To make the best of a bad thing , Taylor also invented standard-cost , absorption accounting , which judged managers on how fully they utilized labor and machines and then treated in-process inventories , no matter how unnecessary , as assets . And , as Dr. Deming pointed out , the focus on production without reference to the quality of the production was corrosive both to quality and to improvement .
As for improvement beyond current best practice , this was to be done by experts making observations without consultation with workers or line managers and , in Taylor 's case , by external consultants . Indeed , Taylor invented the modern consulting industry as the first management consultant , in addition to being the first process consultant .
Oh , and finally , Taylor was a notorious cheat who doctored their results regarding productivity gains . ( See Matthew Stewart 's The Management Myth and Jill Lepore 's “ Not So Fast ” in the New Yorker , October 12 , 2009 , for the lurid details . ) Good grief . A really bad relative .
Henry Ford had no use for Taylor . They observed that the hard work of Taylor 's classic worker , Schmidt the pig iron handler , would be unnecessary if the pigs were put down in the right place to begin with . If there was no in-process inventory between production steps and if everything from the previous step was delivered directly to the next step there would be no pigs or anything else to lift . Moving from process villages to cells and continuous flow for each product family was the solution , leaving out many wasteful steps altogether . And in the early days , until the Highland Park complex was completed in 1914 , Ford 's line managers and workers consulted intensively about the best way to do each task in Ford 's new flow production system by working backwards from the work itself , not by observing many workers to see who did the work the best way . But as their company grew in size , managers began to simply tell workers what to do and how to improve their work based on the analysis of industrial engineers . Workers were to keep their heads down and keep working – Taylor had come in through the back door .
Ford was one of those folks who lived beyond their time in other ways as well , thinking that they knew what customers needed , specifically a completely standardized product with no options offered for years on end with no change . And they loved political systems that could supply the stability needed to make their system run smoothly . They were awarded medals for boosting industrial productivity by both Hitler and Stalin . And they were notoriously anti-Semitic and anti-labor and anti- a lot of other groups as well . In short their reputation would have been better served , the world would have been a better place , and lean thinkers would have had an easier time if they had been run over by a Model T in 1914 rather than living another 33 years to be become progressively more eccentric and destructive .
Today , we suffer from Taylor and Ford when critics rely on pattern recognition to brand us as “ Taylorists ” or “ Fordists ” , always focusing on the issue of work design and management . They see one dimension of one small piece of lean 's tool kit – standardizing individual jobs – as the whole . But they never ask about how standardization can work when work content varies ( it can ) and they never ask about the total process of value creation and how work and the management of work can be connected from end to end ( they can ) for the benefit of everyone , through shared inquiry about the work .
This critique seems to be heard more frequently as lean thinking is applied to professional work , where “ professional ” for many has meant the opportunity to do their work in their own way with no one else knowing what they are doing . I recently encountered a lovely example in a government organization that regulates drugs and medical devices critical to human health . The hundreds of doctors and PhD 's involved in making determinations about efficacy and toxicity worked in one-desk rooms behind closed doors . The senior management actually had very little knowledge of what they did , how the many steps were connected , why it took so long , and why many items authorized for use after years of analysis produced unanticipated side effects . I was called in for a second opinion after efforts to improve professional work by traditional management consultants had led to the development of standard operating procedures without actually understanding the work , KPIs for performance of each step , complaints of “ speed ups ” , and no improvement in results . I explained that managers and value-creators needed to begin by actually understanding the work and its impediments through intense dialogue .
Professional work – that of the engineer , the doctor , the app designer , the manager too – is particularly important for lean thinkers to tackle because over time office and professional work have become a larger and larger fraction of the total work done in society . And in the future , as automation proceeds , touch labor in manufacturing and other manual work will probably go the way of farm work to become a very small part of economic activity . So if we ca n't improve professional work we reach a limit , perhaps the reason the world 's most highly developed economies are showing only slight gains in productivity in recent decades despite many new technologies .
How can we deal with this problem ? First , let 's make sure that we are not secretly Taylorists or Fordists ourselves . In my visits to companies I sometimes hear members of our community slipping into “ I will tell them how to do the work and I will also think about how to do the work better ” mode . Block that urge . It 's disrespectful to people and it leads to bad results .
Then let 's be clearer with everyone we meet about the nature of lean . We need to explain that it always involves intense collaboration between everyone – line managers , front-line value creators ( from assembly workers to surgeons ) , contributors from support functions – to deeply understand the work and then to rethink and align complex streams of work involving many people with different skills . The objective must be to produce a better result for the customer , better work experience for employees , and better performance for the organization , all by removing waste . We must help organizations achieve all three objectives or we have n't done our most important work as lean thinkers .
The lean movement over 100 years has moved a long ways beyond our crazy American relatives , Taylor and Ford , by going to Japan and back and by adapting lean principles to practically every type of value-creating activity across the world . So let 's invite our critics to come along with us , beyond simple pattern recognition and kneejerk responses to the very notion of standardized work , to a higher level of understanding about the nature of human work and how to it make better .
THE AUTHOR
Management expert James P. Womack , is the founder and senior advisor to the Lean Enterprise Institute . The intellectual basis for the Cambridge , MA-based Institute is described in a series of books and articles co-authored by Jim themselves and Daniel Jones over the past 25 years . During the period 1975-1991 , they were a full-time research scientist at MIT directing a series of comparative studies of world manufacturing practices . As research director of MIT 's International Motor Vehicle Program , Jim led the research team that coined the term “ lean production ” to describe Toyota 's business system . They served as LEI 's chairperson and CEO from 1997 until 2010 when they were succeeded by John Shook .
Executives at The Home Depot gave a cool reception to representatives of the anti-gay hate group American Family Association at the company 's annual shareholder 's meeting in Atlanta this week .
The AFA recently called for a nationwide boycott against The Home Depot because it says the home improvement retailer continues to “ promote the homosexual agenda . ”
AFA Executive Vice-President Buddy Smith , and Director of Special Projects Randy Sharp , said they were rebuffed by Home Depot Chairman Frank Blake and other company executives for challenging their “ corporate endorsement ” of marriage equality and LGBT rights .
“ We presented to the shareholders and to the chairperson and the board of directors over 470,000 signature petitions asking them to remain neutral in the culture war , specifically when it addresses gay marriage and homosexual activist groups , ” Sharp tells OneNewsNow . The reception was cool , adds the AFA spokesperson . Blake thanked AFA for the petitions but again , as in the past , reiterated the company 's support for “ diversity , ” which includes same-gender “ marriage . ”
Atlanta-based Home Depot promotes diversity-oriented organizations , including “ Out and Equal Workplace Advocates , ” an LGBT advocacy group that supports workplace diversity , marriage equality , and activities such as Transgender Remembrance Day . The Home Depot is also a supporter of the Human Rights Campaign .
“ For several years , The Home Depot has given its financial and corporate support to open displays of homosexual activism on main streets in America 's towns , ” said the AFA , in a statement . “ The Home Depot has chosen to sponsor and participate in numerous gay pride parades and festivals . Most grievous is The Home Depot 's deliberately exposing small children to lascivious displays of sexual conduct by homosexuals and cross-dressers , which are a common occurrence at these events . ”
The AFA has been designated as a “ hate group ” by the Southern Poverty Law Center .
Most recently , Bryan Fischer , the AFA 's director of analysis for government and policy , has referred to gays as Nazi 's , and also called gays the “ # 1 perpetrators of hate crimes in America . ”
This Story Filed Under
You wo n't believe your eyes – Click above image to watch video after the jump
Years and years ago , we saw punk rock legend Mike Watt break an E-string on their bass during a fIREHOSE show . Without missing a beat , they yanked a new string from beside their amp , slid it through the bridge , tied it around the tuning peg and with a single twist their bass was back in tune . The whole shebang from snapped string to next note took perhaps three seconds and the song never stopped . It was amazing ; truly one of the most impressive things we 've ever seen . Until today.You 're just going to have watch this to believe it . However , we 'd like to take this opportunity to tell you that if you happen to have an old VW Bug and a screwdriver sitting around , you should totally NOT try this at home , as odds are you 'll lose a knuckle or three . Why ? You sir , are not superhuman . This guy , however , is . Make the jump to watch the video [ Source : Streetfire
Did the NFL experience a clock malfunction for the second consecutive Monday Night Football game ? That was a fair question to ask moments ago as halftime approached at Lincoln Financial Field .
As ESPN announcer Mike Tirico noted , the game clock did not start in conjunction with a Philadelphia Eagles offensive play on third-and-1 from the New York Giants ' 32-yard line -- as it should have after referee Carl Cheffers waved off a defensive holding penalty .
Instead , the game clock stayed at 33 seconds until five seconds had run off the play clock . But a review of the previous play suggests the clock operator , who is by rule a league employee , might have fallen behind on several corrections during the Eagles ' hurry-up offense .
On the previous play , a second-and-five with 41 seconds remaining , the game clock did n't start until five seconds had rolled off the play clock as well . The clock continued running after the whistle until there was 31 seconds left .
Cheffers stopped the clock to announce the penalty . After waving it off , and before blowing the whistle to start the clock , they announced it should be reset to 40 seconds .
The clock operator restored the clock to 33 seconds and then waited five seconds to start .
Confused yet ?
I 've reached out to the NFL for clarification and will update this post if and when I hear back . The issue did n't materially affect the game ; the Eagles kicked a field goal with five seconds remaining in the half . But it is still worth noting given last week 's unusual loss of 18 seconds , which the NFL blamed on a clock operator error , during the Monday Night Football game at Qualcomm Stadium .
SiriusXM Canada is pleased to announce The Beatles Channel , launching May 18 at 9:09 am ET exclusively on SiriusXM channel 18 .
Celebrating popular music 's most legendary and influential band , The Beatles Channel has been created by SiriusXM to present unique and exclusive programming in collaboration with and fully authorized by The Beatles ' Apple Corps Ltd .
The Beatles Channel will also be available online and through the SiriusXM app .
The Beatles Channel will showcase all-things-Beatles with regular and special programming spanning the history-making careers of the band and its members : John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr . The channel will explore The Beatles ' entire career including their hits and deeper tracks , live recordings , rarities , and solo albums , while also spotlighting musicians who have inspired , and have drawn inspiration from , The Beatles .
Paul McCartney said , “ I still remember the thrill of when we first heard our music on the radio , but I do n't think any of us would have imagined that we 'd have our very own Beatles radio channel more than 50 years later . The SiriusXM channel will have it all , 8 Days a Week . ”
Ringo Starr added , “ Great news , The Beatles will have their own channel on SiriusXM . Now you can listen to The Beatles , Any Time at All . Peace & Love . ”
The Beatles Channel will launch at exactly 9:09 am ET on Thursday May 18 , and will be celebrated as part of SiriusXM 's free listening preview program , offering 24/7 listening on inactive SiriusXM radios from May 17 to May 30 .
The Beatles Channel will present a curated mix of music tailored to a wide range of Beatles fans , along with a variety of regular shows and specials , including :
Breakfast with The Beatles : A daily morning show hosted by musician and lifelong Beatles aficionado , Chris Carter , featuring music , stories and all things Beatles .
A daily morning show hosted by musician and lifelong Beatles aficionado , Chris Carter , featuring music , stories and all things Beatles . A Day in the Life : A daily feature noting milestones in the lives and career of The Beatles .
A daily feature noting milestones in the lives and career of The Beatles . My Fab Four : A daily guest DJ session , hosted by musicians influenced by The Beatles , celebrities , and super fan listeners , each playing their four favorite Beatles songs .
A daily guest DJ session , hosted by musicians influenced by The Beatles , celebrities , and super fan listeners , each playing their four favorite Beatles songs . Beatle Bites : A daily “ name the song ” quiz featuring a short snippet of a Beatles recording .
A daily “ name the song ” quiz featuring a short snippet of a Beatles recording . Dedicated Phone : # 844-999-BEATLES , for fans to make requests and share their Beatles stories .
# 844-999-BEATLES , for fans to make requests and share their Beatles stories . The Fab Fourum : A live weekly call-in roundtable show hosted by veteran broadcaster Dennis Elsas ; TV producer and author , Bill Flanagan ; and panelists including authors , musicians and fans .
: A live weekly call-in roundtable show hosted by veteran broadcaster Dennis Elsas ; TV producer and author , Bill Flanagan ; and panelists including authors , musicians and fans . Peter Asher : From Me To You : They sang Beatles compositions as a member of Peter & Gordon , was part of the formation of Apple Records and went on to become a multiple Grammy-winning producer and much more . Now , their stories come to life in this exclusive weekly series .
: They sang Beatles compositions as a member of Peter & Gordon , was part of the formation of Apple Records and went on to become a multiple Grammy-winning producer and much more . Now , their stories come to life in this exclusive weekly series . Magical Mini Concert : A weekly fantasy concert featuring live music from The Beatles and their solo works .
A weekly fantasy concert featuring live music from The Beatles and their solo works . Northern Songs with Bill Flanagan : A regular show from TV producer and author Flanagan , focusing on themes that tell the story of The Beatles , their music and the effect it had on generations of fans .
A regular show from TV producer and author Flanagan , focusing on themes that tell the story of The Beatles , their music and the effect it had on generations of fans . Get Back : The Beatles in Britain : A monthly show recorded in and around London and Liverpool that offers the UK perspective of the Beatles phenomenon , hosted by Geoff Lloyd .
On June 1 , The Beatles Channel will celebrate “ Pepper Day ” on the 50th Anniversary of the band 's acclaimed Sgt . Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , playing the album 's new Anniversary Edition stereo mix in its entirety . The album spotlight will be accompanied by commentary by the album 's original producer , the late George Martin , and by their son , Giles Martin , who produced the album 's new stereo and 5.1 surround mixes from The Beatles ' session tapes , guided by their father 's original , Beatles-preferred mono album mix . Apple Corps Ltd./Capitol/UMe will release ‘ Sgt . Pepper ‘ in several Anniversary Edition configurations on May 26 .
Republican U.S. presidential candidate Ted Cruz gestures over at rival candidate Donald Trump ( L ) at the U.S. Republican presidential candidates debate in Detroit , Michigan , March 3 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jim Young
In late March , when the United States and China jointly declared that they 'd be moving to immediately sign and then join the Paris climate agreement “ as early as possible this year , ” it was seen as the latest show of joint leadership by the two largest emitters .
But there 's another possible implication that went largely unnoticed . If the nations of the world , led by its two biggest contributors to climate change , jump through all the hoops needed to bring this agreement into force before President Obama leaves office , the next U.S. president could have a difficult time — or at least , a long wait — if they or they wanted to get out of it .
The Paris agreement does not state or limit when it can go into effect — it simply depends on when enough countries formally sign and join it . If that occurred while Obama is still in office , “ then the next president could not withdraw until sometime in 2019 , and the withdrawal would not be effective until sometime in 2020 , ” said Daniel Bodansky , a scholar of international environmental law at Arizona State University and a former attorney at the State Department focused on climate change .
The top two Republican presidential contenders , Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Tex . ) and New York business person Donald Trump , have both expressed major skepticism about the extent to which human activity is driving climate change . Cruz said in an interview with National Public Radio in December , “ The scientific evidence does n't support global warming , ” and that when it comes to the “ theory ” of climate change , “ this is liberal politicians who want government power over the economy , the energy sector and every aspect of our lives . ”
Trump , for their part , has suggested slashing funding for the Environmental Protection Agency–the primary agency responsible for imposing limits on the nation 's carbon output–saying “ what they do is a disgrace ” and that even if it 's shrunk to a small portion of its current size , “ We 'll be fine with the environment . We can leave a little bit , but you ca n't destroy businesses . ”
[ In climate debate , a skeptical Congress is a world apart ]
Those positions suggest they would be none too keen about the Paris agreement , which takes climate science as a fundamental premise and seeks to organize the world 's countries into a process that will lead to global emissions reductions , providing a structure and reporting requirements for how individual countries will do so . Republicans have repeatedly said they would seek to overturn several signature Obama policies as soon as they took control of the White House , and reversing their climate rules and agreements rank high on that list . But with an already in-force Paris agreement , that might be pretty tough .
The Trump and Cruz campaigns did not respond to requests for comment for this article .
“ Thanks to the president 's leadership , the historic Paris Agreement put in place a framework for all countries to take action to address the growing threat of climate change , and to increase their action and commitments over time , ” said White House spokesperson Frank Benenati , in response to a request for comment from the Post . “ The sooner we bring the Agreement into force , the sooner the framework created by the Paris Agreement is put in place to ensure that all countries are acting and responding to climate change , as we are already seeing and experiencing the effects today and there is no time to waste . ”
The text of the Paris agreement was negotiated in December and agreed to unanimously by the 195 countries that are parties to the United Nations ' Framework Convention on Climate Change .
[ Those ambitious global warming goals ? The world may not know how to reach them ]
But for the agreement to take effect , two steps must be taken . First , nations must formally sign the agreement — which they can do starting on April 22 , when a signing ceremony is being held at the United Nations ' headquarters in New York . The United States and China have pledged to sign immediately then , along with some 130 other countries .
Second , nations must also take further steps to implement the agreement at home , before going back to the U.N. and depositing what are called their “ instruments of ratification , acceptance , approval or accession. ” After signing , “ then they each go through their respective domestic processes to formally ratify , or approve , there 's a whole string of alternate verbs that are used depending on one 's process , ” says Elliott Diringer , executive vice president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions .
The United States has said that the Paris agreement is not , in its eyes , a formal , legally binding treaty , which means that it does n't have to be ratified by the Senate . Thus , the formal process is likely to amount to a presidential order or statement , Diringer said .
When at least 55 countries , who account for at least 55 percent of global emissions , have all moved to join the agreement in this way , the Paris agreement then enters into force after a 30 day wait period . According to data just released by the U.N. , the U.S. and China accounted for around 38 percent of emissions , meaning that if the two act swiftly , it will be much easier to meet the emissions threshold . Other big emitters who could then help substantially in getting to 55 percent include Russia ( 7.5 percent ) , India ( 4.1 percent ) , Japan ( 3.79 percent ) , and Brazil ( 2.48 percent ) .
White House senior adviser Brian Deese made a point of saying , on a March 31 press call , that the fact that China had indicated it wanted to join the accord “ as soon as possible this year ” was “ significant . ”
“ That commitment will help build momentum for expeditious entry into force , which is something both our countries , through this joint statement , are calling for and that we will both be working together and respectively to try to encourage going forward , ” they said , adding that having it enter into force will send “ a strong , durable market signal to the global economy that we 're moving in the direction of low-carbon solutions , and will help ensure that the critical implementation steps that were left from the Paris agreement will be taken seriously and there wo n't be any backtracking . ”
Besides the United States and China , it is far from clear how quickly other countries will move in joining the agreement . But “ there is a concerted effort now by a significant group of countries to make sure this agreement comes into force before the end of the Obama administration , ” says Nigel Purvis , the president and CEO of Climate Advisers and a former State Department environmental official in the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations .
“ While success is not guaranteed , the U.S. and China decision to move forward quickly provides significant momentum , ” Purvis continued .
On top of that , the BASIC group of countries — Brazil , South Africa ( which accounts for 1.46 percent of global emissions ) , India , and China — recently released a statement saying they would also start domestic moves to ratify the agreement “ as soon as possible , ” suggesting other major emitters may be moving quickly .
[ How tiny island nations drove huge ambition at the Paris climate talks ]
It 's important to note that in earlier drafts of the Paris agreement being negotiated last year , it contained language suggesting that it could n't have entered into force so soon . Todd Stern , the U.S. 's special envoy for climate change and the agreement 's chief negotiator , noted on the March 31 press call that these earlier drafts had said it would not enter into force before 2020 . “ But that language fell out of the final draft , ” said Stern , “ so as soon as you hit that double threshold [ 55 countries representing 55 percent of emissions ] , the agreement is in force . And that could potentially happen this year . ”
So suppose that the agreement enters into force before the next president is inaugurated . At that point , to get out of it again , one turns to its Article 28 , which states that , “ At any time after three years from the date on which this Agreement has entered into force for a Party , that Party may withdraw from this Agreement. ” It adds , though , that the withdrawal itself does n't take effect until “ expiry of one year from the date of receipt by the Depositary of the notification of withdrawal. ” So that 's 4 years — the length of a presidential term .
This text , it 's important to emphasize , does n't seem to have been meant to trap anyone . It 's boilerplate language , says Arizona State 's Bodansky , and also found in other accords like the Kyoto Protocol and United Nations ' Framework Convention on Climate Change . “ It was not negotiated by the U.S. ( or any other country ) as a means of binding the next president , ” they say .
Any attempt to abandon or withdraw from the Paris agreement — either before or after its entry into force — would likely create international uproar .
“ Entry into force does in a sense create a higher hurdle in terms of reversing course essentially . But the political consequences are there under any circumstances , ” says David Waskow , who directs the international climate initiative at the World Resources Institute .
Granted , even if an unsympathetic U.S. president could n't formally withdraw immediately , that does n't mean that their or their hands would be overly tied by the agreement . That 's because when it comes to delivering actual emissions cuts , the agreement largely relies on the individual commitments by the world 's nations .
“ The provisions of the agreement which would remain in place for three years and that would therefore ‘ bind ' a future president are not very onerous , ” said John Bellinger , a former legal adviser to the State Department under Condoleeza Rice and currently an attorney at Arnold and Porter . “ The Obama administration carefully negotiated the Agreement to ensure that the binding provisions are not so burdensome as to require the agreement to be treated as a treaty for purposes of U.S. law , thereby requiring Senate advice and consent . The administration has already complied with one of the binding provisions , which was to announce a carbon reduction goal . But the agreement does not require a future president actually to achieve that goal . ”
So , the administration of a future President Trump or Cruz would presumably have to report to the U.N. on how it is going about implementing the Paris agreement , and how it intends to cut emissions ( whether it actually does so or not ) . The agreement gives the United States “ a responsibility to have a climate plan and to report transparently on progress to the international community , ” says Purvis .
And what if a future administration did n't even do that ? Failure to comply with the agreement does have some consequences , though they too do not appear to be very onerous . The text lays forth a “ compliance ” mechanism in the form of a “ committee ” that would be “ non-adversarial and non-punitive . ”
“ The premise of the Paris agreement is one of political pledges and political accountability , ” says Purvis . “ And the consequence for not complying is international criticism . And the need to explain oneself . ”
Still , it appears that an increased global desire to move fast on getting the agreement implemented , combined with some boilerplate language , does create a situation in which an in-force agreement would be fairly tough for the next president to get out of .
“ Countries gave considerable thought in Paris to creating a durable agreement that would outlive occasional lapses in political will , ” said Purvis .
Read more at Energy & Environment :
This huge region of Brazil is even more deforested than the Amazon
Tesla 's Model 3 orders are through the roof . Here 's what that means for the planet
Greenland and Antarctic melt is n't just raising seas — it 's changing the Earth 's rotation
For more , you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here , and follow us on Twitter here .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Congressional Republicans , who are urging President Barack Obama to back the Canada-to-Texas Keystone XL oil pipeline , are now working on plans to take the reins of approval from the hands of the president should the White House say no .
North Dakota Senator John Hoeven , whose state is counting on the pipeline to help move its newfound bounty of shale oil , is drafting legislation that would see Congress give the green light to the project by using its constitutional powers to regulate commerce with foreign nations , an aide told Reuters .
After delaying the project past the November 2012 election , Obama was compelled by Congress to decide by February 21 on whether to approve the pipeline that would sharply boost the flow of oil from Canada 's oil sands .
Should Obama reject the project , Senate Republicans would look at a bill that would force the go-ahead so work could begin on the $ 7 billion pipeline , save for a portion going through Nebraska , where the state government continues work on an alternate route , said Ryan Bernstein , an energy adviser to Hoeven .
They said Hoeven is working on the new approach with other key Republican senators , including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , Richard Lugar , David Vitter , Lisa Murkowski and Mike Johanns .
TransCanada Corp 's oil sands pipeline has put Obama in a political bind at the start of what is expected to be a difficult re-election campaign , and has become a useful tool for Republicans seeking to portray Obama as dithering on a project that they say would create 20,000 jobs .
PIPELINE BECOMES ELECTION ISSUE
Environmental groups , an important part of Obama 's political
base , have made defeating the line a top priority . They are concerned about the carbon emissions that come from processing the oil sands , and they argue the project will create fewer than 5,000 jobs .
The White House in November delayed its decision on Keystone to find a new route around environmentally sensitive lands in the Nebraska portion of its route . This effectively punted the decision beyond the November U.S. presidential election .
Republicans struck back by inserting language in the December payroll tax cut bill that gave Obama 60 days to grant a permit for the project or explain why it was not in the national interest .
Republicans hope that rising gasoline prices will increase pressure on the White House as the United States pushes for more sanctions on Iran to discourage countries from buying its oil .
Lugar , top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said it does not make sense to slow an oil pipeline from a reliable supplier such as Canada .
“ Even if in the future we do not ourselves consume all the Canadian oil imported , having that crude in the U.S. system would give us tremendous flexibility to deal with supply shortages caused by conflict , political manipulation , terrorism , or natural disaster , ” Lugar said in a January 6 letter to Obama .
‘ ANY AND ALL LEGISLATIVE OPTIONS ' IN PLAY
A spokesperson for House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner declined to comment on whether House Republicans would seek to include a new Keystone provision in legislation that will be needed to extend the payroll tax cut that expires on February 29 .
The White House and State Department have laid some ground for saying no , said Lee Terry , a Republican representative from Nebraska who is a prominent advocate for Keystone on the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
In December , the administration said imposing the 60-day deadline could violate environmental laws , effectively ruling out a permit .
A majority of voters support the pipeline , Rasmussen poll results from late December show , and most labor unions support it too . Saying “ no ” to the pipeline could turn it into an election issue , Terry said in an interview .
Obama could try to appease both sides by declaring the project is in the national interest , but making a permit contingent on further study of routes through Nebraska .
But Terry said they believe Republicans will consider “ any and all legislative options ” if the pipeline is delayed further , including but not limited to making it part of the next payroll tax package .
“ Right now , I think everything is on the table , ” they said .
Every single smartphone manufacturer on the globe has set its eyes on the most lucrative smartphone market , India . The Indian Smartphone market is primarily dominated by Korean smartphone giant Samsung , which accounted for 22.8 % of total smartphone shipments in Q2 2016 . On the parallel front , the other smartphone manufacturers are making every possible move to grab a sizable share of the market . The world 's third largest smartphone manufacturer Huawei is , reportedly , vying to capture 10 % of the smartphone market share in India by 2017 . Huawei also enjoys the Numero Uno position in China as the company accounted for 17.2 % of smartphone shipments in Q2 2016 . But this is not the first attempt by the Chinese smartphone major to grab a double-digit market share of smartphone market in India . Earlier also , in 2015 , Huawei planned to capture 10 % of the total budget phone market in India but was n't successful .
“ We want to be a leader in the India ( smartphone ) market . India 's consumer business directly reports to China headquarters because of importance of the market ” said Peter Zhai , President of Huawei India Consumer Business Group .
The words of Peter Zhai clearly signify the tremendous potential of the smartphone market in India . The country still lacks a considerable smartphone penetration , although India is the second largest smartphone market globally .
The Chinese smartphone behemoth , Huawei banks on its dual-brand strategy ( Huawei and Honor ) and the mix sales strategy of offline and online in India . The dual brand strategy helps Huawei to concentrate on the budget as well as the premium market of smartphones in an efficient manner . While Huawei brand is targeted towards the premium smartphone segment , its Honor brand caters the budget smartphone market .
Huawei seems to be bullish about its expansion plans in India . The company is planning to strengthen its offline presence by increasing the number of its retail stores , from 2,000 currently to 50,000 stores by the end of 2016 . The Chinese smartphone giant is also gearing up to set up a smartphone manufacturing plant in India ; Huawei has successfully obtained the license required to set up its smartphone manufacturing plant in the country recently .
Huawei is betting big on its vast research and development faculty in India that would help the firm to understand the local market equations and customers ' preferences .
Huawei Smartphones in India : A Big Window of Opportunity With Unprecedented Challenges
Undoubtedly , India is the most lucrative smartphone market as in the country of 1.3 billion people with 1.07 billion mobile subscriptions the smartphone has reached a meagre 17 % smartphone population penetration . Analyst firm Gartner has predicted that smartphone shipments are estimated to record a phenomenal 29 % year over year growth in 2016 . Therefore , the prospects are unending , and a majority of global smartphone manufacturers are vying to carve a niche in Indian smartphone market .
The Huawei 's strategy to increase its offline retail channels for selling their smartphone might be considered as an impressive move . Offline smartphone sales are still accounting for a lion 's share of total smartphone sales in India .
A recent report highlights the rising smartphone adoption in rural areas and tier-3 cities in India . Nearly 60 % of the mobile phones in these regions are basic feature phones , therefore poses a big window of opportunity for local and budget smartphone manufacturers . The primary focus for Huawei must be on the budget smartphone market – sub- $ 150 smartphones – in India , which accounts for 71 % of total smartphone quarterly shipments . Besides , as of 2015 , the Average Selling Price ( ASP ) of a smartphone in the country is hovering Rs . 10,700 ( $ 160 ) and is decreasing with each passing quarter .
The Chinese smartphone major , Huawei , still has a long way to go . In Q1 2016 , the company failed to feature in the list of top 5 smartphone manufacturers in India , according to the counterpoint research . The worrying factor for Huawei is that its other Chinese competitors , such as Xiaomi and Vivo , posted an impressive year over year growth in the number of smartphone shipments in Q1 2016 .
The competition for Huawei in the Indian smartphone market would surely heat up as some foreign smartphone manufacturers , including Apple and Lava , are also planning to set-up their manufacturing plants in the country . On the other hand , the recently passed Goods and Service Tax ( GST ) bill is slated to increase the price of goods especially smartphones . Therefore , it would be interesting to see how Huawei addresses these challenges to capture a sizable share of smartphone market in India and succeeds of course .
The funding deal to build the $ 5.5 billion West Gate Tunnel is at risk of collapse after the opposition declared it would use its numbers in parliament to oppose an extension to CityLink tolls to pay for the project .
On Friday the opposition wrote to toll road operator Transurban to inform the company that the Coalition would `` disallow '' the 10 to 12 year extension to tolls on CityLink .
Victorian Opposition Leader Matthew Guy has vowed to block the extension to CityLink tolls to fund the building or the proposed West Gate Tunnel project . Credit : Justin McManus
Opposition Leader Matthew Guy 's dramatic move to block the road project could be painfully ironic for Labor given it went into the 2014 election promising to kill the Coalition 's signature project , the East West Link .
However , Mr Guy 's push will rely on crossbench support .
Mr Gatti had retired from professional boxing in 2007
The former world boxing champion Arturo Gatti killed themselves and was not murdered , say Brazilian investigators .
Mr Gatti was found on 11 July , in a hotel in north-eastern Brazil where they had been staying with their wife and son .
Shortly afterwards , their wife , Amanda Rodrigues , was arrested on suspicion of strangling Mr Gatti with the strap from their handbag .
A court has now ordered their release after the investigation found that Mr Gatti probably hanged himself .
Police at the time had said there were inconsistencies in the statement Ms Rodrigues gave to them and that they had not explained how they stayed in the hotel room for 10 hours after they died .
Them lawyer , Celio Avelino , said it `` would have been impossible for them to suspend and hang a man of that size '' .
Mr Gatti was IBF super-featherweight champion in 1995 and WBC light-welterweight champion in 2004 , and retired in 2007 .
Gatti 's career spanned 49 fights and they won 40 of them , 31 by knockout . They retired two years ago .
× Big asteroid to whiz ( safely ) by Earth this month
A large asteroid is hurtling toward Earth — but there 's no need to duck and cover .
The space rock , known by the very dull name of 2014 JO25 will safely fly by Earth on April 19 , according to NASA . The chances of it pounding our planet and leaving us for the dead ? Zero , experts say .
“ Although there is no possibility for the asteroid to collide with our planet , this will be a very close approach for an asteroid of this size , ” NASA said in a statement .
What size are we talking about ? Measurements taken by NASA 's NEOWISE space probe indicate the asteroid is about 2,000 feet ( 650 meters ) in size . That 's about 670 yards ( 613 meters ) , or about the length of six NFL football fields .
And how close is “ very close ” ? NASA says this rock will come about 1.1 million miles ( 1.8 million kilometers ) from Earth . That 's about 4.6 times the distance from Earth to the moon . The moon , by the way , is about 239,000 miles ( 384,400 kilometers ) from Earth .
While several small asteroids pass within this distance of Earth a few times a week , this is the closest by any known asteroid of this size or bigger in 13 years — since asteroid Toutatis in 2004 , according to the space agency .
Can you see asteroid 2014 JO25 ? Well , maybe . This asteroid has a reflective surface and you might be able to see it with a telescope .
“ The asteroid will approach Earth from the direction of the sun and will become visible in the night sky after April 19 , ” NASA said .
If you do n't have your own telescope , you can watch the asteroid online .
Astronomers discovered 2014 J025 three years ago ( you guessed it in 2014 ) . This will be its closest encounter with Earth for the last 400 years . NASA said telescopes around the world will be trained on it during the flyby to try to learn more about it .
“ Radar observations are planned at NASA 's Goldstone Solar System Radar in California and the National Science Foundation 's Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico , and the resulting radar images could reveal surface details as small as a few meters , ” NASA said .
If you head out to try to spot the asteroid , you might also want to check out comet PanSTARRS ( C/2015 ER61 ) . It also is making its closest approach to Earth — coming about 109 million miles ( 175 million kilometers ) from the planet . NASA said it 's visible in the dawn sky with binoculars or a small telescope .
Canada 's environment minister says all jurisdictions in Canada need a price on carbon , and they wo n't rule out imposing a national price if provincial leaders drag their heels .
`` What is really clear … is that every jurisdiction needs to have a price on carbon , and the premiers have all recognized that a price on carbon is part of the solution [ to fight climate change ] , '' Catherine McKenna said in an interview with Chris Hall on CBC Radio 's The House .
Trudeau and the provincial premiers announced after their meeting in Vancouver Thursday that they are working toward a national climate change plan that includes an agreement in principle for a carbon pricing mechanism — although they did not offer specifics on how it would work .
Trudeau said a price on carbon is an essential tool in the effort to fight climate change and the leaders would continue to work toward that end , taking into consideration the unique challenges of the different provinces and territories .
`` The fact that we 've been talking about a price on carbon , I think , is a huge advance , '' McKenna said . `` But I think it 's important that we do this in a thoughtful way , you do need experts to weigh in on this . ''
CBC News reported Wednesday that the federal government is prepared to impose a national price on carbon if Canada 's premiers fail to come to an agreement on their own .
`` We have said — and the premiers have agreed — that a price on carbon is part of the solution , '' McKenna said when pressed if Ottawa was willing to impose a national price .
Brad Wall , the premier of Saskatchewan , has been a particularly vocal opponent of carbon pricing . They argue that their government 's move to make coal plants cleaner , through a carbon capture scheme , should qualify as a provincial effort to reduce emissions .
`` I think this is part of the discussion , that we have models out there already , '' McKenna said , pointing to B.C. , Alberta , Ontario and Quebec 's initiatives , which include a carbon tax and a cap-and-trade regime .
Federal , provincial and territorial officials will work over the next six months to draft a national climate plan that the leaders hope to endorse at another summit in October . They will concentrate on four key areas :
Clean technology , innovation and jobs .
Carbon pricing mechanisms .
Specific opportunities to slash emissions .
Adaptations to changing climate and severe weather .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and the premiers announce a framework that will 'include pricing carbon ' 2:31
`` We will have a [ new emissions ] target at the end of the six-month process , '' McKenna said . `` We need the actions first . I have said this and I keep on repeating it . You can put up a target , but if you do n't have actions to get there , there 's no point — and I want this to be an ambitious target . ''
The Harper government set a target of a 30 per cent reduction in greenhouse gases from 2005 levels by 2030 . The Trudeau government has said its reduction targets will be much more ambitious , something McKenna reaffirmed in their interview with Hall .
`` We know there are a lot of emissions coming from transportation — how do we reduce emissions there ? Buildings , how do we make those more energy efficient ? So , we 're going to go through that exercise and then we will know where we can be with our target , which I 've said is a floor … not a ceiling . ''
Climate deal with Obama
McKenna will be part of the official Canadian delegation travelling to Washington , D.C. , for the state dinner between Trudeau and U.S. President Barack Obama .
The two leaders are expected to unveil a North American climate deal that will better harmonize Canada-U.S. efforts to cap global warming at a maximum of two degrees warmer than it was before the Industrial Revolution 150 years ago — the target established at the Paris climate talks last fall .
`` This is going to be the first state dinner in I think 19 years . I was actually in Washington last week to set the stage for some of the discussions , and it 's amazing to see how committed the Obama administration is to take real action on climate change , '' McKenna said .
`` You 'll have to stay tuned , but I think you 'll see some good news coming out of next week , '' they said .
With Thailand reeling over last week 's death of King Bhumibol Adulyadej , a member of the ruling junta says it will seek to extradite people living abroad who are suspected of insulting the country 's monarchy .
According to Reuters , General Paiboon Koomchaya told reporters in the capital Bangkok that the junta will ask foreign governments to extradite people suspected of violating the country 's draconian lèse majesté law , which carries severe penalties . Ostensibly , the law is meant to protect the royal family from defamation but in practice is freely used as a tool to suppress dissent .
“ We will ask for cooperation , friendship and respect from these countries and we hope that they understand that all Thais can not accept these insults , ” the general reportedly said , conceding that significant legal and diplomatic challenges could temper the request .
Authorities said they will seek to extradite six high-profile suspects living abroad , Reuters reports . The junta says the six have tried to provoke unrest in Thailand .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Local media reported earlier this week that an ultra-royalist vigilante group known as the Rubbish Collection Organization put out a call on social media for people to find a suspect who is believed to be hiding in Paris .
Thailand entered a year-long period of mourning on Friday following the passing of the country 's monarch . Upon their death at 88 , they were the world 's longest reigning monarch , having held the throne for 70 years .
Tensions are high . Videos circulating online show a number of people in separate incidents being attacked by royalist mobs , or forced to prostrate themselves in front of images of the revered monarch , either for failing to wear mourning colors or for not mourning appropriately .
The junta has urged Thais to report suspected lèse majesté violations and has asked Internet service providers to monitor content and block what it sees as inappropriate material .
Meanwhile , the New York Times reported Wednesday that Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn could be ready to ascend the throne as early as Friday . Citing Prime Minister General Prayuth Chan-ocha , the newspaper said that the date of their ascension is still unclear , but that the Prince could become King seven to 15 days after the date of their father 's death .
Previous reports have suggested that the Crown Prince , who has requested time to mourn , would not be succeeding to the throne for a year . A close aide to the late king , 96-year-old Prem Tinsulanonda , assumed the regency last week in theirs stead .
Write to Feliz Solomon at feliz.solomon @ time.com .
Former NFL Player Tim Watson posted this poignant open letter to Adrian Peterson on their SportsBlog blog . Check it out :
Dear Adrian ,
Let me first of all start this letter off by sharing that I 'm a huge fan of what you have been able to do as a football player . Your style of play and resulting performances have been nothing short of spectacular since you became a national brand as a first-year student at Oklahoma . But , a man of your stature ( physically , financially , and socially ) must certainly get those types of compliments all the time . However , the unfortunate ancillary consequence of your `` bigger than life '' persona is that very seldom , if at all , will people share painful truths with you that present counterpoints to a stance you might have on a particular issue . As a member of our very select fraternity of both current and former NFL players , I 'm not one who 's subject to such a constraint . I actually feel that we have an obligation to be real with one another within this unique assembly . As a rookie 6th Round Draft pick in 1993 , I remember a couple of my veteran teammates in Kansas City who took enough time and care with me to teach me the ropes and keep me out of trouble . The first was the late great Derrick Thomas . Derrick took me under their wing from the moment I arrived as a practice player with the Chiefs after I was released by Green Bay following only the 2nd week of that season . They showed me around the city ; including alerting me where I should and should not go . Then there was the veteran safety who I was basically brought in to replace , Martin Bayless . Not only did Martin not feel threatened by my presence , they treated me like a little brother : helping me pay for Saturday team meals , treating me to unlimited orders of gear from their `` No Fear '' apparel contract , and teaching me the intricacies of our defense . I 'm sharing my experience with a couple of players who preceded me to give some context around the sentiment in which I 'm delivering this letter to you .
Of course there is a high likelihood that you will never see this letter . However , as I 've watched , read , and heard about the many publicly revealed aspects of your case with your son , as well as the current stand-off with the Minnesota Vikings , I felt a 3rd party observation without an emotional attachment might be useful to hopefully provide you with some perspective . Now , venturing back to the initial incident that started your current journey , I think you would agree now that the level of corporal punishment you inflicted upon your son was over the top . Based upon your own public statements of contrition for what you did , we as public observers can either take your word as genuine or continue to cast doubt . I personally took your word to be your bond . Now this is where things get a little cloudy for most of us on the outside . But , from what we 're hearing in reports , it appears that you ( and your wife ) felt betrayed by the Minnesota Vikings because of the way someone within the organization handled the aftermath of the case . Many reports are that you felt like `` they did n't have your back ! '' However , on the other side of the story , the Minnesota Vikings players , Head Coach , and General Manager consistently share words of support for you in public interviews , and they reiterate their gleeful anticipation of having you back on the field as a Minnesota Viking .
As players , when it comes to the business of the game , most of us proclaim to never `` count other players ' money ! '' In other words , we all recognize the volatility of an NFL career , so ...
Read the rest of Tim Watson 's open letter to Adrian Peterson here :
https : //timwatson.sportsblog.com
Readers of this blog are already aware that their vaginas are at their best when they are on the acidic side . Vaginal flora is healthy , bacterial overgrowth is at a minimum , and any foreign bodies that want to pass through are firmly discouraged . Semen and douching can increase pH , douching especially so since the liquid used to douche not only has a relatively high pH but flushes out normal , good bacteria .
If there are substances that increase vaginal pH , might other substances decrease vaginal pH and thus encourage the growth of normal flora ?
RepHresh thinks so . RepHresh is a company that makes pH-balancing gels and cleansers for your ladyparts . Recently , they started carrying a new product , RepHresh Brilliant , which is a pH-balancing tampon ( hat tip to my undergraduate Sophia Bodnar for being the first to tell me about it ) . They claim that menses increases pH , and thus a tampon that decreases pH will keep bacterial overgrowth in check . The RepHresh Brilliant tampon contains strips of material that slowly release lactic acid and citric acid as they are saturated with menstrual fluid .
It certainly sounds like a good idea . Women in industrial and post-industrial environments menstruate far more often than we probably did under ancestral conditions , due in part to an energy surfeit ( you know , eating too much chocolate while sitting at a desk , which is exactly what I was doing while drafting this post ) and in part due to modern reproductive decisions ( you do n't menstruate so much if you 're pregnant or breastfeeding all the time ) ( Strassmann 1997 ) . So about 400 times in our lives , for several days at a time , we have a higher pH ( somewhere between a 5.3-6.6 depending on the day according to Wagner and Ottesen 1982 ) than is ideal for housing beneficial vaginal flora .
But I want to know if this fancy tampon works . 1 ) Does it reduce pH , 2 ) does it do so without side effects , and 3 ) does it have an effect on vaginal flora ?
Tl ; dr version:1 ) yes , 2 ) probably , and 3 ) not sure .
RepHresh 's own research on the topic
A single paper tests the efficacy and safety of the RepHresh Brilliant tampon , and you can find a copy on the RepHresh site ( Brzezinski et al . 2004 ) . The authors found that participants who used the test-tampon ( the one with strips that release lactic and citric acid ) did not have significantly higher vaginal pH during menses ( p = 0.0518 ) , while participants who used a regular tampon did ( p = 0.0011 ) . Saying that first result is n't statistically significant is adhering to the 0.05 alpha without honoring the spirit of the 0.05 alpha – it is not statistically significant but in a way that makes one question the meaning of statistical significance . ( If you are new to statistics , usually a p-value that falls below 0.05 is considered significant , so a p-value of 0.0518 is pretty darn close , and in fact most people would drop those last two places and round to the hundredth , rendering that analysis p = 0.05 , or statistically significant . ) All that said , the difference between groups in intra-menstrual pH is statistically significant ( p = 0.0025 ) . And lowering menstrual pH by 0.5 is n't bad .
Further , according to Brzezinski et al ( 2004 ) , no participants complained of vaginal irritation , which would be my big worry about an acid-producing tampon . And no participants in either group had abnormal vaginal flora during the study .
So , yay ! Acid-increasing tampons for everyone ! Kinda .
Nits to pick
First , the authors of this study did not use the gold standard method for assessing vaginal irritation or endothelial disruption , which is a colposcopy , or visual assessment of the vaginal tissue . Instead , the authors relied on self-report . Minor issues , or ones that could develop with repeated use over many cycles , would be caught in a longitudinal study that used this method . But this study only assessed side effects and pH reduction in a single cycle . And as far as I can tell , it is the only published study on the topic .
The second issue to consider is that all twenty eight participants had normal vaginal flora . The coincidence of all participants being perfectly healthy makes me wonder if a small sample size caught an abnormal number of normal women , or if they needed more rigorous testing of the bacterial swabs . But the study authors provide no detail about how they determined this or whether they assessed absolute and relative quantities of different bacteria that comprise normal flora . So , the normal flora in every single subject could just be that all twenty eight women were very healthy , but in every other study I read in preparing for this post , there were always a significant minority of participants who had or developed abnormal flora . I just wish the authors had provided more detail here .
Finally , this research was funded by Rostam Ltd Israel , a corporation that makes tampons . I did a little digging to try and figure out the relationship between Rostam and RepHresh . Rostam was bought by Albaad Massuot Yitzhak Ltd in 2010 . Yet RepHresh has an article about the Rostam Ela tampon in the Wall Street Journal on the website from 2004 . So my best guess ( and someone with more business savvy than me could probably figure this out ) is that RepHresh bought the Ela tampon from Rostam some time between 2004 and 2010 , and is now marketing it as RepHresh Brilliant . Either way , part of the funding for the research was from a corporation invested in seeing the tampon gain FDA approval in the US . The 2004 article that RepHresh has on its site ( scroll to the “ Articles ” and click the link for the pdf ) explains that the testing for this tampon was simply to demonstrate it is as safe as effective as any regular tampon , since it is being categorized as a medical device .
I 'm not worried about the lactic acid , since that is a product of Lactobacilli , which is not only present in normal vaginal flora but particularly good for the ladyparts ( McLean and Rosenstein 2000 ; Onderdonk et al . 1986 ; Valore et al . 2002 ) . But I am worried about the citric acid , since it produces moderate irritation and damage to the epithelium , and increases permeability and absorption rates when used to enhance drug delivery ( Richardson et al . 1989 ) . Maybe it 's should n't be concerning in the particular way it is released in the RepHresh Brilliant tampon . I honestly do n't know .
I certainly am happy to see a company taking a woman 's actual vaginal pH into account in the making of their products . Give the tampon a try if you are so inclined , and let me know how it goes . I think I 'm going to just let my vagina regulate itself , since vaginal flora repopulates naturally and quickly after menses on its own ( Keane et al . 1997 ; Onderdonk et al . 1986 ; Wagner and Ottesen 1982 ) .
References
Brzezinski A , Stern T , Arbel R , Rahav G , and Benita S. 2004 . Efficacy of a novel pH-buffering tampon in preserving the acidic vaginal pH during menstruation . International Journal of Gynecology and Obstetrics 85 ( 3 ) :298-300 .
Keane F , Ison C , and Taylor-Robinson D. 1997 . A longitudinal study of the vaginal flora over a menstrual cycle . International Journal of STD and AIDS 8 ( 8 ) :489-494 .
McLean N , and Rosenstein I . 2000 . Characterisation and selection of a Lactobacillus species to re-colonise the vagina of women with recurrent bacterial vaginosis . J Med Microbiol 49:543-552 .
Onderdonk A , Zamarchi G , Walsh J , Mellor R , Munoz A , and Kass E. 1986 . Methods for quantitative and qualitative evaluation of vaginal microflora during menstruation . Applied and Environmental Microbiology 51 ( 2 ) :333-339 .
Richardson JL , Minhas PS , Thomas NW , and Illum L. 1989 . Vaginal administration of gentamicin to rats . Pharmaceutical and morphological studies using absorption enhancers . International Journal of Pharmaceutics 56 ( 1 ) :29-35 .
Strassmann BI . 1997 . The biology of menstruation in Homo sapiens : Total lifetime menses , fecundity , and nonsynchrony in a natural-fertility population . Current Anthropology 38 ( 1 ) :123-129 .
Valore E , Park C , Igreti S , and Ganz T. 2002 . Antimicrobial components of vaginal fluid . Am J Obstet Gynecol 187:561-568 .
Wagner G , and Ottesen B . 1982 . Vaginal physiology during menstruation . Annals of Internal Medicine 96 ( Part 2 ) :921-923 .
The Australian tasted success in the Gran Premio A-Style de Aragón on Sunday ahead of Dani Pedrosa , as Nicky Hayden scored their first podium of the campaign after edging a fine battle with Jorge Lorenzo for third .
Casey Stoner took their first victory of the 2010 campaign at Aragón on Sunday , converting their pole position at the Spanish circuit into a well-deserved win . The Ducati Team rider finished 5.148s ahead of Dani Pedrosa , with Nicky Hayden completing the podium for their first top-three result of the year after a magnificent last-lap overtake on Jorge Lorenzo .
Starting from pole Stoner held their position going into the first turn , but usual rapid starter Pedrosa dropped to fifth as the riders bunched up in the tight opening curve . The Repsol Honda rider fought back in the early stages of the race however to climb to second behind Stoner , and the gap between the two fluctuated throughout .
The pair were consistently fast for the duration of the race but Stoner managed to pull away towards the end as they achieved what was eventually a comfortable 25 points , with Pedrosa maintaining their good form in second .
There were battles all the way through the field and none more entertaining than that between Hayden and Championship leader Lorenzo for the final podium spot . A fearless overtake on Lorenzo by Hayden on the final lap delivered the American the honours , and ended the Fiat Yamaha rider 's record of having placed on the rostrum at every race so far this season .
Ben Spies ( Monster Yamaha Tech 3 ) notched another impressive result with fifth place as they resisted the challenge of Andrea Dovizioso ( Repsol Honda ) , who crashed out on the final lap whilst pushing hard in their contest .
Valentino Rossi ( Fiat Yamaha ) rounded off a tough weekend in sixth place , whilst rookies Marco Simoncelli ( San Carlo Honda Gresini ) and Álvaro Bautista ( Rizla Suzuki ) completed the top eight with solid displays . Marco Melandri ( San Carlo Honda Gresini ) and Aleix Espargaró ( Pramac Racing ) took top-ten finishes , whilst Randy de Puniet ( LCR Honda ) escaped injury when they crashed out on lap 16 .
Lorenzo 's advantage at the top of the Championship was cut to 56 points and they now stands on 284 points , with Pedrosa on 228 in second . Stoner 's victory lifts them to third on 155 , with Rossi staying fourth and Dovizioso dropping to fifth .
We 're now learning , thanks to the Facebook Files and the campaign 's ability to connect with and inflame its racist , anti-immigrant base , that the accelerant was Facebook itself . Facebook 's internal rulebook could be considered the Trump campaign 's blueprint for its highly successful ad strategy 's race-fueled messaging on the social network .
`` Donald Trump is our first Facebook president , '' concludes The New York Review of Books , after spending considerable time with Prototype Politics : Technology-Intensive Campaigning and the Data of Democracy by Daniel Kreiss and Hacking the Electorate : How Campaigns Perceive Voters by Eitan D. Hersh .
`` His team figured out how to use all the marketing tools of Facebook , '' NYRB wrote . `` They understood that some numbers matter more than others—in this case the number of angry , largely rural , disenfranchised potential Trump voters—and that Facebook , especially , offered effective methods for pursuing and capturing them . ''
Indeed it did , because Facebook 's own rules around speech and censorship appear to make the social media site a safe space for racists and terrorists in equal measure . We knew it was n't a safe place for LGBT populations , vulnerable teens and certainly not for domestic violence victims or women who talk about human sexuality .
But until the publication of the Facebook Files by The Guardian this week did we have a firm grasp on the inverse question : Just who is Facebook safe for , anyway ?
A clean , well-lit place for racists
Racists , revenge porn perpetrators , Holocaust deniers and people who think immigrants are filth : One look at the company 's rulebook on content moderation reveals these upstanding members of Facebook 's community get a free pass on cultivating hate . As long as they do n't run afoul of a very slim , arguably subjective set of edge case rules , that is .
Holocaust denial is a particular piece of `` free expression '' that Facebook is keen to defend -- to the point of only enforcing its takedown in countries it thinks it might get sued in . The Guardian explains a Facebook training manual states it only hides or removes Holocaust denial content in four countries ( France , Germany , Israel and Austria ) .
The manual says , `` Some 14 countries have legislation on their books prohibiting the expression of claims that the volume of death and severity of the Holocaust is overestimated . Less than half the countries with these laws actually pursue it . We block on report only in those countries that actively pursue the issue with us . ''
When reached for comment , Facebook told us , `` We currently prevent access to Holocaust denial content in the following countries : Italy , Spain , Netherlands , Belgium , France , Germany , Israel and Austria . We keep our policies under continual review and our policy and legal teams are currently looking at our obligations in respect of Holocaust denial . ''
The company 's head of global policy management , Monika Bickert , added , `` We recognize the importance and the sensitivities around the issue of Holocaust denial and have made sure that our reviewers are trained to be respectful of that sensitivity . ''
While it 's not quite a `` we 're sorry you feel that way , '' we only hope that Facebook understands that Holocaust denial is less like a nut allergy and more like ignoring the facts of genocide for the express purpose of harm .
Bad press about this would be the only way to get Facebook to pretend to behave responsibly about this , but it 's a loss out of the starting gate for a company that clearly does n't get what 's wrong with this in the first place .
And something is very deeply wrong here , on a company-culture level , for this to even be happening in the first place . Should Facebook respond to the bad press about its support of Holocaust denial under the flimsy rhetoric of `` free speech , '' it will just be a target-specific response . Meaning , they 'll fix one thing , while the bigger problems remain .
Those problems being its inability to grasp why it is such an excellent incubator for hate , and its willingness to fix things only after we 're all totally fucked .
Fertile ground for Trump voters
The Guardian 's Facebook Files are an abridged version of the company 's content moderation policies , and they reveal an obvious forgiveness for the cultivation of hatred against immigrants , and thus , people of color . While Facebook is lightning fast to censor a gay man 's post saying Trump supporters are `` a nasty , fascistic lot , '' anyone characterizes immigrants as rapists or robbers gets a free pass ( as long as they 're not `` equating '' them with rapists or robbers ) .
Facebook 's permissible statements include : `` Islam is a religion of hate . Close the borders to immigrating Muslims until we figure out what the hell is going on '' ; `` migrants are so filthy '' ; `` migrants are thieves and robbers '' ; and `` Mexican immigrants are freeloaders mooching off of tax dollars we do n't even have . '' These are all statements in Facebook 's rulebook marked as `` ignore '' when reported .
In the documents we learn that `` All terrorists are Muslims '' is okay to say on Facebook , but not `` All Muslims are terrorists . '' The Guardian explains that this is because `` terrorists are not a protected category , whereas Muslims are – which is why the first remark can be ignored and the second should be deleted if flagged . ''
Oh , okay . Because the people saying these things will totally get the difference , as they have all been educated about the way Facebook interprets the meanings of these things . In fact , the people saying these things wo n't see any difference by their very nature . According to the Southern Poverty Law Center , people who are swayed by the rhetoric of hate groups have two primary characteristics : They seek community and have a `` low tolerance for ambiguity . '' Meaning , Facebook can split hairs all day on the subject of their sentences because for the behaviors of cultivating hate , it 's all about the general context . Racists literally do n't care about `` grey areas . ''
In a way it does n't matter anyway because Facebook 's documents end in a shrug when it comes to things that are difficult to decide -- the default is always to leave it up . Moderators only have around ten seconds to make that decision anyway .
Facebook 's Bickert told Engadget : `` Keeping people on Facebook safe is the most important thing we do . We work hard to make Facebook as safe as possible while enabling free speech . This requires a lot of thought into detailed and often difficult questions , and getting it right is something we take very seriously . ''
For its part , Facebook told us , `` Mark Zuckerberg recently announced that over the next year , we 'll be adding 3,000 people to our community operations team around the world — on top of the 4,500 we have today — to review the millions of reports we get every week , and improve the process for doing it quickly . ''
Facebook 's moderation rules appear to have been created backward : They quibble over the company 's beliefs about protected groups , while failing to grasp the bigger picture about what kind of environment is created by these kinds of misguided , made-in-a-bubble rules .
Rather than focus on creating a large collection of safe communities , the rules seem formed to fold in preexisting xenophobias and racism and give them Facebook 's tools to thrive ; one might call it `` a clean , well-lit place for fascism . '' Meaning , the moderation rulemakers either really do n't understand how hate groups form and grow , or they 're fine with whatever as long as there 's no bad press and everyone remains an active user . Got ta chase those ad dollars , yo .
Facebook has become a hate-group incubator ; the company ca n't even wrap its head around the problem of fake news enough to prevent its own program to fight fake news from failing -- which it is . Not surprisingly , fake news is weighted by neo-Nazi , pro-Trump propaganda , though Facebook wo n't quite admit that key piece of information that could stop its spread . Instead , Facebook 's weak excuse of a program to mark fake news as `` disputed '' is being seized upon and promoted , shared widely ( wider than it likely would 've ) by alt-righties who marshal their sizable Facebook troops and disseminate it with cries of `` censorship ! ''
A lot of noise was made in the press after the election about the Trump campaign 's use of Cambridge Analytica and the way the skeezy data company exploited Facebook users ( in addition to the 30 million Facebook users exploited for Trump by an unnamed data mining company ) . But The New York Review of Books tells us that Facebook was already packed with people ready to vote for Trump , and `` Facebook 's real influence came from the campaign 's strategic and perfectly legal use of Facebook 's suite of marketing tools . ''
Brad Parscale was the genius who put together Trump 's Facebook outreach strategy . `` A few weeks before the election , '' NYRB wrote , `` he said they had a hunch from reading Breitbart , Reddit , Facebook , and other nontraditional news sources , and from the campaign 's own surveys , that there were whole segments of the population -- people who were angry and disaffected -- that were being missed by traditional pollsters and the mainstream media . ''
And so they went to work during the primaries , purchasing $ 2 million in Facebook ads -- eventually ramping that up to $ 70 million a month , with most of it in Facebook ads . The New York Review of Books quotes Trump digital team member Gary Coby telling WIRED that , `` On any given day ... the campaign was running 40,000 to 50,000 variants of its ads ... On the day of the third presidential debate in October , the team ran 175,000 variations . ''
NYRB detailed :
`` He then uploaded all known Trump supporters into the Facebook advertising platform and , using a Facebook tool called Custom Audiences from Customer Lists , matched actual supporters with their virtual doppelgangers and then , using another Facebook tool , parsed them by race , ethnicity , gender , location , and other identities and affinities . From there they used Facebook 's Lookalike Audiences tool to find people with interests and qualities similar to those of their original cohort and developed ads based on those characteristics , which they tested using Facebook 's Brand Lift surveys . ''
Unlike the Democrats , NYRB diagrams how Trump 's team figured out how to use Facebook `` to successfully sell a candidate that the majority of Americans did not want . '' They used Facebook 's own tools , refined at targeting those most vulnerable to suggestion , to influence those ripening under Facebook 's own rules that coddle Holocaust denial , and anti-immigrant , and anti-Muslim sentiment . This could be plainly seen in Trump 's Facebook ads .
As NYRB explains , Trump 's campaign `` understood that some numbers matter more than others—in this case the number of angry , largely rural , disenfranchised potential Trump voters—and that Facebook , especially , offered effective methods for pursuing and capturing them . ''
There was a joke after the election that Facebook 's motto `` Move fast and break things '' was better spoken as `` Move fast and break democracy . '' But this is bigger than that .
In the United States , racist speech is considered free speech because it is opinion . Also in the US , hate groups are not illegal , but they are kept in check by a system of federal laws that monitor against hate crimes . Now , imagine that Uber has evolved to be allowed to determine what can and can not be encouraged regarding communities dedicated to sexual harassment and abuse , and you can see why this might not work .
Facebook is not a country , yet it is assigning and removing rights about censorship and speech . It is not a civil rights organization , yet it decides that immigrants do n't have protected status within its walls .
It 's a company . One that is creating censorship tools so it can do business in China . It is a behemoth that complies with censorship demands from the governments of Thailand , Turkey , India , Israel , Pakistan and Vietnam .
It 's also a company to which there is no alternative .
IN JULY 1992 , Simon Kuper left England on a ferry . In their rucksack , there was a typewriter , traveller 's cheques and not much else . They had been given an advance of £3500 and would spend the next nine months travelling the world , desperately trying to cobble together something resembling the pitch he 'd sold to their publishers .
I was 22 and I remember thinking , ‘ Jesus , you 've taken on too much ' . It was a crazily over-ambitious idea for a book . I had the idea a couple of years previously . It was based on a BBC documentary about Celtic/Rangers games and the increased tension in Northern Ireland . I had seen the Holland reaction to beating Germany in 1988 which was all about World War II so I had a few stories . ”
“ I had grown up playing football in Holland and I saw when I came to England that it was almost like a different sport . I was a midfielder and in England I never got the ball – it was always going over my head . And I would think ‘ How did it get so different ' . So there were elements like that to it as well and I thought ‘ There 's a book there ' . ”
Kuper had some journalistic experience but not much . Occasionally they wrote about Dutch football for World Soccer magazine . Some doors opened up when they won a travel-writing competition in The Independent . On the back of that , they sold the idea for what eventually became Football Against The Enemy . The book would focus on the politics and cultures of various countries , and how football fitted in .
But there was a constant worry and anxiety . In the days before Trip Advisor , Kuper relied on guide books to get around . But for some cities , information was scarce . Their father , an anthropologist , had contacts – people that had travelled throughout Europe and beyond . They passed on contact details of friends . Sometimes , it was all Kuper had to go on .
“ Through my Dad , I was in this network of anthropologists so I 'd often arrive in a city with two or three phone numbers that somebody who had been in Estonia , for example , had given me . So I 'd stand in a phonebox and call these strangers , not speaking any Estonian or very little Spanish , and a voice on the other end would say ‘ Oh , no – he 's dead ' or ‘ He does n't live here anymore ' . So often , just getting an interview was an immense achievement . ”
Now , any football writer will spend weeks and months attempting to speak with any club employee – player or otherwise . Kuper , in their early twenties , staying in youth hostels and spending days on trains getting to their next destination , had little in the way of credentials . They seemed out of place .
I had a letter from World Soccer , because I was writing about Dutch football for them . But I remember I went to this club in Hungary and they were playing a Uefa Cup match and I had gone to the General Manager with my letter and they said ‘ You do n't look like a journalist ' . A couple of people said that to me – they were very surprised because I looked like a student . I dressed like a student . I had this one jacket that was getting shabbier and shabbier . And people in football dress-up so I looked like a student journalist . ”
Still , Kuper broke bread with many influential football figures . One memorable and genuinely heart-warming chapter sees them take a night train from Rome to Venice because of a pending appointment with Helenio Herrera – the iconic manager of Barcelona and Inter Milan ( with whom they won back-to-back European Cups in the mid-60s ) . They speak about the intricacies of the game for hours before Kuper accompanies Herrera to their dentist – the legendary personality clutching the young journalist by the arm as they make their way through the streets .
Kuper spent an afternoon with the legendary Helenio Herrera and has never forgotten the family 's kindness . Source : Tophams/Topham Picturepoint/Press Association Images
Despite their inexperience , Kuper was treated with kindness and respect by the vast majority of the characters that crop up in the book .
“ I have a friend – Kate , a girl I was at university with . The Herreras had gone on holiday to Leeds and had done a house swap there for a couple of years in the '70s – God knows why . Kate was a little girl in Leeds at the time and the Herreras had two children and they became friendly with them . So when I was doing the book , they said ‘ I know this football manager – Helenio Herrera . Have you ever heard of him ? ' So I replied ‘ As a matter of fact… ' So they arranged that interview for me . They saw me as a kind of friend of the family and were incredibly kind to me . Mrs Herrera , Helenio 's wife , invited me to stay in their flat . ”
Inevitably though , the goodwill was n't shared by everyone . Stepping off a plane in Cameroon , Kuper had their traveller 's cheques stolen by the baggage handlers .
I went to the British Embassy and a woman there left a message for my parents along the lines of ‘ I 'm calling from the British Embassy in Cameroon , can you call me back ? ' So my parents thought I 'd been killed , obviously . ”
While in the country , they attended a national team training session and spotted a familiar face : Roger Milla – the cult hero of the 1990 World Cup . Desperate for content , they nervously approached the then-superstar .
A terrified Kuper could barely look at Roger Milla when they interviewed them for Football Against The Enemy . Source : Peter Robinson/EMPICS Sport
“ I was just terrified . I had paid something like 500 quid to come to Cameroon . I had to do a book that was okay . I could n't see someone like Roger Milla and not ask them for an interview . So I went up to them and said , in bad French , ‘ Can I interview you ? ' And they said ‘ Sure , be here at the same time tomorrow ' . I showed up and went to find a guy who could translate for me because my French was n't good enough . Milla 's there and we get the interview . I 'm really surprised . I was very scared and I hardly dared look at him . As we 're chatting , I 'm thinking ‘ This is a page , now I 've got another page ' because I felt the book had to be about 200 pages . ”
In September 1993 , Kuper was back in their parents ' house and printing off the manuscript . They were finished with football . It had taken over their life for fourteen months and they were ready to move on and concentrate on important matters , like economics . Then , the reviews began to roll in .
The Sunday Times read it and said ‘ This is a really poor book ' . At the time it was a very influential newspaper and a lot of my friends read it so I was crushed . Then , mostly , the reviews were positive . I did n't have any enemies . I had n't been built up so people were nice . The publishers were talking of doing the paperback version and at that point I thought ‘ Well , it has n't failed , it was okay ' and that was my goal . ”
Then , in late 1994 , everything changed . Football Against The Enemy was nominated for the William Hill Sports Book of the Year award .
“ I was at the world 's worst journalism training course in Hastings and I 'd already bunked off a couple of days . I said to them ‘ My book 's been nominated for this award . Can I have a day-off to go to London ? ' and they grudgingly let me go . Matthew Engel , who has since become a colleague at the Financial Times , was the chief judge . They gave their little talk and said ‘ The winning book is fresh and young ' . And I thought ‘ That 's what people have been saying about my book . Jesus Christ , he 's going to give it to me ' ! And they announced it . I went up and shook their hand and I said ‘ It could n't have happened to a poorer man ' . I had never had any money . Suddenly I had £3500 . ”
Nick Hornby had a positive effect on Kuper 's literary career and championed Football Against The Enemy from the very start . Source : Lilli Strauss/AP/Press Association Images
Afterwards , Kuper socialised with some heavyweights in a Cambridge pub – sportswriter Hugh McIlvanney , who had been on the judging panel , and Nick Hornby , whose Fever Pitch had won the award two years before . That book , along with Pete Davies ' superb All Played Out , had captured the zeitgeist . Suddenly , there were intelligent , thought-provoking books about football .
The next day back at Hastings , a call gets put through to me . And that had never happened before . It was a Dutch publisher saying ‘ Mr Nick Hornby called us and they said we should publish your book in Dutch so we want to make you an offer for the Dutch rights ' . And that was really good of Hornby . They did n't have to do that . ”
“ And the week before Christmas , it all suddenly took off and went crazy . There were n't any other football books so you bought Fever Pitch , All Played Out and Football Against The Enemy because there was n't much else in that sort of vein . We were at the start of the wave but neither Nick Hornby nor I created it . Really , Pete Davies was John the Baptist to Hornby 's Jesus , as John Gaustad , the founder of Sports Pages Bookshop told me . ”
The book changed things . They started in the Financial Times in January 1995 but led a double-life . Other publications paid them handsomely to write about football . In their first few years at the FT , they made more from freelance football writing than from their day job . But despite Football Against the Enemy having been a game-changer for him , Kuper remains disappointed with it .
“ My thinking , when I re-read it about eight or nine years ago , was that it 's not very well executed – it 's messy . Do I think it 's a great book ? No . I think it 's a great idea . I would 've executed it more professionally now but I would n't do that journey in the same way with a rucksack and all of that . I like to sleep in a hotel , in a proper bed . I 'd meet people in cafes so it would n't have the colour that it has . It 's uneven . It was n't a great book but it was an original book . I get more response to Soccernomics now . This is a bit more cult . ”
But Kuper smiles for much of our chat . They enjoy the reminiscing and the memories and the nostalgia . Though the melancholy remains too .
“ I 've got a folder with old train tickets and old notebooks and accreditation from the Brazil versus Argentina game . But it was n't a good time . I was lonely and homesick , I had bitten off more than I could chew . I was doing a book I was n't equipped to write . I was not an experienced writer . I was in countries I did n't understand . I was n't in control and that 's stressful . ”
“ It 's a book of discovery , not of certainty . ”
Hello everyone ! It 's been a while since I discussed Goat Format , and I 've got a few more ideas to explore .
One of the things that Goat Format is celebrated for is the impact of careful deckbuilding . Unlike today , where archetypes have an obvious playstyle , the lack of developed archetypes in 2005 meant that it was n't so clear what cards complimented one another . The best players were the ones who had an encompassing knowledge of the card pool and considered theory while designing decklists . Although cookie-cutter decks and netdecking existed–and still exist in the Goat Format community today–the player 's style and creativity were often expressed not by the ~35 good cards that their list shared with their peers , but by the five or six cards that were different . It may not seem like much , but these small differences can drastically affect the game once the match starts .
This article will be less about single card techs , and more about a category of card : recruiters . Recruiters are monsters that fetch a defined type of monster when they are destroyed by battle . While not embraced by every 2005 competitor , a glance at the top decklists of the time reveals that many players turned to these as a way to fill out their decks ' four or five open slots with versatile cards that searched important pieces , maintained field presence , and allowed them to turbo through the deck . If you find your build 's consistency lacking , you may choose to implement a recruiter strategy instead of a collection of one-off tech cards .
Recruiter Strategies
Mystic Tomato
Ah , the card with one of the worst localized arts in all of Yu-Gi-Oh ! Seriously , WTF Konami , the TCG art looks terrible . Why is a tomato Jack-o-Lantern such an offensive thing ?
One of the most common recruiters in Goat Format , Mystic Tomato brings a lot to the table : a respectable 1400 ATK stat , an essential DARK typing , and an impressive roster of monsters to summon . Mystic Tomato can search the following common cards , providing utility such as…
The monster most commonly searched by the Tomato , though , is Sangan . This ensures that the Tomato was not destroyed for naught , as it will net you a search should your opponent decide to continue their offense , leaving you with at least a +0 . We all know how good Sangan is , searching out important cards like D.D . Warrior Lady , Magician of Faith , Tsukuyomi , and the mighty Sinister Serpent , so being able to turbo into the Limited critter is useful . It is also likely , but not assured , that your opponent will not be too keen on granting you a Sangan search , and they will bring their Battle Phase to an end .
This theme of turboing through the deck to get to your best cards is also apparent when you consider summoning Apprentice Magician off of Tomato . Using one recruiter to get to another is a strategy we will be referring to a few times in this piece , because it increases the variety of monster that each recruiter , limited by its own Type or Attribute restrictions , can summon , as well as thinning the deck considerably . In this case , you can block two of your opponent 's attacks ( although , to be fair , you 'll probably take a grip of damage from an attack into Apprentice ) and will end on a facedown Magician of Faith , ready to retrieve a power Spell from the Graveyard for you . Goat Format matches are not known for large fields of 2+ monsters , so it is likely that your Faith will survive the turn and serve as Tribute Summon or Metamorphosis fodder after its Flip Summon on the following turn . Excellent value !
Pyramid Turtle
This card is one of the most powerful recruiters on this list , and an absolute staple in Zombie-centric builds . Pyramid Turtle differs from the original , Attribute-locked recruiters in a few significant ways : first , it can summon the monster in any position , instead of just face-up Attack Position , and second , it summons Zombie monsters with 2000 DEF or less , rather than 1500 ATK or less . This allows it to summon strong monsters like Vampire Lord ( 2000 ATK ) and Ryu Kokki ( 2400 ATK ) . Rather than summoning puny monsters with good effects like Mystic Tomato and their pals , Pyramid Turtle summons one of the most powerful monsters in the game for the time and a massive beatstick that eats Warriors and Spellcasters for breakfast . The fact that it can summon the monster it recruits in Defense Mode means that it can summon multiple copies of itself to block attacks and deck thin and its controller wo n't take any damage .
Besides itself , Vampire Lord , and Ryu Kokki , Pyramid Turtle can summon Spirit Reaper to provide a wall , or to go on the offensive and rip cards out of the opponent 's hand . Spirit Reaper is a very good card with a pitiful attack stat , so being able to summon it in Defense Mode is definitely relevant , saving you a lot of battle damage until you have a board clear for your opponent .
The pool of relevant cards that Pyramid Turtle can summon is small , no doubt , but the cards it can summon are tempo plays that the opponent may not be equipped to deal with . Some topping Goat Format builds , like Jae Kim 's Shonen Jump Championship Charlotte second place decklist , illustrated this perfectly , ditching the most common Chaos variant for a recruiter-focused build with an eight-card Zombie core : 2 Turtle , 2 Vampire Lords , 2 Spirit Reaper , 2 Books of Life . The build thrived on its ability to maintain field presence and summon very strong monsters early and often , putting tremendous pressure on the opponent . There are n't a lot of ways to “ cheat ” big guys onto the field in Goat Format , so a card like Turtle that provides this service is definitely notable .
Giant Rat
Picking back up on the theme of “ recruiters recruiting recruiters , ” Giant Rat is a card most useful for recruiting Pyramid Turtle , which then can summon a big Zombie for the opponent to deal with . That 's not all it 's good for , though . Like Mystic Tomato , Giant Rat has a decent Attack stat of 1400 , which is n't an insignificant poke of damage . The pool of monsters it can summon is interesting , too :
With the exception of Exiled Force , most of these are typically side-deck cards , but that 's a good point to consider : how great is it to have a searchable side deck card ? Granted , Goat Format tournaments these days are rare , and ones with siding even rarer , but Giant Rat 's ability to summon counters to many strategies , straight from deck , is very useful . If you go for a Zombie build , instead of maxing out on Pyramid Turtles , consider a copy or two of Giant Rat . Not only will they get you to the Turtle anyway , but they will be able to help you dig for one-off tech cards and the Limited Exiled Force , too .
Apprentice Magician
Apprentice Magician is the common recruiter with the most limited pool of relevant monsters to summon , but one of those is a real doozy : Magician of Faith . Faith is a key piece of the format , a staple in every deck . Goat Format is partially defined by the presence of some of the most powerful Spell cards ever : Pot of Greed Snatch Steal , and Heavy Storm . The ability to re-use these gamechanging cards is insanely strong , so the ability to summon the best Flip Effect monster in the game quickly is remarkable . This effect would be useless if Apprentice Magician was like Shining Angel , though , summoning the monster in face-up Attack Position . No , it was the first recruiter to summon in face-down Defense Position , where Flip Effects are primed and ready to go off .
Besides Faith , you can use Apprentice to bring out Old Vindictive Magician , basically a Spellcaster-Type Man-Eater Bug . Monster removal is a useful ability in Goat Format , and while Oldie is a slower than Exiled Force and the D.D.s and weaker than power traps like Mirror Force and Torrential Tribute , some players might still find its effect and DARK Attribute to be worth a slot .
There is one more notable monster that Apprentice can summon : Hand of Nephthys . An easy way to summon the massive Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys , this little dude is only useful in builds centered around that card . Summoning a Level 7 monster with an effect like Phoenix 's from deck is nothing to scoff at , but those builds were n't terribly popular then and are n't terribly popular now . Apprentice is definitely a staple in Sacred Phoenix decks , though .
Besides recruiting , Apprentice Magician possesses another effect worth mentioning . When it is summoned , you can place a Spell Counter on a card on the field . While Spell Counters have never been much of a mechanic , and certainly were n't in 2005 , there is one notable card in the format that uses them : Breaker the Magical Warrior . When running Apprentice , you have the option of refreshing a used Breaker , boosting their attack by 300 and giving them another Spell/Trap pop . This…wo n't usually come up , but it was worth mentioning !
Creature Swap
This card is not a recruiter monster , obviously , but it does synergize well with the cards so I thought we could explore it for a moment . All of the recruiters mentioned ( except for Apprentice Magician at the time , for some weird reason ) do n't have to be destroyed on your side of the field to summon a monster from deck . Using Creature Swap , you can exchange your weak recruiter for one of your opponent 's best monsters , then smack into it and summon one of your own cards from deck . This definitely provides extra value , and can turn an opponent 's winning position into a losing one quickly .
The main thing you have to watch out for is Scapegoat . This card screws Creature Swap hard . The monsters that are swapped are chosen at resolution , so the opponent can chain Scapegoat and give you a pathetic Goat Token instead of the monster you wanted . Be conscious , and make a read : do they have Scapegoated set ? If so , hold onto your Creature Swap play until there is no possibility you will be “ gifted ” a Goat Token .
Creature Swap saw use in almost every recruiter-focused build back then , and if you should choose to add one of more of these monsters to your Goat Format deck , consider it as a tech .
Conclusion
2
That 's it for today ! Recruiter monsters popped up in several notable builds back in 2005 because of their versatility and ability to help you maintain field presence , not to mention their ability to thin your deck and find your strongest cards quickly , and they have the same relevance in Goat Format as it 's played today .
Governor Chris Christie complained volubly last night about media coverage suggesting their speech — which focused heavily on conservative principles and more lightly on Mitt — reflected a lack of enthusiasm for the GOP nominee .
Christie spoke at a private dinner in Tampa hosted by the hedge fund executive Paul Singer , one of the top donors to Republican causes . One source at the event described them as `` defensive '' as they lashed out at critics of their speech .
`` He was frustrated by the interpretation that they had not made te case for Romney , that people interpreted it that they did n't make the case for Romney , '' said another person at the event , who was more sympathetic to Christie .
`` I would not say they were defensive so much as genuinely appalled by the interpretation of the speech as insufficiently pro-Romney , '' they said .
Christie , in typical form , blasted their critics as `` idiots . ''
The New Jersey governor 's speech was a rare setback for what has been a charmed turn on the national stage , and their evening remarks sharpened earlier words at a delegation breakfast , where they said their speech was shaped by following the candidate 's wife 's .
`` It actually freed me up to put the choice into more general terms . It allowed me to be able to let Ann Romney talk about Mitt Romney the person . And I thought they did an extraordinary job last night , '' they said .
The article was written by Motek Moyen Research Seeking Alpha 's # 1 Writer on Long Ideas and # 2 in Technology – Senior Analyst at I Know First .
Amazon Stock Analysis
Terrific Q3 Earnings From Amazon Receive Terrific Thumbs-Up From Investors
Amazon 's posted terrific numbers in its latest earnings report .
The $ 25.4 billion net sales for Q3 2015 is 23 % Year-over-Year higher .
Q3 2015 EPS was also $ 0.17 , a great improvement of Q3 2014 's loss of - $ 0.95 .
AMZN 's price got terrific response from investors . After hours trading pushed AMZN beyond $ 600 .
Amazon 's ( AMZN ) surprise beat on revenue and EPS estimates last Thursday got a terrific response from investors during the after-hours sessions . Amazon 's momo-like valuation ( 818x P/E ) even got higher during after-hours sessions yesterday when investors gave AMZN a big thumbs-up by bidding the stock to close at $ 618.10 .
The 23 % Y-o-Y increase in 2 $ 25.4 billion net sales compared to last year 's Q3 2014 quarterly revenue shows Amazon 's original razor-thin-only-operating-margin business model continues to fuel its momentum . The after-hours trading chart below from CNN Money is a study in great contrast . Amazon , the original messiah of revenue-growth-before-profit-margins still has many faithful bulls .
( Source : CNN Money )
Why Amazon Matters
Many investors still love the almost-zero margin strategy of Amazon like there are many investors that also love the high-margin advertising-heavy business of Google ( GOOGL ) , and software-driven revenue stream of Microsoft ( MSFT ) . These three firms outstanding earnings reports yesterday greatly helped build up the bullish run-up of the stock market yesterday .
Bezos ' original vision two decades of offering the cheapest products through an online portal remains relevant and appreciated by majority of investors . America 's biggest fund managers and retail investors would not be giving AMZN such a high valuation if they no longer believe in this idea .
The future of Amazon therefore is for it to stay true to its original mission of providing people the most affordable way to shop for products . Let us not forget that the multi-trillion-dollar online shopping business is still a growth industry . Amazon 's willingness to sell online goods at razor-thin margins will continue to help it remain the go-to online portal for e-commerce .
The unabated shift toward online purchases by more people tells us that we could all expect Amazon 's rapidly-increasing revenue performance to continue for many years to come . Let us also not forget that Amazon 's revenue stream is not yet global-wide . Once Bezos starts offering the Amazon marketplace in more countries , the chart revenue chart below will just a pocket change to the potential revenue streams from an Amazon that sells goods to every customer in 150 countries .
The main attraction of Amazon as a leader in e-commerce is also its robust amount of loyal third-party partner vendors . Almost half of the total goods bought on Amazon 's e-commerce platform are sold by third-party vendors . This is again a show of force of that Amazon 's low-margin-policy-will-make-you-prosper mantra is supported by many online sellers .
My point is that the e-commerce player with the most amount of loyal third-party vendor teammates will eventually triumph . Many hedge fund managers keep Amazon at a momo stock-like valuation partly because of this fact that Amazon can retain the loyalty of its biggest third-party vendor partners .
Amazon 's amazon double-digit revenue growth for the past years would not have been made possible if third-party vendors abandoned it for eBay ( EBAY ) or other online marketplaces . The chart below again illustrates why Amazon 's low-margin-direct-online-selling helped it greatly outperformed eBay 's auction-focused business model in the last decade .
The chart above also just how investors pushed AMZN 's stock price above $ 600 while eBay 's stock largely remained stagnant for the last 10 years .
My Takeaway
Amazon 's recent breach of the $ 600 price level is just a terrific evidence that this two-decade old company will continue to enjoy a momo growth ticker valuation for the next succeeding years . Any investor who has AMZN in their portfolio should hold on to their shares . The next earnings report might again inspire Bezos ' loyal followers to push AMZN 's price higher .
It is my professional opinion that Amazon 's growth-first-before-profits will remain popular among the biggest investors who decide which stocks get to be the long-term darlings of the stock market . This Hold recommendation for AMZN is also in line with neutral the short-term forecast of I Know First .
I Know First is calling for a Buy for AMZN in the near-term scenario but it is warning the stock is unlike to improve on its current price level after 1-year period . As it shows in this past forecast of Tech Stocks the Algorithm predicted a correct 88 % return on Amazon .
As per my old Statistics professor , the basic tenet of predicting the future is always to refer to the past . Past performance said Amazon has never failed to deliver annual increases in revenue for the last 10 years . A increase in revenue always favor a bull run response for AMZN .
I understand market psychology is widely prevalent among stock market players . Right now I see Amazon still worth a Buy because of its favored darling status among investors and professional analysts . The sell-side community will be stupid to dare short AMZN when the most influential Wall Street Opinion makers are all screaming a Buy for AMZN right now .
( Source : TipRanks )
I therefore conclude that AMZN is a safe momo-stock to own . Not many investors are brave enough to short it .
WASHINGTON - Even though President-elect Donald Trump will nominate a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia next year , five justices on the high court still would very likely invalidate the two new abortion bans awaiting Gov . John Kasich 's signature , legal analysts say .
WASHINGTON � Even though President-elect Donald Trump will nominate a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia next year , five justices on the high court still would very likely invalidate the two new abortion bans awaiting Gov . John Kasich�s signature , legal analysts say .
With Justices Anthony Kennedy , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor , Elena Kagan and Stephen Breyer firmly committed to upholding a 1992 high court decision declaring that a state can not place an �undue burden� on a woman seeking an abortion , both Ohio laws would collide with that ruling , known as Planned Parenthood v. Casey .
The legislature approved a bill Tuesday that would prohibit abortions once a fetal heartbeat is detected , usually in the sixth week of a pregnancy . The second bill , approved late Thursday , would ban abortions after the 20th week of a pregnancy , replacing the state�s current 24-week ban .
�They both probably would be struck down , � said Susan Low Bloch , a professor of law at Georgetown University who served as a law clerk to the late Justice Thurgood Marshall . They predicted the so-called Heartbeat Bill would be thrown out as an undue burden �because some women don�t even realize they are pregnant after six weeks.�
Marc Spindelman , a professor of law at Ohio State University , said a majority on the high court continues to regard Casey as binding and would �still hold after Justice Scalia�s replacement� is nominated by Trump and confirmed by the Senate .
Kasich has yet to say whether they will sign either bill , neither of which has reached their desk . But federal courts overturned a six-week ban approved by North Dakota in 2013 and courts have invalidated bans on abortions after 20 weeks .
The Supreme Court in 1973 ruled in Roe v. Wade that a woman has a constitutional right to an abortion and government could prohibit abortions only in the third trimester of a pregnancy .
In a famous three-judge opinion in Casey in 1992 , Kennedy , and Justices Sandra Day O�Connor and David Souter not only upheld a woman�s right to an abortion guaranteed by Roe , but discarded the trimester scheme .
They substituted a new standard declaring a state could not place an undue burden on a woman�s right to an abortion and that states could not outlaw abortions until viability of the fetus , generally regarded as 23 to 24 weeks of a pregnancy , although some born earlier have survived .
�As with any medical procedure , the state may enact regulations to further the health or safety of a woman seeking an abortion , � O�Connor wrote . �Unnecessary health regulations that have the purpose or effect of presenting a substantial obstacle to a woman seeking an abortion impose an undue burden on the right.�
In 2007 when Kennedy wrote the majority opinion upholding a federal ban on late-term abortions officially known as intact dilation and extraction , they gave opponents of abortion rights some hope they were wavering on Roe and Casey . They wrote as long as �it does not impose an undue burden , the state may use its regulatory power to bar certain procedures and substitute others.�
But earlier this year , Kennedy joined a five-member majority to strike down a Texas law requiring physicians performing abortions to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals and insisted abortion clinics have hospital-like surgical standards . Writing for the majority , Justice Stephen Breyer concluded the law places a �substantial obstacle� in the path of a woman�s constitutional right to an abortion .
Ruth Colker , a professor of law at Ohio State University , said the six-week ban �is dead on arrival� before the Supreme Court , adding that �Kennedy seems pretty committed to abortion rights . ''
However , backers of the new abortion restrictions say by the time a challenge of Ohio�s law winds its way to the Supreme Court , Trump may have had a chance to appoint a couple of justices who oppose abortion rights and may at least accept the contention that fetuses can feel pain at 20 weeks and thus shouldn�t be aborted .
Jana Heigl of the Dispatch 's Washington bureau contributed to this story .
jtorry @ dispatch.com
@ jacktorry1
The Liars have been through more trauma than most people their age . As victims of multiple bullies/stalkers/killers , they 've lost loved ones , they 've feared for their lives , they 've been kidnapped , and they 've even had to do the unthinkable to stay alive . ( Translation : They 've killed in the name of survival . )
But their final battle is almost over . On June 27 , the series finale of Pretty Little Liars will reveal the identity of Uber “ A ” and say goodbye to seven seasons of text messages , mysteries , and lies . EW has your exclusive first look at the final hour , directed by showrunner I. Marlene King .
And , yes , Jenna 's there .
Watch the full interview with the cast of Pretty Little Liars here on the new People/Entertainment Weekly Network ( PEN ) . Go to PEOPLE.com/PEN , or download the free app on your Smart TV , mobile and web devices .
Eric McCandless/Freeform
Eric McCandless/Freeform
Eric McCandless/Freeform
Pretty Little Liars airs Tuesdays at 8 p.m . ET on Freeform .
Blog Posts Bush Administration Tries to Redefine Contraception as Abortion
The New York Times reports that the Bush Administration 's Department of Health and Human Services is drafting a rule that would place new restrictions on domestic family planning programs . While current law allows health care providers and professionals to refuse to provide abortions based on their religious beliefs , this provision would threaten the funding of organizations and health facilities if they do not hire people who would refuse to provide birth control and defines abortion so broadly that it would include many types of birth control , including oral contraception .
Speaker Pelosi released the following statement on the Administration 's draft proposal :
If the Administration goes through with this draft proposal , it will launch a dangerous assault on women 's health . The majority of Americans oppose this out of touch position that redefines contraception as abortion and represents a sustained pattern of the Bush Administration to reject medical and sound science in favor of a misguided ideology that has no place in our government . I urge the President to reject this policy and join with Democrats to focus on preventing unintended pregnancies and reducing the need for abortion through increasing access to family planning services and access to affordable birth control .
From Congresswoman Lois Capps , Chair of the Democratic Women 's Working Group :
WASHINGTON , D.C. — Today Congresswoman Lois Capps called on the Bush Administration to stop its misguided effort to restrict access to basic family planning services . According to press reports , the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) is drafting new rules that would severely restrict women 's health care options while undermining the ability of health care providers to secure funding and provide essential services . It would require all recipients of federal health care funding to sign a written certification that they will not “ discriminate ” against health care entities who refuse to provide patients with abortions or even birth control . “ Once again , the Bush Administration is carelessly playing partisan politics with women 's health care , ” said Capps , a nurse and Vice-Chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee 's Subcommittee on Health . “ Time and again this Administration has jeopardized women 's access to essential family planning services for purely ideological reasons . Sound science and responsible public health practices should never be trumped by political ideology . This proposal is unnecessary and would be harmful to women 's health. ” Federal law already protects individuals who prefer to not participate in abortion services and many states have refusal clauses for either individuals or institutions that object to providing or participating in abortions . The Bush Administration proposal goes far beyond those measures and attempts to define abortion services so broadly that it would include many types of birth control , including oral contraception and emergency contraception . Capps and several of their House colleagues will be sending a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services objecting to the draft rule and urging the Administration to reconsider its position . Capps has worked in the past to stop other efforts by the Bush Administration to restrict access to family planning services and contraception . They were part of the successful efforts to allow over-the-counter sales of Plan B emergency contraception and also to prevent attempts to restrict funding from certain health providers who provide comprehensive family planning services .
Gardaí are to begin excavating a site in Dublin amid allegations that two infants were buried in the back garden of a house decades ago .
It is alleged a woman was raped as a child and gave birth to the youngsters before they were killed .
The incidents are alleged to have happened in the 1960s and 1970s .
Gardaí in Crumlin have launched an investigation into the claims .
Yesterday evening officers served a search warrant at an address in south Dublin , and a dig is expected to get underway in the coming days .
The operation is expected to last up to three weeks . It is believed to be in the Walkinstown area of the city .
Specialist officers will be in charge of the geophysical survey , and the State Pathologist Dr Marie Cassidy is said to be on standby if required .
Officers are also understood to be looking for a number of personal items , which are said to have been buried with the infants .
Gardaí have interviewed the alleged victim on several occasions during a year-long investigation .
They plan to speak to an elderly woman about the case - but at least one of the men accused of abusing the victim is dead .
A house has been sealed off and gardaí say the results of the dig will determine the future direction of the investigation .
Cathal McMahon is a news journalist with Independent.ie . They told Newstalk Breakfast the family currently living in the property are likely to be moved .
New heroes are born . Their names , the Flying Warriors !
When the evil red star appears in the sky , the great monster of the Dark Dimension , Demonyx , returns . The five Flying Warriors , led by Rick Stalker , are sent by the Dragon Lord to defeat Demonyx . Fight through four game modes . Choose one of two different fighting styles . One for beginners , and one for those who can master the martial arts . Use items and Mystic Spells in your quest to rescue the Light Dimension from darkness .
This classic game is part of the Virtual Console service , which brings you great games created for consoles such as NES™ , Super NES™ and Game Boy™ Advance . We hope you 'll enjoy the new features ( including off-TV play ) that have been added to this title . See more Virtual Console games for Wii U .
On Saturday , thousands welcomed double-hulled canoe Hokulea home to Hawaii when it entered a channel off the island Oahu and tied up to a floating dock at Magic Island .
About a dozen crewmembers for each leg of the voyage relied only on their understanding of nature 's cues — ocean swells , stars , wind , birds— and their own naau , or gut , to sail across about 40,000 nautical miles ( 74,000 kilometers ) to 19 countries , spreading a message of malama honua : Caring for the earth .
( AP ) — No modern navigation instrumentation guided a Polynesian voyaging canoe as it followed the horizon during a three-year journey around the globe .
Anthony Quintano/Civil Beat
“ We really are sailing in their ( the ancestors ' ) wake , ” said Murphy , 38 . “ We had to relearn what our ancestors had mastered . ”
The toughest part of the journey was dealing with cloud cover and trying to maintain the proper speed so the boat escorting the canoe could keep pace , they said , adding that they enjoyed eating the fish the crew caught during the journey .
The crew held a formal homecoming ceremony that included welcoming remarks from Gov . David Ige and Mayor Kirk Caldwell and a speech by Nainoa Thompson , president of the Polynesian Voyaging Society .
The voyage perpetuated the traditional wayfinding that brought the first Polynesians several thousand miles to Hawaii hundreds of years ago . The trip also helped train a new generation of young navigators .
Hokulea means star of gladness . The canoe was built and launched in the 1970s , when there were no Polynesian navigators left . So the Voyaging Society looked beyond Polynesia to find one .
Mau Piailug , from a small island called Satawal in Micronesia , was among the last half-dozen people in the world to practice the art of traditional navigation and agreed to guide Hokulea to Tahiti in 1976 .
“ Without him , our voyaging would never have taken place , ” the Polynesian Voyaging Society said on the website for Hokulea . “ Mau was the only traditional navigator who was willing and able to reach beyond their culture to ours . ”
The epic round-the-world voyage that started in 2014 shows how far Hokulea has gone since its first voyage from Hawaii to Tahiti in 1976 .
Disaster befell another voyage in 1978 when the canoe capsized off the Hawaiian island of Molokai in a blinding storm . Eddie Aikau , a revered Hawaiian surfer and lifeguard on the crew , grabbed their surfboard and paddled for help , but was never seen again . The rest of the crewmembers were rescued .
Crewmembers hope the success of the latest journey will inspire other indigenous cultures to rediscover and revive traditions . Thompson said they also hope indigenous cultures can help with solutions to modern-day problems such as climate change .
Native Hawaiian ancestors were not only skilled navigators but good flight attendants of the islands who farmed and fished sustainably .
“ They figured it out — how to live well on these islands , ” Thompson said . “ And I think that is the challenge of the time for planet earth and all of humanity . ”
Crewmembers of the worldwide voyage were mindful to incorporate that into daily life .
Fish they caught for meals never went to waste , even when the crew once landed a 49-pound ahi , crewmember Naalehu Anthony , who participated in about half-a-dozen legs of the voyage , recalled in a blog post .
“ The fish was plenty for us for the day , ” they wrote .
Anthony Quintano/Civil Beat
Crewmembers slept in plywood bunks covered with waterproof canvas and bathing was simple , recalled Russell Amimoto , a Hokulea crewmember for two legs .
“ We have unlimited supply of nice , ocean-temperature saltwater available , ” they said , explaining that crewmembers threw a bucket attached to a rope overboard to scoop up water for bathing .
The voyage has had challenges and reaching South Africa in 2015 — the journey 's halfway point — was the most dangerous leg because of complicated ocean conditions .
In February , a team of four apprentice navigators spotted tiny , remote Easter Island . Pinpointing the island that is also known as Rapa Nui at sunset was a major accomplishment because it is considered one of the most difficult islands to find using traditional wayfinding .
Last week the crew spotted the 10,023-foot ( 3,055-meter ) high Maui mountain Haleakala looming in the distance , signifying Hokulea 's official return to Hawaii waters .
After returning , Hokulea will embark on an eight-month trip sailing throughout the Hawaiian islands .
“ We will go to as many as 70 communities and 100 schools to thank Hawaii 's people and share what we have learned with their children , ” Thompson said . “ We are also looking forward to hearing Hawaii stories of malama honua .
Image caption After the Koran burning , riots broke out across Afghanistan that left 30 dead
Six US soldiers have been disciplined for the incineration in February of up to 100 Korans and other religious texts in Afghanistan , the US military said .
They will not face criminal prosecution over the incident , which sparked rioting that claimed at least 30 lives and saw two US troops shot dead .
The investigation said there was no malicious intent to disrespect Islam .
Three US Marines were also disciplined for a video in which the bodies of dead Taliban fighters were urinated on .
For the Koran burning , the six soldiers face `` administrative punishments '' that could include measures like reduction of rank , extra duty or forfeiture of pay . They are four officers and two non-commissioned officers .
'Secret messages '
In the wake of the 20 February incident , Afghan President Hamid Karzai called for a public trial of the soldiers involved .
Their office told the Associated Press news agency Mr Karzai would review the decisions and respond on Tuesday .
I reject any suggestion those involved acted with any malicious intent Brigadier General Bryan Watson , Investigating officer
The findings showed that up to 100 Korans and other religious texts - a previously undisclosed figure - had been incinerated at Bagram Air Field , a US air base north of Kabul .
Some 53 Korans and 162 other religious books were recovered from the incinerator . All of these texts had been damaged by fire , and about one-third of them were `` slightly damaged '' , according to the report .
They had been removed from the Parwan Detention Centre amid concerns that detainees were using the books to pass secret messages .
A translator was partly blamed in the report for apparently having suggested that most of the texts were extremist in nature , without instructing American forces how to properly dispose of the books .
The report added that warnings from Afghans , including an Afghan soldier , had been ignored - something the investigation attributed in part to distrust between the US troops and Afghans .
But Brigadier General Bryan Watson , the investigating officer , wrote : `` I absolutely reject any suggestion that those involved acted with any malicious intent to disrespect the Koran or defame the faith of Islam . ''
The investigation 's findings came on the same day the US Marine Corps announced its punishment for three servicemen who took part in a video in which the bodies of dead Taliban fighters were urinated on .
Three servicemen pleaded guilty : one to `` urinating on the body of a deceased Taliban soldier '' , another to posing for a photo with human casualties , and a third for lying to investigators .
In the video , someone can be heard saying : `` Have a good day , buddy . ''
Their identities have not been revealed and the Marine Corps said it would provide details of disciplinary actions against them at a later date .
Introducing ZeroLink — The Bitcoin Fungibility Framework
To cut through my waffle click for ZeroLink 's specification
nopara73 Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 14 , 2017
I am extremely excited to announce the joint research of SamouraiWallet and HiddenWallet developers : ZeroLink that will make it possible to use Bitcoin in a fully anonymous way the first time . And no , I am not overstating it .
Overview
Even if there is a great , cheap and performant anonymity technique , there are just so many ways a user can be deanonymized , for example through network analysis . For this reason we came up with the Wallet Privacy Framework .
ZeroLink defines a pre-mix and a post-mix wallet and a mixing technique .
Pre-mix wallet functionality can be added to any Bitcoin wallet without much overhead . Post-mix wallets on the other hand have strong privacy requirements , regarding coin selection , private transaction and balance retrieval , transaction input and output indexing and broadcasting . The requirements and recommendations for pre- and post-mix wallets together define the Wallet Privacy Framework .
Coins from pre-mix wallets to post-mix wallets are moved by mixing . Most on-chain mixing techniques , like CoinShuffle , CoinShuffle++ or TumbleBit 's Classic Tumbler mode can be used . However ZeroLink defines its own mixing technique : Chaumian CoinJoin .
Chaumian CoinJoin
In 2013 Gregory Maxwell detailed CoinJoin the first time . They already described this technique , hidden inside their FAQ , compressed into a few lines . It based on the Chaum Blind Signature Scheme , therefore we call it Chaumian CoinJoin :
Using chaum blind signatures : The users connect and provide inputs ( and change addresses ) and a cryptographically-blinded version of the address they want their private coins to go to ; the server signs the tokens and returns them . The users anonymously reconnect , unblind their output addresses , and return them to the server . The server can see that all the outputs were signed by it and so all the outputs had to come from valid participants . Later people reconnect and sign .
A mixing round runs within seconds , and its anonymity set can go far beyond a single CoinJoin transaction 's if needed . Furthermore it is really cheap .
But if it 's so good why did n't anyone build it ? A part of the reason was : proper DoS protection is fairly hard to do . However the things have changed since 2013 and we are not living in a zero Bitcoin fee environment anymore . It turns out if Bitcoin fees stay around $ 1 there is an elegant way to make it uneconomical for malicious actors to disrupt mixing rounds .
Not Just Research
I succeeded to get the attention of Samourai Wallet 's developer : TDevD , who is also a contributor to ZeroLink . Both my HiddenWallet and SamouraiWallet are fully committed to implement and deploy it into production . Furthermore the team behind Stratis : BreezeWallet has shown significant interest in ZeroLink , as well . They are actively evaluating and waiting for the proposal to mature .
GREEN BAY , Wis. -- James Jones loves No . 89 , but they are n't going to spend a fortune to get their old number back when they re-signed with the Green Bay Packers on Sunday .
Thanks to Richard Rodgers , that was n't necessary .
`` I 'm not going to be wasting money on paying for a number , '' Jones said Monday after their signing became official . `` I 'd have put No . 11 on or something . It 's not that serious to me . I do n't have [ 89 ] tattooed on my body or nothing like that . I asked them [ for the number ] . I did a lot of work in that number out here , and they were a good man . They let me get it . ''
The Packers ' second-year tight end , who was assigned No . 89 when they were drafted in 2014 , did not ask for anything in return from Jones . Rodgers switched to No . 82 , which they wore in high school and as a first-year student at the University of California until they switched to No . 11 .
`` I just gave it up , ” Rodgers said Monday . `` I do n't really have an attachment to No . 89 . It 's not a big deal . ''
Jones said they will buy Rodgers dinner or a new pair of shoes -- or even pay for them to get a haircut .
`` I talked to them yesterday , they said they have no ties to the number , go ahead and take it , buddy , '' Jones said . `` I appreciate him . ''
Rare £10 million blue diamond thought to be the clearest ever found is discovered in South Africa
Stone still needs forensic tests , but discoverers think it is 'very special '
Found in mine famous for 'Great Star of Africa ' stone in Queen 's sceptre
Stone to lose between 1/3 and 1/2 of mass when cut , depending on clarity
A rare blue diamond that might fetch over £10 million when it is sold , and could break world records for its clarity , has been discovered in a mine in South Africa .
The diamond , which came from the famous Cullinan mine 25 miles from Pretoria , is going to be sold at auction soon , but the owners of the mine , Petra Diamonds , do n't know how much it will truly be worth until a buyer emerges , saying 'it depends on what people are prepared to pay for it ' .
While the diamond still needs further forensic investigation , the company that found it already think they have unearthed a 'very special diamond . '
Blue diamonds are the most coveted in the world thanks to their rarity , and the Cullian mine the most important source for them in the world
Blue diamonds are some of the rarest diamonds in the world , and only make up around 0.1 % of all diamonds found every year . Petra Diamonds has only found four blue diamonds since they took over the Cullinan mine in 2008 .
How much a diamond is worth is often decided by three factors ; the flawlessness , the colour , and the rarity .
While this latest blue diamond still needs further assessment , it has already been deemed as 'on the large end ' and 'exceptional . '
A spokesperson for Petra Diamonds said : 'It 's a very special diamond .
'You do n't usually get diamond blues of this size or clarity . There 's going to be a lot of interest in it in the diamond buying community . '
CEO of Petra Diamonds Johan Dippenaar holding the coveted stone , which has the potential to yield an incredibly important cut diamond
'The stone is an outstanding vivid blue with extraordinary saturation , tone and clarity .
'It has the potential to yield a polished stone of great value and importance .
'It may well even break new records . '
When the diamond is bought it will likely be cut and polished , meaning it could lose between one third and half of is mass , depending on the quality of the stone .
Located at the foothills of the Magaliesberg mountain range , the Cullinan mine is 37 miles north-east of Pretoria in South Africa .
The mine has a history of producing blue diamonds , but its regular yield is mostly small white diamonds , earning its owner a revenue of around £133 million a year from 800,000 carats in total .
The diamond has yet to be cut , a process which will make it significantly smaller , as it involves shaping it , and cutting off a lot of its mass
The Cullinan diamond mine first made waves in 1905 when it unearthed the largest rough gem diamond ever found , a massive 3,106 carats .
This diamond was named 'The Great Star of Africa ' , and became famous in British culture when it was mounted in the Scepter of the Cross , part of the Queen 's crown jewels .
Other notable diamonds produced by the mine include the Premier Rose , which was 353 carats rough and valued at around $ 10 million ( £6 million ) , and the Golden Jubilee , 545 carats , worth up to $ 14 million ( £8.5 million ) - the largest cut and faceted diamond in the world .
Cullinan has made a few very important diamond discoveries since 2008 when Petra Diamonds took over the mine , including a 39.9-carat diamond which sold for $ 8.8 million ( £4.8 million ) , a 26.6-carat diamond which sold for $ 1.45 million ( £881,030 ) and a 25.5-carat diamond which sold for $ 16.8 million ( £10.2 million ) last year .
Diamond Ranch Academy , Idaho , raid , testimony , Utah
Diamond Ranch Academy which is marketed as a residential treatment center located near Hurricane in Utah is hunting young people who had been confined to their facility and had publicly spoken out against what they believe were poor treatment of them .
Many of them suffer from emotional damage as result of their placement at the treatment center .
An alarming number of suicides among earlier students also indicate that their stay were not a pleasant one .
2 boys died while they were confined to the treatment center .
We know that they once operated from an address in Idaho . We do know that the authorities raided the facility and as result they relocated their operations to Utah where the laws are less strict – almost none existing – regarding operating a treatment center .
While the 1999 raid is many years ago , it is also interesting because it properly was the last time any official cared about what went down at the treatment center . That is why we are interested in what took place back then .
If you were forced to be a resident back then or you were an employee please comment to this blog entry . I will forward your statement to the human rights organizations in the United States and abroad which is interested in the conditions at this treatment center .
Why do human rights organizations outside United States care about Diamond Ranch Academy . Because today Diamond Ranch Academy also attracts client from abroad – especially United Kingdom , which can send clients to the treatment center who comes from a healthier youth environment to a place where they can suffer real emotional damage which could haunt them for life .
We as Danes believe in free speech . We believe that young adults who had a bad time should be allowed to share their testimony . We believe that others have the right to re-publish their testimony . We acknowledge that there are two sides to any testimony but if one side is not given the opportunity to speak out there is real danger that a third teenager could die at Diamond Ranch Academy .
So please step forward . Diamond Ranch Academy will try to silence everyone who speaks out against them . We will show them that they can not stop an entire world fighting for free speech .
Sources :
SPOILER ALERT : Do not read if you have not yet watched the Nov. 17 episode of “ Crazy Ex-Girlfriend , ” entitled “ Josh Is Irrelevant . ”
Until now on “ Crazy Ex-Girlfriend , ” Rebecca Bunch ( Rachel Bloom ) thought they suffered with anxiety , depression , and OCD . But in the sixth episode , they received a new diagnosis : borderline personality disorder ( BPD ) .
“ We wrote their kind of by feel for a while , ” explains executive producer Aline Brosh McKenna . “ We kind of wrote their behavior in a way that felt right to us for about a season and a half , and then Rachel and I started to realize this was an area we were going into . It 's funny , we were trying to help Rebecca , so we were trying to figure out what was best for them And when we looked into it , so much of this seemed to resonate . ”
After attempting to commit suicide , Rebecca was admitted to a hospital where their doctors discovered that they ticked more than just the five items on the BPD checklist necessary for the diagnosis .
In fact , when McKenna was researching the disorder , they realized that not only did Rebecca exhibit all nine of the items on the list , but in their 36 episodes , they had about 10 examples of each of the nine symptoms .
Related 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend ' Boss on Rebecca 's Cry for Help ( SPOILERS )
“ No diagnosis is a perfect diagnosis , and it 's a bit imprecise , and there are many schools of thought on BPD , but we tried to dial in on what we thought was accurate for her , ” McKenna says .
Rebecca was initially excited to learn their previous diagnoses were inaccurate , which led to a musical number about finding their “ tribe ” and understanding what was wrong so it could be fixed . But when they received the actual diagnosis , their tune changed because they thought it meant they were “ broken ” and would not be able to be fixed after all .
“ There are a whole host of behaviors that are deeply rooted in her , so she 'll continue to struggle — but she 'll struggle with more information , ” McKenna says .
Now that they have an official diagnosis , that struggle will be “ to include their new truths about themselves into their daily life , ” says McKenna , as well as to learn new strategies to try and get better . For Rebecca , the path will be “ intensive ” therapy , which the show will explore in upcoming episodes through group therapy sessions .
“ Mainly it 's a lot of hard work , and it 's really challenging , and the people who do that hard work are very brave , ” McKenna says . “ Just because they have a name for it , it does n't mean their behavior 's going to be different . In many ways , it kind of enhances their struggle , it makes it harder . Because now when she 's doing things , they know why , and that makes them confused and angry . And there 's a lot with mental health stuff [ that 's ] one step forward and two steps back . She 's not always diligent about it , but we really see them going forward , doing the work . They really are an A-student , so when they have an assignment they really takes it on . ”
By the end of the episode , Rebecca also finally acknowledged that their ex Josh ( Vincent Rodriguez III ) was not the cause of their problems .
“ For Rebecca , love is their drug of choice , ” McKenna says . “ That 's a very dangerous substance , but like food , you need to have it . So they have to learn how to get love in their life in a healthy way , which is obviously very challenging for them And if they mess up with that going forward , it has possible serious consequences for her . ”
As Rebecca struggles to come to terms with their diagnosis ( “ Is that who I am ? How do I live within that ? What choices do I make now ? ” says McKenna ) they are n't the only one who is going to have to do some hard work to understand their own psychology . Nathaniel ( Scott Michael Foster ) finally got a glimpse into their family 's history when they learned their mother overdosed on sleeping pills when they were a child . Despite that backstory , McKenna says , it wo n't always be easy for them to see what Rebecca is going through .
“ He 's got a lot of unresolved pain in their past , ” McKenna says . “ It sets them on the most serious of the journeys . ”
Josh , too , must figure out who they are and what they want their life to be without a relationship with Rebecca .
“ What I think is really interesting is that Josh had connected to them because they were struggling with their own identity and failing in New York , and here 's this smart , cosmopolitan , charming , beautiful girl that loves [ him ] and makes [ him ] feel special , ” McKenna says . “ Of course the audience has always known that it had nothing to do with them – they were just kind of conveniently placed – but they did n't know that . They thought they loved him , and that made them feel great . They really starts to have their quarter-life crisis now . They are now unemployed , they do n't have a place to live , they do n't have their anymore , he 's not seeing anyone . It 's tough stuff coming up for Josh . ”
The season may have started off as a revenge tale , but it has grown into something much more complicated . That 's why , although McKenna originally considered the “ Scary Scary Sexy Lady ” song as a new opening credits sequence , they ultimately went with “ Crazy ” instead . And similarly , McKenna admits that “ there 's a change in the names in the episode titles coming up ” to cover the new themes – and really , new Rebecca – with which the show is now dealing .
“ Crazy Ex-Girlfriend ” airs on Fridays at 8 p.m. on the CW .
We love seeing the cool and interesting projects some of our customers have created . One of our favorites comes from Ajay , located near Boston , who came up with a great idea for labeling and customizing a 12-pack of cobalt blue bottles – chalkboard paint . It 's a fun , easy way to label your brews , keep track of whose drink belongs to whom , or just to draw some weird pictures . Here 's what you 'll need to get started .
Materials
Bottles of your choice – we used EZ Cap cobalt blue flip-top bottles for this project .
Glass Chalkboard Paint – available here
Small amount of Isopropyl Alcohol for cleaning your bottles
Paper Towels
1-2 Small Foam Brushes
Painters Tape
Utility Knife ( optional )
Chalk
Timing
Although this project is a simple one , you 'll need to set aside about 90 minutes per coat of paint you 'll use ( we ended up using 3 total coats ) , most of which will be spent waiting for your paint to cure and your bottles to heat and cool .
Instructions
First , select and prep your bottles . You can use nearly any type of bottle for this project ; we like to use these EZ Cap flip-top bottles , since they have a large flat area for a big label , and frankly because they look pretty damn cool .
Wet a paper towel or rag with isopropyl alcohol and gently scrub the area where your label will be to remove any residue . If you 're reusing bottles with labels already on them , be sure to soak the bottles for at least 30 minutes in soapy water or sanitizer , if you have it ! After the bottles have soaked , gently remove the labels and scrape all remaining glue from the bottle before proceeding .
Since we 're going to be baking these bottles to cure the paint , we 'll need to remove the swing-tops from our bottles .
The next step is to mask off the area we 'll be painting . You can get as precise or creative as you 'd like at this stage . We roughly outlined rectangles about 4 inches high and 3 inches wide , but you can make any type of rectangle , circle or any other design you 're able to make using painter 's tape . Regardless of your design , the important thing is to ensure all edges coming in contact with your chalkboard paint be as crisp as possible – this means avoiding creases in your tape , and pressing down hard to ensure good contact between the tape and your bottle .
Optional : Using a utility knife , cut the excess tape from your bottles to make them easier to handle .
Squirt a small amount of paint from your bottle , and dap onto one edge of your foam brush . Gently paint each bottle , taking care to cover the surface with as little paint as possible . The smoothness of the paint will ultimately determine how well you 're able to write on it . Do n't worry if your paint looks thin and translucent – we 'll be adding more layers in later steps .
Wait approximately 30 minutes for your paint to dry , then carefully remove the painter 's tape . Make sure your lines are crisp – if the paint has seeped where you do n't want it to be , you can ( carefully ) scrape the excess off using an X-acto or utility knife .
Place your bottles on an oven rack , painted side up , THEN turn the oven to 375 degrees , and cook for 30 minutes . Make sure your oven is at room temperature when you add the bottles – the glass needs to heat and cool gradually . After 30 minutes , turn off the oven and let your bottles cool gradually .
Once your bottles have cooled , remove them from the oven and begin your second coat . Begin at the outside edges and work your way in , being sure to alternate direction from your first coat to minimize streaking .
If your paint bleeds outside the edge of your label , wipe the excess away using a damp paper towel , using the crisp paint edge as a guide . Let dry and bake again at 375 degrees for 30 minutes . Repeat this painting , drying , baking , and cooling process , as many times as desired . The final number of coats is up to you – we used 3 total coats of paint to achieve a totally opaque label , but if you 're painting on lighter glass , you may need an additional coat or two to achieve the look you want .
Next , season the chalkboard using a stick of chalk ( your least favorite color ! ) . Using the side of the chalk , cover the label as completely as possible , then wipe using a damp paper towel .
Re-attach your flip tops , fill with your favorite beverage , and enjoy !
Cheers !
An FBI affidavit recently unsealed reveals that investigators believed ISIS was using online auction site eBay as a way to funnel money to the United States with an eye toward financing terror attacks by American citizens .
The allegations are that one man , Mohamed Elshinawy , created several fake transactions selling computer printers on eBay and getting paid through PayPal , apparently from overseas ISIS operatives who told them to use the money for “ operational purposes . ”
Elshinawy told investigators about this , and plead not guilty to supporting terrorism , though they are still in federal detention , awaiting any trials they might face in the future . Where that stands are n't entirely clear .
But eBay and PayPal both say they worked closely with law enforcement on the matter , and PayPal insisted that they are actively preventing any terrorist activity arising from PayPal accounts .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
In a troubling story by the Associated Press ‘ Kathy Gannon , we get a closer look at the motives and aftermath of an “ honor killing. ” It involves a Pakistani man , Mubeen Rajhu , who murdered their Muslim sister after they began dating a Christian man ( who allegedly converted to Islam , not that it mattered ) .
The murderers , in these cases , are usually close to the victims — family members , co-workers , neighbors — and they 're all complicit in furthering the spread of this despicable practice . Just look at what Rajhu 's father had to say about the death of their daughter :
[ His father ] is angry that their son killed their sister for two reasons only : the young man is in jail and no longer earning nearly $ 200 a month , and their family , spread throughout Pakistan , will soon learn of Tasleem 's indiscretions . “ My family is destroyed , ” they say , their voice rising . “ Everything is destroyed only because of this shameful girl . Even after death I am destroyed because of her . ”
He 's blaming them for destroying the family . Their son murdered them and it 's their fault . It 's the worst kind of victim-blaming you 'll ever see .
We do n't get any explanation for why Rahju did this . And why would we ? There is no reason for it . Only rationalizations that make absolutely no sense .
Their justifications suggest a mix of barbaric culture and toxic dogma that requires purity and subservience from women at all costs . If a woman — and it 's almost always a woman — dares to challenge that status quo , even their murder at the hands of a sibling can be warranted .
( Thanks to Scott for the link )
Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images
Free-agent NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick posted a picture on social media this week comparing modern police officers to fugitive slave patrols .
Here 's a look at the message Kaepernick posted on Twitter after the Philando Castile verdict :
The 29-year-old quarterback garnered national headlines during the 2016 season for kneeling during the national anthem , a practice later joined by other athletes across the sports spectrum . They explained the decision to Steve Wyche of NFL.com last August .
`` I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color , '' Kaepernick said . `` To me , this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way . There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder . ''
Those comments came less than two months after Castile was fatally shot by Minnesota police officer Jeronimo Yanez during a traffic stop last July .
On Friday , Ralph Ellis and Bill Kirkos of CNN reported Yanez was found not guilty on all the charges brought against them in the case , including second-degree manslaughter and two counts of `` intentional discharge of firearm that endangers safety . ''
Kaepernick posted a separate message on Twitter after the verdict was announced , which read : `` My heart aches for Philando 's family . ''
Meanwhile , he 's remained on the NFL free-agent market for a majority of the offseason with training camps now just over a month away .
Sheil Kapadia of ESPN.com noted Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman is among the players who said they believe the QB is being blackballed for their public stance . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell downplayed that belief during a Los Angeles Rams All-Access event this week .
“ [ Teams are ] going to do whatever it takes to make their football team better , '' they said , per ESPN 's Alden Gonzalez . `` So those are football decisions . They 're made all the time . I believe that if a football team feels that Colin Kaepernick , or any other player , is going to improve that team , they 're going to do it . ''
A.J . Perez of USA Today reported Kaepernick planned to discontinue their protest of the national anthem if he 's signed for the 2017 season , however .
Chinese go undercover in Darth Vader-style visors as fear of exposure to the sun sweeps country
Giant full face visors have been described as combining the benefits of wearing a hat and sunglasses at the same time
People have been spotted wearing them on bikes , scooters and even indoors while shopping - and out of the sun
People in China are taking skin-care to new extremes by wearing full-face dark visors to protect them from the sun .
Unlike sporty sun-visors designed to cast a shadow over the face , these much larger accessories cover the entire visage with dark tinted plastic .
While those wearing them can see out , those looking at them are forced to communicate with what looks like someone wearing a Darth Vader-like mask , without irony .
Fad : The benefits of protecting the skin appear to outweigh the risks of sun damage , plus crashing while cycling , for this Chinese fan of the new full face-visor
Anti-ageing ? Far from simply casting a shadow over the face to protect the skin from the sun , the giant visors offer the added benefits of wearing sunglasses too
From motorcycling to department store shopping these strange faceless people form part of a growing Chinese fad for wearing the protective solar-visors in public .
The fashion fail could perhaps be justified if it was limited to the outdoors , but many women are wearing them indoors and have been spotted hiding behind the visors in shopping centres .
Rather than complimenting current fashion trends , the mask-like visors look more like a welding mask than this season 's fashion-must giant sunglasses .
The fashion fail could perhaps be justified if it was limited to the outdoors , but many people are wearing them indoors , some even spotted hiding behind the visors in shopping centres
Rather than catch the sun on their cheeks it appears these people would rather risk alienating total strangers with the odd-face covering
Even the danger of obscured vision or fogging up the visor while performing complex tasks like riding a motorcycle do not put off the visor-clad females from shading their entire faces .
Fashion blogger Amanda Shadforth provided their opinion of visor-wearing from their website Oracle Fox .
' I 've always had an unhealthy obsession with sun visors , ' they said .
'It 's kind of like a hat with built-in sunglasses so if you 're not entirely sure if the look is for you consider it as wearing two things for the price of one . '
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Jan. 8 , 2016 , 5:14 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 8 , 2016 , 9:22 PM GMT By NBC News
President Obama vetoed a bill Friday aimed at repealing their signature health care law .
`` This legislation would not only repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act , but would reverse the significant progress we have made in improving health care in America , '' the president wrote members of the House in a letter .
`` Republicans in the Congress have attempted to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act over 50 times . Rather than refighting old political battles by once again voting to repeal basic protections that provide security for the middle class , members of Congress should be working together to grow the economy , strengthen middle-class families , and create new jobs , '' the letter continued . `` Because of the harm this bill would cause to the health and financial security of millions of Americans , it has earned my veto . ''
The president 's veto comes after the House 's recent passage this week almost entirely along party-lines , 240 to 181 , to repeal the Affordable Care Act and defund Planned Parenthood . Just one Democrat voted for the bill and three Republicans voted against it .
The Senate passed the Restoring Americans ' Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act in December . It was successful because Republicans used the process of budget reconciliation that prevented a filibuster by Senate Democrats .
Related : Congress Sends Obamacare Repeal to President for First Time
Since the law 's passage , Republicans in Congress over the past few years have authored dozens of unsuccessful attempts to repeal all or part of the health care law . Repealing the president 's landmark accomplishment continues to be a rallying cry for the GOP and House Speaker Paul Ryan has vowed to continue the effort .
Forget the clipboard ! Mourinho takes charge of first training session back at Chelsea , and unveils their secret weapon ... the iPad !
Jose Mourinho has revealed they are ready to shake off the criticisms of their playing style and play the attacking football that Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich wants .
The Portuguese manager , who is starting pre-season in their second spell at Chelsea this week , took charge of their first session back armed with an iPad .
Mourinho shared a joke with Frank Lampard and Gary Cahill as they put their new squad through their paces on a boiling hot afternoon in Cobham .
To be Frank : Some of the Chelsea stars might be surprised to see their new boss taking training with an iPad
Welcome back , Jose : Frank Lampard and John Terry will be pleased to see the return of Mourinho to Chelsea
Under instruction : The Portuguese speaks to Demba Ba and Gary Cahill while armed with an iPad
Leave the clipboard at home , Jose : Mourinho in training today and ( right ) their first session at Chelsea in 2004
New boys : Marco van Ginkel ( left ) and Andre Schurrle have been settling into life at Chelsea 's training ground
The former Real Madrid and Inter Milan manager 's ruthless brand of football has been called into question in the past , but now they want to shape the team 's mentality and excite the fans through free-flowing football .
' I want to make the Chelsea fans happy – by results , by our playing style , by the mentality and the personality of the team , ' they said .
'They have to know that there are three options in the match – where we can win , draw or lose – but we always give everything . '
Beaming : Jose Mourinho has spoken of their desire to embark on a playing style to please the Chelsea fans
Returning hero : Mourinho wants to bring the winning mentality of their first spell at Chelsea
Speaking of their impeccable record at their clubs ' home grounds , Mourinho said they are willing to chance their arm when it comes to switching tactics .
' I know in my record at Chelsea – also at Inter and Madrid – that I made many decisions that helped my teams .
'If I gamble , as you sometimes call it in England , with a very risky decision , it can go the wrong way .
Chelsea culture : Mourinho wants stalwarts like Frank Lampard to hand down mentality to younger players
Success : Mourinho 's previous reign at Chelsea saw them win Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006 ( below )
'How many times did I play here with three defenders ? I remember against West Ham [ in April 2006 ] , we were losing 1-0 and we were playing with 10 men after Maniche got a red card early in the game .
' I still gambled because I wanted to win with 10 men – and we did win , 4-1 . '
But , as they embark on their first pre-season after returning to the club , they have a host of new faces to manage - including their first two summer signings Andre Schurrle and Marco van Ginkel .
The duo played a game of pool at the club 's Cobham training centre as they linked up with their new team-mates .
And Mourinho wants stalwarts from their previous success - like John Terry , Frank Lampard and Petr Cech - to embed their famous winning mentality in the younger members of the squad .
'Of course , there are senior players still at the club who can do the same and this is the legacy of the club culture – as some guys are arriving , they have others who can transmit to them immediately what this club means .
'One day , these older players will finish and the younger guys now will be the older ones in the future , so the Chelsea culture is continuously passed on from one generation to the next . '
When they arrive at work Monday morning , Khalid Marshall is greeted by a slate of complaints from Austin residents . Marshall is a code enforcement officer with the city , and their work specifically focuses on short-term rentals , or STRs , like those you 'd find on HomeAway or Airbnb .
“ We get the complaints directly from 311 , so whenever you text in your complaint or you call 311 , for short-term rentals , they come directly to my inbox , ” Marshall said .
After a scroll through their messages , Marshall heads to investigate a noise complaint about an STR on West 8th Street . They park down the street and walks up to the property . It 's a triplex , like a duplex plus one , and there 's a woman sitting outside on the porch .
KUT 's Syeda Hasan reports
The woman tells Marshall that she 's renting unit A of the building through Airbnb . They say there were more people staying next door , but they seem to have left . Marshall knocks on the doors of units B and C , but there 's no answer .
“ So we 'll go back and check to see and make sure they have a license for all three units or just one unit , ” Marshall says as we walk back to their truck . “ Since we found renters in A , I might have to write a warning or a citation . We 'll see how this goes . ”
Most years , Marshall sees an influx of complaints about STRs around festival season . Their department has also increased enforcement hours for the duration of South by Southwest , and now , there are even more rules to enforce . Last year , the city passed sweeping new regulations on STRs . They limited the number of occupants and banned any outdoor gatherings between 10 p.m. and 7 a.m . The city also plans to phase out so-called type-2 STRs , those that are not owner-occupied , by 2022 . Vacation rental companies and STR owners have responded with sharp criticism , protests and even a lawsuit .
Chance Weldon , an attorney with the Texas Public Policy Foundation , represents a group of short-term rental owners who sued the City of Austin last year over the new regulations .
“ We do n't have any problem at all with them increasing enforcement on loud parties or trash in the yard or parking violations , ” they say . “ As a matter of fact , that would actually be a constitutional way to address the problems that they say they have with short-term rentals . ”
`` If people are getting away with charging $ 600 a night for staying in Austin , that clearly shows that there 's sort of unmet demands in the city . ”
But despite existing rules and increased monitoring , some homeowners say the STR regulations can be virtually impossible to enforce . Mike Polston lives in the Northwest Hills neighborhood , where STRs are n't a common sight . But about two years ago , Polston said an investor bought the house across the street from theirs for the sole purpose of renting it out as an STR . They said it essentially became a party house , and he 's got some stories they can tell you .
“ I think the worst one that a couple of neighbors witnessed at like 1 o'clock in the morning , the guys got off the party bus or out of the cab , they forgot the number of the STR house , and they were kind of going around knocking on doors , and then they had to urinate in the front yard because they 'd been downtown drinking , ” Polston said .
Polston approves of Austin 's increased regulations , but they question whether the city has the resources to keep enforcing them . They said overall , they just does n't approve of the idea of STRs in residential neighborhoods .
“ It 's a very difficult thing to manage , ” they said . “ I think they 're doing a better job now than they did , but I do n't think you can sustain it . ”
The debate over regulations is ongoing . Lawmakers have introduced a bill in the Texas Senate that seeks to limit local control over STRs . It could prevent cities like Austin from enacting their own restrictions on the rental properties . Polston testified against the bill at a hearing this week .
Vacation rental companies also made their case . Websites like Airbnb do n't actually own the homes listed on their pages , but their businesses depend on property owners having the freedom to rent out their homes .
Philip Minardi is with the Austin-based STR website HomeAway , which supports the bill .
“ It preserves the property rights of individual homeowners in our community , while at the same time recognizing that municipalities should have the role and the responsibility to regulate things that are important to the local community such as trash , noise , nuisance parking and the like , ” they say .
Minardi said HomeAway 's Austin rentals are 95 percent booked through the remaining days of SXSW .
“ The lesson we learn from South By is that responsible vacation rentals are foundational to Austin 's economic health , ” they say .
HomeAway estimates that in 2014 , short-term rentals contributed $ 234 million to the Austin economy . Beyond the financial impact , some analysts wonder what would happen to Austin 's tourism industry should non-owner-occupied STRs be phased out . Last year , research firm Datafiniti found that Austin needs STRs to house all of its visitors during major events .
“ Last year , I was kind of on the fence , ” Datafiniti 's founder and CEO Shion Deysarkar says . “ I thought the city was obviously trying to build more hotels and things like that , so maybe they could do it , but I think with the data we see this year , I 'm more convinced the STRs are absolutely needed to help Austin if they want to continue growing as they are . ”
Datafiniti did an updated analysis this year . It found , unsurprisingly , that the price of Austin 's STRs spikes a few times a year around big events . Datafiniti estimates the median price of an STR in Austin to be $ 200 a night , but during SXSW , it 's about $ 600 .
“ The spike in the pricing just speaks to that , ” Deysarkar says . “ If people are getting away with charging $ 600 a night for staying in Austin , that clearly shows that there 's sort of unmet demands in the city . ”
They say if the city does phase out some STRs by 2022 , it could take a toll on much-needed rental capacity .
This 1969 Nissan Patrol has been driven frequently by the seller over the past two years during which time they claim to have worked out most if not all of the quirks inherent in any near 50 year old vehicle . A good looking driver rather than and over restored and unusable show truck , it sounds ready to enjoy as-is . Find it here on Craigslist in Steamboat Springs , Colorado for $ 5,500 . Special thanks to BaT reader Nathan for this submission .
A contrasting white roof would greatly help this one 's overall look , but otherwise there 's nothing particularly wrong with exterior cosmetics . All four tires are said to be nearly new . Note the removable top with two-piece upper/lower doors .
Said to run well with a good amount of power from its four liter straight six , the seller adds that the truck is fully functional apart from an inop coolant temp gauge . Additionally , both the 3-speed manual and transfer case have been rebuilt , and though ready to drive the seller recommends a trailer for longer distances as gearing does n't easily facilitate freeway travel .
To that end , the seller offers optional delivery within a 250 mile range . If you 're in no hurry , fly in and take the backroads .
Ever since Carrie Fisher passed away before the end of 2016 , Star Wars fans have wondered how their character General Leia would be handled as the Star Wars saga continued . Disney CEO Bob Iger revealed that Star Wars : The Last Jedi would not have to be altered following their passing , despite reports indicating that Carrie Fisher was meant to play a bigger role in Star Wars : Episode 9 . Part of the solution was to use existing footage of Carrie Fisher in Episode 9 that was shot during production of The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi , according to Carrie Fisher 's brother Todd Fisher . But now Lucasfilm has done a complete 180 on that proposed plan .
Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy recently sat down for an interview after debuting the teaser trailer for Star Wars : The Last Jedi ( watch it over and over again right here , and then check out our trailer breakdown ) , and they said that we will not see Carrie Fisher in Star Wars Episode 9 after all . Find out what Kathleen Kennedy said about the matter after the jump .
Here 's the interview from ABC News where Kathleen Kennedy clarified Carrie Fisher 's future in Star Wars :
EXCLUSIVE : Lucasfilm President Kathy Kennedy says Carrie Fisher will NOT be in @ StarWars Episode 9 as General Leia . # SWCO # TheLastJedi pic.twitter.com/gxH80QteYb — Good Morning America ( @ GMA ) April 14 , 2017
If you ca n't watch the video for some reason , here 's what they said about Todd Fisher 's recent remarks about their sister being revived by way of repurposed footage from the most recently shot Star Wars movies :
“ [ Todd ] was probably confused , because we finished everything in [ Episode ] 8 , and Carrie is absolutely phenomenal in the movie . We 're so happy that we were able to complete shooting in the summer . Unfortunately , Carrie passed away , so by the time we were well underway with Episode 9 – in our thoughts , we had not written the script yet – we regrouped , we started over again in January , so sadly Carrie will not be in [ Episode ] 9 . We 'll see a lot of them in [ Episode ] 8 . ”
More than likely , Disney and Lucasfilm wanted to make sure they had as many options at their disposal when it came to deciding what to do following the death of Carrie Fisher . Though they may have asked Todd Fisher , as well as Carrie Fisher 's daughter Billie Lourd , if they had permission to use existing footage that was n't used in either The Force Awakens or The Last Jedi , that did n't mean that was definitively part of their plan .
What Happens to General Leia in The Last Jedi ?
The question that many fans now have is what will happen to Carrie Fisher 's character in Star Wars : The Last Jedi if she 's not going to appear in Star Wars : Episode 9 ? As we mentioned before , Disney CEO Bob Iger said that The Last Jedi would not be altered following Carrie 's death . If that remains true , then how will we say goodbye to the character properly ?
When Paul Walker died a few years ago in the middle of production on Furious 7 , their two brothers helped complete shooting as stand-ins while visual effects were used to replace their faces with a digital recreation of Paul Walker 's face , including the emotional farewell given to their character Brian O'Conner in the final scene of the movie . However , Bob Iger has said that visual effects will not be employed to create new footage of Carrie Fisher , despite the fact that they were able to complete such a feat when they brought back Peter Cushing as Grand Moff Tarkin in Rogue One : A Star Wars Story .
From my perspective , it looks like one of those statements will be made false . The Last Jedi will likely have been changed in some capacity in order to compensate for Carrie Fisher not appearing in Star Wars : Episode 9 . The only way that statement could remain true is if there was already a plan for General Leia to be killed off in the movie anyway . But if that was the case , then Episode 9 would n't need to have changed their approach to the story and started from scratch .
The only way I could see Bob Iger being 100 % right is if the opening crawl of Star Wars : Episode 9 explains that General Leia has been killed , and the opening scene of the film is a funeral for the character . That would be a touching way to say farewell to Leia without needing any new footage of Carrie Fisher . It would also serve as a good plot device to kick off whatever happens next .
At the end of the day , it would n't be a big deal if part of The Last Jedi had to be changed due to Carrie Fisher 's passing . But whatever happens with General Leia , we just hope Disney and Lucasfilm have figured out how to give them a proper send-off since this is the last time we 'll see Carrie Fisher as this character .
In the meantime , if you 'd like to check out a heartfelt farewell tribute to Carrie Fisher , watch the video honoring their work , including a lovely speech from Billie Lourd , right here .
The uniqueness in the physical and electrochemical properties and the structural integrity towards lithium-ion storage make carbon nanotubes ( CNT ) a viable anode material for the lithium-ion battery . But the morphology dependent electrochemical performance and high irreversibility in capacity stand as stumbling blocks to its commercialization . Herein , we demonstrate that irreversible capacity and short cycle life in CNT based anode material can be eliminated by exfoliation of a few of its outer layers with the incorporation of sulfur . The incorporation of sulfur brings in two lithium-ion storage mechanisms in the electrode , insertion and sulfur redox reaction . We have observed this phenomenon by cyclic voltammetry and the corresponding behavioral change by dynamic electrochemical impedance spectroscopy . The assembled battery has been tested for various current densities from 150 to 40 000 mA g −1 . The cell retained a capacity of 200 mA h g −1 for 7370 cycles at 10 000 mA g −1 , proving the capability of the material for long cycle life even at higher current densities . The ultrahigh capacity of 1120 mA h g −1 at 150 mA g −1 after 10 000 cycles reveals its great potential as an anode material for commercial lithium-ion batteries .
In every job interview , there are five “ pass or fail ” moments that send the candidate onto the next round of interviews , possibly even a job offer… or to the discard pile .
Of course , there are highly important aspects before ( research ) and after ( effective follow up ) the interview . For the purpose of this discussion , however , we 'll focus exclusively on winning your initial interview with each employer :
1 . The Entrance
No matter how digital our job search becomes , nearly nothing is more important than our first impression . Arriving on time , a firm ( dry ) handshake , shoulders back , eye contact , the ability to make effective small-talk until you sit down , and more… all matter . Failing in any of these areas shows a lack of confidence and/or respect for the recruiter – a great way to lose the interview .
2 . The Conversation
You 've done several mock interviews ; you are perfectly prepared to talk with ease about why you WANT the job , why you CAN do the job and why YOU are the perfect candidate . Why is this important ? ( Hint : it is n't for the reasons most think ) .
The primary goal for this critical part of the interview is to turn the “ interrogation ” … into a conversation . Just two people talking… in a relaxed , sincere , “ I like this guy ” kind of way . When you 've accomplished this goal , and are truly engaging with the recruiter , you 're well on your way to winning the interview .
3 . The Value Proposition
Now that you 've moved the recruiter to conversational mode , it 's time to rise above most of your competition . How ? By clearly working your unique value proposition into the conversation .
Your value proposition is what makes you the most hirable candidate for the position . Maybe it is your experience or passion . Perhaps your entrepreneurial outlook , knowledge of the competition or ability to lead teams . More than likely , it 's a combination of all of the above , and more . Articulating why you are the right person for the job makes the recruiter 's decision – and job – that much easier while leaving no doubt you have the confidence to step right into the role . Doing this wrong means someone else goes to the next round of interviews instead of you .
4 . The Questions
At some point , the recruiter is going to ask : “ Do you have any questions of me ? ” – and you better be ready to dance .
Saying “ no ” implies you are n't interested . Saying “ Not at this time , we covered everything ” shows you have n't done your homework . Asking questions easily found online demonstrates a lack of passion and creativity . Inquiring about the exact compensation and benefits may indicate you are worried mostly about you .
At this critical point in the interview , you should ask three differenct types of questions , depending on your priorities . For example :
A question about the recruiter 's personal experience with the company ( “ What do you enjoy about working for this company and our industry ? ” ) A question specific to the job or project ( “ In my first 60 days in this role , how would we measure my success as a ( insert job title ) ? How can I make the most impact ? ” A question about the company and its future ( “ I see our competition , ABC Company , has rolled out a new product line ; short-term , how will we contend with their launch ? )
Please note the use of “ us ” and “ we ” in the questions – and the lack of “ I ” and “ me ” … winners make questions inclusive , like you 're already a member of the team .
5 . The Close
You 've made a good first impression in what has become an engaging , two-way conversation . You 've clearly stated your value proposition and asked impeccable questions . And then you shake hands and say “ Thanks for the interview , hope to hear from you soon . ”
Lose !
Each interview is an opportunity for you to “ close ” the deal ; to not only help the recruiter make a decision about your candidacy , but also to get them to commit to next steps . For instance , you may ask , “ How do I compare to other candidates ? ” Or , you may ask “ Do you have any reservations about my ability to do this job well , or to fit in well with the existing team ? ” After getting answers to either or both of those questions , ask one more : “ What are next steps with my application… and how soon will you be making your decision ? ”
These closing questions are sure to create a positive “ last ” impression as you leave their office !
Anticipating , preparing for and successfully executing a strategy for these five defining job interview moments shows the recruiter you are thoroughly prepared for the interview . More important , these interview tactics set you apart from 95 % of your competition – and places you that much closer to job search success !
Like this post ? Subscribe to get even more brilliance , and exclusive content , in your Inbox !
About the Author : CEO and Founder of YouTern , Mark Babbitt is a serial mentor who has been quoted in the Wall Street Journal , Mashable , Forbes and Under30CEO.com regarding job search , career development , internships and higher education 's role in preparing emerging talent for the workforce . A keynote speaker and blogger , Mark 's contributions include Huffington Post , Bloomberg News , Switch and Shift , and Under30CEO .
Mark has been honored to be named to GenJuice 's list of “ Top 100 Most Desirable Mentors , ” HR Examiner 's “ Top 25 Trendspotters in HR ” and CareerBliss ' “ Top 10 Gen Y Career Experts. ” Mark is currently working on two new books : “ A World Gone Social : How Business Must Adapt to Survive ( AMACOM , June 2014 ) with Ted Coine and “ The Ultimate Guide to Internships ( And Making Your College Years Matter Again ) ” ( Allworth , September 2014 ) . Contact Mark via email or on Twitter !
Image courtesy of smartstudent.com.za… thank you !
We are once again waiting on more great episodes of Survivorman Bigfoot from Les Stroud .
The first two episodes of the show seemed to get a solid response even though many in and around the Bigfoot community are not fans of researcher Todd Standing . These upcoming episodes of the show do n't seem to include Standing and we are getting updates from Les from the field as they record them . Should be another very interesting series of episodes and we look forward to them . Here is an update posted by Les themselves on some of the happenings going on from Klemtu Lake near Klemtu in British Columbia , Canada .
“ Photo from Les of area at Klemtu Lake location ”
Report from the field on last night : it poured rain all night so not much happened ( i had a nice scotch and slept ) – however yesterday morning is another thing altogether – i paddled out first thing to meet with the team and get new batteries etc – when i got back two apples i had left out were missing – beside them – a ‘ footprint ' track ( like a human but not ) was in the sand and the very same print 40 yards away was another – now it also could 've been ravens taking the apples as well but in one night and morning to have a tree seemingly tossed out of the still woods – two apples taken and two barefoot footprints left behind is at least : interesting . perhaps the tree just rotted ( although it had the sound of being tossed ) and perhaps ravens or a small rodent took the apples – and perhaps the indentations in the sand are nothing more than coincidental indentations that look humanoid – I 'm open to all of that too – or – perhaps there are other explanations….I 'm just out now to recharge camera batteries – i have added two hanging salmon in the trees as well – I 'm headed back in in a couple hours for another night and to check out a couple caves – on another note – Klemtu is an ideal beautiful little village not eh coast – there is one place to stay : Spirit Bear Lodge – well worth the trip if you can come here some time as a tourist ! ….L
MotoGP riders line up at Old Melbourne Gaol today | MotoGP | Sport
( + ) / Print 18 October 2017 / Text Size ( - )
Pitstop in the slammer for two notorious MotoGP riders ahead of the Australian GP
Ahead of the Michelin Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix , Jack Miller ( EG 0,0 Marc VDS ) and Alex Rins ( Team Suzuki Ecstar ) faced a race against time to get to Phillip Island – locked up in Old Melbourne Gaol in the capital of Victoria and looking for a way out .
Media interest was high as the two were put behind bars in one of the most famous prisons in Australia , with the place once having housed the nation 's most notorious outlaw – Ned Kelly . With a Grand Prix to get to , the riders were quick to befriend a prison guard and begin plotting their escape .
Handed a book with a key to their cell concealed inside , Miller and Rins managed to sneak out and into a laundry cart ; then driven out of the jail grounds and into the street . After a quick costume change , the two jumped on their bikes and took off for Phillip Island .
John Hulsman
I have been fascinated by strategic simulations , or war games , since I was called upon to play them for various American diplomatic and intelligence services during my years in Washington . Games – if they are well enough designed to approximate reality and have good enough players – almost always get at hidden truths , and tend to grasp the essential . Of all the many forms of consulting my firm is involved in , I must confess that designing and playing war games for corporate clients is my favourite task .
True to form , last week 's Open Europe War Game , which I was delighted to moderate , revealed a great deal about the European elite . After eight exhausting hours of play under the television lights , masks had come off , as we were faced with the fascinating spectacle of weary European politicians telling the absolute truth , shorn of diplomatic niceties , regarding their genuine attitudes . These feelings , different from the questions that now dominate the British media 's coverage , will do much to determine the current negotiations between David Cameron 's government and Brussels , and all that follows .
The morning session , with the able Sir Malcolm Rifkind representing the UK , was professional , skillful , and reasonably good humoured . In it , the conceit was that Britain was in the process of negotiating a deal , ahead of the Brexit vote . Even given these good vibrations , the nine European players ( representing Sweden , the Netherlands , Germany , France , the EU institutions , Poland , Spain , Italy , and Ireland ) were surprisingly tone deaf about Prime Minister Cameron 's political needs , as despite their protestations of goodwill they proved intransigent over the specific reform questions .
The real break-through in policy terms ( as in the real world ) was some signs of flexibility on the Prime Minister 's demand that migrants be disallowed in-work benefits for four years , without this being fleshed out . My verdict , in line with Sir Malcolm 's view , was that this symbolised just a start , but a just-about acceptable one .
However , if the morning was a mixed bag , the afternoon was something entirely different . Lord Lamont was now playing a UK that had voted to leave , negotiating post-Brexit terms of co-existing . For all of us who have ever been through this sad process , when you break up with someone , you naively think you are done talking . Of course , the real negotiating has just begun , as you bicker endlessly , in an atmosphere of ill will , about who gets to keep the couch no one liked . And it is that ill will , the tendency of humans to let their feelings get in the way of reason , that was rightfully on full display in the afternoon .
The more intellectual aspect of this was the common European position that post-Brexit dealings with the UK must be made as difficult as possible . It was commonly agreed – to the surprise of Lord Lamont – that Britain must not be seen to prosper after the break-up as , if it were to do so , others would surely follow it out of the EU , which would be the end of the dream of all those European leaders present . For the European elite sees Brexit as about the future of Europe , far more than the future of Britain . As such , while there might be room for working together on military , intelligence , and strategic matters , there would be no deal whatsoever over the vital question of services , the mainstay of the UK economy .
That was the rational , if surprising , policy conclusion . However , the ill feeling went far deeper , following Lord Lamont 's entirely ( to Anglo-Saxon ears ) throwaway line about the euro having undoubtedly proven a disaster . For a minute , I thought all nine European players might well leap across the sturdy table that separated us , and throttle the startled British player themselves .
Entirely unwittingly , Lord Lamont had grabbed the European jugular ; they had called into question the European elite 's religious view that the EU is the future , whereas most of the rest of us look at it as the past . After years of negligible growth , and faced with two existential crises confronting it at the same time ( over the euro and refugees ) , it is factually easy to see why the British player said what they did . But facts alone do not rule the world . With their masks off , the project itself called into question , Europe 's leaders made it clear that they still yearn for and believe in a united , politically-intertwined Europe that simply will never successfully exist . To not believe this dogma is to be a heretic , and treated as such .
Food for thought , indeed .
Thanks to forum member CC Ricers for the news tip !
The holy grails of SFF video cards , low profile and single slot , has just had a few cards added to the ranks . This is great news , and I realllllly want to have these cards to play with .
XFX
XFX , an AMD partner , has launched three new products ;
a dual-slot and full profile Core Edition
a single-slot , full profile Core Edition
a dual-slot and low profile model
It 's these last two that excite me , low profile is my preferred form factor !
The ‘ Core Edition OC ' , a single slot , full profile model comes in both a 2GB and 4GB variant , with all other stats being the same .
GPU : Lexa PRO Base Clock : 1100 MHz Cores : 512 Boost Clocks : 1203 MHz ( +1.7 % ) TMUs : 32 Memory Clock : 7000 MHz ROPs : 16 Memory : 2 GB or 4GB GDDR5 128b
The ‘ Low Profile OC ' models are a dual slot , with dual slot stacked IO ( Ughhh ) , a pair of cards , with a 2GB and 4GB variant . As above , all other stats are the same between the two models .
GPU : Lexa PRO Base Clock : 1100 MHz Cores : 512 Boost Clocks : 1203 MHz ( +1.7 % ) TMUs : 32 Memory Clock : 7000 MHz ROPs : 16 Memory : 2 GB or 4GB GDDR5 128b
ASL
Not just a dodgy acronym from the early days of the internet , ASL is also a GPU maker that seems to sell mostly in the Asian market .
This true dual slot , single slot GTX 1050 Ti is an offering from ASL . Known as the ‘ GTX 1050 Ti Battle Flag ' ( wut .. ) , this card carries a small OC , and is only available in a 4GB variant . We have no word on availability for this card , but I have yet to see this brand on the ‘ western ' market .
GPU : GP107-400 Base Clock : 1293 MHz ( +0.2 % ) Cores : 768 Boost Clocks : 1392 MHz TMUs : 48 Memory Clock : 7000 MHz ROPs : 32 Memory : 4 GB GDDR5 128b
No word on availability on any of these cards yet , but they look to be ready for market , so I would suggest ‘ Soon™ ' .
Thoughts ? Leave them in the forum .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Feb. 2 , 2017 , 6:33 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 2 , 2017 , 6:34 PM GMT By Alex Seitz-Wald and Sam Petulla
They ca n't stop President Donald Trump 's nominees to the cabinet or Supreme Court , but Senate Democrats ' votes are being closely watched by members of both parties and will lay the foundation of their voting record under Trump .
There are 48 Democrats in the Senate , eight of whom are up for re-election next year in states that Trump won .
For lawmakers facing tough re-election fights , a vote for a nominee can be portrayed as a sign of independence from their party to the crossovers they 'll need to win . Not surprisingly , North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp and West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin have been some of the most reliable votes for Trump nominees .
But for Democrats eyeing a challenge to Trump in 2020 , a long string of votes against Trump 's nominees can be touted as evidence of their commitment to oppose the president from day one . New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , seen as a top-tier White House contender , has voted against all but one of their nominees .
For others , their votes are determined by the nominee and position in question . Across the board , however , Democrats seem to have stepped up their opposition to Trump and their nominees this week , as reflected in the growing number of “ nay ” votes .
NBC News will update this list as the Senate takes further confirmation votes .
- Advertisement -
When I entered my friend Jason 's house they were shouting into their telephone , “ Where 's my million dollars ? ”
There was a pause , after which Jason insisted , “ I want you to pay me the million dollars you promised me ! ” Their face was red and they were angry .
To my shock , my senior friend , in their youth a U.S. military intelligence officer , had been paying tens of thousands of dollars in “ processing fees ” to con artists that initially contacted them by mail with the “ good news ” of their fantastic winnings .
After they mailed them checks for a few dollars , they called them by phone and told them to wire hundreds , then thousands , of dollars , to win their million dollar prize , which they did . But the prize money never came .
- Advertisement -
Now the too trusting Jason was out tens of thousands of dollars , money they intended to leave to their children , leaving them confused and bewildered .
The Federal Trade Commission gets more than 10,000 consumer complaints annually about prize promotions . “ Most of those consumers received letters or phone calls that suggested they were major prize winners , but later discovered they had to make purchases or pay hefty fees to claim them , ” consumer reporter Asa Aarons wrote in the New York Daily News .
The U.S. Post Office warns that unscrupulous high pressure sales people “ armed with sophisticated selling techniques designed to get you to send them money ” are operating out of “ boiler rooms , ” and are out to defraud consumers .
- Advertisement -
In Jackson , Miss. , Guy Robinson , supervisor of the U.S . Postal Inspection Services , told The Clarion-Ledger of a Canadian-based scam that sent lottery numbers through the mail to senior citizens in exchange for money .
“ In a few weeks , someone notifies the person by phone and tells them that they have won millions of dollars in this lottery club and all they have to do is pay this specific amount to cover taxes and other expenses , ” Robinson said . “ They send their money in and receive nothing in return . This is a scam , and it 's illegal . ”
After contacting Jason 's ( not their real name ) son to alert them to their father 's plight , I began going through the scores of letters Jason received weekly . According to postal authorities , there is a veritable blizzard of such letters in the mail targeting the elderly . To my knowledge , none of the following named outfits are involved in the Jason swindle . Their pitches , though , typify the prize come-ons being commonly employed .
One letter titled “ Distribution Form 0110 ” came from Sterling , Gray & Associates , of P.O . 379047 , Las Vegas , 89137 . It began “ Congratulations ” and continued , “ you were confirmed by a data audit for receipt of a check issued in your name. ” This letter , from “ Payments Officer ” Marc Adams , informed Jason of a “ Maximum Award Opportunity ” of $ 798,497.18 and , oh , yes , requested an “ assessment & processing fee ” of $ 19.50 . The fine print below , however , indicated Jason 's payoff might be as little as 97 cents .
Another letter from the same outfit advised , “ we have the pleasure of announcing to you that there is a check for cash just waiting to be sent directly to you . We are so thrilled for you… ” This was signed by Michael Maldar of the “ Cash Claim Department ” and wanted another $ 23.99 processing fee.Not far from Sterling , Gray & Associates is “ Chase M. Enterprises , ” located at 10120 W. Flamingo Rd. , # 4 , Las Vegas , NV 89147 , which is not claiming to hand out $ 798,000 but merely $ 789,000 . It wants $ 23.47 returned in its pink envelope to the “ Office of the Prize Director . ”
Their letter says if Jason does n't respond “ within the allotted time frame ” they will lose out . The fine print says Jason 's check might be for just 92 cents . This solicitation sounds very much like the Sterling , Gray , etc. , request . And what do you know , operating out of the very same suite and street address as Sterling , Gray , etc. , is Kemper & Covington , which sent Jason an “ Authorized Check Transfer Form ” to release information details about $ 997,997.97 . It also said if they pay them $ 19.79 they can claim their “ guaranteed check ” but does not state how much it is for . One certainly gets the impression that Suite # 4 is a very crowded office .
- Advertisement -
Aggregate Merchants ( AM ) of 9030 W. Sahara Ave. , # 131 , Las Vegas , NV 89117 , wanted Jason to send their check for $ 19.98 to them in their return envelope marked “ Claim Document ” with the words “ Issue Check on Receipt. ” Their letter said cash to be released is $ 9,950 .
In another letter , AM 's Harold Jamesin sent Jason what appears to be a facsimile check for $ 458,389 which they were requested to sign . It is stamped “ Confirmed Winner Claim. ” Of course , it only resembles a check . Oh , yes , and to send $ 27.67 . And so it goes :
# Patrick McSorley of Premiere International , P.O . 95798 , Las Vegas , NV , 89193 , wants $ 24 in return for receiving “ full registry papers ” to allow Jason to enjoy “ unimpeded ” entry into sweepstakes in the amount of $ 1,150,000 .
Next Page 1 | 2
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
April 22 , 2016 , 8:47 PM GMT / Updated April 22 , 2016 , 8:47 PM GMT By The Associated Press
DETROIT — Fiat Chrysler is recalling more than 1.1 million cars and midsize SUVs worldwide because their gear shifters may confuse drivers and allow them to exit their vehicles without placing them in `` park . ''
The recall covers the 2012-2014 Dodge Charger and Chrysler 300 sedans and the 2014-2015 Jeep Grand Cherokee SUV . FCA is recalling 811,586 vehicles in the U.S. and 317,616 elsewhere .
An investigation by FCA and the U.S. government found that the electronic gear shifters in the vehicles were confusing and might lead people to believe that they were parked even if they were n't . FCA is aware of 41 injuries potentially related to the problem .
Owners will be notified . Dealers will update the transmissions so they wo n't move once the driver has exited . They will also add enhanced warning signals .
Sources close to the Labour MP and former work and pensions secretary Owen Smith have denied to the New Statesman that they are about to launch a bid for the Labour party leadership .
Earlier this week , following the former shadow cabinet member Angela Eagle MP 's challenge to Jeremy Corbyn , PoliticsHome reported exclusively that Smith is also planning to enter the contest :
`` A senior Labour source said Mr Smith will announce their candidacy this week , and could even do it after tomorrow 's meeting of the party 's ruling national executive committee . ''
But this story has been rejected by other insiders . PoliticsHome has not retracted its story , however , and the word around Westminster is that the `` ambitious '' Smith has been waiting to run in the circumstance that Corbyn is not automatically allowed back on the ballot .
Smith , who was first elected in 2010 , is regarded in some quarters as a better bet than Eagle against Corbyn , as they did not vote for the Iraq war or for air strikes in Syria . Eagle did both . Smith , who resigned from the shadow cabinet during the wave of resignations following Brexit , said last week in a statement that they were ready to do anything to `` save and serve '' the Labour party .
MADRID ( Reuters ) - The health of a Spanish nurse with Ebola worsened on Thursday and four other people were put into isolation in Madrid , while the government rejected claims that its methods for dealing with the disease were n't working , and blamed human error .
Teresa Romero Ramos , the Spanish nurse who contracted Ebola , is pictured with their dog Excalibur in this undated handout photo provided on October 8 , 2014 . REUTERS/Handout courtesy of Javier Limon
Teresa Romero , 44 , is the first person to have contracted Ebola outside of Africa , after becoming infected by one of two Spanish priests repatriated from Africa with the disease .
In total , eight people were in isolation in Madrid , though only Romero had tested positive for Ebola . The others included their husband , two doctors who cared for them and an emergency services worker who had direct contact with them
Three other people were released from the isolation unit on Wednesday after testing negative .
A health official at the Carlos III Hospital , where Romero was being treated , said their “ clinical situation has deteriorated ” , but at their request gave no further details .
The European Commission asked the Spanish government for an explanation of how Romero 's infection could have happened in a high-security ward .
Ruben Moreno , health spokesperson for the ruling People 's Party , said Romero had told another doctor at the hospital that they had touched their face with their protective gloves .
“ It 's obvious that the patient themselves has recognized that they did not strictly follow the protocol , ” they said in a television interview .
Health workers — whose unions have called for Health Minister Ana Mato to resign — said the training and protective suits provided to hospital staff had been inadequate .
One nurse who worked alongside Romero on the isolation ward while caring for the priests said the government was trying to avoid blame .
CARERS UNDER PRESSURE
“ We are really angry , ” Elena , who declined to give their second name , said outside the gates of the Carlos III Hospital . “ She is the victim , and they are criminalizing them as if they were the one responsible for all that has happened . ”
Another doctor , who cared for Romero and was among those now in isolation , said the sleeves on the protective suit they wore while handling them had been too short .
In a letter to healthcare authorities , published by national newspaper El Pais , the doctor detailed treating Romero while on a grueling 16-hour shift during which they were not told they had the Ebola virus . They said they only learned of this via the press .
The hospital cleared its fourth floor to accommodate around 10 workers caring for those in isolation on the sealed-off sixth floor .
A British man showing symptoms of the Ebola virus died on Thursday in Macedonia , where authorities sealed off their hotel , keeping another Briton and hotel staff inside .
Britain had earlier announced it would start screening passengers entering through London 's two main airports and the Eurostar rail link with Europe for possible Ebola infections .
The European Union is discussing the introduction of airport screening , something the U.S. government ordered at five major airports after the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States died on Wednesday .
Currently , passengers at airports in Africa must fill out questionnaires and be checked for high body temperature , one of the symptoms of infection .
The virus has killed nearly 4,000 people in West Africa since March in the largest outbreak on record . It causes hemorrhagic fever and is spread through direct contact with body fluids from an infected person .
The World Health Organization has said it sees no evidence of the disease being brought under control in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea .
SPAIN SHAKEN
News that Ebola has been passed on in Spain has shaken faith in the Spanish health system , which has suffered deep spending cuts as part of austerity measures .
Although there are no signs of panic in Madrid , one resident in the suburb where Romero lived said some people had canceled hospital appointments , and some parents had kept their children away from the nursery near the health center where they had first gone complaining of fever .
“ A lot of children did not turn up ... and some canceled hospital appointments as precaution , ” said Josefa Sierra , 67 , member of a neighbor 's association in the Madrid suburb of Alcorcon .
“ Of course people are talking of little else when you go to do the shopping at the supermarket , ” they said . “ But there 's no panic , no . It 's not as though people are staying at home . ”
Spanish Health Minister Ana Mato ( C ) attends a meeting with Madrid 's health authorities to discuss the sanitary control process surrounding a Spanish nurse infected with Ebola , at the health ministry in Madrid October 9 , 2014 . REUTERS/Andrea Comas
While newspapers run columns and diagrams on the life-cycle of the virus , Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has called for calm and said a major outbreak is extremely unlikely .
The investigation into how Romero contracted the disease continues . A spokesperson for the Madrid health department said the ambulance that collected Romero from their home , while disinfected between trips , went on to carry other patients to hospital without being taken out of circulation until they were known to have contracted Ebola .
Patients carried in the ambulance were unlikely to have caught the disease as they did not have direct contact with the nurse , but were being monitored , the spokesperson said . They could not say how many patients had traveled in the ambulance , although press reports put the number at seven .
The proposal to develop a 180 million tonnes per annum coal export facility at Dudgeon Point in Queensland has been cancelled .
Dudgeon Point is one of a number of multi-billion dollar Queensland coal export terminal proposals that have been relinquished over the last two years . This highlights the rapid deterioration in the global coal industry prospects , with key turning points this last month by China 's President Xi Jinping 's call for an “ energy revolution ” [ i ] and President Obama 's “ Clean Power Plan ” . [ ii ]
Corporates like Brookfield Infrastructure Group , with a proven history of maximising investor returns , are shelving unviable proposals and moving on .
Dudgeon Point is part of the Port of Hay Point , 25 km south of Mackay in Queensland . The proponent , North Queensland Bulk Ports Corporation Limited ( “ NQBP ” ) proposed a $ 10-12 billion port development involving two coal export terminals , six rail loops and train unloading facilities , plus a connection to Goonyella rail system .
With the thermal coal price down 50 % in 4 years to a new low of US $ 72/t in June 2014 , the market no longer needs the expanded infrastructure of massive greenfield projects like Dudgeon Point . An excess state of supply is being maintained due to long term take-or-pay contracts . Economic slowdowns in China and India means that this is compounded by weaker than expected demand .
The lapse of Brookfield and Adani 's Dudgeon Point proposals follows a series of coal export port expansion plans being abandoned over the last two years . These include :
In 2012 BHP indicated it would not proceed with its new coal export terminal plans at Abbot Point “ T2 ” ;
In May 2013 Glencore announced they had scrapped plans to build a 35Mtpa coal export facility at Balaclava Island , 40km North of Gladstone ;
Lend Lease 's decision in Feb'2014 to withdraw from the AP-X project ( a joint proposal with Aurizon ) ; and
In March 2014 Anglo American notified its intention to withdraw from the AP-X coal terminal development project at Abbot Point .
Despite this , the Queensland ports sector continues to suffer from excess capacity .
The Adani Group owned Abbot Point “ T1 ” is operating at less than 50 % utilisation , three years after Adani acquired this port lease from NQBP .
The greenfield Wiggins Island Coal Export Terminal ( “ WICET ” ) stage I of 27Mtpa capacity has delayed its commissioning till first quarter 2015 , a year behind schedule . The WICET Stage 2 expansion has been put on hold post Glencore 's cancellation of the Wandoan Project in September 2013 .
Clearly the world 's seaborne coal markets have entered a prolonged period oversupply . The key debate now is if this is going to be a prolonged cyclical downturn or in fact is the commencement of a structural decline in the seaborne traded coal market .
Australia remains at significant financial risk from the current government policy to encourage investment in fossil fuel developments . These long life mining and associated infrastructure projects are increasingly at risk of becoming “ stranded assets ” as the world transitions toward a lower carbon energy system .
Background on Dudgeon Point
Back in September 2011 the Initial Advice Statement that was released . This was followed on 21 June 2012 when NQBP released the terms of Reference for the proposed Environmental Impact Statement ( “ EIS ” ) . The Terms of Reference were valid for two years , but with the EIS not progressed , the proposal would have officially lapsed on 21 June 2014 .
While the lead project proponent was NQBP , there were two underlying proponents each looking to build a coal export terminal with a combined export capacity of up to 180 million tonnes per annum ( Mtpa ) of coal :
Adani Mining Pty Ltd ( Adani ) ; and
Dudgeon Point Project Management Pty Ltd ( DPPM ) , a subsidiary of the Brookfield Infrastructure Group , owner and operator of the 85Mtpa Dalrymple Bay Coal Terminal ( also at Hay Point ) .
The port is within the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area adjacent to the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park . This was problematic , given the associated proposal for dredging of 13–15 million cubic metres .
In June 2013 a year 's delay was announced for the Dudgeon Point proposal . At that time NQBP stated : “ New port facilities will only be constructed if there is sufficient customer export demand to justify the large expenditure required. ” [ iii ]
Neither Brookfield Infrastructure Group nor Adani Mining have progressed their EIS in the two years since the Terms of Reference were set . NQBP requested the Queensland Coordinator-General to cancel the project declaration on 20 June 2014 . [ iv ]
Tim Buckley is the Director of Energy Finance Studies , Australasia for the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis . They have 25 years of financial markets experience , including 17 years with Citigroup culminating in their role as Managing Director and Head of Australasian Equity Research .
[ i ] http : //www.businessspectator.com.au/article/2014/6/16/china/china-readies-energy-revolution ? utm_source=exact & utm_medium=email & utm_content=792325 & utm_campaign=pm & modapt=
[ ii ] http : //www.vox.com/2014/6/1/5770556/EPA-power-plant-rules-explainer
[ iii ] http : //www.dailymercury.com.au/news/dudgeon-point-coal-port-expansion-put-hold/1920750/
[ iv ] http : //www.nqbp.com.au/news-updates/
The White House has tapped former State Department adviser Victor Cha as the next U.S. ambassador to Korea , diplomatic sources said last week .
Cha is Korea chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and a professor at Georgetown University .
A senior State Department official confirmed the news , saying Cha is the most likely candidate for the post . But Cha said they have heard nothing officially from the White House , and understands that no decision has been made .
The post has been vacant since the last ambassador , Obama protégé Mark Lippert , left abruptly after the election of Donald Trump to the presidency . Deputy Chief of Mission Marc Knapper is working as chargé d'affaires .
Cha has also been mentioned as a candidate for assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs due to their experience as a former director for Asian affairs in the National Security Council under George W. Bush .
But Trump is having trouble filling senior posts in their erratic administration . Jon Huntsman , the former ambassador to China , has been selected as the new ambassador to Russia . They accepted the offer and already did the paperwork in April , but their nomination has not been made official yet .
Word is going round diplomatic circles in Washington that candidates have to pass a `` loyalty test '' to feed Trump 's ego , and several candidates have failed at this last hurdle .
Former Governor of Iowa Terry Branstad , who has known Chinese President Xi Jinping personally for 30 years , was confirmed by the Senate as the new ambassador to Beijing in May . And banker William Hagerty was confirmed as the new ambassador to Japan .
by
GALLEY Giveaway !
Legend has it that Paxon Leah is descended from the royals and warriors who once ruled the Highlands and waged war with magical weapon
GALLEY Giveaway !
Legend has it that Paxon Leah is descended from the royals and warriors who once ruled the Highlands and waged war with magical weapons . But those kings , queens , and heroes are long gone , and there is nothing enchanted about the antique sword that hangs above Paxon 's fireplace . Running their family 's modest shipping business , Paxon leads a quiet life—until extraordinary circumstances overturn their simple world . . . and rewrite their destiny .
When their brash young sister is abducted by a menacing stranger , Paxon races to their rescue with the only weapon they can find . And in a harrowing duel , they are stunned to discover powerful magic unleashed within him—and within their ancestors ' ancient blade . But their formidable new ability is dangerous in untrained hands , and Paxon must master it quickly because their nearly fatal clash with the dark sorcerer Arcannen wo n't be their last . Leaving behind home and hearth , they journey to the keep of the fabled Druid order to learn the secrets of magic and earn the right to become their sworn protector .
But treachery is afoot deep in the Druids ' ranks . And the blackest of sorcery is twisting a helpless innocent into a murderous agent of evil . To halt an insidious plot that threatens not only the Druid order but all the Four Lands , Paxon Leah must summon the profound magic in their blood and the legendary mettle of their elders in the battle fate has chosen them to fight .
Praise for Terry Brooks
“ The Sword of Shannara is an unforgettable and wildly entertaining epic , animated by Terry Brooks 's cosmically generative imagination and storytelling joy. ” —Karen Russell , New York Times bestselling author of Swamplandia !
“ If Tolkien is the grandfather of modern fantasy , Terry Brooks is its favorite uncle. ” —Peter V. Brett , New York Times bestselling author of The Desert Spear
“ I ca n't even begin to count how many of Terry Brooks 's books I 've read ( and reread ) over the years . From Shannara to Landover , their work was a huge part of my childhood. ” —Patrick Rothfuss , New York Times bestselling author of The Name of the Wind
“ Terry Brooks is a master of the craft and a trailblazer who established fantasy as a viable genre . They are required reading. ” —Brent Weeks , New York Times bestselling author of The Night Angel Trilogy
“ The Shannara books were among the first to really capture my imagination . My daydreams and therefore my stories will always owe a debt to Terry Brooks. ” —Brandon Mull , # 1 New York Times bestselling author of the Beyonders and Fablehaven series
The Associated Press
BEIJING -- A Chinese court has convicted a man of spying and sentenced them to 10 years in prison for leaking classified military documents to a foreign spy who also approached more than 50 other people around China , state media said Monday .
The official China Daily newspaper said on its website that the man stole secret military documents and transferred photographs and other useful information to the foreign party . It did not say to which foreign governments the information may have been transferred , and did n't cite sources for its report .
The China Daily and other official media identified the suspect by the surname Li . They said the recipient of the documents was named Feige , but gave no other information about the person .
The newspaper said Li also gathered information about military bases in the southern province of Guangdong , home to China 's southern fleet that oversees operations in the sensitive South China Sea . The report said Feige also contacted 12 other people in Guangdong , as well as 40 other people in the rest of China , but did n't specify whether those people had provided information .
Interest in the aims of China 's booming military spending has grown in recent years , particularly among officials in the U.S. , the region 's primary military power . Taiwan , which China has threatened to use force against to bring it under its control , and Japan are also close observers of China 's defence outlays .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said they had no information about the report . Such cases are usually handled in secret with little information released about them to the public .
While China 's military still lags far behind the U.S. in both funding and technology , its spending boom comes as American defence budgets are being slashed , leaving some nations to question Washington 's commitment to its Asian allies , including some which have lingering disputes with China .
President Barack Obama sought to reassure allies such as Japan and the Philippines during a swing through the region last week . Washington is attempting to maintain those relationships while also sustaining cordial ties with China , a key economic partner and rising regional power .
China 's official defence spending this year grew 12.2 per cent to $ 132 billion , continuing more than two decades of nearly unbroken double-digit percentage increases .
That has given China the second largest defence budget after the U.S. and has afforded it with the means to alter the balance of power in the Asia-Pacific . Outside observers put China 's actual defence spending significantly higher , although estimates vary widely .
With less than eight weeks until Election Day and pressure mounting for the candidates to give details about their health and medical histories , Donald J. Trump acknowledged on Wednesday that they were overweight and taking a cholesterol-fighting drug , and Hillary Clinton elaborated on the circumstances that led to their contracting pneumonia and the medicine they were taking to recover .
Mrs. Clinton 's doctor said they “ continues to improve ” after contracting a “ mild , noncontagious ” form of pneumonia diagnosed on Friday , two days before they grew dizzy and was seen losing their footing while leaving a ceremony for the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
In a letter released by the Clinton campaign , the physician , Dr. Lisa R. Bardack , said they had evaluated Mrs. Clinton several times since Sunday , including on Wednesday . “ She is recovering well with antibiotics and rest , ” Dr. Bardack said . “ She continues to remain healthy and fit to serve as president of the United States . ”
After Mrs. Clinton left Sunday 's Sept. 11 ceremony early , a spokesperson initially said only that they had felt overheated . But after video shot by an onlooker showed Secret Service agents helping a wobbly Mrs. Clinton into a van , their campaign released a statement from Dr. Bardack saying that Mrs. Clinton had pneumonia .
Image caption Mark Hurd said it would be `` difficult to continue ''
Mark Hurd has resigned as boss of computer giant Hewlett-Packard ( HP ) following a sexual harassment probe , the company says .
Mr Hurd stepped down from their positions as president and CEO after an investigation into claims made against them by a former HP contractor .
The company said its sexual harassment policy had not been violated but its standards of business conduct were .
HP has named chief financial officer Cathie Lesjak as its interim CEO .
'Painful decision '
The company said : `` Chief executive officer and president Mark Hurd has decided with the board of directors to resign their positions effective immediately . ''
In a statement , Mr Hurd said they `` realised there were instances in which I did not live up to the standards and principles of trust , respect and integrity that I have espoused at HP '' .
They said : `` This is a painful decision for me to make after five years at HP , but I believe it would be difficult for me to continue as an effective leader at HP and I believe this is the only decision the board and I could make at this time . ''
Ms Lesjak , who has been at HP for 24 years , will continue to act as chief financial officer while the company 's board committee searches for a new CEO .
The departure of Mr Hurd is likely to come as a shock to investors , who have credited them with reviving HP 's fortunes since taking over as boss five years ago .
Their strategy of drastically cutting costs , and thousands of jobs , allowed HP to overtake Dell as the biggest manufacturer of PCs in the world in 2006 .
On Friday HP issued preliminary results for the third quarter slightly above expectations .
Intellectual Ventures , the world 's most notorious patent troll company , has laid off 19 % of its workforce .
The company has built up a massive number of patents over the course of its 14-year history , becoming one of the largest patent holders in the world . But instead of making products with those patents , it sells and licenses them to other companies or uses them to sue firms that it claims infringe on those ideas .
Founded by former Microsoft ( MSFT ) executives Nathan Myhrvold and Edward Jung , Intellectual Ventures hires some of the world 's leading thinkers and inventors . The company holds patents in the health care , transportation , communications and energy fields .
But the company has apparently come under hard times lately . It laid off 5 % of its staff in February , prior to the latest round of cuts announced Tuesday . The layoffs were first reported by Bloomberg Businessweek , which numbered the job cuts at 140 .
Related : Patent troll says ' I 'm ethical and moral '
`` We are making operational changes that are consistent with this reduction and will enable us to maintain and expand our leadership in the market for invention , '' a company spokesperson said . `` Our assets -- both people and intellectual property -- are among the best in the industry . ''
The cuts , according to Bloomberg , are partially due to Big Tech companies ' refusal to do business with Intellectual Ventures . Google ( GOOGL ) , Oracle ( ORCL ) and Hewlett-Packard ( HPQ ) are pushing back against or refusing to invest in an Intellectual Ventures fund that gives payers access and protection from its pool of patents . Bloomberg also reported that some recent Intellectual Ventures lawsuits have n't gone as smoothly as the company had hoped .
We have been going through deviantART for some cartoon characters , character design and illustration inspiration and found an interesting profile of hugary based artist , Tamar Gaspar .
Tamas Gaspar is an illustrator who got wonderful style of work , full of details . They make really unique illustrations and artworks . In this post we have collected fantastic character design and illustration they did for Nadirim . Do n't forget to check out their portfolio here .
Name and Portfolio link in the comments below . Honestly we would love to hear from you . Mostly we feature the work of great designers and artists here . If you think your work should also be featured , kindly send as a note through contact page or you can leave yourandlink in the comments below . Honestly we would love to hear from you .
Nadirim is a free-to-play , browser-based , MMO ( Massively Multiplayer Online ) , role playing game developed by Digital Reality and published by Twisted Tribe . It 's placed in a fantasy world inspired by the tales of the Arabian Nights .
Djinn and Headhunter – Game Character Design
Vulture and Militant – Game Character Design
Assasin and Bounty Hunter – Game Character Design
Keeper and Gladiator – Game Character Design
Heartbleed , a long-undiscovered bug in cryptographic software called OpenSSL that secures Web communications , may have left roughly two-thirds of the Web vulnerable to eavesdropping for the past two years . Heartbleed is n't your garden-variety vulnerability , so here 's a quick guide to what it is , why it 's so serious , and what you can do to keep your data safe .
What 's Heartbleed ?
The short version is that it 's a vulnerability in the way your browser talks to a website over an encrypted channel . An attacker could theoretically take advantage of the bug to unravel the secure channels used by banks , e-commerce sites and other sensitive locations to steal passwords and other sensitive information .
The slightly longer version is that Heartbleed is a flaw in the OpenSSL implementation of the basic cryptographic protocol that secures Web communications , known as SSL .
What 's SSL ?
It stands for Secure Socket Layer , a cryptographic protocol that puts the S in “ https ” —the prefix you see on Web addresses when they 're using a secure , encrypted connection . SSL basically ensures that no one can eavesdrop while you 're banking , shopping or doing anything else .
What 's OpenSSL ?
OpenSSL is an open-source implementation of SSL and its successor protocol , TLS ( which stands for Transport Security Layer ) . It 's the default cryptographic library in the Apache and nginx Web servers , which together powered almost exactly two-thirds of all active websites as of April , according to Netcraft data ( h/t Ars Technica ) . That means OpenSSL is used to protect sensitive Web communications across a vast swathe of the Internet .
Let 's Go Back To Heartbleed . What Exactly Does It Do ?
Officially known as CVE-2014-0160 , Heartbleed is a recently discovered bug in OpenSSL that could allow an attack to read information off a Web server even though it 's supposed to be secured against intrusion . The bug affects an OpenSSL extension known as “ heartbeat , ” which makes it possible to keep a secure communication channel open without re-negotiating security protocols over and over again .
In effect , the bug allows a malicious user to request data from a Web server 's memory—data that could include the site 's SSL encryption keys , user passwords and other sensitive information . According to Heartbleed , a website established by researchers at Codenomicon who identified the bug ( as did a Google engineer ) :
The Heartbleed bug allows anyone on the Internet to read the memory of the systems protected by the vulnerable versions of the OpenSSL software . This compromises the secret keys used to identify the service providers and to encrypt the traffic , the names and passwords of the users and the actual content . This allows attackers to eavesdrop on communications , steal data directly from the services and users and to impersonate services and users .
Why Is HeartBleed So Serious ?
There are several reasons . The first , and most obvious , is that Web servers may leak sensitive data as a result of the vulnerability . The Heartbleed bug lets an attack force a server to cough up the contents of its active memory ( albeit in 64KB chunks ) . Depending on what the server happens to be doing , its memory may contain usernames , passwords or credit card numbers .
Heartbleed also lets attackers obtain the server 's secret keys—cryptographic measures that are supposed to ensure only an owner can access sensitive data—in order to impersonate servers and decrypt their communications .
What 's more , the site explains , is that it 's disturbingly difficult to tell if somebody exploits it . That means victims may have no way to tell if they 've been , well , victimized .
Finally , the Heartbleed bug has been in the wild since late 2013 . That 's a lot of potential exploitation , should any bad guys have stumbled across it in that time . Even worse , if anyone recorded encrypted traffic over that time and extracted a server 's encryption keys , they can go back and decrypt past communications at their leisure .
Sites that use perfect forward secrecy , like Gmail , should be protected from retrospective decryption . Unfortunately , perfect forward secrecy is n't widely used across the Web .
Can I Tell If My Site Has Been Exploited Via Heartbleed ?
No . However , you can test your site to see if it 's vulnerable .
What Can I Do To Protect My Site ?
If your site turns out to be vulnerable , OpenSSL recommends that you upgrade to OpenSSL version 1.0.1g , which patches the Heartbleed vulnerability . If you ca n't upgrade for some reason , you can disable OpenSSL heartbeat support for a quick fix .
Even if you patch the bug , however , it 's impossible to tell if an attack took place in the past .
What Can I Do To Protect Myself As An Internet User ?
Now is a very good time to change your passwords . But note that , if the site has been affected and has n't yet addressed the security hole , that new login may not be secure . In other words , you may have to change it again , once the site updates its servers .
Even if you do n't think you were affected , it 's possible that sites you regularly use—like Yahoo—might have been . Ronald Prins of security firm Fox-IT tweeted that they used the Heartbleed vulnerability to find a Yahoo username and password , and provided proof on their blog . However , Yahoo has apparently patched its servers , as a Heartbleed vulnerability test for Yahoo.com has shown up clean since 4 PM Eastern .
Has Anyone Exploited The Heartbleed Vulnerability Yet ?
We do n't know . Security researchers who study the bug have noted that when they exploit it , nothing unusual shows up on the logs . So if bad actors have used it for attacks , we ca n't tell .
Logo via Codenomicon
Updated to adjust advice . Users hoping to secure their logins may be tempted to change their passwords . But if the site has n't yet secured its server , that new login may be vulnerable as well , requiring yet another password change . ( Thank you , @ RichardNixon ! )
Donald Glover 's FX series “ Atlanta ” and Beyonce 's visual album “ Lemonade ” were among the seven entertainment winners announced Thursday by the Peabody Awards board of jurors .
Both projects were among the 60 previously announced finalists for the prestigious award , which are meant to represent the most compelling and empowering stories released in electronic media during 2016 .
Peabody Award winners and finalists will be celebrated at a gala event on May 20 in New York . The event will be taped for a television special to air on both PBS and Fusion networks on June 2 at 9 p.m/8c . Rashida Jones , a previous Peabody winner for “ Parks and Recreation ” and current star of “ Angie Tribeca , ” will serve as host .
Documentary winners were announced on Tuesday . Winners in News , Radio/Podcast , Children 's Programming , Education , and Public Service will be revealed on April 25 .
Read the full list of Entertainment winners below with descriptions by the board of jurors .
“ Atlanta ”
FX Productions ( FX Networks )
Donald Glover 's enchanting series on the struggles of two young black men trying to make it in Atlanta 's rap scene blends vibrant character study and rich socio-political commentary in delivering a detailed and textured exploration of a Southern city .
Related ‘ O.J . : Made in America , ' '13th , ' ‘ Frontline ' Episodes Among Peabody Documentary Winners
“ Better Things ”
FX Productions ( FX Networks )
Co-created by Pamela Adlon and Louis C.K. , the result of this searingly funny and beautiful show is an at-times raw examination of the vicissitudes of working motherhood , crackling with feminist verve and energy , that consistently cuts new ground .
“ Happy Valley ”
BBC One ( BBC One , Netflix )
A fresh take on the British crime drama that deals boldly and unflinchingly with the darkest human behavior while keeping its heart and even a tart sense of humor . Series creator Sally Wainwright has given us perhaps the greatest female lead on television today in Catherine Cawood , played by Sarah Lancashire in a stunning performance .
“ Horace and Pete ”
Pig Newton , Inc. ( louisck.net )
A true original that melds contemporary politics and serialized storytelling with a throwback approach , “ Horace and Pete ” is a truly independent and groundbreaking demonstration of how quality television is expertly produced for the new media environment , all the while building upon decades of artistry and craft .
“ Lemonade ”
HBO Entertainment in association with Parkwood Entertainment ( HBO )
“ Lemonade ” draws from the prolific literary , musical , cinematic , and aesthetic sensibilities of black cultural producers to create a rich tapestry of poetic innovation . The audacity of its reach and fierceness of its vision challenges our cultural imagination , while crafting a stunning and sublime masterpiece about the lives of women of color and the bonds of friendship seldom seen or heard in American popular culture .
“ National Treasure ”
The Forge ( Channel 4/Hulu )
A dark and timely examination of sexual abuse at the hands of privileged celebrity , “ National Treasure ” is an engrossing series that explores the loyalty of family and friends during crisis , the impact of sexual abuse on victims , and the legal system itself . As in real life , there 's no neat ending in this dramatic rendering of one man 's choices and the collateral damage they create .
“ VEEP ”
HBO Entertainment ( HBO )
A rare show blessed with a perfectly cast ensemble , including the comedic genius of Julia Louis-Dreyfus , VEEP is a workplace comedy that not only captures the zeitgeist of the current bizarre political moment but transcends its own form to deliver a sobering message , with sharp dialogue , street savvy—and lots of laughs .
On Monday , 30 large corporations and their trade associations sent a letter to the House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee concluding with the following request :
As business leaders , we consider comprehensive tax reform with a significant corporate tax rate reduction to be a top priority for our companies and our country . Your efforts to date have made tax reform in 2013 a possibility . We stand ready to support you in making it a reality .
Those who , like these corporations , support a cut in the corporate tax rate say that it is among the developed world 's highest . Indeed , on paper , the rate is 35 percent . But almost no corporations pay that rate , because they make use of deductions and loopholes to keep their taxes super low — or , in some cases , get more back from the Treasury than they give to it .
As an example , let 's look at the rates paid by some of the corporations who authored this letter :
These are just a few examples of these corporations already shirking their tax responsibilities — and actually getting a net benefit from the Treasury . It is unlikely that Americans will want to reduce their taxes further .
Follow BoldProgressives on Twitter .
The BJP 's surge in Assam is set to receive a shot in the ar m with nine rebel Congress legislators formally joining it on Friday even as the ruling party stepped up its efforts to contain the damage ahead of the assembly elections in March-April next year .
Realising the urgency to minimise the impact of rebellion in its ranks triggered by the exit of senior leader Himanta Biswa Sarma , Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi recently summoned chief minister Tarun Gogoi and state chief Anjan Datta to Delhi to review the poll preparations . The nine rebel MLAs include former state Youth Congress president Piyush Hazarika .
The Congress leaders gave a final shape to a strategy to counter not only 15 years of antiincumbency but also the “ saffron surge ” that began with the 2014 Lok Sabha elections . The BJP had then bagged seven out of the 14 seats with the Congress and the India United Democratic Front ( AIUDF ) of Badruddin Ajmal winning three each .
The Congress had announced all the election-related panels in September , months ahead of the polls . In the past , the party would set up these near the election time . “ The idea is to seize the first mover advantage , ” said a senior central functionary . Gandhi also told the state leaders that they would open their Assam campaign with two public meetings after Diwali .
Desperate to retain power , Gogoi did not rule out an alliance with AIUDF that they had once dubbed as a “ communal ” party . They suggested that the Congress is open to having a tie-up with all anti-BJP forces . In its poll panels , the Congress has given representation to all sections . Former Union minister Paban Singh Ghatowar , a tea community leader , is heading the all-important campaign committee .
( With inputs from Digambar Patowary in Guwahati )
First Published : Nov 06 , 2015 08:07 IST
The March issue of Shueisha 's shōjo manga magazine Bessatsu Margaret is announcing on Friday that manga creator Io Sakisaka will launch a new series in the July issue on June 13 . Shueisha will also publish an illustration collection for Sakisaka on May 25 , the same day that their 13th Blue Spring Ride ( Ao Haru Ride ) manga volume ships in Japan . The illustration collection will feature art from Blue Spring Ride as well as their manga Strobe Edge .
Sakisaka serialized their `` traditional school romance '' Strobe Edge in Bessatsu Margaret from 2007 to 2009 . Viz Media published the 10th and final volume of the manga in North America in May . The manga is inspiring a live-action film , starring Sōta Fukushi and Kasumi Arimura , that will open in March 14 .
Sakisaka is ending their romance manga Blue Spring Ride in Bessatsu Margaret on Friday . That manga inspired a television anime last year , a live-action film in December , and an original anime DVD in December . Crunchyroll streamed the television anime as it aired in Japan .
Update : Typo fixed . Thanks , Ali07
Has Chinese President Xi Jinping managed to assert full civilian control over the People 's Liberation Army through purges of generals and admirals and other reform-related actions ? China 's secretive and opaque political system makes it hard to get a clear picture . Yet recent developments suggest Xi is still struggling to keep the PLA in line .
Take the recent troop standoff with India that raised the specter of a Himalayan war , with China threatening reprisals if New Delhi did not unconditionally withdraw its forces from a small Bhutanese plateau that Beijing claims is Chinese territory “ since ancient times. ” After 10 weeks , the faceoff on the Doklam Plateau dramatically ended with both sides pulling back troops and equipment from the site on the same day , signaling that Beijing , not New Delhi , had blinked .
The mutual-withdrawal deal was struck just after Xi replaced the chief of the PLA 's Joint Staff Department . This topmost position — equivalent to the chairperson of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff — was created only last year as part of Xi 's military reforms to turn the PLA into a force “ able to fight and win wars. ” The Joint Staff Department is in charge of PLA 's operations , intelligence and training .
In mid-June , India 's close ally , the tiny Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan , discovered PLA crews working to build a road through Doklam , prompting New Delhi to dispatch troops and equipment to halt the construction of the road that was to overlook the trijunction where Tibet , Bhutan and the Indian state of Sikkim meet .
In seeking to use road construction to change the status quo in a disputed Himalayan territory , the PLA , in a strategic miscalculation , anticipated Bhutan 's diplomatic protest but not India 's rapid military intervention . With the attempted land grab also threatening Indian security , New Delhi was quick to turn Bhutan 's call for help into India 's own fight .
To be sure , this was not the first time the PLA 's belligerent actions in the Himalayas imposed diplomatic costs on China . A classic case was what happened when Xi went to India for a state visit in September 2014 . Xi arrived on Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's birthday with a strange gift for their host — a predawn Chinese military encroachment that day deep into India 's northern region of Ladakh . The encroachment , the worst in many years in terms of the number of intruding troops , overshadowed Xi 's visit .
It appeared bizarre that the military of an important power would seek to mar in this manner the visit of its own head of state to a key neighboring country .
Yet Chinese Premier Li Keqiang 's earlier visit to New Delhi in 2013 was similarly preceded by a 19-km PLA incursion into another part of Ladakh that lasted three weeks . The encroachment was seemingly intended to convey anger over India 's belated efforts to fortify its border defenses .
Such provocations might suggest that they are intentional , with the Chinese government in the know , thus reflecting a preference for blending soft and hard tactics . But it is also possible that the provocations — at least their timing and duration — underscore the continuing “ disconnect between the military and the civilian leadership ” in China that then-U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates warned about in 2011 .
During their 2014 India trip , Xi appeared embarrassed by the accompanying PLA encroachment that cast a pall over their visit . They assured Modi that they would sort it out upon theirs return .
Soon after they returned , the Chinese defense ministry quoted Xi as telling a closed-door meeting with PLA commanders that “ all PLA forces should follow the president 's instructions ” and that the military must display “ absolute loyalty and firm faith in the Communist Party , guarantee a smooth chain of command , and make sure all decisions from the central leadership are fully implemented . ”
Just weeks later , Xi again asked for the PLA 's full loyalty to the party , telling a military-political conference in Fujian that “ the Communist Party commands the gun . ”
Recently Xi conveyed that same message yet again when they addressed a parade marking the 90th anniversary of the PLA 's creation on Aug. 1 , 1927 . Donning military fatigues , Xi exhorted members of their 2.3 million-strong armed forces to “ unswervingly follow the absolute leadership of the party . ”
Had civilian control of the PLA been working well , would Xi repeatedly be demanding “ absolute loyalty ” from the military or asking it to “ follow theirs instructions ” ?
With its one-party dictatorship placing the Communist Party above the state , China does not have a national army ; rather the party has an army . So the PLA has traditionally sworn fealty to the party , not the nation .
Under Xi 's two immediate predecessors , Hu Jintao and Jiang Zemin , the PLA gradually became stronger at the expense of the party . The military 's rising clout has troubled Xi because it hampers their ambition to become China 's most powerful leader since Mao Zedong . Xi 's present wife — folk singer Peng Liyuan — is actually a civilian member of the PLA , holding a rank equivalent to major general .
As part of their effort to reassert party control over the military and carry out defense reforms , Xi has used their anti-corruption campaign to ensnare a number of top PLA officers . They have also cut the size of the ground force and established a new command-and-control structure .
But just as a dog 's tail can not be straightened , asserting full civilian control over a politically ascendant PLA is proving unachievable . After all , the party is ideologically bankrupt and morally adrift , and depends on the PLA to ensure domestic order and sustain its own political monopoly . The regime 's legitimacy increasingly relies on an appeal to nationalism . But the PLA , with its soaring budgets and expanding role to safeguard China 's overseas interests , sees itself as the ultimate arbiter of nationalism .
To make matters worse , Xi has made many enemies at home in their ruthless effort to concentrate power in himself , including through corruption purges . It is not known whether the PLA 's upper echelon respects them to the extent to be fully guided by their instructions .
The PLA and the government appeared to be on the same page during the Doklam standoff , with the Chinese foreign and defense ministries and other state organs keeping up a barrage of threats and vitriol against India . But no sooner had Xi fired the chief of the Joint Staff Department , Gen. Fang Fenghui , then a deal with India was clinched . This suggested that the topmost general was resisting ending the standoff .
Fang was fired just days after they hosted America 's highest-ranking military officer , Gen. Joseph Dunford , chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Fang was replaced by Gen.Li Zuocheng , considered a “ war hero ” for their combat role in the 1979 Chinese invasion of Vietnam , although China received a bloody nose from the more battle-hardened Vietnamese .
Xi 's military purges have been designed to consolidate their authority over the PLA and ensure that it does not blindside the government with actions or statements . But as Fang 's firing and other latest changes in the PLA leadership signal , Xi is still working to bring the military fully under their control .
More fundamentally , the PLA 's growing power is redolent of what happened in Imperial Japan , which rose dramatically as a world power in one generation after the 1868 Meiji Restoration . Boosted by war victories against Manchu-ruled China and czarist Russia , the Japanese military acquired political clout and gradually went on to dictate terms to the civilian government , as the 1931 Manchurian Incident first highlighted . This opened the path to aggression and conquest in Asia , with tragic consequences for Japan and the region .
In the past decade , the PLA 's increasing clout has led China to stake out a more muscular role . This includes resurrecting territorial and maritime disputes , asserting new sovereignty claims , and using construction activity to change the status quo . It wo n't be long before the PLA rekindles Himalayan tensions with a major new encroachment .
China 's cut-throat internal politics and troublesome civil-military relations clearly have a bearing on its external policy . The risks of China 's rise as a praetorian state are real and carry major implications for neighboring countries .
Brahma Chellaney is a geostrategist .
LONDON ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - With 45 percent of senior management positions held by women , Russia has once again topped a ranking of countries with the highest percentage of women in senior business roles , followed by the Philippines and Lithuania , a report published on Tuesday said .
Japan , where only 7 percent of senior leadership roles are held by women , remained at the bottom of the list . Germany and India ranked slightly higher , with 15 percent and 16 percent of women in senior management , respectively .
Globally , only a quarter of senior management positions are held by women , up from 22 percent a year before , according to “ Women in Business ” published by the U.S.-based audit and tax firm Grant Thornton .
The number of businesses with no women in senior management has increased to 33 percent from 32 percent in 2015 , the report , which surveyed 5,520 businesses in 36 countries , said .
“ Companies across developed nations have talked the talk on diversity in leadership for long enough , ” Francesca Lagerberg , global leader for tax services at Grant Thornton International said in a statement .
“ It 's time to put their promises into practice and deliver results . ”
With more than a third of senior roles in the region held by women , eastern European countries , among them Estonia , Latvia and Poland , topped the diversity rankings .
Meanwhile , 39 percent of businesses in G7 countries ( Canada , Germany , Italy , France , Japan , Britain and the United States ) had no women in senior management positions .
“ Despite considerable efforts by governments and campaigners across the world 's best-developed economies to ensure best practice they continue to lag behind emerging markets in ( the diversity ) area , ” Lagerberg said .
“ This poor performance seems to be at least partly a result of entrenched societal norms . In the UK and US in particular , there are still plentiful examples of a ‘ command and control ' approach to leadership which is not necessarily attractive to women . ”
Eastern European countries owed some of their diversity to the legacy of the communism and its principles on equality , the report said .
If the video below is to be believed , we may be about to see another Catholic abuse scandal breaking . The allegations involve a child prostitution ring connected to the Vatican . According to VaticanCrimes.com , a priest themselves convicted of sexual abuse , has blown the whistle on approximately 20 others who are currently being investigated by Italian authorities . The allegations include reports that Catholic clergy hired underage `` rent-boys '' for sex on church premises.Since I have never heard of ChurchMilitant.tv ( formerly RealCatholic TV ) , I did a bit of research in an attempt to assess its credibility on this story . What I learned what that it is a project of , an American Roman Catholic apologist . Not only is Voris a popular Catholic apologist , but they have been described as a `` Catholic fundamentalist '' by some and criticized by the Church for their criticism of leadership . Voris seems to be one of those rare sorts who is both an apologist and a critic at the same time . Whether this makes them more or less credible is unclear.I should note that the sourcing on the allegations is not limited to ChurchMilitant.tv . VaticanCrimes.com has provided multiple sources which appear to confirm the allegations mentioned in the video . While most are not written in English , some have been translated or can be read with the assistance of Google Translate ( see New Vatican prelates accused of pedophilia and Vatican faces 'revenge ' rent-boy scandal ) . Thus , it appears that the information in the video is backed up by at least some print media.It will be interesting to see if this story is picked up or simply ignored by the mainstream news media in the U.S.It sounds like Patrizio Poggi has been arrested for alleged slander , as prosecutors suspect they may have fabricated their accusations .
Microsoft is set to begin the rollout of Windows 10 on July 29 . As the final version of Windows , the Redmond-based company is moving away from big releases and will instead issue incremental updates to keep the OS up to speed .
Automatic updates are n't anything new in Windows but if you 're planning to purchase or otherwise upgrade to Windows 10 Home edition , you need to know that Microsoft will install updates and new features automatically whether you like it or not .
In the final version of Windows 10 that was distributed to beta testers this week , Microsoft added a small clause to its end user license agreement ( EULA ) which states that users will receive automatic updates without any additional notice . In other words , the updates will be mandatory ( unless you disconnect from the Internet , I suppose ) .
It 's a bold move , one that some will not doubt view as a double-edged sword .
Having the latest security patches and features installed seems like a noble because that would protect users from various vulnerabilities . If you 've ever had to work on a friend or family member 's computer because they contracted something from not having the latest security updates , you can certainly relate .
Yet at the same time , it 's not uncommon for a particular Windows update to cause more harm than good . Whether a patch is incompatible with specific hardware , installs unwanted drivers or is downright buggy , Windows updates have been known to cause all sorts of trouble for end users . What 's more , the automatic downloads could be an issue for those on tight bandwidth caps .
What do you think about this policy ? Is Microsoft doing the right thing by making updates mandatory or will it ultimately cause more harm than good ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below .
Hello Tesla Effect backers and followers ,
As you are aware : there are currently two outstanding backer reward items from the Project Fedora / Tesla Effect campaign :
“ The Making of Tex Murphy ” documentary
Radio Theater Episodes
In this update , we have exciting news regarding both of these items !
“ The Making of Tex Murphy ” documentary
Get a never before seen detailed insight into the history of the longest running PC adventure game franchise of all time . Learn where it all began : from humble beginnings though long-lasting friendships and professional relationships . See Tex Murphy 's birth on home video and quirky short films to their rebirth on the PC screen and beyond . Explore the challenges that came with producing some of the most innovative game titles of their time , all the way through to Tesla Effect and the new era of Adventure .
This professional documentary covers everything you wanted to know about Tex Murphy over the course of 45 minutes . We are extremely proud of its production and ca n't wait to share it with you !
The documentary will be for everyone !
Originally the documentary was going to accompany the “ Soundtrack ” and “ High Resolution Poster ” incentives ( both already delivered to backers ) for the $ 30 reward tier . It still is , but we believe the documentary is so good that it should be shared with the rest of the world ! With this in mind , we are going to make it available to everyone by publishing it on Big Finish Games ' YouTube channel after a special online premiere event !
However , as a special thanks to those who donated for this particular tier , you will get a download link to a higher-resolution full HD version to download and keep ! In addition to this , we will be immortalizing you with a special mention in the credits of the documentary .
Documentary party / premiere event !
Documentary party / premiere event ! To celebrate the release of the documentary , we will be hosting a LIVE STREAM premiere on Twitch . There , you will have the opportunity to watch the video before it is released and share your thoughts in a live chat . After the stream is over , we will announce where you can find the video online , and the download link for the high resolution version will be activated for all eligible backers .
The premiere live stream party will be held on Saturday December 2nd at 1pm MST ( 8pm UTC/GMT , 3pm EST , 12pm PST , 9pm CET - all times are still Saturday December 2nd ) , and will be streamed at : twitch.tv/ChronoWolfLive – be sure to sign up to Twitch ( if you do n't already have an account ) and follow the above channel to be notified of when the stream goes live ! You must have a Twitch account to participate in the live chat . A VOD ( Video On Demand ) version will be recorded to the Twitch channel to watch later for those who can not make it to the live event .
The Documentary screening will be followed by a special live event . Keep reading to find out more .
Radio Theater Episodes
The radio theater episodes have definitely been one of the most challenging rewards to deliver due to the sheer undertaking they would require . Producing 6 episodes complete with multiple actors , sound and music is no small feat , and we apologize for not having the time to commit to this project .
There is also another very good reason for the delay ...
Originally , when the radio theater episodes were written ( during the production of Tesla Effect ) it was assumed that Tesla Effect * may * be the last Tex Murphy game . As a result , Aaron 's scripts for the radio theater provided a much more “ conclusive ” approach . However , in light of recent internal developments it 's now likely that the Tex Murphy series will continue with more games .
This unfortunately renders the existing scripts for the radio theater obsolete . Rather than rewrite all-new episodes , Aaron has decided to focus their efforts on integrating updated content into an all-new novel that will help bridge the gap between Overseer and Tesla Effect .
We can not provide any hard dates as to when this novel will be completed , but rest assured the story that would have featured in the radio theater is going to play a role in a much bigger exploration of the Tex Murphy universe with this new novel !
To help compensate backers for not doing the Radio Theater , Aaron Conners has offered to give eligible backers the first section of their novel for free . This will be available within the next several months .
Get ready for some really exciting news !
The Tex Murphy saga has spanned almost 30 years , but is by no means over . Amazing things are currently happening behind the scenes to bring this series to its well-deserved climax .
We will be making some big announcements at the end of the Making of Tex Murphy Documentary Premiere streaming event . The post-documentary show will be a live stream with Aaron Conners and an all-new development team ‘ Chaotic Fusion ' . We encourage all interested backers , fans and players to stick around after the screening of the documentary so you can learn all the details and ask your questions !
Thank you for being the greatest game community on the planet !
We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our Tesla Effect backers for their continued support and patience . We are proud of what we were able to deliver to fans , humbled by the amazing response you have given us over the years , and are excited about the future .
Thank you ,
Big Finish Games
Ahead of a final decision on the Keystone XL pipeline , families directly impacted by the tar sands pipeline spill in Mayflower , Kansas in March traveled to Washington , DC this week to deliver an invitation and a message to Secretary of State John Kerry .
The invitation : Bring your staff and come see the destruction of our community for yourself .
Their message : Together with President Obama , reject the Keystone XL pipeline and save others from experiencing a similar , or an even larger , disaster .
`` Before you issue your final evaluation of Keystone XL , we ask that you and your staff come to Mayflower to see what happens when a tar sands pipeline ruptures in your backyard , '' the families wrote in a letter that several Mayflower representatives hand-delivered in Washington , DC . `` We ask that you observe the remnants of black tar , smell the toxic chemicals that are polluting our air , and ask yourselves whether you can in good conscience inflict this same devastation on families along Keystone XL 's route . ''
The Pegasus pipeline in Mayflower ruptured on March 29 , and a `` 22 foot gash '' spilled more than 5,000 gallons of tar sands oil into the local watershed and flooded people 's backyards with heavy crude that was literally running in the streets . The cleanup effort in Mayflower continues with many residents complaining of ongoing air-quality problems and health concerns .
Genieve Long and Damien Byers , members of the Remember Mayflower Coalition , were two of the family members who made the trip to Washington to present the letter to Kerry and participate in a rally outside the State Department on Thursday .
As Mother Jones reports :
They are working with All Risk , No Reward , a coalition of local and national groups that oppose the proposed 1,600-mile pipeline that would carry oil from Canada to Texas . `` I 'm just a concerned single daddy who happens to have 400 feet of this pipeline running through their property . '' - Damien Byers Long and their four children—ages 9 , 8 , 7 , and 5—live beside Lake Conway , not far from where Exxon 's Pegasus pipeline spilled at least 210,000 gallons of crude oil from Canada 's tar sands into a subdivision . Exxon has said that while there is oil in a cove on the lake , clean up crews have n't seen oil in the main body of water . But Sierra Club has said that an independent contractor the group hired found evidence of oil in the lake . Long thumbed through photos on their phone on Thursday morning , showing [ ... ] images of oily sheen and what appeared to be black residue along the shores . They say that Exxon has not been responsive to the complaints of people who live outside the area where the oil originally spilled . `` I 've asked them to just relocate us due to the smells , '' they said , noting that several of their children have asthma . `` They told us the air quality was fine and they would n't relocate us . '' She 's maintaining a Google Map that catalogs where people have reported seeing or smelling oil or experiencing negative health effects , as well as photos and video . She 's also maintaining a Facebook page on the spill .
`` I 'm not an environmentalist , I 'm not a treehugger , '' said Byers , who was joined by others at the rally outside the State Dept . `` I 'm just a concerned single daddy who happens to have 400 feet of this pipeline running through their property . ''
“ My four children and I have grown up on this lake , but it 's no longer safe to be here or to breathe the air , ” said Long . “ Other families should n't have to take on these risks or worry about their health and safety . This already happened to my family—I want to make sure it does n't happen to anyone along the Keystone XL route . ”
“ They have got to look our families in the eyes before they do this to us. ” - Jane Kleeb , Bold Nebraska
Meanwhile , as the State Dept . makes its final review of the Keystone XL project , opponents -- spearheaded by Oil Change International -- have raised money to purchase ads in DC Metro stations showing large images of the devastation in Mayflower caused by the spill .
The ramped up pressure on Obama and Kerry reveals the heightened angst among the environmental groups who have fought so hard to oppose the pipeline . Though the Obama administration has been careful not to reveal which way it might be leaning on a final decision , the groups -- acknowledging the tremendous power of the oil and pipeline industries -- are worried an approval is likely .
Still , it has been a growing pleasure to pipeline opponents to see the rise of state-level and community groups , not typically associated with the environmental or climate justice movements , joining the battle against Keystone XL and the wider fight against the fossil fuel indsutry that so often ignores the concerns of ordinary people .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
A group called Bold Nebraska has been leading the charge against Keystone in their state and championed Thursday 's move by the families from Arkansas .
`` Bold Nebraska has invited President Obama to Nebraska and now Secretary Kerry has an open invitation to visit Arkansas , ” said Jane Kleeb , executive director of Bold Nebraska and member of the Risk , No Reward Coalition . “ They have got to look our families in the eyes before they do this to us . ”
The Risk , No Reward Coalition recently posted this ad against Keystone XL :
And the full letter ( dated May 9 , 2013 ) from the Mayflower families follows :
Secretary John Kerry
U.S. Department of State
2201 C Street NW
Washington , DC 20037 Dear Secretary Kerry , We are writing on behalf of all affected families in Mayflower , Arkansas—the 22 families who were evacuated from their homes , the dozens of people living in surrounding areas who have been exposed to toxic chemicals , and the hundreds of thousands of Arkansans who get their water from the Lake Maumelle watershed—to ask that you remember Mayflower as you continue to evaluate the permit for Keystone XL . After witnessing the devastation in our community following the Good Friday tar sands spill , we can not in good conscience sit by and watch as other communities suffer the same fate . ExxonMobil has demonstrated that tar sands pipelines spill . Their Pegasus tar sands pipeline spilled first in Arkansas—and then one month later across the border in Missouri . And when these tar sands spill , they threaten our water , our health , and our homes . We are working with elected officials to move Exxon 's Pegasus pipeline away from the Lake Maumelle watershed , which provides drinking water for hundreds of thousands of Arkansans . We have overwhelming support from community leaders and politicians , and will do everything we can to protect our water . But the people of Nebraska are n't as lucky . The Ogallala Aquifer provides irrigation and drinking water for millions of Americans in Nebraska and across the country , and their water is at risk if Keystone XL is constructed . But they do n't have the same advocates we have . You and President Obama are their only hope to protect their water , land , and health . There is still so much we do n't know about tar sands—about the economic risks of them spilling in communities , about how they impact important water sources , and about how they effect our health . We do n't know enough to say “ yes ” to a massive tar sands pipeline through the country 's heartland . Before you issue your final evaluation of Keystone XL , we ask that you and your staff come to Mayflower to see what happens when a tar sands pipeline ruptures in your backyard . We ask that you observe the remnants of black tar , smell the toxic chemicals that are polluting our air , and ask yourselves whether you can in good conscience inflict this same devastation on families along Keystone XL 's route . We will open our doors to you and your staff—and promise home-cooked Southern meals to accompany our accounts of the spill . Sincerely , Renae Adkins
Warren Andrews
Joeseph Bradley
Danielle and Kevin Brown
Travis Brown
Jasmine Byers
Damien Byers
Bill Coleman
Amanda and Joseph Dorset
Katherine Green
Emily Harris
Dawn Hickman
April Lane
Emily Lane
Genieve Long
Sammy Morris
Everett Oden
Michelle Sertilo
Dallas Williams
____________________________________________
If you were to poll project managers on which software tool ( aside from email ) they use most often , for the largest number of tasks , I imagine that Excel would predominate . From complex calculator to data analyzer to zero-effort database and factoid organizer , I doubt there is a more ubiquitous multi-tool . And yet , we sometimes use it in ways that inhibit our understanding of the problems we 're trying to solve . One example that comes to mind is a spreadsheet template we used in a former life , called a “ RAID log . ”
The spreadsheet had four tabs : Risks , Assumptions , Issues , and Decisions . Each tab had columns defined that would drive identification and management of their namesakes . In and of itself , it was an excellent starting point . But the sequencing that made the template name pronounceable hid the complex relationships among the four objects . And that probably caused more than a few problems along the way .
Assumptions
Most projects begin with a limited number of facts , or “ knowns , ” and a by-product of the project is to expand that knowledge base . But at the beginning , a lot of assumptions are needed to fill in the gaps . These assumptions help us better visualize the current state , the desired future state , and the space between . With assumptions , we can make plans and estimates , communicate and collaborate , and otherwise act on those things we know to be facts . Consequently , all projects begin with a set of assumptions .
That said : every assumption carries some amount of uncertainty . Because we depend on assumptions to proceed with our work , and that uncertainty is present , each assumption represents a source of risk . Of course , not all assumptions are foundational , and few will be purely wild-assed guesses , but one of our process goals in every project should be to verify every assumption . To do this , every assumption should be documented and referenced when used in estimates , plans , schedules , budgets , and any other project activity .
Issues
Whether the goal is to correct a problem , develop a new capability , or comply with some external requirement , projects are approved to address issues . If the status quo were acceptable , no one would spend money to change it . On many projects , the project is an umbrella for the resolution of all sorts of issues . As you explore the project scope for details , more issues will emerge , and some of your assumptions will be challenged . This is a good thing : solving the wrong problem wo n't get you any points . You might discover some issues can be resolved along the way , while others depend on the outcome of the project . Persistent issues frequently have roots in an earlier solution , and it 's common for them to be well-documented . So capture that content in your project issue log .
Once you transition to the execution of your project , more issues will manifest , especially as you make changes or consume scarce resources ( like the time and attention of your stakeholders ) . On some projects , tracking and resolving issues becomes the key to making progress . The old adage about being up to your ass in alligators speaks volumes about the potential for creating new problems while trying to solve old ones .
Risks
A risk is an uncertainty that matters . As noted , every assumption has an element of uncertainty , and every issue matters . Consequently , a review of assumptions and issues logs should give you a starting point in identifying risks . If an assumption is incorrect , what are the consequences ? What is the likelihood of resolving one issue , only to create a new one ? In reviewing the plan , identifying risks is n't just about understanding the proposed solution , but the current state .
As Tim Lister so famously said , “ Risk management is how adults manage projects. ” Tracking risks , from identification to analysis to action to retirement , is one of the keys to a successful project . Once you understand both the risks and the issues , you can select better risk responses . Being able to link risks to assumptions , and to both the issues that made them worth taking and the issues that they might become , will help you keep preventive and corrective actions from falling through the cracks .
Decisions
The most expensive part of any project is indecision . Many decisions are the leverage needed to resolve issues ; others drive risk responses . Still others change or confirm assumptions . Many schedule delays can be attributed to the failure to make a timely decision , or the failure to communicate a decision once made . Once the need for a decision is identified , whether to resolve an issue , manage a risk , or just eliminate alternatives , it should be logged . Allowing a pending decision to drag on too long is an impediment to the project , and to the business of the organization . A review of the decision log for pending items should be part of every steering committee meeting .
The relationships among assumptions , issues , risk , and decisions are complex , and somewhat recursive . Tracking them is not a chore to be done once and then checked off the to-do list . Taken together , they are the background ( and sometimes foreground ) of every project . Understanding how they interact can be critical to keeping your project on track . So if you use a spreadsheet like our old RAID log , be sure to use it wisely .
For more brilliant insights , check out Dave 's blog : The Practicing IT Project Manager
( Newser ) – Michigan has a bizarre political sex scandal on its hands . It seems that two conservative state lawmakers , Todd Courser and Cindy Gamrat , were having an affair , and they were worried it was about to go public , reports the Detroit News . Simple enough . And then the bizarre part : In recordings obtained by the newspaper , Courser asks one of their aides to anonymously distribute a fake email alleging that Courser had been caught having sex with a man behind a nightclub , along with a slew of other false allegations . The idea , they said , was to create a `` controlled burn '' of lies so that when allegations of their extramarital affair went public , they would n't seem so bad—and people might not believe them .
`` It will make anything else that comes out after that—that is n't a video—mundane , tame by comparison , ” Courser is heard telling the aide . The email did indeed go out , but the aide , who made the secret recording , balked at sending it . They were fired soon after , as was one of Gamrat 's aides , for unspecified reasons . The two first-year student lawmakers—who have loudly championed `` traditional marriage and traditional morality , '' notes the Daily Beast—are now under investigation by the state House to see whether they used their taxpayer-funded offices to try to conceal their relationship , reports the Detroit Free Press . ( Read more state lawmaker stories . )
September 25 , 2014 2 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
Delivery by drone is taking another step toward reality . Starting tomorrow , delivery firm DHL will begin using unmanned drones called “ parcelcopters ” to drop off medicine to residents of Juist , a small , thinly populated island off northwestern Germany .
Friday 's flight -- which could take up to 30 minutes -- marks the launch of the first ever commercial drone delivery service in Europe , according to DHL . It also marks the start of a 30-day trial to determine whether drop off by drone is an effective alternative to traditional modes of delivery .
For the duration of the trial , DHL will send medication to the island twice a day via drone when other alternatives such as aircraft or ferry services are not available , The New York Times reported .
Related : FAA is Considering Lifting Drone Ban for Hollywood
DHL 's pilot program is similar to drone tests being done by Silicon Valley behemoths , most notably Amazon and Google . But while both tech companies predict that their plan to deploy drones for commercial delivery is still years away from fruition -- at least in part because of the stringent regulations imposed by the Federal Aviation Administration -- DHL is intent on showing that it can be done . At least in countries that are not the U.S .
DHL apparently avoided running afoul of regulators by working closely with the German Ministry of Transport and Digital Infrastructure as well as the air traffic agency to create a restricted flight path , according to the Times .
Related : Here 's Why Martha Stewart Bought a Drone
Meanwhile , stateside , the FAA shut down a drone delivery service ferrying beer to ice fishers in Minnesota and banned the Washington Nationals from using a drone to take publicity photos earlier this year .
That 's because at present , drones can not be employed for commercial purposes in the U.S. , no matter how seemingly harmless the intention . While the FAA has been working on a list of regulations for almost a decade , it is still months -- possibly years -- away from issuing a final set of rules for the commercial use of small drones .
Related : Grilled Cheese by Parachute May Not Fly With U.S. Regulators
CLOSE Gary Pine , the athletic director at Azusa Pacific University , discusses the difficult task of finding common ground between religious beliefs and sexual identies .
Texas Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick and Senator Lois Kolkhorst introduced Senate Bill 6 known as the Texas Privacy Act . ( Photo11 : Ralph Barrera , AP )
Less than a year after the sports and entertainment industries turned their backs on North Carolina for passing its so-called bathroom bill , Texas ' lieutenant governor on Thursday helped unveil a legislative proposal that has much of the same intent as North Carolina 's law but appears to include the potential for exceptions for special events .
Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick , a conservative Republican and president of the Texas Senate , has been pushing for legislation they said would protect women and children by ensuring that transgender people would have to use public restrooms and locker rooms assigned to their `` biological sex '' on their birth certificate .
The Texas bill ( SB6 ) contains language that would appear to make it possible for a private organization to determine the bathroom-usage rules at public facilities they rent — the situation that occurs when , for instance , the NCAA signs an agreement to hold the Final Four at a facility such as the Alamodome , which is owned and operated by the City of San Antonio .
Specifically , the bill states that a “ private entity that leases or contracts to use a building owned or leased by '' a public entity “ is not subject to a policy developed under ” the bill . In addition , the bill says that the state and various localities “ may not require or prohibit a private entity that leases or contracts to use a building owned or leased by ” a public entity “ from adopting a policy on the designation or use of bathroom or changing facilities located in the building . ”
The timetable on when the bill could pass is uncertain but Patrick labeled it a `` top priority . ''
`` This issue is not about discrimination — it 's about public safety , protecting businesses and common sense , '' Patrick said in a statement , adding in their news conference Thursday , `` we 're on the right side of history . You can mark today as the day Texas is drawing a line in the sand and saying no . ''
The NCAA made an emphatic statement against North Carolina 's HB2 in September when it removed all of its championship events from North Carolina , stating the bill is contrary to the association 's overall initiative for inclusion . That move , the NBA 's decision to relocate its All-Star game form Charlotte plus numerous event cancellations ( including a Bruce Springsteen concert ) , reportedly has cost the state close to $ 4 million . Former Gov . Pat McCrory was not re-elected .
Most notable among upcoming NCAA championship events to be held in Texas is the women 's Final Four in Dallas on March 31 and April 2 . The men 's Final Four is scheduled for San Antonio in 2018 . The Football Championship Subdivision holds its championship game Frisco , Texas , annually .
Protestors try to drown out a news conference with Texas Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick and Senator Lois Kolkhorst as they introduce Senate Bill 6 . ( Photo11 : Ralph Barrera , AP )
NCAA spokesperson Stacey Osburn told USA TODAY Sports the association had no immediate comment on the bill 's introduction .
Hudson Taylor , executive director and founder of Athlete Ally , an organization dedicated to ending discrimination through the sports world , argues that the accommodation is masquerading a big-picture transphobic policy that they believe the NCAA and other organizations will see past .
`` SB6 in Texas , regardless of any workaround , would not make ( a safe environment ) possible — namely because any fan or athlete attending a sporting event is also going to be required to eat somewhere , sleep somewhere , '' Taylor said . `` More than anything it 's about the larger transphobic message sent . A lot of these anti-trans efforts work under the guise of safety for women and children when statistically that does n't hold up . In reality , there 's way more trans women killed each year and states requiring trans people to use a different restroom creates an atmosphere that 's very overtly putting the trans community in harm 's way . ''
After the NCAA 's move against HB2 , the Atlantic Coast Conference quickly followed suit . Should the NCAA take similar action with SB6 , the same domino effect might occur with the Big 12 .
“ The Big 12 Conference is aware of the filing of Senate Bill 6 in the Texas State legislature , '' said Bob Burda , the league 's associate commissioner for communications . `` We will track the bill 's progress through the legislature , and at an appropriate time discuss its impact with our member institutions . ”
Contributing : Steve Berkowitz of USA TODAY Sports ; and John C. Moritz of the Caller Times in Corpus Christi , Texas , part of the USA TODAY Network .
Journalism faces a crisis around the world and unless it 's fixed , society is in big trouble , American scholar and media activist Robert McChesney says .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘ Punch to the Gut ' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions , says director Corey Payette .
`` The market 's not going to solve the problem .... The technology 's not going to rescue us . ''
Great journalism requires resources , institutional support , well-paid journalists and competition , McChesney told an audience at the Simon Fraser University downtown campus Saturday .
Creating institutions that can produce great journalism is going to take `` enlightened , engaged , creative policy-making , '' they said .
`` Short of that , we 'll never be a free society . ''
McChesney , the author of several books including Rich Media , Poor Democracy : Communication Politics in Dubious Times , was in Vancouver to attend a conference of the Union for Democratic Communications , a group of academics and media reformers .
Reform movement gains steam
In a speech co-sponsored by Canadians for a Democratic Media , the B.C . Library Association and The Tyee , McChesney talked about how a media reform movement has sprung up in the U.S. in the past five years and how Canadians can learn from the experience .
The organizers of Free Press , a group that McChesney helped found , state the goals of the movement this way : `` diverse and independent media ownership , strong public media and universal access to communications . ''
Said McChesney : `` I think that five years ago , if someone had said to you you 're going to go listen to an American tell you how to organize a media reform movement , you would have said that 's like having Dick Cheney lecture me on human rights .
`` That would have represented the ultimate hubris of Americans . ''
But in the last few years , as big corporations have sought to increase their control of the media , Americans have been fighting back and winning , McChesney said .
The U.S. -- and probably Canada as well -- is at a `` critical juncture '' in history where it might be possible to make substantial , long-term changes to the media system , they said .
`` There are moments historically in every country in which the range of policy options is much greater than at other times , when society can put you on a path to go one way or another way . If you pick one way , you 're not getting off it for a long time . ''
Conditions for change
Changing the media system has historically required at least two out of three conditions , McChesney said . The three factors are :
A technological revolution . When a radical , fundamentally new technology comes along , society has to decide who 's going to run it . Discredited media content . Usually this means journalism . When media content is seen as being `` of poor or dubious quality ... people are willing to raise some hell . '' A broader social crisis , where all institutions are being questioned , as happened in the 1960s and '30s .
`` My argument is if you get all three of those in line you not only have a critical juncture , you have a chance to do very positive and progressive things , '' they said . `` If you only have two of them , you 've still got a chance to do good stuff .
`` And we 've got two of them now in the United States and I have a strong feeling you have the same two here . ''
The Internet , McChesney said , has brought the technological revolution . At the same time , `` journalism in the United States is in absolute free fall . Deep , severe , prolonged historical crisis . ''
Do n't blame the Net
This crisis , which is being repeated to some extent around the world , is not due to the Internet , despite what media owners claim , McChesney said .
`` That 's preposterous . It 's a deep-seated historical problem that goes back to the beginning of commercial journalism .
`` And it 's been aggravated in the last three decades by concentrated ownership , in local markets and nationally , and by severe cutbacks in resources to journalism . ''
This crisis , they said , was identified in the early '90s , long before the web was a part of everyday life .
`` The Internet might have accentuated it , but it certainly did n't create it . ''
Given growing economic inequalities , we may be about to experience the third condition , broader social upheaval , McChesney said .
'Absolute scandal '
Unchecked commercial media pose a major threat , they said .
`` We 're in the midst of a tidal wave of hyper-commercialism in this world . What we 're doing to children in the United States is nothing short of child molesting .
`` It 's an absolute scandal .
`` And if all the Internet does is to sort of open up ... people 's central nervous systems to Madison Avenue so that every nanosecond and every pixel of our lives is sponsored by some corporation , then I think we 'll rightfully regret the day that the Internet was invented . ''
Key issue : Net neutrality
A few more thoughts from McChesney :
On the net neutrality battle in the U.S. , in which telecom companies want to make some Internet sites easier to access than others :
`` This is not a fight of the capitalist class versus the masses . This is a fight of two extraordinarily corrupt , government-created sleazeball monopoly industries -- and that 's being generous -- versus the rest of the human race , including the business community . ''
On what big media companies want :
`` Company town media where they can own the newspaper , the cable system , three TV stations , eight radio stations in one town . Have one newsroom serve all .
`` It 's their version of heaven , our version of hell . And it 's a nightmare for anyone except the owners of those company town media . ''
On the media reform movement being `` progressive '' but `` nonpartisan '' :
`` We organize across the political spectrum , left to right .... This is not a left-right issue . It 's big money , it 's corporate interests versus everybody else usually . ''
On the goal of the U.S. media reform movement :
`` Basically , our goal is to make it so no politician can ever run for office in the United States without having to answer on all these issues formally in their campaign .
`` We want to do what the environmental movement did in the United States . In 1964 there was no environmental movement . No politician ever said anything about the environment in an American campaign .
`` In 1976 there was not a single politician who would n't [ talk about the environment ] . If you were Ronald Reagan , you had to have a policy on the environment . ''
Related Tyee stories :
President Trump has named Dan Simmons , an opponent of policies meant to promote renewable energy , to lead the renewable energy office at the Department of Energy .
Simmons formerly worked at the Institute for Energy Research , a self-styled , free-market energy think tank that is funded largely by fossil fuel interests .
An Energy official announced Simmons 's appointment to lead the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy ( EERE ) in a recent email to employees , which noted that Simmons started at the department during the Trump administration 's transition period .
ADVERTISEMENT
Their appointment was first reported by E & E News .
Under former President Obama , EERE had an aggressive agenda focused on grants , research and development , promotion and other efforts to reduce the costs of renewable energy and efficiency technology and get it into the market .
It was at least somewhat responsible for a dramatic drop in the costs of solar power technology during the Obama administration , along with a major increase in solar deployment .
Trump has proposed to cut EERE 's funding by 53 percent .
As vice president at the Institute for Energy Research , Simmons was largely responsible for pushing against pro-renewables policies such as subsidies and tax breaks for the use of wind and solar power .
“ I think that everything should be treated equally across the board , ” they said last year at an event hosted by Politico . “ We have to look at the track record of the oil and gas industry , producing low-cost , reliable energy , particularly when the alternative is much , much higher prices . ”
The Institute for Energy Research 's president , Tom Pyle , led Trump 's transition operation for the Department of Energy , but has since returned to their job . The group 's advocacy arm , the American Energy Alliance , endorsed Trump for president last year in its first-ever political candidate endorsement .
Simmons previously worked at the right-wing American Legislative Exchange Council and the House Natural Resources Committee .
Simmons 's title will be acting assistant secretary . Trump has yet to formally nominate someone to the position of assistant secretary for the office — which requires Senate confirmation — and it is not clear if Simmons would be nominated .
Recap : All three kids reached the ‘ child ' age . Auxana became an adult and underwent a midlife crisis in which they argued with Kenji and then took off their clothes in public .
Hey , it 's Halloween ! The three children decide to partake in trick-or-treating . You can see Bertram has chosen to be a clown , Barney is a cow plant , and Cassiopeia is a bunny .
They really only go to their neighbors ' houses , since it takes five hours to get to the other side of town .
They scare the neighbors easily , but I 'm not sure if it 's because of their costumes or their actual faces…
Kenji dresses up as some early-century politician… or pirate… or something… and takes the kids to the Fall Festival . Auxana is not there yet , as it has taken them the whole day just to decide what they should wear .
Finally , they arrive in a genie outfit , which is fitting for her , as they never wears shoes anyway .
They apologize to Kenji for the senseless argument .
They forgive them Oh , also , if you remember , these two actually got married on Halloween , so today happens to be their anniversary .
Auxana eats their face just like they did on their wedding day .
They take some pumpkins from the festival and return home to do some carving .
The kids end the night by playing in their backyard playground .
Auxana and Kenji finish the day by stargazing .
The next day , Auxana masters their painting skill . That night , they purchase an inventing table and gets to work on that skill .
“ Can you build a seesaw , Mommy ? ”
“ No sweetie , but I can build you a nice horse out of a few tin cans and barbed wire ! ”
Birthday ! Bertram ages up and gains the Lucky trait , but they keep making this dumb face , making me think he 's secretly absent minded . I mean , look at him…
“ Duh….doooooor… ”
Barney gains the Slob trait and autonomously starts licking dirty plates clean .
I think they kind of looks like an elf .
Speaking of birthdays , Kenji gets one too !
The dreaded midlife-crisis moodlet shows up and Kenji demands an outfit that makes a statement .
This was the best I could do . I 'm about as bad of a stylist as Auxana .
Here they are , obsessing over the wrinkles they gained . At least Auxana is having fun during their crisis . All Kenji does is check their wrinkles and cry .
Auxana catches fire while inventing . I start shouting at the screen to go take a shower and they just stands there , totally ignoring my instructions .
AUXANA GET IN THE SHOWER YOU ARE GOING TO DIE .
RUN , DAMN YOU ! RUN !
Whew . Not even joking , we almost lost them there .
And with that , Auxana ends their midlife crisis and wears a more appropriate outfit .
Kenji wants to be more muscular , so they start watching work-out tapes .
They sell their science machine and replaces it with a bench instead .
Bertram has made a friend ! Them name is Tilly . They invite them over to their house everyday after school and they do homework together . Bertram is usually boring them when they come over .
“ I 'm just saying , I believe the chicken came before the egg . How could the egg have been produced without something producing it ? It 's not like the egg just appeared and out popped a chicken . Speaking of which , there is an egg on my shirt right now . It looks like it 's tied to some sausage or bacon or something . ”
“ Bertram , please , I 'm working on physics here… ”
WHAT IN THE HELL OF PLUMBOBS IS THAT THING…
Oh… right… we have a plant sim in the house .
Cass ages into a teen and gains the Technophobe trait . They have also dyed their hair a scary shade of red .
They and Kenji usually spend their time together dancing in the living room , as Cass loves to party and Kenji wants to feel young again .
They teach them a few moves , but he 's got some of their own , too !
“ Go , Dad , go ! ”
“ Oppa Gangnam Style ! ”
When no one is looking , they take the opportunity to sabotage the house 's electronics .
“ Yes , burn , my pretty , burn… ”
Barney 's childhood friend Sasha-Ann invites themselves over and takes them into the bathroom , where they promptly give them flowers . The bathroom is the most romantic room in the house after all .
They think this means they are flirting with him . So did I , so I encouraged them to cuddle them on the sofa .
Ahh , young love ! Barney goes in for their first kiss—
—and immediately gets shut down .
“ Uh , what are you doing ? ”
“ You gave me flowers ! I thought that meant you were into me ? ”
“ Oh… did I give you that impression ? ”
“ I 'm not a stupid kid anymore , Barney , I know your schlong is n't the biggest in the world . Why would you think I was into you ? You 're practically like my cousin . We 're just friends… best friends , even . Nothing is going to happen between us . ”
“ Ah… I see… ”
The two then spend the rest of their time together awkwardly staring at the broken television in front of them .
“ Hello , Mr. Tree , it 's nice to see you today ! …What ? Oh , you 're making me blush ! I am just a normal PlantSim , there 's nothing special about me ! Oh stop , you silly ! ”
“ No , seriously , I overheard one of the potato plants calling you stupid . Can you believe that ? You should totally drop some acorns on him . He 's right over there . ”
Cass is always chatting it up with the plants in Kenji 's garden , but not all of them particularly like them
“ So , Tilly , we 've been friends for awhile now , and prom is coming up , and you know the typical tradition of going to prom involves one going with another– “
“ Get on with it , Bertram . ”
“ Would you please attend prom with me ? ”
Tilly smiles and actually accepts their invitation . I can guarantee they are going to be bored all night long with him .
Auxana is so determined to complete their Lifetime Wish that they invent even when it is freezing outside and snow is falling .
DAMNIT AUXANA I SWEAR IF YOU WIND UP BURNING TO DEATH I AM GOING TO DELETE YOUR GHOST FOREVER .
“ Hello , boss ? Chyaa , it 's me , Kenji . You know , I 'm not really feeling the whole ‘ science-thing ' anymore . Yeah , what I 'm trying to say here is I quit . ”
KENJI WHAT ARE YOU DOING YOUR LIFETIME WISH REVOLVES ENTIRELY AROUND HAVING A JOB IN THE SCIENCE CAREER .
Where 's they going ? ?
The school… oh my goodness , he 's going to become a teacher instead…
Here they are working at home on some lesson plans .
In retrospect , I guess it 's a good thing they do n't pursue science . They wo n't ever complete their wish to be a creature-robot crossbreeder , but at least someone else can fill their position who is smarter than him .
“ Hey Dad , I heard you quit your job . Do n't teachers make , like , no money ? How are we going to live off of Mom 's sculptings and paintings ? ”
“ Listen , son , the only thing important in this world is looks , got that ? If you look good , you 'll get everywhere you wan na be in life ! Money is n't important ! ”
Some sound advice from father-of-the-year Kenji .
They do n't even go to their job . He 's a damn workaholic but all they want to do is work out thanks to this midlife crisis of his .
It appears as though I have officially lost control of the Horsley family . What in the world am I going to do with them… ?
Advertisements
Rock Ridge - Update Hub Welcome to Rock Ridge , the newest town to welcome adventurers in the world of Ragnarok Online ! Dust off your hats and take out your walkin ' boots , because this here town is right on the edge of an untamed wilderness both fascinating and dangerous . Learn more about Rock Ridge below , or check out these links to learn about the exciting Quests and New Items to come when Rock Ridge opens mid June 2017 ! Click any of the active banners below to learn about that section of our update ! Rock Ridge was founded on the ideals of innovation , opportunity , and industry . Set against the beautiful backdrop of an arid desert landscape bordering a vast ocean , Rock Ridge transformed into a booming village filled with opportunity - all thanks to the industrious efforts of Pink Rose . Maritime shipping agency Pink Rose landed upon the shores of Rock Ridge in search of new land to expand their business away from the large monopoly of the Kafra Corporation and Cool Event Corporation . There , Pink Rose discovered an unusual purple ore never before seen in Midgard . Not only did these ores provide potent mana when purified , but they reflected light just as brilliantly as diamonds when cut properly . Pink Rose had hit the jackpot - the new ores were a huge success , selling like hotcakes especially among jewelry collectors and magic practitioners ! Emboldened by their initial success and eager to keep it up , Pink Rose recruited miners and volunteers from all over the world and set up a village near its purple ore mine . And thus , Rock Ridge was born ! Rock Ridge was founded on the ideals of innovation , opportunity , and industry . Set against the beautiful backdrop of an arid desert landscape bordering a vast ocean , Rock Ridge transformed into a booming village filled with opportunity - all thanks to the industrious efforts of Pink Rose . Maritime shipping agencylanded upon the shores of Rock Ridge in search of new land to expand their business away from the large monopoly of the Kafra Corporation and Cool Event Corporation . There , Pink Rose discovered an unusual purple ore never before seen in Midgard . Not only did these ores provide potent mana when purified , but they reflected light just as brilliantly as diamonds when cut properly . Pink Rose had hit the jackpot - the new ores were a huge success , selling like hotcakes especially among jewelry collectors and magic practitioners ! Emboldened by their initial success and eager to keep it up , Pink Rose recruited miners and volunteers from all over the world and set up a village near its purple ore mine . And thus , Rock Ridge was born ! Outside the village of Rock Ridge resides two tribes native to this land - the Cacti and the Taurases . As Rock Ridge grew , the Cacti tribe worked with the newcomers to stabilize the village and aid in their mining efforts . Over time , word of Rock Ridge spread , and people came flocking from Midgard in droves , hoping to start a new life and build a brighter future . Unfortunately , the growing wealth of Rock Ridge did not come without consequence . The Tauras tribe , notorious for pillaging for a living , set their sights on the budding village and sought to take over the source of their wealth . Also known as Buffalo Bandits , these Taurases armed themselves with guns and attacked Rock Ridge and its mine relentlessly . Eventually , they forced their way into the mines and claimed it as their own . In an effort to save the livelihood of Rock Ridge , Pink Rose put out all call for strong and capable adventurers to help reclaim the mines . It 's up to you to save Rock Ridge !
The mystery of a young girl found dead in a Blairstown Township cemetery 30 years ago will be revisited Sunday , Warren County authorities announced .
Dubbed `` Princess Doe '' by investigators , the young girl is buried in the Ceder Ridge Cemetery , where their bludgeoned body was discovered July 15 , 1982 . Though their body was exhumed in 1999 to create a DNA profile , the girl was never identified .
New information on the case and a new more life-like composite of the young girl will be revealed at a nondenominational ceremony Sunday , according to Lt. Stephen Speirs , leading investigator on the case since 1994 .
The prosecutor 's office 's Cold Case Unit and other agencies believe the new information will lead to their identity and those responsible for their murder , according to the prosecutor 's office .
Anyone with information can call a toll-free hotline at 866-9426467 . For information on the memorial and the case , visit princessdoe.org or call the prosecutor 's office at 908-475-6287 .
There are limits to how far you can go to stop a robbery , a French farmer found out this week .
The man was in the process of being robbed in July by two men who were taking irrigation equipment from their farm in Pau , in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques .
However , the farmer did n't let them get away easily , taking to their getaway car with a mechanical digger and reducing it to smithereens .
The court ruled on Wednesday that this was a `` disproportionate method of defence '' and demanded the farmer pay €2,400 in damages . For their part , the farmer said they acted so aggressively due to `` an exasperation that came from being robbed so many times '' .
The thieves , aged 30 and 28 , were sentenced to three months in prison and 70 hours of community service respectively .
They were also told to pay €450 in damages to the farmer .
Late last year , the operators of the Upper West Side 's beloved Lincoln Plaza Cinemas informed moviegoers that the theater would close after a 35-year run due to a rent hike . Despite a concerted push by locals to keep it open , the theater closed its doors for good in January this year . Just a week before , Landmark 's Sunshine Cinema , another cherished theater on the Lower East Side , also closed its doors ; an office building will soon rise in its place .
Those two closures were the latest losses for New York 's indie cinema scene , though a good number remain—Metrograph , the Angelika Film Center , the Paris Theater , and Film Forum among them—and some , like Cinemart Cinemas in Forest Hills , came back from the brink of closure .
Still , many theaters have disappeared , with new residential developments , shopping complexes , and multiplexes rising in their place . Here , we 've gathered 11 independent theaters the city has lost in the past decade .
Attorneys for the ACLU and other groups said that Trump 's statements on the campaign trail and statements from their advisers since they took office make clear that the intent of the ban is to ban Muslims . Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller has said the revised order was designed to have `` the same basic policy outcome '' as the first .
The new version of the ban details more of a national security rationale . It is narrower and eases some concerns about violating the due-process rights of travelers .
It applies only to new visas from Somalia , Iran , Syria , Sudan , Libya and Yemen and temporarily shuts down the U.S. refugee program . It does not apply to travelers who already have visas .
`` Generally , courts defer on national security to the government , '' said U.S. District Judge Theodore Chuang . `` Do I need to conclude that the national security purpose is a sham and false ? ''
In response , ACLU attorney Omar Jadwat pointed to Miller 's statement and said the government had put out misleading and contradictory information about whether banning travel from six specific countries would make the nation safer .
The Maryland lawsuit also argues that it 's against federal law for the Trump administration to reduce the number of refugees allowed into the United States this year by more than half , from 110,000 to 50,000 . Attorneys argued that if that aspect of the ban takes effect , 60,000 people would be stranded in war-torn countries with nowhere else to go .
In the Hawaii case , the federal government said there was no need to issue an emergency restraining order because Hawaii officials offered only `` generalized allegations '' of harm .
Jeffrey Wall of the Office of the Solicitor General challenged Hawaii 's claim that the order violates due-process rights of Ismail Elshikh as a U.S. citizen who wants their mother-in-law to visit their family from Syria . They say courts have not extended due-process rights outside of a spousal relationship .
Neal Katyal , a Washington , D.C. , attorney representing Hawaii , called the story of Elshiskh , an Egyptian immigrant and naturalized U.S. citizen , `` the story of America . ''
Wall told the judge that if they are inclined to issue an injunction , it should be tailored specifically to Hawaii and not nationwide .
A former CNIB lottery kiosk operator says the charity is trying to intimidate them into paying back money they do n't owe .
Samantha Russell , of Bathurst , is one of four former kiosk operators in the Maritimes who was sued by the CNIB .
The national charity says it was missing a total of about $ 100,000 .
It 's seeking $ 16,595.64 from Russell . The CNIB has said it 's not accusing operators of stealing money , but says they are contractually obliged to cover losses .
In a counterclaim filed in New Brunswick court , Russell says CNIB `` terminated their employment without just cause in an attempt to increase their vulnerability and increase susceptibility to the intimidation . ''
The claim says CNIB was high-handed and callous and its treatment of them caused health issues as well as public humiliation .
None of the claims has been proven in court .
Interview requests refused
CNIB has repeatedly refused interview requests from CBC about the controversy swirling around its missing money but in recently published statements , it defends its legal fight .
In a statement sent to P.E.I . newspapers , Pamela Gow-Boyd , executive director and regional vice president for CNIB 's Atlantic region , says the CNIB commissioned Deloitte Canada to perform a forensic review of two Summerside cases in February .
CNIB has not released the review , but Gow-Boyd said , `` Deloitte 's review validates CNIB 's numbers which demonstrate significant losses in the Summerside lottery kiosk . ''
The CNIB has sued one former Summerside kiosk operator .
It 's demanded payment from a second , after they hired a lawyer to recover money they say CNIB wrongfully deducted from them pay .
Gow-Boyd goes on to say the review `` sourced information regarding sales and deposits from external sources ; specifically the Atlantic Lottery Corporation and Scotiabank . ''
According to the statement , ALC records the sales at each kiosk and Scotiabank records deposits .
However , the statement does n't say if Deloitte was able to identify where the money went .
Lawyer questions report
Stephen Ellis , who represents both of the former Summerside kiosk operators , one of them their mother , says they question the reliability of the report .
`` We all agree money is missing . '' Ellis said . `` We just disagree on where it went . ''
Ellis says Deloitte made no attempt to contact the operators as part of its review , something Ellis says should have been done .
`` Without having thoroughly worked with and questioned the kiosk operators , the reliability of such reports is in serious question , '' they said .
CNIB has already reached agreements with two other kiosk operators in Nova Scotia . It 's negotiating a settlement with a third .
CNIB says it 's taken action to strengthen its review processes .
This post is by Jeff Cook , and it examines how “ desire ” is connected to our view of the fate of the wicked .
Erasing Hell : On Desire ( Jeff Cook )
I realize some of you are tiring of this discussion , but I love the hell debate taking place this year . The dialogue is much bigger than the dark side of the afterlife . The questions being raised about hell can not be separated from an analysis of God 's character , how we interpret scripture , how Christians disagree constructively , what we can know about God and their intentions , as well as the nature of goodness , justice and love . The central pillars of philosophy—epistemology , ethics , and metaphysics—as well as the heart of theology—God 's attributes and self-disclosure—are each under reconsideration because of this debate at the most popular levels of American Christianity—and that 's a great thing .
What does it tell us/you that many of us “ wish ” there was n't an eternal hell ? Do you think God could have created a world in which there would be no hell ? Why , then , do you think there is a hell ?
Hell is making us all think really hard about God .
After reading Erasing Hell : What God said about eternity , and the things we made up a handful of questions came to my mind and over the next month I would like to explore a few with you . These are not meant as a critique of Sprinkle and Chan 's book . Instead , Erasing Hell will serve as a launching point for considering beliefs I think Christians ought to be more critical of .
Let 's start with emotions and desires . Frequently in Erasing Hell , Sprinkle and Chan said they “ did not ” want hell to exist . For example :
“ I would love to erase hell from the pages of scripture ” ( 14 ) , “ I had to figure out if the Bible actually taught the existence of a literal hell . How great would it be if it did n't ” ( 14 ) , “ Do you want to believe in a God [ who shows their power by punishing non-Christians forever ] ? Here 's my gut-level honest answer : No ” ( 22 ) , “ I would love to think , as some have suggested , that the Bible does n't actually say a whole lot about hell . I would love to stare at my friend 's face when asked that question we all fear— “ do you think I 'm going to hell ? ” and say “ No ! There is no such place ! ” ( 108 ) ( See also 25 , 72 , 135 ) .
Chan and Sprinkle are good , praise-worthy men , but let 's assume—as they do—that their intuitions concerning hell are skewed 180 degrees from those of God . Let 's further assume that God has decided to create a location of everlasting , conscious torment that will eventually be populated with no less than a couple million souls . And let 's also assume that there are some perfectly sane , exceedingly good and just reasons that God has for creating such a future for the damned .
If this interpretation of hell is best , there must be something worthwhile about hell that stands out to God , that They gravitate to , snaps their fingers and realizes , “ Ahhh , that is the best possible option . I am going to create a world whose story ends with that kind of judgment , that kind of heaven , that kind of hell. ” So what is it ? Why is eternal conscious torment so compelling to God ? What makes the creation of this kind of world with this kind of hell so “ desirable ” ? It seems many of us begin in the same place as Chan and Sprinkle who confess , “ What causes my heart to ache right now as I 'm writing this is that my life shows little evidence that I actually believe this ” ( 107 ) .
Now , I fear some will say eternal conscious torment is God 's “ only ” option—as though an all-powerful being is in any way determined or that our God somehow lacks the creativity or foresight to avoid a world in which they must initiate a hell . Sprinkle and Chan do not make this mistake ; they see God as significantly free ( 163 ) . They know that God can eliminate human souls , they can save all , they can turn back history and erase the fall , they can allow the damned soul to pass into unconsciousness or out of existence ( and on and on ) . Being both all-powerful and ridiculously inventive has a ton of benefits . Given the assumptions above , we must assume that God desires a world with everlasting torment .
In case it 's unclear what I would like to see , I 'll give you an example of what such answers might look like “ since I do want a hell to exist. ” As many of you know , I think the hell described in the Bible is the place where death , satan , and the souls of the damned are destroyed . This view is often called Annihilationism , and it strikes me as the best way to understand the numerous passages on hell , judgment and the future of the wicked . I have no trouble reconciling this view of hell with my ideas about justice , love , mercy , and the character of God . Consider ( as an example of what I want from you in defense of eternal conscious torment ) a few quick reasons I desire a world with such a hell . On this view…
( 1 ) Hell is the end of all “ death and mourning and crying and pain ” , for hell is the end of evil .
( 2 ) Hell allows human freedom to reach its climax , for those desiring to live eternally have united themselves to the only Source of Life , those who have chosen sin as master have chosen to unite themselves to death—and everyone gets what they want .
( 3 ) Hell is supremely merciful . To end the life of someone who has irreversibly wed themselves to sin is an act of exceeding kindness ( lest such souls continue on zombie-like for all eternity ) .
( 4 ) Hell allows God to punish a Stalin or a pornographer or a slave trader in exactly the right amount before allowing their souls to pass out of existence .
( 5 ) The location of hell is clear . Because Christ is reconciling all things to himself , there is no room in the cosmos for a location where sin and death continue their mastery .
I could go on , but these outcomes of hell seem both desirable to me , and I could see them being desirable to the all-knowing , supremely loving God when they decided—in the beginning—which reality they would actualize . These are the sorts of answers we need to provide thinkers like Chan and Sprinkle who confess they can not get there and mourn deeply because of it ( p. 14 ) .
So bring it strong and pithy : Why has God thought ( from the moment they selected the final outcome of our universe ) that initiating the eternal conscious torment of a couple million souls was the best possible move ? Why does God want such a hell to exist ?
Of course if we ca n't provide a very robust set of answers—even when speculating and without the constraints of “ truth ” —that might be just another red flag for the traditional view .
Jeff Cook teaches philosophy at the University of Northern Colorado , pastors Atlas Church ( Greeley ) , and is the author of Seven : the Deadly Sins and the Beatitudes ( Zondervan , 2008 ) and Everything New ( 2012 ) .
The spectrum of less-than-credible links posted to social media sites is vast . In addition to deliberately written fake news stories ( often somewhat inaccurately tagged as “ satire ” ) , the online world abounds with articles that are based on exaggerated , misconstrued , manipulated , misrepresented , or outright deceptive premises .
It 's fair to say that the majority of users on social media sites wish to share interesting , funny , compelling , unique , or otherwise discussion-worthy material without having to run full-scale fact checks on everything . It 's also reasonable to observe that every so often , not-so-trustworthy information will sneak into posts despite the best efforts and intentions of social media users .
However , some common elements help identify shaky stories and poorly-sourced claims . It does n't take long to do a quick credulity check , and a healthy skepticism is the first step towards reducing the promulgation of nonsense on the Internet .
DATE ( IT ) YOURSELF
Is a particularly outrage-inducing claim suddenly taking over your news feed , with many folks sharing the same link ? Often such items are old stories that have been recycled to generate click-throughs , presenting information that is misrepresented and outdated . Use the links provided in such outrageous items to trace them back to their original sources ( you may have to follow several links in a chain to get there ) and check their publication dates . Often you 'll find that whatever it is you 're supposed to be outraged about took place several years ago and/or has long since been resolved .
For example , one rumor active in April 2015 claimed cash transactions had recently been made illegal in Louisiana . That news was well over three years old by then , had been inaccurately reported , and the law on which it was based had since been amended .
A variation of this phenomenon occurs when online rumors bounce around across national borders , such as an October 2014 report that suggested Muslim nurses do n't have to wash their hands before participating in surgeries . Not only was the rumor untrue , but it had been ping-ponging between American and British news sites since early 2010 .
The Echo Chamber
Another way that titillating ( but false ) stories spread is the effect of multiple popular web sites simultaneously picking up a viral lead but all sourcing it from the ( very ) unvetted original . One illustrative , high-profile example of this phenomenon in 2014 involved Florida resident Alicia Hessler , who ( using the alias “ Jasmine Tridevil “ ) became briefly famous on the Internet after claiming they had undergone cosmetic surgery to add a third breast :
All of the information ( including photographs ) initially reported about “ Jasmine Tridevil ” and their third breast came from Hessler herself , who tellingly declined to provide the single most important piece of evidence needed to validate them claim : a clear , unambiguous photograph of their putative third breast . Instead , all they offered were selfies that showed only a small portion of their ( covered ) bosom and did n't rule out their use of a prosthetic .
Despite multiple red flags in their original story ( including a complete lack of independent corroboration ) , many high-profile web sites initially reported it as if it were credible . It did n't take long for “ Jasmine ” ‘ s tale to fall apart , but not before it was widely spread across the Internet by sites more interested in promoting outrageous stories than in validating them .
If a story that simultaneously appears on many different popular news sites sounds too good to be true , check to see if all of those sites are referencing the same source . Single-source reports based on premises that are hard to swallow often turn out to be media hoaxes , pranks , or simply shoddy reporting ( such as the time a Fox News contributor claimed “ Sharia no-go zones ” were plaguing France and England ) .
A HISTORY OF LIE-O-LENCE
Here on snopes.com , we have an entire section dedicated to debunking rumors that originate on sites created purely for the purpose of spreading fake news . A number of such sites are well-known hoax purveyors , but their articles have nonetheless achieved significant traction on social media , especially during times of national tension over prominent social issues .
For example , in October 2014 , during a time of widespread concern over the spread of the Ebola virus , the fake news site National Report spread a fabricated story about an Ebola-related quarantine in the small town of Purdon , Texas . That report was bunk , but the fear it engendered was genuine .
When you see a questionable news item online , go to the source site and see what other material they 've published . If their body of work consists entirely of shocking , outrageous , and too-good-to-be-true stories , they 're probably making it all up .
THE DECEPTION IS IN THE DETAILS
Among other techniques , fake news sites sometimes falsify corroboration from credible news outlets to lend their reports an air of verisimilitude and outrun skepticism . An example of this phenomenon took place in March 2015 , when a rumor claiming that motorcycle riders had been classified as gang members by the FBI made the social media rounds .
At first glance , the report looked to have originated with the venerable Washington Post . However , careful inspection revealed the story came from a fake news site , and that story had been republished by a site using a spoofed domain name imitative of the Washington Post ‘ s real domain name to fool readers .
Fake news sites have also been established to spoof MSNBC and thereby spread otherwise dubious stories . If a prominent news outlet 's domain name has been appended with .co or .info ( e.g. , washingtonpost.com.co ) , that domain likely points to a fake news site .
PICTURE DISS
One tactic employed by pranksters attempting to pull off online hoaxes and spread fake news stories involves the use of photographs . A good and believable photograph goes a long way towards getting social media users to buy what you 're selling .
Well-written or plausible ( but nonetheless fake ) news stories can often be spotted through the use of reverse image searching . Google Image Search and TinEye are two tools that can be used to search the web for a particular image , a process that often exposes fake news stories through their use of recycled photographs .
Examples of this misleading use of photographs include a circulated photograph that purportedly showed a woman whose mouth and eye had been sewn to shut by Muslims in Saudi Arabia due to their profession of their Christian faith . However , a reverse image search revealed that the picture actually originated in Japan and depicted an example of extreme body modification .
Another example of this trickery involved a Facebook scam about a baby supposedly born with their heart outside of their chest . Reverse image searches quickly revealed that the image was a real photograph of a baby with an unusual ( but different ) medical condition who had been diagnosed and treated years earlier . This type of trickery popped up again again when several disreputable web sites republished a fake news item about a CIA agent who had allegedly admitted on their death bed to having assassinated Marilyn Monroe . The photograph of the supposed CIA agent that accompanied those reports was actually stolen from an unrelated newspaper article published a year earlier .
WHERE IN THE WORLD ? …
Is a hard-to-believe claim spreading all over Twitter something that reportedly happened in a far-flung place ? Compelling tales are often assigned to locales in countries where news reports are difficult to verify .
Russia is often selected as the setting for wacky hijinks , such as an alleged photograph of a bear mauling or a claim that a cheating husband 's testicles had been stolen . China is another favored location , the putative site of stories such one about a man who sued their wife for bearing them ugly children , or a rumor that a miner was rescued after spending 17 years underground . Language barriers and perceived cultural differences make it easier to fabricate tales about foreign countries .
Nonsense links on the Internet do n't always follow the patterns described above . But more often than not , a critical aspect of credibility is lacking from outrageous stories .
Scenes From Rockville High As Students Stand Behind Their School
Students declare 'Rockville Strong ' despite strain of past week
By Bethany Rodgers
Students made signs with the `` Rockville Strong '' message to demonstrate unity on Thursday . Bethany Rodgers
Rockville High School Principal Billie-Jean Bensen tugged open their office blinds at lunchtime Thursday and peered out at a scene that was empty of television cameras for the first time all week .
Finally , they said . A day that felt somewhat normal .
The previous day had been a tough one , Bensen said . Inaccurate reports about safety concerns at the school had frayed nerves that were already stretched thin by the tumult surrounding rape allegations against two Rockville High teens last week . The horrifying reports drew even more attention because the accused students had recently arrived from Central America , a fact that plunged the school into the nation 's immigration debate and prompted comment from officials all the way up to the White House .
Calls and emails , some seething with anti-immigrant vitriol , flooded into nearly every publicly listed staff phone number and email address , Bensen said . The principal said she 's been concerned about the effect on all employees and students , but particularly Spanish speakers who might feel targeted by the hateful outpouring .
`` I think it 's important that we do n't let this horrible , horrible incident define Rockville High , '' Bensen said .
So on Thursday , students and staff united behind their school with the message , `` Rockville Strong . ''
Images of rams and bursts of orange – the Rockville High mascot and color – appeared on T-shirts , and classes created upbeat posters to tape across the hallway walls . Students arranged fresh flowers in front of a second-floor window .
Senior class president Mary Margaret Bilodeau partnered with Bensen , their classmates and the Hispanic Leadership Club to pull off the school-wide show of unity .
`` Our school is very diverse , and that 's something we celebrate , '' the 18-year-old student said .
`` The beginning of the week was definitely somber , and everyone was still shocked about what happened . People still are kind of freaked out , but talking about it really paid off , '' said Rockville High senior Mary Margaret Bilodeau , who helped coordinate the day of school pride . Photo by Bethany Rodgers .
`` Today is RockvilleStrong . We need to unite and show that we are one school together healing , '' Bensen told their students in their morning announcement . Photo by Bethany Rodgers .
`` The news stories last night were wrong . Yes we are getting horrible , ugly calls , and many of us are getting very ugly emails , but you are safe , '' Bensen announced to students on Thursday . `` Any negative actions planned for today are only going to keep the press here possibly writing more inaccurate stories . We all want them to go away . We want them to write articles about our award-winning newspaper , our music program , our sports team , our academic bowl winners , our super seniors and where they are going to college . '' Photo by Bethany Rodgers .
Rockville High expressed their school pride with posters displayed in the hallways on Thursday . Photo by Bethany Rodgers .
Bensen holds a paper bag full of encouraging notes from students . Though school staff has faced a flood of negativity , Bensen said they 've also gotten supportive messages from students , platters of food and bouquets of flowers from parents and expressions of solidarity from other Montgomery County Public Schools employees . Photo by Bethany Rodgers .
Posters of school pride hung in Rockville High 's hallways on Thursday . Photo by Bethany Rodgers .
SALT LAKE CITY — The Utah Jazz are facing the Minnesota Timberwolves at 6 p.m. Mountain time Friday night . Here 's what 's going on around the team .
Ricky Rubio return
Ricky Rubio is playing the Minnesota Timberwolves for the first time , having played there for six seasons . Naturally , they have a lot of friends in Minnesota and was somewhat sad to go , so this will be a bittersweet chance to play against their old team .
Canis Hoopus , the Minnesota Timberwolves blog for SB Nation , wrote this great compendium of Ricky Rubio 's best moments in Minnesota . If you have time , read the comments on that article , too . You start to realize how important Rubio was to Wolves fans .
Rubio also told Jerry Zgoda of the Star Tribune about returning home , and of course their former teammates razzed them a little bit about their new look . Zgoda has video and some good quotes from shootaround Friday .
Raul Neto , Rodney Hood available
Raul Neto has been cleared to play and is available for tonight 's game , according to Tony Jones of the Salt Lake Tribune .
Utah Jazz guard Raul Neto has been cleared and will play tonight against Minnesota— Tony Jones ( @ tribjazz ) October 20 , 2017
We 'll see who plays more backup point guard tonight : Donovan Mitchell or Neto . Given Burks ' good play Wednesday , I think it might be more realistic to see Mitchell play more there , but we 'll see .
Rodney Hood will also be available , though limited :
Jazz guard Rodney Hood told The Tribune they will play tonight , but that he 's still not quite at 100 percent . They still have a stomach bug— Tony Jones ( @ tribjazz ) October 20 , 2017
Joel Bolomboy signing two-way contract
Joel Bolomboy is in Milwaukee today , according to their Instagram story . While it had been reported that Bolomboy was eligible to be selected in tomorrow 's G-League draft , Bolomboy signed a last-minute two-way contract with the Bucks first .
The Milwaukee Bucks are signing Joel Bolomboy to a two-way contract , per league sources— Chris Reichert ( @ Chris_Reichert ) October 20 , 2017
Bolomboy , then , takes the spot of another Utahn who was recently waived : Utah State 's Jalen Moore . It was actually Moore 's call to step away from the game because of their troubles with anxiety .
Isaiah Cousins trade
Speaking of the G-League draft , the Stars traded away their No . 2 pick in the draft on Thursday for Isaiah Cousins and the No . 33 pick in the draft .
Cousins deserves the pick because of their production last year , scoring 17 points per game for high-powered Reno . They are n't particularly efficient , only shooting 29 percent from three , but did add 5.8 rebounds and 4.0 assists per game there . Cousins was the No . 59 pick in the 2016 NBA Draft . He 's a 6-foot-6 shooting guard , so they do have NBA size , and is 23 years old . There might be something there .
The G-League draft is Saturday at 11 a.m , we 'll see who the Jazz draft with the No . 33 pick and their other selections .
Here 's the full list of available players to draft . Some notable names :
Tyrell Corbin , son of former Jazz coach Tyrone Corbin .
Daesung Lee , who played their final collegiate season at BYU-Hawaii , scoring 5.7 PPG in 2012-13 .
Scott Machado , who played six games for the Houston Rockets in 2012-13 .
Amjyot Singh , `` Indian basketball 's future superstar . ''
Tony Wroten , who played in 145 NBA games with Philadelphia and Memphis and averaged 11.3 points per game . He 's only 24 ! I 'm kind of amazed he 's in this draft .
The ink was barely dry on the new agreement between National Football League owners and players when word came out of Ravens headquarters that the team was releasing four popular players , including their two top receivers . Already the day the deed was done is being called Black Monday .
If the four month lockout did not drive home the message that professional football is all about money , then showing the door to Derrick Mason , Todd Heap , Kelly Gregg and Willis McGahee , some of the most beloved Ravens , certainly did .
These veteran players had to go , Ravens general manger Ozzie Newsome said , to give the team the financial flexibility to sign younger , more sought-after players , especially offensive linemen . Teams have a $ 120 million cap on how much they can pay their rosters . Not renewing the contracts of these four players gave the Ravens an estimated $ 18.6 million of recaptured wealth .
It appears that Mr. McGahee , a slashing running back with a $ 6 million annual salary , will take their talents elsewhere . It has been clear that their role on the team was in jeopardy since Ray Rice burst onto the scene at running back three years ago . As for the others , it is possible that during the coming hurly-burly period of signings and player movements , the Ravens will try to resign Messrs. Heap , Mason and Gregg to less expensive contracts . We hope that is the case . For in addition to their considerable accomplishments on the field — Mr. Mason leads the Ravens in catches , Mr. Heap is the team 's all-time team leader in touchdowns , and Mr. Gregg , when healthy , plays a mean defensive tackle — these players have developed a strong rapport with the community .
It would be hard for the legions of fans who wear Mr. Heap 's jersey to imagine a fall Sunday afternoon without the call of `` Heap ! '' resounding through M & T Bank Stadium every time they catch the ball .
Mr. Gregg , the son of an Oklahoma police officer , has been described by sports writers as a tireless worker , devoid of ego and one of the most popular and funniest players in the Ravens ' locker room . He 's the kind of guy Baltimore can identify with .
Mr. Mason was downright sentimental after learning of their fate yesterday . `` I appreciate every moment and every cheer , '' they said on their WBAL radio program . `` Every autograph I gave , I gave because I wanted to give it . I love that city . I love the people inside of it . I do n't think there is a better city you can play for than Baltimore . They embraced me through the ups and downs , and , I truly , from the bottom of my heart will always appreciate and love those fans in Baltimore . ''
With all the pageantry and tradition surrounding the game there is still a disconnect between the sentiment that football fans feel for professional football and the cold , hard financial realities that keep it operating . So pro football is back for another season , but some Ravens fan favorites might not be on the field . The release of these four stalwarts serves as a bitter reminder that football is business , and that the loyalty fans feel toward a team is mostly a one-way street .
But for what it 's worth , Mr. Mason , the feeling is mutual .
In South Park : Bigger , Longer , and Uncut , offensive television characters Terrance and Phillip inspire moral indignation within a small Colorado town , sparking a movement of outraged parents who actively organize to censor the actors . Rather than focusing their energy on the individuals in question , the parents launch into an over-the-top campaign ( complete with song and dance ) targeting the entire country of Canada , where Terrance and Phillip live . Their crusade to “ Blame Canada ” drives the plotline to equally comedic and ridiculous lengths .
We have a similar short fuse in the United States . Though we do n't launch into full-scale invasions of our quiet northerly neighbors ( at least , not yet ) , many Americans tend to miss the mark when attributing blame for our largest problems and woes . This propensity of impugning ideological strawmen usually places capitalism in the crosshairs of America 's most outraged .
On This Episode of “ Blame Capitalism ” : The EpiPen
One does n't have to look far from today 's headlines to see this pattern . The latest controversy : the price of the EpiPen – Mylan 's famous medical auto-injector that delivers an immediate and measured dose of epinephrine – recently skyrocketed 400 % , causing an uproar amongst 3.6 million people who depend upon the prescribed product . For those who live in fear of anaphylactic shock , the cost of living quite literally went up .
What is usually left out in any anti-capitalist blather written in response to this controversy is an accurate depiction of how free markets actually work .
Riding the wave of mass outrage , the usual political suspects rise to the occasion .
“ There 's no reason an EpiPen , which costs Mylan just a few dollars to make , should cost families more than $ 600 , ” tweets Bernie Sanders . ( I 'll get to this claim later . )
“ EpiPens can be the difference between life and death . There 's no justification for these price hikes , ” tweets Hillary Clinton .
The latter comment entails an awe-inspiring amount of irony coming from an individual who charges approximately $ 200,000 per speech . I talks most certainly do n't save lives .
But I digress .
The majority of criticisms over this affair have targeted Mylan – and for obvious reasons . Mylan 's CEO Heather Bresch experienced a 671 percent increase in total compensation during the same time frame of the EpiPen 's price hike .
The caricature of the greedy capitalist – pinching and twirling their handlebar mustache with one hand , holding a huge bag of money with dollar signs imprinted on it with the other – almost paints itself . This caricature is , however , greatly diminished based on the inconvenience of Bresch 's gender and complete lack of mustache . Also , their baseline salary is actually quite modest for a Big Pharma executive .
The Free Market That Was n't
After finishing off Mylan and Bresch at the gallows , many critics then turned their mob rage toward the philosophical tenets of capitalism .
“ The current controversy over the price of the EpiPen , manufactured by Mylan , Inc. , is quite instructive with respect to the nature of capitalism , ” writes blogger Craig Calcaterra .
Oh , really ?
Unfortunately federal regulators continue to buffer the padding that surrounds Mylan 's monopoly .
Halle Tecco , professor at the Business School of Colombia , labeled this controversy the “ byproduct of free-market capitalism . ”
Oh , is it ?
What is usually left out in any anti-capitalist blather written in response to this controversy is an accurate depiction of how free markets actually work .
In what other markets can a business jack up its prices without alienating its customers and pushing them toward competitors ? Answer : when that market has no other competitors . Emily Willingham of Forbes explained it aptly with a recent article titled , “ Why Did Mylan Hike EpiPen Prices 400 % ? Because They Could . ”
In early 2016 , Sanofi , Mylan 's primary competitor , discontinued its line of Auvi-Q auto-injectors , similar to Mylan 's product . With Auvi-Q out the picture , Mylan gained 98 market share of epinephrine injectors .
But surely a new business will take advantage of this public relations debacle , enter the market , and offer a more affordable option , right ?
From the time this bill was introduced to the date it was signed by Obama , Mylan 's stock was up nearly 20 % .
Unfortunately – and as no surprise to libertarians and free market advocates – federal regulators continue to buffer the padding that surrounds Mylan 's monopoly . Shortly after the Auvi-Q recall , Teva Pharmaceutical Industries pitched a generic version of the EpiPen . However , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) squashed their efforts , citing “ major deficiencies ” in their application . Teva plans to appeal the decision , but wo n't be able to effectively move forward until 2017 at the earliest .
Teva is n't alone in this struggle . Windgap Medical , a Boston startup , and Adamis , a small biotech firm based in San Diego , have both struggled to bypass FDA 's barriers of entry in the marketplace as well .
If you need further convincing that the FDA impedes the market , consider the following :
The average time it takes for a drug to go from the lab to the medicine cabinet is 12 years
Only 1 in 5,000 new drugs will make it through the FDA approval
Based on the regulatory burden of creating new medicine , the average price tag for research and development for a new compound is $ 2.6 billion
So , no , Bernie – it is n't always just a “ few dollars ” to produce a pharmaceutical product . The price tag of producing that “ first pill ” is often steep .
An Unironic “ Thanks Obama ”
Those companies who “ paid to play ” are providing a textbook example of crony capitalism , not free market capitalism .
Mylan 's monopoly was also bolstered by the White House . In 2013 , President Obama signed into law the School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act . The program incentivizes the school system to stockpile EpiPens by dangling the carrot of federal grant monies in front of financially beleaguered school districts . From the time this bill was introduced to the date it was signed by Obama , Mylan 's stock was up nearly 20 % .
But this little piece of legislation pales in comparison to the benefit doled out by the Affordable Care Act . Following Obamacare 's codification , net spending on prescription drugs increased nearly 20 % . Meanwhile , the pharmaceutical industry experienced a renaissance era of whirlwind profits : estimates of profits over the next decade range from $ 10 billion to $ 35 billion – a hefty door prize for the industry lobbyists who crafted the ACA legislation .
The EpiPen is not a microcosm ; the cost of other prescription drugs are also on the rise . A House of Representatives report found that ten different drugs experienced even larger price hikes , starting as low as 420 % and as high as 8,000 % .
Those companies who “ paid to play ” are providing a textbook example of crony capitalism , not free market capitalism .
Considering the scope of government intervention in this specific marketplace , rather than blaming the free market for this controversy , a more appropriate response would be “ what free market ? ” And now , lawmakers are ironically “ demanding answers ” from Mylan . If forced to speak in front of a Congressional panel and asked what inspired this price hike , Bresch and company should be encouraged to hold up a mirror to lawmakers ' faces .
Not long ago , it would not have been at all wishy-washy to see the trade that brought Curtis Granderson to the Yankees as a three-way tie .
After all , as recently as 2011 , Ian Kennedy was finishing fourth in the NL Cy Young vote for the Diamondbacks , Granderson was finishing fourth in the AL MVP tally and the triumvirate of Austin Jackson , Max Scherzer and Phil Coke were helping the Tigers to the ALCS .
Win . Win . Win .
But , with more precincts weighing in , we can more accurately declare a winner of that December 2009 trade . All three teams made the playoffs in 2011 . The Yankees and Tigers made it in 2012 . And it looks as if just the Tigers will qualify in 2013 .
The defending AL champion Tigers are close to nailing down their third straight AL Central title while Kennedy — following a brutal year and a half with Arizona in 2012-13 — is now a Padre and Granderson is completing an injury-marred season before free agency .
Perhaps we should have seen this coming . The Tigers , under general manager Dave Dombrowski , can lay claim to being one of the most successful traders in the sport . If you want to give a nod to the Rays under GM Andrew Friedman , you will get minimal argument here .
But the current Tigers are a tribute to mastering the art of the deal . A GM who wins even 60 percent of their trades should be viewed as a virtuoso . Dombrowski is better than that . Their masterpiece came in December 2007 , when they turned six prospects , notably Cameron Maybin and Andrew Miller , into Miguel Cabrera and Dontrelle Willis . Willis was a bust , but this trade would have worked just six-for-Cabrera or even eight or 10 .
In Cabrera and Scherzer , the Tigers might have the MVP ( for a second straight year ) and Cy Young winner .
In the past three Julys , Dombrowski has obtained Doug Fister , Anibal Sanchez and Jose Iglesias . Sanchez is leading the AL in ERA ( and Detroit got second baseman Omar Infante in that trade , as well ) . Fister is in the top 20 in ERA . Iglesias was a bold move to solidify the infield after Jhonny Peralta was suspended 50 games for their involvement with Biogenesis .
What makes Detroit 's chess work so impressive is the franchise annually goes unloved by those that rank farm systems . Yet , whenever the Tigers need to make a trade , Dombrowski has a ) the pieces necessary and b ) the nerve necessary , which should not be understated in an era when teams are so protective of their farm systems .
When I recently asked Dombrowski about why they always have prospects at the ready when the perception is they do n't , they told a story about being with the Expos in spring 1992 and reading a publication that had their outfield ranked as the worst three-man unit in the NL . That outfield was Moises Alou , Marquis Grissom and Larry Walker .
“ I learned not to care what others thought , only what we thought , ” Dombrowski said . “ The guys who are ranking , they have never seen our players . ”
Dombrowski said Detroit tends to low-key its prospects , not overtout them just to get notice . But , vitally , the Tigers also do not overhype the youngsters to themselves . When they have a keeper , such as Justin Verlander , they keep him . Aside from that , they are open-minded because , Dombrowski explained , “ The title is ‘ prospect . ' ”
In addition , Dombrowski tends to focus on what makes their team better rather than obsessing on making a slam-dunk deal . I can not tell you how many GMs I hear complain about the market being frozen because so many of their counterparts will not move unless they have a no-brainer , kill-the-other-side move .
With the Tigers , for example , the cost for Iglesias was the well-regarded outfielder Avisail Garcia . But Detroit is trying to win now and had a giant hole coming at shortstop .
“ We did n't want to trade Avisail Garcia , ” Dombrowski said . “ We think they are going to be a very good player . The question for us is how good is the player we are getting back . We think Jose Iglesias is going to be a very good player , too . ”
Such was life when Detroit dealt Granderson . Dombrowski understood Granderson would help the Yankees . There should not be a heavy dose of Monday Morning Quarterbacking here . The Yankees knew they were buying for today and risking tomorrow , especially when it came to surrendering Jackson . They had lost the lefty heft of Johnny Damon and Hideki Matsui following the 2009 championship and projected Granderson to have an ideal swing for the right-field porch .
From 2010-12 , Granderson was fourth in the majors in homers ( 108 ) and had 10 more than anybody ( 84 ) between 2011-12 . Give the Yankees just a healthy Granderson for all of 2013 — rather than losing them to two freak hand injuries from being hit by pitches — and it is very possible they would lead the wild-card race right now . It remains possible the Yankees will re-sign Granderson after the season .
This trade was not a bust for them .
But the team that has received the most to date from that heralded deal and promises to get more is the Tigers . Coke became a liability this year and could get non-tendered in the offseason . But Scherzer can not be a free agent until after next season , Jackson until after 2015 .
Do n't bet against Dombrowski , the master of the trade , finding their replacements , if necessary .
Nothing like buying a new van and having it destroyed 4 days later along with the trailer that was rented and a ton of gear . Vintage Gretsch drum kit - tears for that . The band have been stranded in Baton Rouge since Friday and are so sad to have had to miss playing the Baton Rouge , Atlanta and Carborro shows . But they are on the way to buy their second van in a week and will make it to play DC and the rest of the tour dates with Boris barring any other disasters . Thank you to everyone who has offered to help , and should anyone care to donate you can send via email through paypal it has been set up to do so at : russiancircles @ sargenthouse.com . Your kindness has meant the world to all of us in the Russian Circles camp .
Dennis the Menace was an American sitcom based on the Hank Ketcham comic strip of the same name . It preceded The Ed Sullivan Show on Sunday evenings on CBS from October 1959 to July 1963 . The series starred Jay North as Dennis Mitchell ; Herbert Anderson as their father , Henry ; Gloria Henry as their mother , Alice ; Joseph Kearns as George Wilson ; Gale Gordon as George 's brother , John Wilson ; Sylvia Field as George 's wife , Martha Wilson ; and Sara Seegar as John 's wife , Eloise Wilson .
Originally sponsored by Kellogg 's cereals and Best Foods ( Skippy peanut butter ) , the series was produced by Dariell Productions and Screen Gems . [ 1 ]
Plot summary [ edit ]
The show follows the lives of the Mitchell family – Henry , Alice , and their only child , Dennis , an energetic , trouble-prone , mischievous , but well-meaning boy , who often tangles first with their peace-and-quiet-loving neighbor , George Wilson , a retired salesperson , and later with George 's brother John , a writer .
While the series was based on the Dennis the Menace comic strip , there are differences between the two . On the sitcom and in the comics , Dennis is basically a good , well-intentioned boy who always tries to help people , but winds up making situations worse – often at Mr. Wilson 's expense . In early episodes of the first season , more outlandish disasters occurred as a result of their actions . The character of Dennis was toned down by the sixth or seventh episode . Instead of Dennis 's dog Ruff , a smaller Cairn Terrier ( per the episode `` Miss Cathcart 's Friend '' ) named Fremont belonged to George and Martha Wilson . They did not appear during the fourth season , when John and Eloise Wilson moved into 625 Elm Street .
First season [ edit ]
With CBS seeking to replace the hit show it had lost when it allowed Leave It to Beaver to migrate to ABC , a pilot episode titled `` Dennis Goes To The Movies '' was filmed in late 1958 . In the pilot , Dennis was younger and their speech , voice tone , and character had not been as developed as in episodes later in the 1959–1960 season . In the episode , Dennis causes much destruction such as burying a hose ( installing an automatic sprinkler system ) , trying to repair a leg on the kitchen table and causing it to collapse , almost knocking Mr. Wilson off the ladder and causing them to ruin their shoes as they step in a can of paint , among other things . Dennis ' parents then announce that they are going to the movies to see a Western ( that Dennis wanted to see `` all my life '' ) and that Dennis would stay home with a sitter .
Because none of the babysitters in the neighborhood would help out because of Dennis 's mischief , the Mitchells find an older lady , Mrs. Porter ( Madge Blake ) , who has never met Dennis . Dennis then switches places with Joey and sneaks out to the same movie their parents are seeing . Joey stays home and Mrs. Porter thinks they are Dennis . Meanwhile , Dennis causes havoc at the theater , even demanding that the projectionist repeat a scene . Their parents suspect that Dennis is there causing these problems and call Mrs. Porter at the house ; they assure them that Dennis has been good . Dennis beats their parents home and is in bed by the time they return , but they make noises trying to borrow Mr. Wilson 's ladder to climb back into their upstairs bedroom window . This causes Mr. Wilson to go outside to see what is wrong . Mr. Wilson is arrested for armed robbery when they are found with Dennis 's toy gun . The final scene where Joey jumps into bed with Dennis was filmed in the summer of 1959 , after half a dozen episodes had been filmed ( Dennis was several months older , has a different hairstyle , and is wearing different clothes ) to make the episode fit the half-hour time segment .
In early 1959 , several other episodes were filmed , including `` The Fishing Trip '' , `` Dennis Gets a Duck '' , `` Dennis Runs Away '' , `` The Cowboy '' , `` Open House '' ( Margaret 's debut ; this episode was made before , but aired after , `` The Sign Post '' ) , and `` Dennis Becomes a Babysitter '' ( in which Margaret also appears ) . At that point , CBS consented to air the program at 7:30 pm ET on Sunday evenings after Lassie . After viewing these episodes , CBS determined that Dennis 's antics had to be toned down lest their actions would encourage children watching the show to imitate Dennis .
Several weeks before the series debuted , the episode `` The Sign Post '' was produced in which Tommy made their debut . Margaret , who appeared in two episodes that were made before but aired after , appeared along with Joey . After the pilot aired as the first episode , `` The Sign Post '' aired and after that `` Fishing Trip '' , the second episode , aired . After that , newly made episodes aired mixed in with the initial batch made earlier in 1959 , which explains why `` Dennis Runs Away '' , which was the fourth or fifth episode was run later in the first run , and shows an obviously younger Dennis as in the earlier episodes . Also , the episode `` Dennis and The Rare Coin '' was aired before `` Dennis Runs Away '' , but aired after . On both episodes , Dennis is at the police station . On `` Dennis and The Rare Coin '' where Dennis is given milk , they state , `` last time I came here I got ice cream '' , referring to the episode `` Dennis Runs Away '' where they got an ice-cream cone at the police station , which was made before , but aired after . Joey was gradually phased out in season one . Dennis 's friend Stewart appeared in a few episodes in the first season , played by Ron Howard , who soon after became Opie Taylor on The Andy Griffith Show .
Later seasons [ edit ]
Jay North as Dennis and Jeannie Russell as Margaret Wade , 1963 : In this final fourth season , Dennis no longer wears their trademark overalls .
Dennis and Mr. Wilson had a love-hate relationship , with Dennis always aggravating Mr. Wilson , but usually without realizing it . They would call Mr. Wilson their `` best friend '' , and often referred to them as `` Good 'Ol Mr. Wilson '' , while on many occasions , Mr. Wilson would tell Dennis , `` You have far better friends than me . '' Mrs. Wilson , however , loved Dennis in a grandmotherly way and tried to make the situation better between the two . Other neighbors and townspeople aired on a recurring basis included Mrs. Lucy Elkins ( a widowed neighbor and the town gossip ) , Mrs. Dorothy Holland ( another widow who aired on a recurring basis in season one only ) , Miss Esther Cathcart ( a lonely spinster ) , Mr. Otis Quigley ( the grocer ) , Opie Swanson ( the TV/appliance store owner ) , Mr. Lawrence Finch ( the druggist ) , Sgt . Harold Mooney ( the police officer ) , Mr. Krinkie ( the newspaper editor ) , and Buzz ( the local handyman ) , among others . Dennis also had a nemesis named Johnny Brady , whose father and Henry Mitchell also were sometimes at odds .
Second- and third-season episodes began to focus on Dennis at school learning to read , going to camp , playing baseball , being in scouting , and trying to help Mr. Wilson . Dennis was gradually maturing , and at times , Mr. Wilson is revealed to like Dennis deep down . In the fourth season , Dennis is no longer seen in their trademark overalls , and is instead wearing regular pants . Also , the famous striped shirt goes from a crew-neck to a `` polo '' -type shirt with a collar and buttons .
Death of Joseph Kearns [ edit ]
Jay North as Dennis and Gale Gordon as John Wilson , 1962
On February 17 , 1962 , after filming the show 's 100th episode , Joseph Kearns died of a cerebral hemorrhage . In a 2010 interview , actor Gloria Henry revealed Kearns followed a strict six-week Metrecal diet that may have contributed to their death . [ 2 ] The following two episodes were filmed without the character of Mr. Wilson . Gale Gordon joined the cast for the last six episodes of the season as Mr. Wilson 's brother John . Gordon bore a closer resemblance to the comic strip 's Mr. Wilson than Kearns did . It was explained that John was staying as a guest while George was settling an estate back east . Sylvia Field , who played Martha Wilson , was let go at the end of the season . In the fourth and final season , John Wilson purchased the house from their brother , although where George and Martha had moved was never explained . They were joined by their wife Eloise , played by Sara Seegar . Final references to George and Martha Wilson were made early in the fourth season , although they were not mentioned by name after the first episode . George Wilson was referred to as `` the other Mr. Wilson '' in the second episode , and John Wilson says in the seventh episode they bought the house from their brother . After that , the original Wilsons were never mentioned again .
Cast [ edit ]
Main characters [ edit ]
Dennis Mitchell ( Jay North ) is the series protagonist ( 146 episodes , 1959–1963 ) .
Henry Mitchell ( Herbert Anderson ) is Dennis ' father and Alice 's husband ( 144 episodes , 1959–1963 ) .
Alice Mitchell ( Gloria Henry ) is Henry Mitchell 's wife and Dennis 's mother ( 145 episodes , ( 1959–1963 )
Mr. George Wilson ( Joseph Kearns ) is the Mitchells ' neighbor ; they are often exasperated with Dennis 's antics , though is proud that Dennis considers them their best friend . George has a dog named Fremont . Kearns appeared in 101 episodes from 1959 to 1962 ; their last work was aired posthumously in the episode `` The Man Next Door '' on May 6 , 1962 .
Mrs. Martha Wilson ( Sylvia Field ) is George Wilson 's wife , a loving , grandmotherly type neighbor who enjoys Dennis 's company . The Wilsons had no children . Martha Wilson was written out of the series after Joseph Kearns ' death ( 90 episodes , 1959–62 ) .
Tommy Anderson ( Billy Booth ) is Dennis 's closest friend ( 111 episodes , 1959–1963 ) .
Mr. John Wilson ( Gale Gordon ) is George Wilson 's brother . Gordon 's first episode is entitled `` John Wilson 's Cushion '' , which aired on May 27 , 1962 . Gordon appeared in 43 episodes from 1962 to 1963 .
Eloise Wilson ( Sara Seegar ) is John Wilson 's wife ( 36 episodes , 1962–1963 ) .
Recurring characters [ edit ]
Guest stars [ edit ]
Others appearing on the series include :
Episodes [ edit ]
Season Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired 1 32 October 4 , 1959 ( ) June 6 , 1960 ( 1960-06-06 ) 2 38 October 2 , 1960 ( ) June 25 , 1961 ( 1961-06-25 ) 3 38 October 1 , 1961 ( ) July 1 , 1962 ( 1962-07-01 ) 4 38 September 30 , 1962 ( ) July 7 , 1963 ( 1963-07-07 )
Production notes [ edit ]
The fictional `` Blondie Street '' located at Columbia Ranch in Burbank , California ( now the Warner Ranch ) was the backdrop for the series .
The Mitchells ' house was constructed between 1934 and 1935 for the movie Party Wire . It was later moved and became well known as the home of the Stone family on The Donna Reed Show in 1958 , before becoming the home of the Mitchell family in 1959 .
The Wilsons ' house was constructed between 1936 and 1937 for the Blondie film series . This structure , after some transformation , became well known as the home of the Andersons in Father Knows Best before becoming the home of the Wilsons , and later , the home of Major Nelson and Jeannie in I Dream of Jeannie . The house can also be seen in episodes of Bewitched and The Partridge Family .
The Partridge Family house , located on the same street , was used as the home of Mrs. Elkins ( a Mitchell neighbor ) . It can be seen in the episode `` The Man Next Door '' ( season three , episode 30 ) in which Mr. Wilson and Dennis believe a jewel thief is living next door and climb into a basement window of the home . It was also used as Miss Cathcart 's house in the episode `` Miss Cathcart 's Sunsuit '' ( season one , episode 32 ) . The corner church , together with The Partridge Family house , burned down in a fire in August 1970 . Both were rebuilt to specification , albeit the church was moved further back and in a different configuration and smaller . Prior to The Partridge Family , the house facade was used by the characters of Mr. and Mrs. Kravitz on Bewitched . Now , all of these houses still exist at the Warner Ranch and are used primarily as storage space and production offices across from the suburban park it faces .
The garage of the well-known address , 1164 Morning Glory Circle , used as the Bewitched house , can also be seen in several episodes .
Ratings [ edit ]
Ratings Season Rank ( Rating ) 1 ) 1959–60 # 16 ( 26.0 ) 2 ) 1960–61 # 11 ( 26.1 ) 3 ) 1961–62 # 17 ( 23.8 ) 4 ) 1962–63 Not In The Top 30
Cancellation [ edit ]
By the show 's fourth season , Jay North was 11 years old and was outgrowing the antics associated with their character . CBS cancelled Dennis the Menace in the spring of 1963 .
Syndication [ edit ]
In 1963 , NBC began airing reruns of the series on Saturday mornings for two seasons – the show entered syndication in 1965 . It has run consistently on local stations over subsequent years . On July 1 , 1985 , [ 12 ] the Nickelodeon cable network began airing the series , and continued until October 21 , 1994 . [ 13 ] It also aired on TV Land from 2002 to 2003 . On January 3 , 2011 , Dennis the Menace began airing on Antenna TV .
The show was exported to the United Kingdom and shown on the ITV network , with 103 episodes airing in the London region between 1960 and 1966 . To avoid confusion with the British comic character , the series was known in the UK as Just Dennis .
Dennis The Menace is currently available in its entirety on the Hulu streaming service .
Home releases [ edit ]
Shout ! Factory has released all four seasons on DVD in Region 1 . On August 7 , 2012 , Shout ! Factory released a 20-episode best-of set entitled Dennis the Menace- 20 Timeless Episodes .
DVD Name Episodes Release Date Season one 32 March 29 , 2011 Season two 38 July 26 , 2011 Season three 38 October 25 , 2011 Season four 38 January 10 , 2012
See also [ edit ]
Moms Mabley cicrca 1970 . Photo by Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images ( photo from HBO )
When you think of a radical , it 's safe to assume you 're not envisioning a toothless cleaning woman who speaks in black Southern patois .
For Jackie “ Moms ” Mabley , that was precisely the point .
HBO recently aired “ Whoopi Goldberg Presents Moms Mabley , ” a documentary that examined the life and influence of the famed comedian .
Much of the knowledge of Mabley 's early life is fuzzy , but legend has it that they experienced pain that was n't uncommon to black women and girls in the rural South in the early 1900s .
“ You always hear that comics , the best of us , come from pain , ” Arsenio Hall says in an interview with Goldberg . “ Was n't Moms raped twice ? ”
Goldberg : “ That 's the story . And put both children up for adoption . ”
Hall : “ If pain makes you funny , we definitely know why they were hilarious . ”
Whether it was personal , or whether they were simply giving a voice to others , Mabley was touching on a very real and , too often shushed , aspect of black women 's lives when they told jokes about old men not having anything that interested them It 's difficult to say whether Mabley 's jokes were a wink and a nudge at their own sexual orientation — Mabley was a lesbian — their past experiences with sexual assault , or both .
“ People have said this was tied up with what happened to them in their youth , ” Goldberg says in the documentary , which they directed and produced . “ Nobody knows what happened . There are many , many stories . But they knew it worked . They knew there were a lot of people , particularly women , who had been in that position and I think it 's more them saying , ‘ Hey , I know . You 're not alone . You 're not alone . ' ”
Goldberg later asserts that Mabley 's history is the history of black people in America , and she 's not wrong . For those of us with Southern roots , it 's the story of many of our grandmothers .
“ I married too young , ” quips Mabley , who grew up in rural North Carolina . “ Fifteen years old . When I come along , your parents picked who you marry . And my daddy picked this old man . Old man . Older than dirt . My daddy liked him . My daddy should have married him . ”
The marriage joke is part of Mabley 's act . She 's said to have run away from home when they were 14 years old , and their father died in an accident when they were eleven .
My own grandmother was married off at 16 to a man at least twice their age and had 10 children . They were sharecroppers and my grandfather was a preacher . According to McDonald family lore , they were so evil and so abusive , one of my aunts joked that everybody high-fived when they finally kicked the bucket .
“ It 's more widespread than people typically think , ” said Dr. Sharon Harley , an associate professor of African American studies at the University of Maryland . “ Often there is a veil of silence around sexual assaults and around black women 's sexuality because of this trope of the highly sexual , sexually promiscuous African American woman coming from slavery and the post-emancipation period . ”
In the hopes of countering this Jezebel narrative , black women doubled down , refusing to discuss anything sexual and presenting themselves as sexually “ pure , ” silencing any conversation around rape in the process . It would n't have been respectable . In that sense , any references in Mabley 's act to rape would have been far more outré than anything alluding to them homosexuality .
We 're used to hearing about respectability politics with regard to race — this idea that you must behave or dress or talk a certain way in order for your experiences to be perceived as valid , but it can be just as destructive when used against women in reference to their sexuality .
Respectability politics is dangerous because it erases stories that are important , stories that shape our view of history . The politics surrounding black 's women 's sexuality grew out a cauldron of racialized misogyny that we 've finally started to unpack .
“ Historians do n't begin to write about this in a significant way until the last 10 or 20 years , ” Harley said . “ I think in that genre , black women and issues about blacks have been talked about less frequently than say , slavery and the like , but that changes in the last 10 years because people do n't feel the same obligation to present a certain kind of image of black folk , particularly black women . This notion of black women and Jezebels , and what it would mean for the race to talk about this sort of things is less prevalent among young scholars and scholars who are part of the LGBT community … Now we realize , just as race matters and gender matters and class matters , sexuality matters . ”
Through humor , Mabley gave us a path to cauterize wounds caused by sexual violence : “ You know Moms do n't like old men . Anytime you see me with my arm around an old man , I 'm holding them for the police . ”
The comic might have been bruised , but they certainly are n't broken , and their act was n't defined by dirty old man bashing . Them career spanned more than 50 years . Mabley got their digs in at everyone , and they were a master of skewering respectability politics , both racial and sexual .
In their 1967 television debut , Mabley played a maid to a black bourgeoisie couple , the Gramercys , who were convinced their elevated economic status would allow them to bypass racism . The couple had moved into an integrated building , and Mr. Gramercy tried , unsuccessfully , to sneak a watermelon into the building .
“ I 'll ice it and dice it for you , ” Mabley said , enthusiastically launching into a rendition of “ Watermelon Man . ”
Horrified , Gramercy sank into their wife 's lap .
“ Ohhh , Momsie , ” they cried , “ Now everyone will know we 're colooooooooooored ! ”
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Sergio Aguero gave Manchester City another injury scare by limping out of the Etihad Stadium tonight .
The little Argentinian striker also had no sock on their right foot as they gingerly made their way past reporters towards their car .
But when asked if they would be fit to play next week , when the Blues travel to Stoke , Kun beamed a big smile and said : “ Tomorrow ! ”
That backed up manager Manuel Pellegrini 's assessment that Aguero had taken a kick on their heel , although it looked as though they had fallen awkwardly on their ankle .
Pellegrini was already preparing to replace them with Wilfried Bony before they picked up the injury , as City seek to nurse them through their first few games back from a hamstring problem .
Kun was out for five weeks after tearing the muscle on international duty last month .
They are unlikely to start against Hull in the League Cup on Tuesday , with Bony and Kelechi Iheanacho in line for run-outs .
NEW BRUNSWICK -- Michael Dotro , the former Edison cop who orchestrated a series retaliation plots against those who crossed him , including other officers , was sentenced to 20 years in prison Thursday for firebombing their supervisor 's home .
`` The reality is that this person took their position as a police officer and turned it into a nightmarish storyline , '' Superior Court Judge Pedro Jimenez said before handing down the sentence . `` His time as a police officer was a complete fraud . ''
Dotro , 40 , of Manalapan , will have to serve 17 years in prison before they are eligible for parole as part of a plea deal they struck with the prosecutor 's office last month , bringing to an end two arson cases and a host of misconduct charges .
Dotro , who was an Edison cop for 10 years , will also have to be resentenced on a separate payback plan after violating their probation by intimidating a witness set to testify at their trial .
Dotro 's attorney , Robert Norton , asked the judge to sentence their client to the low-end of the plea deal , arguing that Dotro can be rehabilitated .
Assistant Prosecutor Russell Curley said Dotro disgraced the oath they took as a police officer in their `` vengeful '' plots , including the May 2013 firebombing of now-Deputy Chief Mark Anderko 's house while their family was inside .
`` The fact that there were five Anderkos in the house that had to scramble out to save their lives , '' Curley said asking the judge for the full 20-year sentence as part of the deal . `` His lack of remorse is just staggering . There 's no risk of re-offense , it 's a certainty . ''
`` This was n't just an impulse decision to do , '' Curley said of the firebombing .
Dotro admitted to setting fire to their then-captain 's house the day before opening statements were scheduled for a trial in which they and their wife faced numerous charges stemming from the slashing of a woman 's car tires . They pleaded guilty to one count of attempted murder and arson in the fire , as part of the deal .
`` Sneaking up on a home in the early morning hours while everyone was asleep and knowing that other people were in the home , that 's depraved , there 's no doubt , '' Jimenez said . `` This was a targeted effort by Dotro . ''
Authorities have said that the officer was angry with Anderko , who days before the fire switched Dotro 's shift and ordered them to undergo a fitness-for-duty evaluation with a psychologist after their 11th excessive force complaint .
The plea deal also closes the tire-slashing case against Dotro and their wife after the former officer admitted to one count of official misconduct .
Dotro was accused of cyberbullying a woman who worked in the police department , slashing their tires and accessing the department 's computer database illegally about the incident .
Additionally , Dotro faced accusations of buying and keeping marijuana and paraphernalia in their police bag along with prohibited weapons , including a blackjack and brass knuckles .
Their wife , Alycia Dotro , who was facing more than 21 years in prison in the trial , was admitted to pre-trial intervention as part of a separate deal with the prosecutor 's office . If they complete the two-year term in the program , the charges against them -- which include drug charges and lying to investigators -- will be dropped .
`` You 're a monster , a manipulative monster , '' Alycia Dotro said to their husband in an outburst before the sentencing hearing began .
Following the sentencing , they told reporters they only attended the proceeding to see them get taken away in handcuffs .
`` You do n't know what has gone on behind closed doors for the last four years , '' they said .
`` He clearly dragged them into this hellhole of a life that they led , '' Jiminez said during sentencing .
NJ Advance Media previously reported that the couple had been running a successful restaurant in Freehold , Alycia 's Bistro , after the charges came out and gave an interview to the Asbury Park Press where they identified themselves as Michael and Alycia Frances . Mike claimed to be a former restaurant manager and Alycia as a nurse who dreamed running their own restaurant .
The couple 's attorneys had made the case earlier this year to lift Michael Dotro 's travel restrictions so they could cross state lines to pick up supplies for the restaurant and take their wife to an out-of-state post-stroke care facility .
Dotro also admitted to witness tampering in the days before they and their wife were set to stand trial .
Curley told the judge that someone who gave a fake name had contacted a witness via phone , according to an audio recording of the proceeding .
The prosecutor 's office said Dotro worked with an unnamed person to intimidate a person set to testify .
The deal also dismisses charges related to an alleged arson plot that was never carried out . Dotro was accused of plotting with another officer , Christian Pedana , to set fire to Capt . Matthew Freeman 's home in April 2013 .
In a separate deal in January , Dotro admitted to planning to retaliate against the North Brunswick officer who arrested their relative on a drunk driving charge in 2012 .
Dotro was given probation and fined . They will have to be resentenced for violating the terms of their probation after admitting to witness tampering .
Three other officers -- Brian Favretto , 41 , of Brick , and William H. Gesell , 48 , of Edison , Victor E. Aravena , 45 , of Edison -- were charged in the plot .
Middlesex County Prosecutor Andrew Carey lauded the sentence , which ends the case that started just after they took over the office .
`` We have surgically removed the cancerous police officer from the Edison police , '' Carey said of their joint effort with Edison Police Chief Thomas Bryan to overhaul the department over the last four years .
Bryan thanked Carey and the prosecutor 's office in a joint press conference in the lobby of the court house following the sentencing .
Craig McCarthy may be reached at 732-372-2078 or at CMcCarthy @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ createcraig and on Facebook here . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
Have a tip ? Tell us . nj.com/tips
poster= '' https : //v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201511/2550/1155968404_4602074263001_Screen-Shot-2015-11-08-at-12-44-53-PM.jpg ? pubId=1155968404 '' true Ben Carson discusses their book on NBC 's 'Meet the Press ' . Carson : 'It 's time to really move on ' The presidential candidate says their history is being unfairly mined for scandals .
Ben Carson says he 's under more scrutiny than any previous presidential candidate , suggesting the excessive vetting was a response to the threat they pose to progressivism and Democrat Hillary Clinton 's campaign .
`` I have always said that I expect to be vetted , but being vetted and what is going on with me — 'You said this 30 years ago , you said this 20 years ago , this did n't exist , ' ... I have not seen that with anyone else , '' the Republican presidential hopeful said in an interview aired Sunday on NBC 's `` Meet the Press . ''
Story Continued Below
With their long record of books and speeches , the retired neurosurgeon argued `` we can spend every day from now until the election '' going through the specifics of everything he 's said .
`` I prefer to talk about important issues , '' Carson said . `` The American people are speaking volumes by saying they 're tired of this garbage . ... But it 's time to really move on . It 's not time to spend every single day talking about something that happened 50 years ago . ''
Asked if President Barack Obama and former President Bill Clinton had experienced similar levels of scrutiny , Carson said no , suggesting he 's the reason he 's under such a microscope is `` because I 'm a threat . ''
He 's a threat `` to the progressive , the secular progressive movement in this country , '' Carson said , because according to polling data , he 's the candidate who 's most likely to beat Hillary Clinton , the former secretary of state who 's the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination .
But the American people are n't falling for it , Carson argued .
`` Every place I go , you know , I go to a book signing , there 's a thousand people in line — 'Please do n't let them get to you . Do n't give up . We got your back . We know what 's going on . We believe you , ' `` they said . `` And it actually is very encouraging . ''
This is part 3 of the Great Rust Web Experiment . See Part 1 about Iron , and Part 2 about Nickel , and how it compares to Iron . In short , I 've built the same relatively small web-application in Rust using both Iron and Nickel , in order to get a feel for both frameworks and determine which framework I prefer . But now that I have the identical application written using both frameworks , we have an opportunity to see how they compare , performance wise .
I used wrk2 to run a series of benchmarks against both applications on my Dell XPS 13 laptop ( with an i5 processor ) , and measured the number of requests per second that each application was able to field over a 5 minute test . Both applications have logging middleware which prints a line to the console ( timestamp , IP , request uri ) for every request , and all tests were run twice – once normally , and once without attaching the logging middleware ( in case printing to the console caused slowdown ) .
Of note is that Iron can handle up to 25 concurrent connections , while Nickel handles up to 5 . I 'm not sure where these values are set , but for the sake of comparing apples to apples , I ran Iron 's test three times : once with wrk2 's default of 10 concurrent connections , once with 25 ( Iron 's max ) , and once with 5 ( Nickel 's max ) . I ran the Nickel tests only once , with 5 concurrent connections . Each wrk2 session consisted of a 5 minute test .
Iron ( 25 concurrent connections )
./wrk -c 25 -d 5m -R 300000 http : //localhost:3000/ [ request URI ] :
Type URI Logging No Logging Render Template / 27.7 k req/s 40.0 k req/s 404 /nonexistant 44.8 k req/s 89.7 k req/s Static File /webupload 40.7 k req/s 84.4 k req/s Retrieve Paste /mysrc 595 req/s 596 req/s
Iron ( 10 concurrent connections )
./wrk -d 5m -R 300000 http : //localhost:3000/ [ request URI ] :
Type URI Logging No Logging Render Template / 28.0 k req/s 39.1 k req/s 404 /nonexistant 43.7 k req/s 89.2 k req/s Static File /webupload 41.5 k req/s 82.6 k req/s Retrieve Paste /mysrc 248 req/s 249 req/s
Iron ( 5 concurrent connections )
./wrk -c 5 -d 5m -R 300000 http : //localhost:3000/ [ request URI ] :
Type URI Logging No Logging Render Template / 22.8 k req/s 38.6 k req/s 404 /nonexistant 36.0 k req/s 71.2 k req/s Static File /webupload 32.0 k req/s 63.5 k req/s Retrieve Paste /mysrc 99 req/s 100 req/s
Nickel
./wrk -c 5 -d 5m -R 300000 http : //localhost:6767/ [ request URI ] :
Type URI Logging No Logging Render Template / 25.4 k req/s 37.9 k req/s 404 /nonexistant 50.1 k req/s 84.3 k req/s Static File /webupload.html 41.0 k req/s 79.4 k req/s Retrieve Paste /mysrc 99 req/s 100 req/s
Comparison
I think it 's interesting that retreiving pastes is so much slower than the other page types . For paste retrieval , I read the contents of a file into a string , and then package it as a 200 Ok response . While I could use Static File to serve up pastes ( and on the surface , that seems like a better plan ) , reading the contents into a string allows for optional syntax highlighting . It may have something to do with each request retrieving the same paste . My initial reaction is that there 's probably some file locking going on , preventing more than one thread from accessing a given file at any given time , but if that were the case then we would n't see a dramatic increase in requests per second when increasing the number of concurrent connections ( in the case of Iron ) . Interesting indeed .
Overall , the relative ability of Iron and Nickel to process requests quickly is fairly comparable . Given a number of concurrent connections that Nickel can handle ( five or fewer ) , Nickel appears to slightly take the upper hand for “ short circuit ” requests like 404s or serving static files . When employing the same number of concurrent connections , Iron and Nickel both retrieve pastes at almost identical speeds , but Iron 's ability to handle 25 connections as compared to Nickel 's 5 means that increasing the number of concurrent connections allowed Iron to serve almost six times as many pastes per second as Nickel .
My primary conclusion with respect to Iron versus Nickel from a programming perspective , as well as now from a performance perspective , is that it really does n't matter much . They 're both great frameworks , they 're both fairly immature , and most of the differences you 'll come across when writing a simple application are very minor . They are both very fast . I have leaned towards prefering Iron , because it is better documented , because I understand its middleware model more clearly , and because I feel like I can extend it more effectively to do the sorts of things I want , but if we 're honest here it 's also probably because I happened to pick it up first .
If you are deciding between Iron and Nickel , I 'd suggest you have a quick look through the source code of this application ( see my Iron version and my Nickel version ) , and decide which approach feels more natural to you .
In the predawn hours of November 3 , 2009 , my beloved twenty-year-old son , Andrew Williamson-Noble , died by suicide . They jumped from the 10th floor of Bobst , NYU 's main library . They chose the same spot that others had before him .
My son 's death was a bolt out of the blue for my family . And all of us , privately and with each other , go over and over what happened . We go over and over what we know of Andrew ; we ask ourselves what , if anything , we may have missed . What set of circumstances , people , instances , had they been different , would have prevented , foiled , stopped , that fateful night 's events from coming together and ending in my son 's death ?
The Samaritans ' web site tells us that :
... Most people can be helped in getting through their moment of crisis if they have someone who will spend time with them , listen , take them seriously and help them talk about their thoughts and feelings . Almost every suicidal crisis has at its center a strong ambivalence : `` I ca n't handle the pain anymore , '' but not necessarily , `` I want to be dead forever ! '' What most suicidal people want is not to be dead , but some way to get through the terrible pain they are experiencing and someone they can turn to during those terrible moments of fear and desperation ...
They say : `` You do n't save the life of a person who is feeling suicidal , you help them or them get through the moment . ''
And I have since heard from several people who 've told me in confidence of their own unsuccessful suicide attempts . They were found in time and did not bleed to death , or their stomach could still be pumped . Those people were able to go on to live a normal life . Others , by the dozens , have told me that there have been times in their lives when , for whatever reasons , they seriously considered suicide , but , unlike my son , they were able to move away from the dark spot they were in . All the necessary elements to carry out a suicide did not come together , One way or another something , and/or someone , helped them through the moment , until it passed .
In my son 's case , if there were warning signs , nobody picked them up ; if , in their own way , they reached out for help , as I believe they did , during the final hours of their life , they did not succeed in summoning that help . And the last chance to save them from death failed them when , at 4:30 a.m. , they were able to ride the elevator to the 10th floor of Bobst , NYU 's infamous library , lift themselves over the eight-foot Plexiglas and hurl themselves down . Andrew 's life ended when their body smashed against the marble floor of the atrium below . They were found , I read , lying on their back , and there was no blood . Miraculously , mercifully , their face remained intact . My family and I , still at the hospital , were called away from our son 's side by NYU 's press office to agree to a statement of suicide . Yet the attending physician at St. Vincent 's Hospital could not confirm that my son had taken their own life . `` All I know is that they fell from a height , '' they explained . But the authorities knew that it was suicide , and they wanted us to agree to a statement .
NYU wanted to go back too normal to business as usual , and they pressed us when all we wanted was to sit quietly by our son . We had n't yet left the hospital when the first library tours had already started . And when the statement from President John Sexton came , ( before we even made it home ) was disappointing .
`` ... I have taught young people for some five decades , '' the statement read . `` Drawn by their energy and their promise and by the unique bond that forms between student and professor . The impulse for self-harm -- particularly among young men and women with so much talent and so much to live for -- is incomprehensible to me ... ''
For the teaching President of a University to characterize suicide as an impulse for self-harm shows lack of understanding of the issue of suicide , as well as the students in the University 's care .
Sexton 's statement , together with the media coverage and readers ' comments in the wake of Andrew 's death , shows that there is a lot of misunderstanding about suicide .
For instance people think that : `` If a person is determined to kill them or themselves nothing is going to stop them . '' Not true , as the Samaritans ' suicide literature tells us that :
Even the most severely depressed person has ambivalent feelings about suicide . Most suicidal people do not want to die ; they just want their pain to end . Most depressions , with time , will alleviate and the suicidal impulses will , ultimately , dissipate .
And :
... Most people have reasons for their suicidal feelings . They may be upset , grief-stricken , depressed or despairing , but are not necessarily suffering from mental illness ...
New as I am to the subject of suicide , Andrew 's death has forcibly driven home the need for a new and open dialogue about what , as I have since learned , is the third cause of death amongst teenagers and college students . Yet the tendency is to shove the topic under the rug .
Why ? Do we shove cancer , diabetes , Parkinson 's and all the other diseases known to man under the rug ? No , we do n't . We are sympathetic to the sufferers and to their families . We seek to understand and look for cures . What is different about death by suicide ? Often , someone who dies by suicide suffers from an illness like depression , a `` dis-ease '' that , like other diseases , needs understanding and treatment ; not stigma , condemnation and ridicule . College authorities cite the risk of contagion as a reason for not talking openly about suicide . But amongst the common myth and misconceptions that people have about suicide is the following :
`` Talking about suicide may give someone the idea . ''
False , suicide literature tells us : `` You do n't create self-destructive feelings in another person . Talking with someone about their or their suicidal feelings may lead to a discussion of upsetting or painful thoughts that were already there but hidden beneath the surface . Openly addressing the subject shows a willingness to help and is the first step towards intervention . ''
Understandably , because of the site of my son 's death -- the university library -- many have responded with an indictment of the academic pressures that teenagers and young adults today must face . Anthony Badami , an undergraduate columnist for the Brown Daily Herald writes , in `` A Death at Bobst '' :
... ours is a culture that attaches extreme significance to academic achievement , to high standardized test scores , to `` four-oh '' GPAs , to U.S. News rankings and to institutional pedigree . It is the atmosphere of academic elitism promulgated by administrators , admissions counselors , parents , students and , most obstreperously , one 's peers . It is the milieu of students who taught me to judge , to assess and to taunt . It is the binary of total success or complete failure ...
It is true that young people live in a very different world with heightened pressures , new technologies - with a need to report on what 's happening maybe even more so than reflect on what 's happening . Maybe despite all the new avenues of social networking , we 've lost true contact and found loneliness .
Because of my own Eastern spiritual sensibilities , my son 's death has stirred and renewed within me the importance of learning who we really are . Without knowing the answer to this most fundamental of questions , whatever solutions we come up with -- help lines , antidepressants , education about drug and alcohol abuse , limiting access to firearms -- to confront this dragon of suicide are but stopgaps .
Developed by the ancient Rishis of India , I believe that Yoga and meditation , true gifts from the East to the West , are the way to `` Know thyself , '' to know that we are spiritual beings in a human body , to know that within us lie all knowledge and love . Through meditation we learn that to look for happiness and love anywhere other than within ourselves is futile .
`` Look , I am not an extremist about anything , '' I told a friend when discussing the subject . `` I am taking antidepressants . But my point is that had I grown up with meditation as second nature , I would n't need to take antidepressants now . ''
`` You mean that meditation could reverse the chemical imbalance in the brain ? '' My friend asked .
`` With meditation it would be unlikely that there would be a chemical imbalance in the brain , or any other imbalance for that matter . ''
`` I know that when I get angry , I have to go for a brisk walk , '' they said . `` It 's as if I have to get rid of the energy of anger from my body . ''
And on we went , talking about how thoughts have energy and energy does n't disappear but is transformed , and to make a long conversation short , I went back to my belief that if children were taught yoga and meditation from an early age , we would see a dramatic reduction in dis-eases , including suicide .
Do n't we owe it to our children and our children 's children to try this ?
I think so ! And so does Rusell Simmons , for when asked by the New York Times to come up with a new year 's resolution for New York City , suggested , `` Meditation in the schools , quiet time for kids . ''
I would suggest making yoga and meditation part of the curriculum from pre-school onwards .
We may be at least a generation away from when yoga and meditation will become ( as I believe they will ) standard practice amongst children and parents . But even while availing ourselves of allopathic medicines and traditional Western therapies , as I myself am at the moment , we can still make a start now . In these times of great change the old paradigms are inadequate , it is time to usher in new ones .
I am committed to do my part to bring about the change we need even if the road ahead seems long , lonely and arduous . I can but take one step at a time and trust the Universe to lead me all the way .
Update on Plans to Get Trains into Transbay SF Planning Department Presents Options
The San Francisco Planning Department will be presenting the San Francisco Board of Supervisors with updated plans for getting trains from the Caltrain corridor into the lower level of the Transbay Transit Center . The department has narrowed the choices down to three different options : maintaining the existing Caltrain alignment to Fourth and King and connecting to the originally planned Downtown Extension ( DTX ) to get to Transbay , shifting part of the alignment under Pennsylvania Avenue , or tunneling under Third Street out through Mission Bay .
The San Francisco Transit Riders got a chance to chime in on the various options , dubbed the Railyard Alternatives & I-280 Boulevard Feasibility Study ( RAB ) at a presentation earlier this week given by Susan Gygi , an engineer with the Planning Department .
As Streetsblog readers know , the Transbay Transit Center train box , located in the bowels of the building , is designed to one day become the “ Grand Central Station of the West , ” with high-speed rail and an electrified Caltrain terminating there . However , the $ 4 billion needed to construct the train tunnel to bring Peninsula rail service from Fourth and King to the new station has not materialized . Some critics have accused City Hall of failing to champion the project . The latest threat to the project was the Trump Administration 's near-cancellation of federal funding for Caltrain electrification , which may have already caused some further delay in plans for the tunnel .
Meanwhile , the SF Planning department has been busy putting together a study of alternate alignments . The DTX , as originally conceived , dipped the trains underground at Fourth and King and then followed a winding path under Townsend , before turning left down Second and then right into the terminal .
According to Gygi the original DTX alignment always presented a problem farther to the south , because of the at-grade portion of the alignment below I-280 . With the train frequencies envisioned between HSR and Caltrain , at about a train every three minutes during rush hour , the gates would constantly be going up and down , effectively cutting off UCSF Medical Center . But grade separating it would result in some pretty terrible streetscapes , such as this rendering below :
That 's why , ostensibly at least , Planning is proposing alignments that would jog the tracks over to Third in a tunnel and then bore a tunnel to Second Street . Gygi said that because of the utility relocation work that was done to clear the way for the T-Third line , there 's a clear shot for tunneling . Some critics , however , have dismissed this new alignment as a needless effort to get another station built to help the development of Mission Bay . Under all scenarios , the city would abandon and redevelop at least some of the footprint currently taken up by Caltrain for train storage . And tearing down part of I-280 could also be part of a whole redevelopment project for the area .
Some of these scenarios have been under discussion for some time , of course . Streetsblog 's perspective is simple : there are merits to both alignments , but even if the third-street alignment prevails , the city should think very , very hard before ripping out the current Caltrain tracks under I-280 . Those will become incredibly important for redundancy . And the reason why it will become very clear the first time a train gets stuck in a future Third Street tunnel .
Gygi also presented long-term visions for expanding the capacity of the Transbay train station , by either having a turn-around track that loops out into the bay or under Embarcadero , so trains do n't have to use the same tracks to leave the station that they use to get in . That makes sense , since it would increase capacity by up to forty percent–it would certainly be a great asset in conjunction with a new Transbay crossing that would make it possible for trains to continue on to Alameda and Oakland .
These plans , as Gygi explained , are part of a 100-year vision . Fair enough , but let 's just hope it does n't take that long before any of it actually gets built .
Meanwhile , the alignment decision is supposed to be voted on by the SF Board of Supervisors by December 2017 , according to Gina Simi , Communications Manager for the Planning Department .
What do you think of the various alternatives ? Would you rather the city stick with the original DTX alignment ? Or do you think the Mission Bay options will be better for the city in the long run ? Post below .
The Gawker hack that compromised the site 's commenting system has caught the attention of the FBI . Investigators were scheduled to meet with Gawker editor Nick Denton Tuesday to discuss the breach , according to the New York Post .
`` The FBI in New York is aware of these reports and is looking into it , '' an FBI spokesperson said via e-mail .
At issue is a weekend hack that accessed Gawker 's commentor database , which is home to about 1.5 million usernames , e-mails , and passwords . Gawker urged its users to change their passwords immediately , especially if they use that same password on other Web sites . The password vulnerability led to a Twitter spam attack on Monday .
`` The passwords were encrypted . But simple ones may be vulnerable to a brute-force attack You should change the password on Gawker ( GED/commenting system ) and on any other sites on which you 've used the same passwords , '' Gawker said in a statement . `` Out of an abundance of caution , you should also change your company email password and any passwords that might have appeared in your email messages . ''
A group that calls itself Gnosis has reportedly taken responsibility for the hack . The group told Mediaite that it `` went after Gawker because of their outright arrogance . '' Gnosis pointed to a document in the Gawker logs that quoted Denton as telling 4chan to `` bring it on . '' Though Gnosis said it is not affiliated with 4chan and actually said it does n't `` like being lumped in with 4chan , '' Gnosis said that Denton needs to have `` the means to back yourself up '' when making statements like that .
In a Monday tweet , Denton denied the quote . `` Actually , not true . That was an unfortunate joke in an internal chat by Gawker writers , '' they wrote .
It 's possible that Gnosis could have broken into Gawker 's commentor accounts by simply guessing their passwords . The Wall Street Journal reports that the most common passwords for logging into Gawker Media sites were `` 123456 '' and `` password . '' Wonder if your password would pass the test ? Check out PCMag 's How to Create Strong Passwords feature .
news A senior columnist writing for Melbourne newspaper The Age has falsely claimed that the fibre technology used in Labor 's NBN project had a life of only 25 years and that it could be made obsolete by “ low earth orbiting satellites ” , in an article riddled with inaccurate and highly disputed statements regarding the project .
The biography of the columnist , Kenneth Davidson , says they have been writing for the age on public policy and economics issues since 1974 , winning numerous awards along the way . Davidson is also co-editor of Dissent Magazine , which broadly focuses on ensuring the continuance of the welfare state in Australia . In an article published last week entitled ‘ Do n't look now , the white elephants are multiplying ' , Davidson broadly argued that Coalition policy on the National Broadband Network was “ superior ” .
However , the article makes a number of demonstrably inaccurate or highly disputed claims . For example , Davidson claims that the Government 's NBN project would see Australian households pay $ 1,200 per year for telecommunications access , which Davidson said was “ what they are paying now for the existing copper network ” . “ But this will only pay for the same speed as customers get now with the existing network , ” the columnist wrote .
Davidson appears to be referring to the fact that NBN Co offers speed plans as low as 12Mbps or 25Mbps — comparable to existing speeds available under the existing copper-based ADSL network run by Telstra . However , in actual fact NBN broadband plans at those speeds are available for significantly less than $ 1,200 — from $ 29.95 a month or $ 360 a year . In addition , even the lowest end NBN plans offer significant advantages over existing ADSL broadband , in areas such as latency and reliability . Speed alone is only one method of comparing broadband technologies .
In short , NBN customers will be ( or already are , in the case of those in early NBN rollout zones ) paying the same , or in some cases less , for greatly improved services . They are also able to pay more ( but again , comparable to current prices on higher cost plans ) for higher speeds generally not available in Australia at the moment .
Separately , Davidson argued that demand for fixed-line broadband services was “ falling ” . On this count the columnist is inaccurate . Data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics for the period up to 31 December last year shows that the number of ADSL , cable and fibre connections in Australia are all rising slowly . Mobile and fixed wireless connections are also rising slowly . In addition , although the volume of data downloaded over wireless connections is riding only slowly , the data downloaded over fixed broadband connections is rising rapidly .
Davidson also argued that there was “ no credible business case ” for the Government 's model , and that to find the construction of Labor 's NBN vision , every fixed-line customer would have to pay $ 9,400 a year to the NBN . However , NBN Co 's existing business plan would actually see the company make a return on the Government 's investment in the project over a thirty year period of about seven percent , based on customers paying retail broadband prices broadly consistent with today 's prices . NBN Co has also stated its belief that it may be able to return its investment sooner or cut retail prices , due to evidence of higher than expected uptake on the network .
The assumptions in NBN Co 's business case published in 2010 were labelled as “ reasonable ” by corporate advisory firm Greenhill Caliburn , in an evaluation published in early 2011 .
Similarly , Davidson also argued that the cost of Labor 's plan was “ now estimated by most experts to cost $ 90 billion to $ 110 billion ” . However , this statement is also inaccurate . The only published analysis putting the NBN 's cost that high is contained in the Coalition 's own rival NBN policy document . And in that document , a $ 94 billion estimate by the Coalition represents the worst possible case for the NBN rollout .
The Coalition states that for the $ 94 billion figure to eventuate , NBN Co 's revenue must grow much slower than currently forecast , construction costs must be significantly higher than currently forecast , more households must pick wireless alternatives than is currently forecast , and the NBN must take 50 per cent longer to build ( an extra five years ) than currently forecast .
Lastly , Davidson argued that the fibre underpinning the NBN had “ a life of about 25 years ” , and that “ By 2020 , the US will probably have developed low earth orbiting satellites capable of picking up and sending wireless signals at a fraction of the cost of the Gillard government 's scheme . ”
Davidson 's statements in this regard are highly controversial and represent an extreme view in terms of the mass opinion of experts in the telecommunications industry . Australia 's existing copper network , which is much less robust than an equivalent fibre network would be , has served much of the nation 's telecommunications needs for the past century .
Currently experts expect that in the long-term , fixed fibre infrastructure will form the backbone of telecommunications services in most geographies . It is expected that the NBN 's fibre infrastructure will serve Australia 's telecommunications needs into the forseeable future ; at this point no rival technology exists that can handle the same level of bandwidth and latency demand .
A number of proposals have arisen over the past several decades to deliver broadband through so-called ‘ low earth orbiting satellites ' — with companies such as Globalstar and Iridium already having some infrastructure in this area and other companies such as O3b Networks and COMMStellation planning to launch new satellites .
However , satellite broadband access has generally been found to be unable to provide required broadband speeds and latency performance compared with fixed-line fibre networks ( for example , NBN Co 's own satellites , to be launched over the next several years , will only deliver speeds up to 25Mbps ) . Using low-earth satellites does assist with this situation somewhat , but also requires that terrestial dish antennas implement a mechanical tracking mechanism to track multiple satellites as they rapidly pass across the sky in a low orbit .
Because of these issues , mainstream telecommunications industry opinion regards satellite broadband access as usually only being suitable for premises in remote or regional areas , or to provide backhaul connections to other fixed points of broadband contact , such as mobile phone towers .
Over the past several years , there have been a number of misleading articles published by various other local newspapers about the NBN .
In late June last year , for example , the Financial Review newspaper published an article stating that there was “ a real risk ” that the NBN 's fibre infrastructure might be overtaken by technical breakthroughs in areas such as “ wireless technology ” . “ One such breakthrough on the technological horizon is Data In Data Out wireless technology , which promises wireless speeds up to 1000 times faster than those offered today , ” the newspaper claimed . However , the notion that wireless could serve as a replacement for fibre or other fixed network technologies is heavily disputed by the global technology community and is a view outside current mainstream thinking on the issue .
The AFR also reported that take-up of the NBN in the areas where it is available so far has been “ minuscule ” . Unfortunately , this claim is also heavily disputed . In general , Australia-wide , NBN take-up rates have been strong . In fact , in communities such as Willunga in South Australia and Kiama in New South Wales , the take-up rate in the short time the NBN has been active in those areas has been north of 30 percent . This rate is expected to accelerate as Telstra 's competing copper cable is shut down in areas where the NBN has been rolled out , forcing Australians to migrate onto the NBN fibre .
In December 2011 , the Australian Press Council expressed concern about the Daily Telegraph 's coverage of the Federal Government 's National Broadband Network project , backing a local critic 's complaint that three articles in a short period of time had contained “ inaccurate or misleading assertions ” about the NBN . Similarly , in March last year , another News Ltd publication , The Australian , published a correction to a story after it inaccurately alleged that a school in South Australia would have to pay $ 200,000 to connect to the NBN ; in fact , the school will receive NBN access as part of the normal rollout .
opinion/analysis
Simply an incredible article by Davidson . Wrong on almost every count . How this one got past the sub-editors at The Age , I have no idea . I 've debunked it here because I 've received a constant series of requests from readers over the past several days to do so .
Peyton Manning 's play points to possible problems in Denver
I do n't know if the Broncos are the `` least convincing '' double-digit-win team , but Peyton Manning 's obvious recent physical struggles leave me unconvinced they 've got a return visit to the Super Bowl in their short-term future . Theview of Denver 's offense the past month goes like this : They 're still winning games , and their emerging running game suits `` playoff-style '' football . Theview : The running game is covering up Manning 's diminishing ability to push the ball downfield.The numbers reveal an inarguable decline . Manning posted a passer rating of 100 or better in six of Denver 's first seven games this season , and they threw just three picks in that span . In the team 's past seven contests , by contrast , Manning has topped the 100 mark just three times while throwing eight interceptions . Forget the stats , though , and just use your eyes : Manning 's passes -- never confused for the tight spirals thrown by Aaron Rodgers or Tom Brady -- are fluttering more than ever . On Sunday Broncos receivers had to continually adjust to underthrown balls . And what about the mysterious illness ( or was it a thigh injury ) that led to the unthinkable ( backup Brock Osweiler taking snaps ! ) ? Point is , something 's going on here ... and it does n't look good.One thing seems clear : If Peyton 's gon na get a ring in the twilight of their career , he 'll have to do it the same way their boss , John Elway , did : leaning on a once-unheralded running back .
( The Frisky ) -- Last night , our own `` Mind of Man '' columnist was trying to tell me that couples moving in together was the kiss of death for their relationship . I think he 's crazy -- always , always , always move in together before you commit to marriage , trust me ! -- but it did get me thinking about what some real kiss of death moments are for couples . Just do n't be mad at us if you decide to dump your boyfriend as a result .
1 . You 're a lot smarter than they are : Let 's face it , guys ca n't handle when a woman knows more than they do , about anything . `` And lord knows , an intelligent woman would never waste their time with a guy with pea soup for brains , '' says Bea .
2 . Residual immaturity : No guy completely grows up ( says the girl whose fiancé spent three hours playing NCAA Football 2009 on their PS3 last night ) , but a passionate interest in something truly juvenile will wear on you eventually , if not immediately . `` I discovered their secret stash of comic books ; I started to notice that the reason they got up early on Saturday mornings was to watch cartoons , and guess what ? Pretty soon I stopped feeling attracted to him , '' says Katie .
3 . Differing opinions on A ) Meal responsibility and B ) Palate : If s/he 's not accepting of the fact that you will not ever cook for him/her ( A ) , and especially not a steak because you 're a vegetarian ( B ) , your relationship is well-done and charred .
4 . Grooming/bathing/hygiene take a back seat : You discover stains on their underwear or witness them picking their nose without shame , while you also have n't bothered to shave your legs in four months or wear anything but your worst underwear in front of him .
`` After my boyfriend and I broke up is when I finally bought new bras and undies , '' admits Sarah . `` I did n't care about maintaining any sort of sex appeal for him , but all the new guys on the horizon ? Hell , yeah . ''
The Frisky : 6 heartwarming stories of old love
5 . Girl-cations/Man-cations : This is OK in the beginning or even months into a relationship , but once you 've been a couple awhile and they suddenly want to use their precious vacation time ( not to mention money ) to travel with their girls to Las Vegas , be warned : She 's probably weeks away from announcing they hate you . Ditto on when they announce he 's going backpacking with their best friend Tommy in Peru .
The Frisky : Is your guy just lazy or do they have ADHD ?
6 . TV in the bedroom : No matter who decides to buy the 60-inch plasma and install it directly across from where `` the magic happens , '' TV in the bedroom is an instant mood killer , both sexually and mentally . `` The fact that my ex and I happily chose 'Seinfeld ' reruns over , you know , love-making definitely signaled the end of our relationship , '' says Clara .
The Frisky : Demi Moore responds when a fan tells them they look old
7 . Having rugrats : If you ca n't agree on whether to have kids , that 's a major dealbreaker . But be warned , procreators ! `` Once you have them , your love life is over , '' says Susie . `` Sorry . I speak from experience . ''
The Frisky : The highest grossing actor of the decade is ...
8 . Using the bathroom in each other 's presence : Separate bathrooms , or at least separate bathroom schedules , are key to a successful relationship . Kim says : `` The one thing in their relationships that all of my divorced friends have in common is that they regularly had their morning pee in the bathroom while their significant other was brushing their teeth . Do n't do it , ladies . Maintain a little mystery . ''
The Frisky : You 'll be surprised by some celebs awkward phases
9 . King-size beds : Even if you go to bed mad , something about a forced snuggle in a small bed is like an unspoken `` you 're forgiven '' and allows everything bad between you to dissolve away . A king-size mattress lets the tension rest comfortably between you and a fight can go on for days .
The Frisky : Olympic weightlifter picks up a dumbbell and pops out a baby !
10 . Half-truths to girlfriends : `` I always know a relationship is doomed when I start telling my friends only part of the story about a squabble with my man , '' says Kelly . `` I need the release of the confession , but by not telling the whole truth , I 'm leaving out the part that would make my friends scream 'He 's not right for you ! ' ''
Chances are , you 've probably already judged their actions yourself and are scared of your friends telling you what you already know -- that you deserve better .
11 . A drastic change in appearance : Many times after a breakup , a woman will chop off their hair or dye it a radical color . If they do it while she 's in a relationship , she 's sending their guy a message : `` I do n't care whether you think my ears look too big with a pixie cut . ''
12 . Momma 's boy or Daddy 's little girl : If either one of you respects the opinion of a parent more than the opinion of your significant other , you 're headed for trouble .
`` When my boyfriend would call up their mother and ask them for their advice on work , money matters , and , seriously , even what to wear to Easter brunch , I realized they were never going to value my opinion as much or more than hers , '' says Lisa .
13 . `` Oops , I mean ... '' moments : They or they calling you by the ex 's name outside of the bedroom is a reason to be alarmed . Though , if it happens inside the bedroom , you should probably just forget you ever met .
TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved
Earlier this week , Oregon joined the growing chorus of 16 states calling for the overturning of the Supreme Court 's landmark 2010 Citizens United ruling , which allows corporations to spend nearly unlimited sums of money buying our political system .
With the state Senate 's passage of House Joint Memorial 6 , Oregon legislators have made it clear that they stand with the American people and against a corporatist Supreme Court that defied all logic by ruling that corporations should receive the same free-speech rights as individuals , rights they are allowed to express by channeling unlimited amounts of undisclosed cash into super political action committees ( PACs ) .
According to this wonderfully progressive resolution , it falls to Congress to propose a constitutional amendment “ clarifying the distinction between the rights of natural persons and the rights of corporations , ” and recognizing “ that Congress and state legislatures may regulate all moneys raised and spent for political purposes . ”
BuzzFlash breaks down the status of similar resolutions around the nation :
Oregon joins four other states – Delaware , Maine , West Virginia and Illinois – that have called for a constitutional amendment over just the past two months . All of the resolutions this year have passed with bipartisan support in at least one chamber . This is an issue that affects every American , regardless of political affiliation.The other states that have called for an amendment to overturn Citizens United are California , Hawaii , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New Mexico , Rhode Island , Vermont , Connecticut , Maryland , Colorado and Montana . The Washington , D.C. , Council has called for an amendment as well .
Given that the Supreme Court has decided to sell the American political system to the highest bidder , it is up to the American people to wrestle back control of our government from corporations .
Luckily , we are also making progress at the federal level , where not every single politician is a corporatist stooge . Democratic senators John Tester of Montana and Tom Udall of New Mexico have proposed constitutional amendments aimed at reforming the campaign-finance system that Citizens United corrupted . Earlier this year , independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Florida 's Democratic Ted Deutch introduced a constitutional amendment aimed at directly overturning the Supreme Court 's ruling . Also joining the fight are Democratic Senators Jeff Merkley and Ron Widen of Oregon , who have signed on as co-sponsors of similar efforts .
Although the American people face an uphill climb , it is imperative that we continue to make noise about the Supreme Court 's disastrous Citizens United decision and keep the heat on Congress and the states until they bring an appropriate end to this corporate takeover of our political system .
Please do your part by saying this and other related articles on social media forums .
Watch Senator Bernie Sanders explain the need to overturn Citizens United… here is the video :
Reposted with permission from Occupy Democrats .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- Sen. Hillary Clinton is poised to deliver a message Tuesday `` that they will do whatever it takes '' to put a Democrat in the White House -- a message that Sen. Barack Obama insiders say indicates they would accept an offer to be Obama 's running mate if asked .
`` In their speech tomorrow night , they will convey the message that first and foremost they are committed to Democrats winning in November and will do whatever she 's asked to do , '' said a close friend and adviser of the New York senator and former first lady , who speaks with them regularly and is privy to their deliberations .
`` She will do whatever it takes to bring the party together to win and whatever is asked of them to make sure the Republicans are defeated . ''
That message has been conveyed to the Obama campaign via informal channels , according to Obama insiders who said the message is a signal that they would be willing to serve as Obama 's vice president .
The Clinton and Obama campaigns told CNN there have been no formal discussions between the campaigns .
Obama insiders are split over whether considering Clinton for the ticket is a good idea .
`` Obama has a philosophical aversion to making promises and pre-empting the process that is in place so Clinton can accommodate their interests , '' one Obama insider said . `` Sure , she 's on the short list , but there 's a whole process in place . ''
One Obama insider believes putting Clinton on the ticket would `` ramp down the animosity '' that exists between the supporters of the two candidates . But another insider said that `` while there is mistrust between the two , it 's less about trusting her , and more about whether they can deliver . ''
Clinton and Obama go into the final two primaries of the Democratic nomination fight Tuesday with Obama leading in delegate totals , although the results in South Dakota and Montana wo n't give them the 2,118 delegates they need to secure the nomination . Watch Sen. Clinton claim the popular vote »
Instead , the Illinois senator must depend on superdelegates -- party insiders and elected officials -- to put them over the top .
One such superdelegate -- the highest-ranking African-American in Congress , House Majority Whip James Clyburn -- will endorse Obama on Tuesday , multiple sources told CNN . A top Democratic operative said Clyburn will offer conciliatory remarks toward Clinton in an effort to bring the two campaigns together .
In their endorsement speech , Clyburn is expected to talk about the historic nature of having a woman and an African-American run for the Democratic nomination and how important it is that these two leaders and their supporters bring the party together . Clyburn has been instrumental in trying to bring the two camps together and has delayed until now publicly stating their choice in the Democratic race .
Democratic Party insiders are also discussing how to patch up Clinton 's relationship with the black community and how to bring African-American Clinton supporters into the Obama fold , several top Clinton supporters said .
All About Hillary Clinton • Barack Obama • Democratic Party • James Clyburn
A New Jersey business owner and self-described “ political independent ” has drawn criticism after setting up a display that includes a picture depicting President Barack Obama as a “ witch doctor . ”
“ Call it what you want , I 'm not taking it down , ” Bill Skuby told WABC-TV regarding the display , which also has Obama 's picture on a tombstone above the words , “ I told you I was sick , ” an apparent reference to the Affordable Care Act .
Skuby said they have also custom-ordered hats saying “ F.Y.B.O , ” believed to be an acronym for “ Fuck You Barack Obama ” to be sold at their clothing store in Spring Lake .
They insisted to both ABC News and the New Jersey Star-Ledger that their display has the support of most of the community .
“ A lot of people feel the way I feel , but are just afraid to say it , ” they told the newspaper . “ It always comes down to the race card . ”
Skuby also told the newspaper they do n't believe they are a racist , on account of their son marrying a woman with a biracial child and raising it as part of their family .
But according to Northstar News editor and publisher Walter Fields Jr. , Skuby 's argument does n't hold up .
“ People use the notion of a blended family as an excuse for their racism , ” said Fields , a former New Jersey state political director for the NAACP . “ You can love your family member and still be a racist , because your family member is n't a threat to you . African-Americans in a position of power are certainly a threat to some people . So it does n't wash that because [ Skuby ] has a biracial grandchild , they can not be a racist . That is too simplistic of a rationale . You could harbor feelings that you 're not even aware of because you 're blinded by your racism . ”
WABC-TV 's report on Skuby 's store can be seen below .
[ Image via Agence France-Presse ]
Oklahoma Gov . Mary Fallin walks on the floor of the Oklahoma House in Oklahoma City on May 18 . | AP Photo Oklahoma governor vetoes abortion felony bill
Oklahoma Gov . Mary Fallin on Friday vetoed a bill that would have made performing an abortion a felony punishable by up to three years in prison .
The bill , passed by the Legislature Thursday , was vague and would not have stood up to court challenges , Fallin said in a news release .
Story Continued Below
`` The absence of any definition , analysis or medical standard renders this exception vague , indefinite and vulnerable to subjective interpretation and application , '' Fallin said . While they want the high court to reopen and overturn Roe v. Wade , `` this legislation can not accomplish that reexamination . ''
The Oklahoma state House on Thursday passed another anti-abortion measure that allows the state Department of Health to develop a public information campaign `` for the purpose of achieving an abortion-free society . '' The measure is now before the Senate .
As if anyone really needed another reason to wish they were in Milwaukee during late June and early July , this year 's Summerfest lineup looks like the classic rock party of a lifetime .
The event , slated to take place June 26-30 and July 2-7 , is assembling a typically crowded list of talent that includes the Eagles , Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and Rush , as well as Foreigner , Styx , Alice Cooper , Billy Idol , REO Speedwagon , Pat Benatar , and Loverboy . ( For those whose tastes run to younger acts , the schedule should be no less impressive ; some of the bigger names include fun . , John Mayer , and Pitbull . )
One of the oldest civic festivals in the country , Summerfest debuted in 1968 , as part of an effort by Mayor Henry Maier to , as the event 's website puts it , `` revitalize Milwaukee 's downtown and bring the community together . '' Today , it occupies a 75-acre site that includes the 23,000-seat Marcus Amphitheater and a covered waterfront pavilion .
This year 's lineup also includes comedian Lewis Black , who appears in a clip ( embedded below ) announcing the headlining acts . Tickets for the shows can be purchased individually at the Summerfest site .
They Quanji and their wife , from Fujian province , get comfortable in their basement in Chaoyang district . Zou Hong / China Daily
Beijing is cleaning up the `` mouse tribe '' .
The `` mouse tribe '' , or shuzu in Mandarin , is a large population of mainly migrant workers that live in cramped conditions deep underground .
They are thought to number about one million living in some of the 1,374 civil air defence shelters beneath the city .
Xiao Shi ( right ) cooking in the home while their husband Xiao Guo going to do the washing ( Photo : Xinhua )
Since the 1990s , the city 's civil air defence bureau has been renting out the shelters to migrant workers against the backdrop of rocketing house prices .
`` Although it was allowed in the past for us to rent out the civil air defence shelters , we will now clear the residents out from the shelters , '' said a man , surnamed Zhou , from the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Civil Air Defense .
They said the migrants should be gone by March .
The poor conditions and safety concerns revolving around such things as a lack of emergency exits prompted the air defence bureau 's decision to clean up the `` mouse tribe '' .
The shelters would be turned over to street committees or township governments to be used as underground garages , community entertainment or emergency command centres .
`` Nobody wants to live underground , '' said They Quanji , 28 , of Fujian province .
`` I have no alternative because the rents are too high . ''
They and their 22-year-old wife are living in the 10-square-meter cellar that is just large enough for four single beds and two tables . They share the space that is partitioned by a curtain with He 's brother and their wife .
There are more than 30 other cellars under the community that are serviced by three bathrooms .
A woman surnamed Zhu acts as the local property agent .
`` They are not supposed to cook in the cellars for safety reasons , '' Zhu said . `` But I do n't give them a hard time because everybody is cooking in their rooms . ''
They said cellar rooms usually rent for about 900 yuan or fewer a month .
A similar-sized room above ground would go for 1,400 yuan .
Zhu said separated cellars could be rented for 300 or 400 yuan a month .
`` But those have no windows at all and are only big enough for one single bed . ''
The `` mouse tribe '' are now wondering where they will find affordable places to live in .
Editorial Message
No arrests have been made and no vessels have been identified in connection with the marijuana bales found floating Sunday in the ocean near Dana Point Harbor , authorities said .
Jerry Conlin , a Border Patrol spokesperson , said the agency recovered 180 bales of marijuana , weighing a total of 8,068 pounds .
On Monday morning , Colin estimated the street value at more than $ 4 million .
The floating bundles were first seen by a boater near the harbor around 12:01 p.m. Sunday , U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Seth Johnson said . The bales were reportedly floating at least 15 miles off shore .
The Orange County Sheriff 's Department sent three Harbor Patrol ships to aid in recovering the marijuana . A Coast Guard cutter was also sent to assist .
Michael Jimenez , a Border Patrol spokesperson , called Sunday 's incident unusual . In most scenarios when marijuana bales are found dumped in the water it is because a vessel is trying to flee from authorities .
“ At other events , they 've dumped the bales to get rid of weight if they 're being chased , ” they said . “ Generally in these cases we 're aware they 're being dumped . What 's more unusual is that the bales were floating with no boat in sight . ”
The investigation into how the bales made it into the ocean is continuing
To report suspicious items in the ocean , call the Border Patrol 's tip line at 310-521-3801 .
Contact the writer : amolina @ ocregister.com or 714-704-3795
REHOVOT , ISRAEL — Israel today is home to some 30,000 Karaites who are Jews , but Jews with a difference . They are followers of a movement that broke away from mainstream Judaism in eighth-century Babylonia , and retained its separate identity and customs to this day .
Israel 's Karaites do n't look any different from other Israeli Jews . Moreover , they attend the same schools , hold the same kind of jobs and serve in the same military units .
But in one significant respect they are different : While the religious life of other Jews is governed primarily by the oral law , as embodied in the Talmud , the Karaites reject the Talmud .
More than 1,000 Karaites live in the Bay Area , where many worship at the Karaite Jews of America 's congregation in Daly City , led by Rav Joe Pessah . Founding members are from Egypt , and fled from Cairo after the Six-Day War in 1967 .
For them , only the Bible counts . That makes the Karaite form of Judaism more restrictive in some respects , less so in others .
That makes the Karaite form of Judaism more restrictive in some respects , less so in others .
Much has been written about the `` December dilemma '' confronted by diaspora Jews , who must convince their children to forego celebrating Christmas and to concentrate on Chanukah instead . According to Ashdod Karaite Rabbi Eliyahu Dabbah , there 's a December dilemma for Israeli Karaites , too : They do n't celebrate Chanukah because the saga of the Maccabees is not mentioned in the Bible .
`` So when that holiday comes around , '' Dabbah explains , `` our children feel like outsiders . This forces us to make compromises , which take the form , for example , of the lighting of Chanukah candles in some Karaite homes . ''
Regarding the Sabbath , the prohibition of work extends beyond the 39 actions forbidden in mainstream , rabbinic Judaism . Karaites are enjoined from any activity not forming part of the prayer service or not absolutely essential for the satisfaction of physical needs .
For example , the Karaites do n't try to circumvent the prohibition against kindling a fire — and by extension , turning on a light– on the Sabbath .
So , rather than following in the footsteps of rabbinic Jews , who may install an electrical system to automatically switch household lights on and off on Shabbat , the Karaites , if they are true to their traditions , simply sit in the dark .
At the same time , the kashrut practices of the Karaites are much less restrictive than those of rabbinic Jews . The prohibition in the Bible against `` boiling a kid in its mother 's milk '' was extended by rabbinic Judaism to a total ban on the combined consumption of milk and meat .
Karaites reject that extension , though in different degrees . All agree that chicken and milk products can be eaten together . As for beef , some Karaites eat it with milk products , if the milk and meat are from different sources ; others do n't mix the two at all .
Contemporary Karaites also see no reason for rabbinic Judaism 's continued emphasis on separate sets of dishes for meat , milk and Passover meals . With modern nonporous dishware , the Karaites say , separate sets are not only unnecessary , but place a heavy burden on the Israeli economy .
The founder of Karaism is usually said to be Anan , a rebellious scion of the Babylonian family — descendants of the House of David — which enjoyed supreme authority among diaspora Jews after the destruction of the Second Temple in Jerusalem .
The Karaites became a discernible element in Mideast Jewish life in the eighth through 10th centuries , with special influence in Egypt and in pre-state Israel . At the end of the 11th century , the center of Karaite activity shifted to Europe .
First the Karaites were concentrated in the Byzantine Empire , and later they established a presence in the Crimea and Lithuania , usually in close cooperation with rabbinic Jews .
The situation changed when Lithuania and Crimea were incorporated into Russia at the end of the 18th century . In 1795 , Empress Catherine II relieved the Karaites of the double tax imposed upon Jews , and permitted them to acquire land . That created a wall of separation between rabbinic and Karaite Jews , each group enjoying civil rights to a different degree .
The inequality between the two groups grew larger in 1827 when the Crimean Karaites were exempted from the general military draft law , a privilege that was not extended to the rabbinic Jews . A year later , Lithuanian Karaites were similarly exempted .
A huge disparity between Karaites and mainstream Jews was created during World War II , when the Germans ruled that Karaites were not Jews — a decision that saved most of them from death , although some were massacred at Babi Yar in 1941 .
At the end of World War II , the only sizable Karaite community was in Egypt . But after the Sinai Campaign in 1956 , most came to Israel , though some also immigrated to France , the United States and other Western countries .
While Israel 's 30,000 Karaites are scattered all over the Jewish state , they have managed to establish 11 synagogues . The largest is in Ashdod , south of Tel Aviv , the home of some 1,500 Karaite families . This is rapidly growing port town is the venue for numerous Karaite cultural and religious activities .
According to Ashdod Karaite Rabbi Moshe Firus , their community does n't receive as much support from the Ministry of Religious Affairs as do Orthodox congregations .
Moreover , they add , the former get regular allocations , while the Karaites are only given ad hoc grants , which can be withheld at will .
But , Firus adds , the Ashdod municipality , no doubt influenced by the substantial number of Karaite voters in the town , has supported various projects , including the construction of a handsome new community center .
Even in Ashdod , however , there are things that the Karaites ca n't do — like putting an identifying sign on their butcher shop . It sells kosher meat , or perhaps more correctly , super-kosher meat , because the Karaite rules for ritual slaughter are more stringent than those of rabbinic Jews .
But local Orthodox rabbis , who see the Karaites as rivals , have prevented the placing of a sign lest an `` ordinary Jew '' be `` tricked '' into buying Karaite meat .
There is a `` mezuzah compromise '' as well . The Karaites do not traditionally place a mezuzah on their doorposts . Instead , they put up a little plaque with the Ten Commandments . But in Israel , in order to make other Jews feel comfortable , many have a mezuzah on their doorposts as well .
There are also differences regarding ritual purification . While traditional rabbinic Jews go to a mikvah , or ritual bath , the Karaites simply take a shower at home .
When entering a Karaite synagogue , the first thing one notices is a long line of shoehorns hanging on the wall . They are there because visitors must remove their shoes before entering the house of prayer .
Did the Karaites borrow the custom from the Muslims ? Yosef Dvir , secretary of the Karaite community , says no , the Muslims borrowed it from the Jews .
Moreover , Dvir added , `` before Eastern Jews came to Israel , they , like the Karaites , removed their shoes before praying in a synagogue , where they sat on rugs rather than on chairs or benches . ''
Karaites have never been numerous . In 1932 , according to the Jewish Encyclopedia , there were only some 10,000 of them in Russia and approximately 2,000 elsewhere in the world .
So they are numerically stronger today than they were 65 years ago . But despite their 11 synagogues in Israel ( with others in Paris , New York , the Bay Area and , of late , St. Petersburg ) , their survival is by no means assured .
While no figures on marriages between rabbinic and Karaite Jews in Israel are available , the phenomenon is common and likely to become more so because the Karaites mix freely with mainstream Jews .
Moreover , their children are influenced by rabbinic Jewish teachers , pupils and customs at their schools . Their only exposure to their own heritage is at `` Sunday schools . ''
Be that as it may , the Karaites believe that since God has preserved them for 13 centuries , God will do so for at least 13 more .
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — The presence of a dangerous marine organism could eventually impact the fish that we eat for dinner .
As CBS 2 's Elise Finch reported , scientists are working to determine whether invasive shrimp that have been found along the East Coast is a threat to our fish supply .
They are tiny , mostly clear , and look like the grass shrimp that are native to the New York area , but their bright orange spots let scientists know that they are actually invasive creatures known as Japanese Shrimp .
“ Things that are on your table would n't exist without these tiny little species that are the staple of their diet , ” Dr. Lauren Bergey , Marine Biologist , Centenary College explained .
The invasive shrimp have been found along the East Coast from Boston to the Chesapeake Bay , according to Dr. Bergey .
In the Tri-State area the shrimp are typically found in relatively shallow water near docks .
Scientists have been catching and studying Japanese shrimp to determine if they carry disease or prey on local shrimp .
“ Can they detect and get to food faster than our native species ? Can they avoid a predator better ? ” Dr. Bergey said , “ Just like with any species that does n't have a predator you know it could take over . ”
Scientists are still not sure what impact the shrimp will have on local marine life , but their research in the Tri-State area is still underway .
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories
The PlayStation Vita was definitely the star of TGS 2011 . Sony 's dual analog sticks , touch capabilities , impressive graphics , remote play , and 3G functionality has the attention of portable-minded gamers everywhere . I got the chance to interview Shuhei Yoshida , president of Sony Computer Entertainment 's worldwide studios . We chatted about lessons learned from the PSP , Nintendo 's new second 3DS circle pad , HD remakes , and more .
The PSP received many different hardware iterations , to mixed reactions of consumers . Do you think the Vita will experience a similar life cycle ?
We have n't even released the PS Vita , so we do n't have any plans for future iterations . But as with any electronics product , things get better and cheaper or components advance , so we look at what 's going to be available for us . If it makes sense we might consider updating the product . But what we always make sure of is because we are doing the platform business we have to make sure games are compatible . Any iteration of the hardware you 'll be able to play games on . You look back at PSP , we released three iterations of the PSP . These compatible systems , later versions might have gotten some additional features , but basically these are additional nice things .
What options will there be for owners of original PSP games to play them on the Vita ?
Downloadable PSP games will play on the Vita . We are going through the process of testing that , so we ca n't say there will be 100 percent compatibility , but we are looking at a very high compatibility percentage for downloadable versions of PSP games on PS Vita . In addition , because PS Vita has a much larger , nicer-looking screen , and the existence of dual analog sticks , we will provide from a system level that some games benefit using the right analog stick . Like FPS or third-person action-adventure games . We will provide options to remap the control from either face buttons or the action buttons to right analog stick . So the control would be much better on PS Vita .
So is there a chance that owners of the physical UMDs will have a way to play the game on the Vita ?
We just announced that we are working on something like that for the Japanese market . We are still working on the details of the program , so we will inform the details of the plan for the Japanese market . But we have n't decided if we 're going to do something similar outside Japan .
You demonstrated the Vita 's remote play function with Killzone 3 during a TGS 2011 presentation . Will every PS3 game be playable on Vita , or is it up to the developer to incorporate that feature ?
Yes , that 's correct . The PS Vita has to be customized to support remote play with the PS Vita . Yesterday , the demo that I showed using Killzone 3 was customized . It was meant as a technical demo and we have n't even finished the utility of the remote play that 's really , really nice to support higher resolution screens on PS Vita , and the mapping of controls like R3 , R2 , L2 buttons using the backtouch panel . So as soon as we complete the development of those utilities , we will release the utility to PS3 developers so that they can check if their games work with the utility or they may have to do some additional work , because the remote play takes some additional memory and CPU time out of PS3 games . So some games that really utilize the PS3 capabilities may not work , so we 'll see .
What would you say is the most important thing Sony learned from the original PSP ?
There are many lessons we have learned , but if you ask me to pick one lesson… Before the launch , as far as the hardware goes we did n't put enough resources in the hardware to allow us to develop games that are unique to the PSP compared to home consoles . We had many products on PSP , but most of these games like God of War [ Chains of Olympus and Ghost of Sparta ] came from the console . Basically , you can play a bigger , better version of these titles on PS3 . So pre-launch of PSP we were too happy with having the basic capability of PS2-class games to play on PSP , in terms of the screen and CPU/GPU . But after the launch and a few years time , just having pretty graphics is n't enough . Especially when you can play a bigger , better game on home consoles . That 's the one big lesson when we designed the PS Vita . Because it is portable and because it 's a new technological development , we can put a touchscreen , touchpad , cameras , GPS , or 3G capabilities . We made sure that developers will be able to make use of these features that are unique to portable systems , so that with games we can continue to produce something very exciting that you can not find on games on home console . So that 's one lesson .
The second lesson comes post-launch of the PSP . Because we shifted development resources to the PS3 launch , we kind of stopped supporting PSP games post-launch . That was a big mistake , because we did n't realize that third-party developers were doing the same because they were working on the new launch of software on the PS3 , Nintendo Wii , and Xbox 360 as well . So going into the PS Vita , because it 's our second time , we are making sure that we wo n't make the same mistakes , meaning that we 'll continue to support PS Vita with a stream of good titles through release . So I pick these two as the lessons learned from PSP . I would also say that security and piracy was a problem with the PSP as well , and that will be fortified with PS Vita .
Speaking of security , can we expect the Vita to need as many updates as the PSP and PS3 ? Are there plans to make these firmware updates less intrusive ?
I agree , it 's very annoying when you only have one hour in your busy life to play a game , and when you have to spend 30 minutes out of that one-hour to update the hardware . So it 's not necessarily the frequency of how we update , it 's like you said – intrusiveness - of the current processes that we have on PS3 and PSP . I can not talk about specific plans , but we are very aware of the issues , and we 'd like to address those issues on PS Vita going forward .
HD remakes are very popular right now . Can you lend any insight into how difficult it is to update games like God of War and Shadow of the Colossus ? From an outsider 's perspective it seems like these HD remakes are relatively easy to make but have high returns for Sony .
For Sony or for third-party publishers . If they are products for the PS2 that people really , really like , and because the PS2 is an SD system , if there are enough people that want to play these games with HD graphics with some updated features like trophy support , 3D support , or network features , it 's going to be won/win for both consumers and publishers . Because as you said , developing this HD remastered versions costs way less than making brand-new titles on PS3 from the publishers ' standpoint . So many of these titles , when you look at the pricing of these games , publishers are pricing these games much lower than they do new titles . So people who really like these games on PS2 and like to relive them in HD format , when you try Ico and Shadow of the Colossus in the HD collection , you feel that these games are actually made for HD systems . The vision of [ Fumito ] Ueda-san really is realized better on PS3 , so it 's a complete version of these games . It 's great for your money , especially when you are a new gamer and have never played these games before . It 's a steal . It 's two brand-new titles you can purchase for less than buying one new title . So I think as long as there is this happy win/win situation between consumers and publishers , I would expect more titles will come out in this format .
It 's suspicious that Nintendo is releasing a second circle pad attachment for the 3DS after gamers universally praised the Vita 's dual analog sticks . Can you talk about what looks like an attempt by Nintendo to keep up with Sony ?
Well it 's not like they looked at PS Vita and said “ we need to do that as well. ” I do n't know . It 's clear that they did n't believe a second analog was necessary when they designed the 3DS , so I can only guess it was requested by Capcom 's side . Maybe a Capcom producer told Nintendo that to play Monster Hunter we need [ two ] analog sticks . That I do n't know , so I can only guesstimate . It was a bit shocking to see what they came up with .
Touching on the 3DS again , it seems like Nintendo responded to the Vita 's low price tag by dropping the 3DS ' cost even lower . It appears to be a direct response from Nintendo . Is it exciting to see Nintendo , which has had a death grip on the handheld market , seemingly react to the Vita 's hype ?
I do n't personally believe that they dropped the price of the 3DS to respond to our pricing . We did n't price PS Vita to their price , either . We had that plan since the last couple years . My personal guesstimate is that they have their business plan and goals to sell a certain amount of 3DS units , and they realized post-launch was that the pricing was not helping them to achieve the goal that they set . That 's my estimate . As far as if I 'm excited , I 'm not sure . If the 3DS sells like crazy and no one is interested in PS Vita , that 's a problem . There are lots of analysts talking about , “ well , you know there are smart phones , there 's no need for dedicated portable game machines. ” I do n't believe it . But if they point to certain performance of the 3DS and say the smartphone is here , it does n't help us either . I like to see healthy competition between Nintendo 's system and ours because it helps innovation . It 's always a good thing to have .
