On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December , 2015 November , 2015 October , 2015 September , 2015 August , 2015 July , 2015 June , 2015 May , 2015 April , 2015 March , 2015 February , 2015 January , 2015
O'Reilly : ‘ I 'm sorry I said Alan was lying '
Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly on Wednesday said they were “ sorry ” for accusing liberal radio talk show host Alan Colmes of “ lying ” during their heated exchange the night before .
Although O'Reilly said they “ should not have used that word , '' the Fox News host stood by their statement that President Barack Obama has not made any “ specific ” proposals for spending cuts . O'Reilly on Tuesday night repeatedly shouted at Colmes “ you are lying , you are lying ” as Colmes said the president has indeed suggested cuts on entitlements and Medicare .
“ Lots of folks talking about my shootout with Alan Colmes last night where I asked them what specific — specific — budget cuts President Obama has proposed , ” the host said at the start of “ The O'Reilly Factor. ” “ Colmes hemmed and hawed saying the president 's promising to cut Medicare , or something . But the truth is Mr. Obama has not put forth any specific federal spending cuts . It 's all a bunch of general nonsense and so Colmes and I got into it . Even though I 'm sorry I said Alan was lying — I should not have used that word — I 'm glad the exposition occurred . ”
( WATCH : Bill O'Reilly shouts at guest : 'You are lying , you are lying ! ' )
And O'Reilly told viewers they raised their voice to “ get everybody 's attention — I think I succeed ” about Obama 's stance on economic issues .
“ The president of the United States is not looking out for the country right now , ” O'Reilly said . “ He is they hell-bent on destroying the Republican Party and they do not seem to care if the nation collapses as a result . ”
O'Reilly then quickly found themselves in another argument on the subject , this time with Fox News political analyst Kirsten Powers . As they welcomed Powers onto the show , they remarked , “ I understand you visited Alan Colmes in the hospital today . Just a joke . ”
During the interview , Powers backed up Colmes 's stance from the night before about the president 's propsals for spending cuts .
“ You need to admit you are wrong . You are wrong about this and now you 're playing a game , ” Powers said .
O'Reilly once again focused in on the word “ specific ” as they argued with their guest .
“ This is where you and I will never agree , ” O'Reilly said .
“ Because I use facts ? ” Powers jumped in .
“ The word to me , specific , and you can look it up in the dictionary or on the president 's website , specific means you come in and you say , we would like to raise the age for Medicare recipients to 61 . And if you are earning more than $ 250,000 a year , you are not going to get as much as anybody else . We 're going to cut you down to this percentage . That 's specifics . Those are specifics , '' they said .
“ You are totally moving the goal post , ” Powers replied . “ You are totally moving the goal post . What you screamed at Alan about last night , yes , you screamed at Alan last night saying that the president had not made any proposals . ”
“ No , ” O'Reilly said . “ Any ‘ specific . ' And I used that word 13 times . ”
The segment wrapped shortly after O'Reilly told Powers , “ You and I will never reach détente because you do n't understand the word specific . ”
PESHAWAR , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - Senior Taliban figures confirmed on Tuesday they had released a new video showing a kidnapped American-Canadian family , including two young boys born in captivity while held by the feared Haqqani network .
A still image from a video posted by the Taliban on social media on December 19 , 2016 shows American Caitlan Coleman ( L ) speaking next to their Canadian husband Joshua Boyle and their two sons . Taliban/Social media via Reuters
The video showed for the first time the two sons of Canadian Joshua Boyle and Caitlan Coleman , a U.S. citizen . Coleman , 31 , was pregnant when the couple were abducted in 2012 inside Afghanistan while on a backpacking trip .
A Canadian spokesperson said the government was reviewing the video , while U.S. officials would not immediately comment .
In the video , Coleman begs for an end to their “ Kafkaesque nightmare ” and is critical of both the American and Canadian governments and the family 's Haqqani captors .
“ We understand both sides hate us and are content to leave us and our two surviving children in these problems , ” they said .
“ But we can only ask and pray that somebody will recognize the atrocities these men carry out against us as so-called retaliation in their ingratitude and hypocrisy . ”
The two young boys - who , along with their parents , appeared healthy - fidgeted on their father 's lap as Coleman added : “ My children have seen their mother defiled . ”
Two senior Taliban figures based in Afghanistan told Reuters by telephone that the video had been uploaded by the radical Islamist insurgents , who are fighting to topple the U.S.-backed government in Kabul .
One said the video came from the Haqqani network - a close affiliate of the Afghan Taliban - and it had been delivered to both U.S. and Canadian officials before being posted on YouTube late on Monday night .
They said the Haqqani network is demanding the release of three of its senior members - including the brother and maternal uncle of Sirajuddin Haqqani , who is deputy leader of the Afghan Taliban .
Coleman 's reference to their two “ surviving children ” was unexplained . They appealed to both President Barack Obama and President-elect Donald Trump to make a deal with their captors .
“ They want money , power , friends . You must give them these things before progress can be made . ”
Michael O'Shaughnessy , spokesperson for the Canadian Department of Global Affairs , said officials were studying the video .
“ We are deeply concerned for the safety and well-being of Joshua Boyle , Caitlan Coleman and their young children and call for their unconditional release , ” they said .
U.S. officials declined to comment on the new video but referred reporters to statements made by State Department spokesperson John Kirby after the last video of the couple released in late August .
In those statements , Kirby called for the family 's “ immediate release on humanitarian grounds ” and said the U.S. would “ continue to work aggressively ” to bring all American hostages home .
Last year , I wrote a series of articles discussing my various perspectives and practices regarding how I design muscle-building programs for clients . This overall strategy I refer to as the “ Relentless ” protocol . It is a synthesis of various methods and tactics I 've learned over the years from John Meadows , Swede Burns , Charles Staley , and a few others .
To recap , the protocol is as follows :
Select a muscle group . Select three to four exercises that work the muscle through all of its respective functions . Refrain from selecting exercises that train the same movement aspect twice ( e.g . pairing a flat dumbbell press with a push-up or single-arm dumbbell row with a renegade row ) . Select movements that have sustained tension ( e.g . cables , bands , dumbbells , or bodyweight ) . Generally , I would n't recommend barbell movements , but they can be used when appropriate . Perform each movement for eight to 20 repetitions .
These protocols allow for a lot of variety with the movements used , and they also allow multiple muscle groups to be trained in a session . Over the years , I 've become favorable to using this kind of integrated bodybuilding approach with clients . Training each muscle group one at a time may get criticized for being inefficient , but done correctly it allows you to teach someone all the functions of a particular muscle , create an excellent mind-muscle connection , and gives a defined flow to the training session . It also allows you to effectively make use of the same pieces of equipment . Compared to conventional total-body splits , which can feel very random to people and can require a lot of equipment changes , this works much better .
MORE : Three-Dimensional Force Curl Complex
The Protocols
All of the protocols follow the same format : you perform a triset to pre-exhaust the targeted muscle group , and then follow that with a heavier compound movement , performed for low to moderate reps . The trisets are all meant to be performed two to three times , with each movement done for anywhere from eight to 20 reps . The straight set exercise is done for three to six sets of six to 10 reps a set .
You can progress by adding sets , adding reps , and/or adding weight week-to-week and month-to-month .
Deltoids
This sequence is nothing revolutionary . You work each of the deltoids , starting with anterior , medial , and then posterior . You repeat this sequence three times , taking each set to positive failure . Upon finishing , you perform three to five sets of moderate rep sets of heavy dumbbell shoulder press .
A. Incline Front Delt Raise — 11-20 Reps
B . Seated DB Lateral Raise —11-20 Reps
C. DB Butterfly Rear Delt Fly — 8-12 Reps
D. Seated DB Shoulder Press — 6-10 Reps
Chest
This sequence makes use of an adjustable bench and dumbbells . This works excellent for trainers who are limited on space and do n't have a bench press setup available . It also can easily be modified to suit any level of client .
A. Incline DB Press — 8-12 Reps
B . Medicine Ball Alternating Pushups — 6-10 Reps/Side
C. Low Incline DB Fly — 8-12 Reps
D. Flat DB Press or Bench Press — 6-10 Reps
Back ( Thickness )
I 'm sure someone is going to roll their eyes at there being two categories of back exercises , thickness , and width . Laugh however much you like , but there is no denying the biomechanical reality that different angles of movement and exercise recruit muscles differently — that is fact . Vertical pulling movements target the lats much more than rowing movements generally do . This concept is one I picked up from Dante Trudel and their Doggcrapp Training Method a few years ago . It simplified back training into two easy categories of pulling and rowing movements . From a personal trainer standpoint , this is very sensible in regards to program design , and it 's very easy to explain to clients as well . Whether this is the most optimal strategy to train back can definitely be debated , but there is no denying its effectiveness .
A . Seated Wide Grip Pulldown to the Chest — 12-20 Reps
B . Standing Facepull — 8-15 Reps
C. Seated Cable Row — 8-12 Reps
D. DB Deadlifts — 6-12 Reps
Back ( Width )
A . Standing Wide Grip Row to the Chest — 10-16 Reps
B. DB Bent-Over Row— 12-16 Reps ( Can also be done with cable , or be done unilaterally )
C. DB Deadstop Row — 6-10 Reps
D. Snatch Grip Deadlifts to Mid-Shin — 5-10 Reps
Biceps and Triceps
Having access to lots of arm machines is a nice luxury , but for a private facility , it 's unlikely you 'll have many machines . My arm sequences I keep basic : two movements for biceps , two movements for triceps , done with dumbbells , bodyweight , and bands or a suspension trainer if available .
A. DB Pronated Curl ( Simultaneous ) —15-20 Reps
B. Single-Arm DB Overhead Extension — 8-12 Reps
C. Inverted Row with Supinated Grip — 8-15 Reps
D. Bodyweight Skullcrusher — 8-15 Reps
Trapezius
Yes , I like to do direct trapezius work . So does almost everyone I 've trained . It 's fun , and everyone looks sexier and more swoller with thick , meaty traps . Because the traps do n't take much stimulus to grow , this particular sequence is only three movements .
A. Meadows DB Shrugs — 10-15 Reps
B . Long Handle Facepulls — 10-15 Reps
C. Kirk Shrugs — 6-10 Reps
For those who do n't know what Kirk Shrugs are , they are a hybrid of a shrug and a partial upright row . While some people frown on partial range of motion , I 've found these to be very , very effective for building triceps and deltoid mass .
Glutes
I am all about ass . Your posterior chain affects all of your movement , and that movement starts with your pelvis . The glutes do a lot , so this sequence takes you through all the major functions : abduction , external rotation of the familiar , unilateral stabilization , and hip extension .
A . Standing Band Abduction
B. Frog Pumps
C. Feet Elevated Hip extension
D. Romanian Deadlifts
Hamstrings
Can you train your hamstrings separate from your glutes ? For knee flexion , certainly . For all other movements , not so much . You can definitely emphasize the hamstrings , though , by using movements that initiate with knee flexion and require isometric knee flexion , as well as external rotation . This sequence smokes the hamstrings very well .
A . Stability Ball Leg Curl
B . Stability Ball Hip Bridge
C. Straight Leg Hip Bridge
D. KB Swing
Quadriceps
I 've never met anyone that struggled to feel their quads working . Quads are like deltoids : they might be stubborn to grow , but they are easy to innervate unless you cheat all your movements . This sequence is old school . The movements get harder as you go along , so by the time you get the split squats , your quads should be ferociously pumped . This sequence is one I modify often by using lateral , crossover lunges , and reverse lunges for multiplanar movement .
A. Bodyweight Squats
B . Jump Squats
C. DB Front Squats
D. Bulgarian Split Squat
In Closing
This list is not comprehensive , but it provides a framework to program from and modify for any type of client . Whether you have a fantastically outfitted facility or train in a garage gym , this strategy can always be applied . Go forth , do reps , and GROW .
The Washington Capitals have charged to the top of the Metropolitan Division and Eastern Conference by going 16-1-2 in their past 19 games . But the Capitals will , of course , be judged by what they do in the Stanley Cup Playoffs , and general manager Brian MacLellan has a tough decision to make about whether to stand pat or try to add more pieces .
The NHL Trade Deadline is 3 p.m . ET on March 1 , and the 30 general managers in the League have until then to decide if they are going to buy , sell or stand pat . NHL.com is taking a division-by-division look at where each team stands with less than a month to go before the deadline .
The Pittsburgh Penguins , Columbus Blue Jackets and New York Rangers each have a solid hold on a playoff spot , and the Philadelphia Flyers , Carolina Hurricanes , New York Islanders and New Jersey Devils are in the hunt for the second wild card into the playoffs from the Eastern Conference .
Here is a trade deadline primer for the Metropolitan Division :
NOTE : Salary-cap figures from capfriendly.com
WASHINGTON CAPITALS ( 36-11-6 , 78 points )
Where they stand : First place in Metropolitan Division
What they need : An experienced depth defenseman , preferably with a right-handed shot
Pending UFAs : RW T.J. Oshie , RW Justin Williams , LW Daniel Winnik , D Karl Alzner
Pending RFAs : C Evgeny Kuznetsov , RW Andre Burakovsky , LW Brett Connolly , D Dmitry Orlov , D Nate Schmidt , G Philipp Grubauer
Projected cap space at deadline : $ 4.2 million
Current contracts : 44 of 50
2017 NHL Draft selections : 5 ( 1 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 )
Potential targets : D Michael Stone , Arizona Coyotes ; D Cody Franson , Buffalo Sabres ; Brendan Smith , Detroit Red Wings
Potential assets : LW Jakub Vrana , LW/C Zachary Sanford
Biggest trade chip : Vrana , selected No . 13 in the 2014 NHL Draft , has 13 goals and 11 assists in 31 games with Hershey of the American Hockey League , but they have had trouble cracking the Capitals lineup the past two seasons . Vrana 's chance probably will come next season , so it would take something special for MacLellan to consider giving them up .
2016 deadline : The Capitals made three trades near the deadline , each designed to add depth to a team that management believed was ready to compete for the Stanley Cup . The Capitals added Winnick , forward Ryan Bourque and defenseman Mike Weber , trading Chris Brown , Brooks Laich , Connor Carrick , a 2016 fifth-round pick and a 2017 third-round pick .
GM 's deadline track record : MacLellan has been relatively conservative in their two previous deadlines as GM , eschewing the blockbuster trade for smaller depth moves . With the Capitals again at the top of the Eastern Conference , expect MacLellan to stick to depth trades if they make any .
COLUMBUS BLUE JACKETS ( 33-13-5 , 71 points )
Where they stand : Second place in Metropolitan Division
What they need : Depth at center , an experienced backup goaltender
Pending UFAs : C/RW Sam Gagner
Pending RFAs : C Alexander Wennberg , RW Josh Anderson , C Lukas Sedlak , D Scott Harrington , G Joonas Korpisalo
Projected cap space at deadline : $ 9.1 million
Current contracts : 44 of 50
2017 NHL Draft selections : 7 ( 1 , 2 * , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 ) * conditional pick
Potential targets : G Ondrej Pavelec , Winnipeg Jets ; G Keith Kinkaid , Devils ; D Michael Stone , Arizona Coyotes ; D Cody Franson , Buffalo Sabres ; D Brendan Smith , Detroit Red Wings
Potential assets : Korpisalo , G Anton Forsberg , LW Paul Bittner
Biggest trade chip : Sonny Milano , selected No . 16 in the 2014 draft , has gotten a taste of NHL experience each of the past two seasons . Blue Jackets GM Jarmo Kekalainen is building for long-term success , but would they be tempted to give up one of their many young assets for the right return ?
2016 deadline : The Blue Jackets were not in playoff contention last season and did not make any trades near the deadline .
GM 's deadline track record : This is the first time since 2014 that the Blue Jackets have been playoff contenders approaching the deadline . That year , Kekalainen traded forward Marian Gaborik to the Los Angeles Kings for forward Matt Frattin and two draft picks , and acquired defenseman Nick Schultz from the Edmonton Oilers for a draft pick . With the Blue Jackets in position to compete for the Stanley Cup this season and beyond , it appears unlikely Kekalainen will do anything that might shake up team chemistry .
PITTSBURGH PENGUINS ( 33-13-5 , 71 points )
Where they stand : Third place in Metropolitan Division
What they need : An experienced defenseman
Pending UFAs : LW Chris Kunitz , C Nick Bonino , C Matt Cullen , D Trevor Daley , D Chad Ruhwedel
Pending RFAs : LW Conor Sheary , D Justin Schultz , D Brian Dumoulin
Projected cap space at deadline : $ 0
Current contracts : 45 of 50
2017 NHL Draft selections : 8 ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 5 , 6 , 7 )
Potential targets : D Kevin Shattenkirk , St. Louis Blues ; D Johnny Oduya , Dallas Stars ; D Fedor Tyutin , Colorado Avalanche ; D Michael Stone , Arizona Coyotes ; D Ron Hainsey , Carolina Hurricanes
Potential assets : Draft picks , D Derrick Pouliot , G Marc-Andre Fleury
Biggest trade chip : Fleury , 32 , has been a good soldier again this season , and GM Jim Rutherford repeatedly has said they want to keep them and rookie Matt Murray to help in the Penguins ' bid to repeat as Stanley Cup champions . In addition , Fleury has a no-movement clause and a modified no-trade clause . But if a trade gave Fleury a chance to play regularly and the Penguins the ability to upgrade their roster , Fleury and Rutherford would have to seriously consider it .
2016 deadline : The Penguins made three trades near the deadline . They added defenseman Justin Schultz , forwards Dustin Jeffrey and Matthias Plachta , and a 2017 seventh-round pick , trading forwards Matia Marcantuoni , Dan O'Donaghue and Sergei Plotnikov , as well as a 2016 third-round pick .
GM 's deadline track record : Rutherford wo n't wait for the deadline if they find a trade offer they like . Their trade for left wing Carl Hagelin last season ( for forward David Perron and defenseman Adam Clendening ) came on Jan. 16 .
NEW YORK RANGERS ( 33-18-1 , 67 points )
Where they stand : Fourth place in Metropolitan Division , first wild card in Eastern Conference
What they need : An experienced defenseman
Pending UFAs : None
Pending RFAs : C Mika Zibanejad , C/RW Brandon Pirri , LW/RW Jesper Fast , LW Matt Puempel , C Oscar Lindberg , D Adam Clendening
Projected cap space at deadline : $ 10.1 million
Current contracts : 45 of 50
2017 NHL Draft selections : 6 ( 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 )
Potential targets : D Michael Stone , Arizona Coyotes ; D Johnny Oduya , Dallas Stars ; D Fedor Tyutin , Colorado Avalanche ; D Ron Hainsey , Carolina Hurricanes
Potential assets : Pirri , Clendening , LW Ryan Gropp
Biggest trade chip : Gropp , who was selected in the second round ( No . 41 ) in the 2015 draft , is having a solid season with Seattle of the Western Hockey League with 15 goals and 28 assists in 45 games . The Rangers have some young depth at forward , but would they be willing to give up Gropp to acquire the help they need on defense ?
2016 deadline : The Rangers avoided giving up a first-round draft pick last season when they got forward Eric Staal from the Hurricanes before the deadline ( for forward Aleksi Saarela and two second-round picks ) .
GM 's deadline track record : This will be Jeff Gorton 's second deadline as GM , and they appear intent to hold on to New York 's 2017 first-round draft pick . Because of past trades , including deadline deals for Martin St. Louis ( 2014 ) and Keith Yandle ( 2015 ) , the Rangers have n't had a first-round pick since defenseman Brady Skjei in 2012 .
PHILADELPHIA FLYERS ( 26-21-7 , 59 points )
Where they stand : Fifth place in Metropolitan Division , second wild card in Eastern Conference
What they need : Forward depth , goaltending
Pending UFAs : C Pierre-Edouard Bellemare , LW Chris VandeVelde , D Mark Streit , D Michael Del Zotto , D Nick Schultz , G Steve Mason , G Michal Neuvirth
Pending RFAs : C/LW Roman Lyubimov , C Travis Konecny , D Shayne Gostisbehere
Projected cap space at deadline : $ 1.7 million
Current contracts : 46 of 50
2017 NHL Draft selections : 10 ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 7 * ) * conditional pick
Potential targets : LW/RW Thomas Vanek , Detroit Red Wings ; RW Radim Vrbata , Arizona Coyotes
Potential assets : Draft picks , Streit , Del Zotto , Mason , Neuvirth
Biggest trade chip : Gostisbehere , 23 , was a Calder Trophy finalist last season but was a healthy scratch for the third consecutive game Monday , and other teams surely have noticed . But even with the depth of defense prospects the Flyers have built up , it 's difficult to imagine GM Ron Hextall trading Gostisbehere .
2016 deadline : The Flyers did not make any trades near the deadline last season .
GM 's deadline track record : Hextall is in the same position as a season ago when they stood pat at the deadline , and the Flyers were able to get into the playoffs as the second wild card . They seem intent on remaining patient in rebuilding the Flyers rather than trying for a quick fix through a trade .
NEW YORK ISLANDERS ( 23-18-10 , 56 points )
Where they stand : Sixth place in Metropolitan Division , three points behind Philadelphia Flyers for second wild card in Eastern Conference
What they need : Forward depth
Pending UFAs : C/RW Stephen Gionta , D Dennis Seidenberg
Pending RFAs : D Calvin de Haan , D Adam Pelech , G Jean-Francois Berube
Projected cap space at deadline : $ 7 million
Current contracts : 44 of 50
2017 NHL Draft selections : 5 ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 7 )
Potential targets : C Martin Hanzal , Arizona Coyotes ; LW/RW Thomas Vanek , Detroit Red Wings ; RW Radim Vrbata , Arizona Coyotes
Potential assets : Seidenberg , G Jaroslav Halak , Berube
Biggest trade chip : C Ryan Strome , selected with the fifth pick in the 2011 draft , has yet to follow up on a breakout 2014-15 season when they had 17 goals and 50 points . It might be time for the Islanders to see what they can get for them and get some help for center John Tavares .
2016 deadline : The Islanders made two depth trades last year , adding forwards Shane Prince and Marc-Andre Cliche , as well as a seventh-round pick , and giving up forward Taylor Beck and a third-round pick .
GM 's deadline track record : GM Garth Snow last made a big splash at the deadline in 2007 when they acquired forward Ryan Smyth from the Edmonton Oilers to help for the playoff push . With new owners Scott Malkin and Jon Ledecky looking over Snow 's shoulder following the firing of coach Jack Capuano on Jan. 17 , there might be more pressure on them to qualify for the playoffs this season .
NEW JERSEY DEVILS ( 23-21-10 , 56 points )
Where they stand : Seventh place in Metropolitan Division , three points behind Philadelphia Flyers for second wild card in Eastern Conference
What they need : A top-four defenseman , scoring forwards
Pending UFAs : RW PA Parenteau , D Kyle Quincey , D Karl Stollery , G Keith Kinkaid
Pending RFAs : C Jacob Josefson , C Sergey Kalinin , RW Beau Bennett , C Joseph Blandisi , RW Stefan Noesen , D Damon Severson , D Seth Helgeson
Projected cap space at deadline : $ 39.4 million
Current contracts : 46 of 50
2017 NHL Draft selections : 8 ( 1 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 4 , 5 , 6 )
Potential targets : None
Potential assets : LW Mike Cammalleri , Quincey , Kinkaid , Parenteau
Biggest trade chip : The Devils have 12 total picks in the first four rounds of the next two drafts and have plenty of salary-cap space to take on contracts . Those are their biggest assets .
2016 deadline : The Devils were conservative sellers last season because they were n't in a playoff spot but also were n't out of reach . They traded defenseman Eric Gelinas and forwards Lee Stempniak and Stefan Matteau to get forward Devante Smith-Pelly , a second-round draft pick , a third-round pick and a fourth-round pick .
GM 's deadline track record : In their second season as Devils GM , Ray Shero is in a similar place to where they were at the deadline a year ago , and they appear ready to take a similar approach and collect more assets with the hope of doing something bigger again in the offseason ( see : Taylor Hall trade ) . Shero traded center Vernon Fiddler , a pending unrestricted free agent , to the Nashville Predators on Saturday for a fourth-round pick .
CAROLINA HURRICANES ( 24-20-7 , 55 points )
Where they stand : Eighth place in Metropolitan Division , four points behind Philadelphia Flyers for second wild card in Eastern Conference
What they need : Scoring forwards , goaltending
Pending UFAs : LW Bryan Bickell , LW/RW Viktor Stalberg , C Jay McClement , C Derek Ryan , D Ron Hainsey , D Matt Tennyson
Pending RFAs : C Teuvo Teravainen , LW Brock McGinn , RW Ty Rattie , D Klas Dahlbeck .
Projected cap space at deadline : $ 70.2 million
Current contracts : 47 of 50
2017 NHL Draft selections : 9 ( 1 , 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 * , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 ) * conditional pick
Potential targets : LW Gabriel Landeskog , Colorado Avalanche ; C Matt Duchene , Avalanche
Potential assets : Draft picks , Hainsey , RW Lee Stempniak
Biggest trade chip : Defenseman Justin Faulk , 24 , represented the Hurricanes in the 2017 Honda NHL All-Star Game , but they might be expendable in the right trade for a scoring forward because of Carolina 's depth of young defensemen , including Jaccob Slavin , 22 , Brett Pesce , 22 , and Noah Hanifin , 20 .
2016 deadline : The Hurricanes were busy unloading players for assets at the deadline last season , trading forwards Eric Staal and Kris Versteeg , defenseman John-Michael Liles , and goalie Drew MacIntyre , and getting back forwards Aleksi Saarela , Anthony Camara and Valentin Zykov , defenseman Dennis Robertson , two second-round draft picks , a third-round pick , a fifth-round pick , and a conditional fifth-round pick .
GM 's deadline track record : While rebuilding the Hurricanes , GM Ron Francis was a seller at the deadline the past two seasons and might also try to trade away a pending UFA or two this season . But Francis has made it clear they have plenty of salary-cap space and young depth and is willing to listen to offers for players who can help the Hurricanes now and long term .
Yesterday morning , I mentioned the extent of cognitive dissonance surrounding the Gold was surprising ( What Are Gold 's Fundamentals ? ) .
The reaction to Gold 's crash has produced some astonishing rationalizations . The refusal to acknowledge basic trading facts leads us to recognize that Gold bugs and traders have very specific rules that they MUST follow . These social conventions look less like a debate about asset classes and more like a religious cult .
The advocates for any sort of investing thesis have their rules , metrics , heuristics and biases . Here are the rules we teased out for the Gold Trade :
The Rules of Goldbuggery
1 . Gold is a Currency : This is rule number 1 . It is not a decorative or industrial metal , it is a permanent store of value , as dictated by Greeks in Lydia around 700 B.C . And , it shall be ever thus .
2 . The price of gold can not fall , it can only be manipulated lower : When gold 's price falls , it is an unnatural act . It can only occur as the result of an international cabal of Central Bankers and politicians . Its a conspiracy , and we know who the guilty parties are .
3 . If the price of gold is rising , it is doing so despite enormous and desperate efforts by manipulators to prevent the rise : This is the corollary to the prior Rule of Gold manipulation . Gold runs up despite the overwhelming opposition to it .
4 . The world MUST return to the Gold Standard one day : It is inevitable that we will return to a Gold Standard . We all know this to be true . When we compare the size of the money supply to past amounts when there was a Gold Standard , we can derive prices of Gold in the $ 7,000 , $ 10,000 even $ 15,000 . Hence , we know its cheap even at $ 2,000 .
5 . Central Bankers are printing money relentlessly , and this can only drive Gold prices higher : NOTE : You must ignore , for the moment , that Gold has not gone higher for the past 2 years as Central Banks around the world have ramped up QE . This only means that ultimately , Gold will go much much higher .
6 . Gold works whether the economy is good or bad : When we have a red hot economy , Gold is your hedge against inflation . When we have a bad economy , Gold is a safe harbor against collapse . It is a one way trade that never fails !
7 . Gold will survive after the world economy crumbles : Gold is the ultimate currency , as it has a value that will survive even after the whole world tumbles around you . Get yourself some gold coins and a Glock and you will be just fine when the whole world goes to shit . We welcome the era envisioned in the movie Mad Max .
8 . Never admit that Gold is essentially a sucker 's bet : Never discuss how in the last century , gold has run up only be to trounced in repeated massive sell offs ( always blame rule # 2 for this ) . Do not discuss how this has happened in 1915-20 , 1941 , 1947 , 1951-66 , 1974-76 1981 , 1983-85 , 1987-2000 and 2008 .
9 . Gold is a rejection of government , and their control of fiat money and finance : There are no printing presses that produce gold , it is finite , natural and God created . How much we scrape out of the ground each year is limited , and the only variable to the old equation . ( Just ignore Man 's natural tendency to organize into to City-States over the past 12,000 years ) .
10 . All Gold discussions must contain ominous macro forecasts : Your description of why Gold is going higher must consist of spurious correlations , unprovable predictions , and a guarded expectation of bad things in the future . Avoid empirical data at all costs .
11 . Gold is always rallying in one currency or another : Sure , it may be down 30 % in Dollars , the reserve currency it is priced in , but you can always find a currency falling faster than it does and claim you own it in that denomination . Last week , it was up in Japanese Yen . This week , it is up in Zimbabwe dollars .
12 . China & India know the value of Gold ; the Western world does not : The massive buying of gold by consumers in Chindia reflects the culture , intelligence and investing savvy of the people in these countries . The West does n't get it , and it is their loss .
Bonus rule : Never admit Gold might be falling because it trades on human emotions and psychology and has no intrinsic value whatsoever .
In this Jan. 9 , 2015 photo provided by Tom Evans , Kevin Jorgeson climbs on what is known as pitch 15 during what has been called the hardest rock climb in the world : a free climb of El Capitan , the largest monolith of granite in the world , a half-mile section of exposed granite in California 's Yosemite National Park . The first climber reached its summit in 1958 , and there are roughly 100 routes up to the top . ( AP Photo/Tom Evans , elcapreport ) 3375072
In this Jan. 9 , 2015 photo provided by Tom Evans , Kevin Jorgeson climbs on what is known as pitch 15 during what has been called the hardest rock climb in the world : a free climb of El Capitan , the largest monolith of granite in the world , a half-mile section of exposed granite in California 's Yosemite National Park . The first climber reached its summit in 1958 , and there are roughly 100 routes up to the top . ( AP Photo/Tom Evans , elcapreport ) - Bulletin
A- A+
New York Times News Service
Few of the nearly 100 routes up El Capitan at Yosemite National Park have been free climbed , meaning that ropes have been used only to catch falling climbers — not to aid their ascent . Tommy Caldwell and Kevin Jorgeson are trying to free climb the 3,000-foot Dawn Wall , a vertical sheet of mostly smooth granite that many believe is the most difficult climb in the world .
They could complete the climb by Tuesday or Wednesday .
Two world-class climbers , Alex Honnold and Beth Rodden , answer questions about the arduous journey .
Q : Why are Caldwell and Jorgeson climbing at night ?
A : Honnold : Because it 's too hot in the sun . That part of the wall bakes in direct sunlight as soon as it rises . In cool conditions , they can stick to the holds better , which makes the climbing feel easier . In full heat , it feels impossible .
Q : How do Caldwell and Jorgeson belay each other when they are separated by several pitches ?
A : Honnold : They have fixed lines on the wall so they can commute up and down between the particular pitches .
Q : When Caldwell climbs back to the top of Pitch 20 after helping belay Jorgeson , will they use aid on their reascent so they wo n't wear themselves out ?
A : Rodden : I would imagine Tommy will jumar ( ascend the rope , not the rock ) behind Kevin to reach their high point .
Q : How is Caldwell multiple pitches past Jorgeson — do n't they have to ascend pitch by pitch together ? Can Caldwell complete the climb on their own ?
A : Rodden : In the ideal world , you ascend the pitches together , what climbers call swapping leads , where one person leads the pitch cleanly , then the other follows it cleanly . You would alternate who leads and follows each pitch for the entire route . Tommy and Kevin currently have ropes fixed on the route for the camera crew and to make it so they can get back and forth to their camp . In this regard , Tommy can ascend the rope to their high point ; Kevin can do the same , belay them on a pitch and jumar behind them to clean the pitch . This way Kevin avoids having to grab the sharp holds , and they can rest while belaying Tommy . If Tommy did do the route by himself , Kevin would most likely follow in this way , by jumaring behind them instead of free climbing .
Q : How are anchor points established in hard-to-reach points on the wall ?
A : Rodden : Some of the anchor points follow the old aid-route line ; others have been established by the free climbers . Most free routes these days try to follow the no-hands-stance approach . This means that at the end of each pitch , you are able to get into a stance where you can stand without hands and set up your belay . This allows for the entire route to go free with zero points of aid . Hypothetically , if you set an anchor at a hanging belay ( one where you could n't stand without hands ) , then there would be a section of the wall , however small , that you did n't free climb , where you had to hang on the rope to move upward . After you reach the no-hands stance , you are able to hang on the belay . Some pitches are long , as in a rope length that is approximately 180 to 200 feet . Others are shorter .
Q : Who takes their gear up for them , and how ?
A : Rodden : They have had their portaledges on the route for the season while they have been working on the route . They have people resupplying them with food and water during their push .
Q : Do you think that , as new generations of climbers enter Yosemite National Park , ascent times for the Dawn Wall will become the new standard for climbing excellence ? Do you foresee athletes eventually speed climbing the Dawn Wall just as today 's climbers do with Yosemite 's Half Dome ?
A : Honnold : I really doubt it , though it 's certainly possible . That 's sort of the case for normal El Cap free routes like Freerider . But it 's really hard to imagine climbing progressing so far that the Dawn Wall is ever easy . But someday someone will repeat it , and it will probably take less time than Tommy and Kevin are taking . We 'll see .
Q : Can you explain how Caldwell and Jorgeson will measure their success on this attempt ?
A : Honnold : I think success will be both of them free climbing the wall . Anything less than a team ascent would be hugely disappointing , though I 'm sure they are open to all potential scenarios . But they both hope to free the wall .
Q : How many vertical feet is the climb from the base of the cliff to the high point ?
A : Honnold : It 's probably about 3,000 feet from bottom to top , though some of the climbing is horizontal , so they actually climb more than that .
Q : There is a mental strength required to complete a climb of this sort : focusing intensely for stretches amid hours of nothing , overcoming the boredom of waiting for parts to heal and staying limber , and surmounting fear and anxiety . How are Caldwell and Jorgeson dealing with the mental side of this battle with El Capitan ?
A : Honnold : There is definitely mental strength involved , but maybe not as much as you think . Yes , I 'm sure they 're anxious about failure and conditions and weather and all those things . But they definitely are n't feeling any fear about the actual climbing . They 've worked on the route for seven years -—they 're well prepared both physically and psychologically . Yes , it must be really hard for them to maintain their psyche and motivation while spending entire days resting their skin . Not being able to move at all must be tedious , and I 'm sure they 're pretty tired . But they are climbing what will probably be the biggest route of their lives . I 'm sure it 's not that hard to stay motivated .
8828572
The Centre Block is the main building of the Canadian parliamentary complex on Parliament Hill , in Ottawa , Ontario , containing the House of Commons and Senate chambers , as well as the offices of a number of members of parliament , senators , and senior administration for both legislative houses . It is also the location of several ceremonial spaces , such as the Hall of Honour , the Memorial Chamber , and Confederation Hall .
Built in the Gothic Revival style , the present Centre Block is the building 's second iteration . The first was destroyed by fire in 1916 ; all that remains of the original building is the Library of Parliament , at the rear of the Centre Block . Though construction began immediately after the blaze , sculpting work on the interior continued through the 1970s . One of the most recognizable buildings in Canada , the Centre Block is depicted on the Canadian $ 10 bill ( the Library of Parliament ) , $ 20 bill ( the Peace Tower ) , and the $ 50 bill .
Are you on Pinterest ? While this addictive , visual social platform has certainly made its mark when it comes to everything from home decorating ideas to recipes to hairstyling tips ( and SO much more ) , it is also a terrific resource for training , instructional/eLearning design and talent development professionals .
I 've been pinning for a couple of years now . Alongside creatively-titled boards , like “ Food My Picky Family Might Actually Like , ” “ Champagne Wishes and Louboutin Dreams , ” and “ Clothes Before Bros , ” you 'll find my “ Learning and Development Playground ” board…a repository for awesome infographics , links to helpful articles and dozens of other great nuggets .
Pinterest might not seem like a logical source for professional resources , but I can assure you that I have gained a number of ideas through this social media channel . So , if you are new to Pinterest , consider this post your starter kit . Check out these 10 boards , chock full of L & D nerd-approved resources :
( Shannon Tipton )
( Shannon Tipton )
( Dawn Mahoney )
( Tracy Parish )
( Enzo Silva )
( Corey Maddux )
( Corey Maddux )
( Langevin Learning Services )
9 . Training & Talent Development
( Association for Talent Development – ATD )
( Articulate )
There you have it . Whether you 're just getting started on Pinterest , or if you 're just looking for some creative , inspiring boards to follow , these 10 examples have a little something for everyone…regardless of your focus along the workplace learning spectrum !
Your turn : Do you follow any boards that other learning professionals would find interesting ? Share the board name and/or link in the comments below . And do n't forget to follow Learning & Development Playground !
Know of someone who would appreciate this post ? Be kind and share it !
Advertisements
Ivanka Trump Praised for Helping Tax Cuts Pass Through Congress
Ivanka Trump is confident that the GOP will deliver historic tax reform for the American people before Christmas , touting the positive impact on the middle class and small businesses .
The House is expected to vote on the so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on Tuesday , with a Senate vote to follow later in the week .
The sweeping legislation keeps seven tax brackets , but reduces rates for five of them . The new rates start at 10 percent and rise to 12 , 22 , 24 , 32 , 35 and 37 percent . The corporate tax rate is reduced from 35 percent to 21 percent , and the bill provides tax deductions to other businesses , lowering their top effective tax rate to about 30 percent instead of 39.6 percent .
`` We 're going to deliver historic tax reforms and it 's going to happen before Christmas , '' Trump said on `` Fox & Friends '' Monday morning . `` It 's going to be the fulfillment of an enormous campaign promise , and something that 's just tremendously important for the American people . ''
`` Small businesses will have the lowest taxes since 1931 '' ... Ivanka Trump discusses impact of tax reform pic.twitter.com/NVuVBmeiU5 — FOX & friends ( @ foxandfriends ) December 18 , 2017
They said people want a simplified tax code , lower corporate taxes , increased per-child tax credits for families and more favorable rates for the middle class and small businesses .
`` Since day one , the president said they wanted to deliver middle income tax relief - targeted middle income tax relief - and they also wanted to cut corporate rates to enable our businesses to be competitive and to thrive in a global economy , '' Trump said . `` And this bill does exactly those things . ''
The president 's oldest daughter , who now serves as a special adviser , said small businesses will see taxes go down to their lowest point since 1931 .
They said she 's hopeful that this `` enormous and historic win for the American people '' will help create cohesion within the Republican Party and with Democrats in Congress , so that the administration can enter 2018 with tremendous momentum .
Watch more above .
Tomi Lahren : 'Blue Wave ' Coming in 2018 If GOP Does n't Get Something Done
Melania Trump 's Popularity Soars , Majority View Them Favorably , Poll Shows
Radio Host : Dems Tried to Convince Voters 'People Will Die ' From Tax Reform
Herman Cain : GOP Tax Plan Not ' 9-9-9 ' But Still 'Fine-Fine-Fine '
December 8 , 2018
nutrition biohacking cognition supplements
Tea : coffee 's coy competitor in the cutthroat—yet throat-soothing—world of hot beverages . Both provide daily stimulant boosts , both are great to share with a loved one , and both are steeped in rich and complex histories .
But popular teas ( like green tea , black tea , and even tea extract and tea constituents ) have something coffee doesn't—an amino acid celebrated for its cognitive performance and wider health benefits : L-theanine ( L-THEE-uh-neen ) .
If you have a cup of green tea or black tea in front of you , take a sip . Savor those tocopherols and flavonoids lending the cup its signature color and flavor . The tea leaves ' distinct bitterness is supplied by natural antioxidants knowns as catechins.1
But there 's another flavor you should be experiencing . A pleasant mouth-filling sensation that creates a rounded and savory taste . Umami , often called the fifth taste after bitter , sour , sweet , and salty . Tea 's umami flavor is all thanks to the non-protein amino acid , L-theanine.1
In this article , we wo n't just stick to why tea is so tasty . We 'll talk about the positive effects L-theanine can have on your stress levels , cognitive performance , and cardiovascular and immune health .
Brain Boost
A healthy body starts with a healthy brain . L-theanine has proven itself to be a powerful supplement for brain health by assisting with stress , sleep , attention , and memory .
Stress and Anxiety
If you 've ever brewed a cup of tea to decompress from a stressful day or share with an anxious friend , congratulations—you have fabulous instincts .
Researchers have found L-theanine can reduce our physiological stress responses by altering the behavior of neurotransmitters in the brain.2 But this is n't a slow , thirty-days-to-better-behavior modification process . L-theanine is tough , immediately jumping on defense .
Taking L-theanine is like hiring a bodyguard for your brain .
Our brains balance activity through excitatory ( upper ) and inhibitory ( downer ) neurotransmitters . You 've probably heard of some of the major excitatory neurotransmitters like dopamine and serotonin . But the balance can shift through an excess of these excitatory neurotransmitters and cause classic responses we 're familiar with : stress , anxiety , and activation of the sympathetic nervous system ( also known as the fight-or-flight response ) .
Taking L-theanine to mimic gamma-aminobutyric acid ( a neurotransmitter that blocks impulses between nerve cells in the brain ) can inhibit these excitatory responses and ease their physiological stress responses , allowing you to enjoy lower heart rate,2 lower blood pressure,3 attenuation of the fight-or-flight response,2 and reduced cortisol levels ( major stress hormone ) .2,3
If the classic calming effect is n't revealing enough , let 's pull back the covers on how deeply relaxing L-theanine can be .
Sleep
To catch some Zs , first we have to catch some waves .
During sleep , it 's all about theta waves and delta waves . Theta waves occur in the first stages of sleep and generate two distinct rhythms of greater amplitude and lower frequency than our waking beta waves . Delta waves are the lowest frequency , the highest amplitude waves generated during the deepest stages of sleep . But right before sleep , when you 're still in that daydreamy , relaxed state , it 's all about the alpha waves . The brain generates alpha waves during deeply relaxing activities , such as meditation.4,5
But if you struggle to feel peaceful during meditation or get your mind to achieve that quiet calm right before bed , L-theanine can take you there . Studies have shown that L-theanine can generate alpha brain waves in the parietal and occipital regions of the brain , leading to a prolonged calming effect.4,5 In a placebo-controlled study of young individuals with ADHD , L-theanine proved especially effective in helping them get to sleep and experience deep sleep.6
Sleep problems are often a concern for individuals with ADHD , and L-theanine proved to be a safe and effective therapy to improve sleep quality .
Even if you do n't have ADHD , you may benefit from taking L-theanine before bed . However , drinking the amino-acid rich green tea before bedtime may not be the best idea though . Caffeine is a sneaky stimulant . Luckily , you can get all the tranquility of L-theanine without the caffeine boost by taking Yawn , HVMN 's non-habit forming sleep aid . In addition to L-theanine , Yawn contains other REM cycle saviors like magnesium glycinate , amino acid L-glycine , and the classic melatonin for better sleep quality .
Focus and Attention
L-theanine has the power to both calm you down in the evenings and provide a boost in the morning . You know those days ; poor sleep quality from the night before leaves you dull , each excruciating minute stretched out between sips of coffee . But all that coffee can have a negative build up , leading to a jittery , on edge feeling while desperately trying not to fidget during your conference room presentation .
If you 're ready to sacrifice the coffee , but not the caffeine , HVMN has Sprint to get your day going . This nootropic stack features L-theanine , caffeine , and the added bonus of ginseng to reduce fatigue . Like the name , Sprint is made to get your mind moving quickly and keep it alert for up to six hours . It 'll provide you with that ideal mental flow to be focused , productive , and energetic without all the jitters .
The same amino acid that ushers you into dreamland can also deliver an attentive state of mind . Multiple human studies show that consuming L-theanine can increase focus , reaction times , and visual processing while reducing mental fatigue.7,8 Essentially , subjects in these human studies performed attention tasks better after taking L-theanine . Their overall mental performance improved .
Even when the mind is in a relaxed state and creating those alpha waves , it 's focused . Consider meditation : its goal is mindfulness , focusing on an inner calm . Meditating is a form of dialed-in concentration that also happens to be calming .
Memory
Maybe you 're a morning master , but you ca n't remember the names of half your closest coworkers . Enter L-theanine , which can assist with memory.9
To be clear : drinking a single cup of green tea will not suddenly remind you of where you left your keys . However , consuming L-theanine over time could help protect the neurons in your brain from injury or death to mitigate cognitive impairment and contribute to the development of the hippocampus ( which , sadly , is not the future academic grounds of the large semi-aquatic African mammal ) . But it is the part of your brain responsible for storing memories.9
Start young , and you could even stand a better chance against the oxidative damage and memory impairment of Alzheimer's.10
Oh , and remember how we talked about L-theanine reducing cortisol levels ? Cortisol can negatively impact memory retrieval.11 Reduce cortisol levels , and you may be able to retrieve those memories a little more easily .
We 've touched upon what L-theanine can do for the brain , but let 's not forget about its benefits for the body .
Body Builder
L-theanine could n't let your brain have all the fun . So freshen up your tea , and let 's talk about what your new amino acid can do for your body .
Immune System
Unfortunately , L-theanine is not the cure for the common cold . But it has been linked to increased protection against the flu and a boost in immune function when combined with another amino acid , L-cystine.12 This combination improves the production of Immunoglobin G ( IgG ) , an antibody with a vendetta against infection , and glutathione ( GSH ) , an antioxidant.12
Antioxidants are valuable because they help our bodies remove free radicals . Free radicals are these unpaired , unstable , thieving little molecules that steal electrons from our lipid cell membranes ( also called lipid peroxidation ) . The theft causes tissue and muscle damage and contributes to some of the big name diseases out there : diabetes , heart disease , and cancer . L-theanine has demonstrated powerful antioxidative properties.13,14,15
Cardiovascular System
Because antioxidants help us remove the free radicals that lead to cardiovascular problems like heart disease , L-theanine can do some pretty amazing things for heart health .
Tea leaves from green tea and black tea on their own have been shown to improve cardiovascular health.16,17 And L-theanine sweetens the deal through its ability to mitigate blood pressure increases when the user undergoes acute stress . Translation ? Less strain on the heart.18
Supplementing with L-theanine
Not a fan of green tea or black tea ? Healthy adults can safely and easily supplement L-theanine at a dosage of 100-200 mg per day , a staggering five to ten times higher concentration than what you 'll find in a cup of green tea.1 So even if you 're already pounding cup after cup of the umami taste bomb , you may not be enjoying all of its benefits ... or at least not as efficiently . Consider supplementing with L-theanine to warm up for your day or to cool down at the end of it .
L-theanine has n't been linked to any adverse side effects or symptoms in the neuropharmacology sphere , but bear in mind that it should not be mixed with medications taken for high blood pressure because L-theanine reduces blood pressure . As with all new supplements and medications , consult with your healthcare provider before taking .
Last Drops
Whether you 're a coffee connoisseur or a tenacious tea drinker , your mind and body will enjoy the benefits of adding L-theanine to the mix . To recap , those are :
Reduced levels of stress and anxiety
Increased sleep quality
Increased focus , attention , and memory
Increased immune function
Increased cardiovascular health
Antioxidative properties
No matter what 's in your cup , we can all raise a glass to that .
How State DOTs Got Congress to Grant Their Wish List
Bike and pedestrian funding got slashed . Federal assistance for transit operations was rejected . Even the performance measures – arguably the high point of the recently passed federal transportation bill – are too weak to be very meaningful . For Americans who want federal policy to support safe streets , sustainable transportation , and livable neighborhoods , there were few bright spots in the transportation bill Congress passed last month .
But state transportation departments are celebrating . They scored victory after victory , getting a bigger share of federal funding with fewer rules and regulations attached .
In the Senate , advocates were able to work some reforms into the bill and mobilize grassroots support for amendments like the Cardin-Cochran provision , which put funds for street safety projects in the hands of local governments , not state DOTs . But the House never managed to pass a bill of its own , and the opaque conference committee process was an exercise in horse-trading that advocates found difficult to penetrate .
The final product , which included measures like raising the federal contribution for certain highway expansions , seemed finely tailored to benefit DOTs in several ways . “ This is a bill written by and for the benefit of state DOTs at the expense of both federal oversight and regional and community outcomes , ” wrote David Burwell , director of the climate change program of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , in an email shortly after the bill passed . They said the policy changes “ are too elegantly crafted and specific in their effect to have been written , or even conceived , by members of Congress or their staff . ”
For state DOTs , access to lawmakers is a given . “ We worked very closely with the House and Senate to craft those measures , ” AASHTO Director John Horsley confirmed to Streetsblog in an interview yesterday . They said that while AASHTO offered recommendations , no text written by AASHTO made it into the bill verbatim , as far as they know .
According to Horsley 's account , AASHTO followed a pretty standard script when it came to advocating for their interests on the Hill . Every stakeholder and special interest under the sun had its lobbyists knocking on lawmakers ' doors , offering their two cents – everyone from gravel producers to equipment manufacturers to environmentalists to free market fundamentalists . It 's just that the state DOTs seemed to get everything on their wish list .
Horsley said AASHTO had been laying the groundwork for many , many months before conference started , working with Republican House Transportation Committee staffers as well as aides of both parties in the Senate . ( He did n't mention working with House Democrats , who were shut out of the process from day one . )
The House is where the magic happened for AASHTO . “ We 've been very pleased with where the Senate bill started , ” Horsley said . “ And we were even more pleased when the House and the Senate in conference agreed to incorporate a lot of the House provisions that were even better for states . ”
What were those House provisions ? Horsley went through the list :
More money straight to state DOTs . With the elimination of earmarks , federal formulas flow directly to states . That 's what the state DOTs like best : a big blank check . Under the old bill , 83 percent of federal transportation dollars were allocated to states based on formulas . AASHTO was pushing for 90 percent this time around . They got it up to 92.6 percent . “ This weakens the link between money and policy , ” said Burwell . Federal discretionary programs would have cut into that amount by giving out money based on performance , innovation , and adherence to national goals .
With the elimination of earmarks , federal formulas flow directly to states . That 's what the state DOTs like best : a big blank check . Under the old bill , 83 percent of federal transportation dollars were allocated to states based on formulas . AASHTO was pushing for 90 percent this time around . They got it up to 92.6 percent . “ This weakens the link between money and policy , ” said Burwell . Federal discretionary programs would have cut into that amount by giving out money based on performance , innovation , and adherence to national goals . Consolidating programs . Government watchdogs like this because it reduces the size of the federal bureaucracy . State transportation officials like it because it gives them more flexibility . Each program used to mean money with strings attached . By consolidating programs , it 's a bigger pot of money with a lot of potential uses – but not so many required uses . For example , Safe Routes to School and the Recreational Trails Program used to have their own funds dedicated to those uses . Now those projects have to compete with dozens of other things for Transportation Alternatives program money .
Government watchdogs like this because it reduces the size of the federal bureaucracy . State transportation officials like it because it gives them more flexibility . Each program used to mean money with strings attached . By consolidating programs , it 's a bigger pot of money with a lot of potential uses – but not so many required uses . For example , Safe Routes to School and the Recreational Trails Program used to have their own funds dedicated to those uses . Now those projects have to compete with dozens of other things for Transportation Alternatives program money . Accelerating project delivery . Proponents call it “ streamlining. ” Detractors call it “ steamrolling. ” Project completion times can shrink under the new bill because environmental safeguards and community involvement are pushed aside . This was another key state demand .
Proponents call it “ streamlining. ” Detractors call it “ steamrolling. ” Project completion times can shrink under the new bill because environmental safeguards and community involvement are pushed aside . This was another key state demand . Performance measurements and accountability . Horsley said AASHTO has been working toward this goal for three years . There will be ten new performance measures — some related to safety and infrastructure upkeep , but none about economic performance or reducing greenhouse gas emissions . When asked if any of them would be onerous for states , Horsley said no – they 'll work “ hand in glove ” with the federal agencies to figure out what to measure and how to measure it .
Horsley said AASHTO has been working toward this goal for three years . There will be ten new performance measures — some related to safety and infrastructure upkeep , but none about economic performance or reducing greenhouse gas emissions . When asked if any of them would be onerous for states , Horsley said no – they 'll work “ hand in glove ” with the federal agencies to figure out what to measure and how to measure it . Financing flexibility . Horsley 's a big fan of the changes to TIFIA – the many-fold expansion , the increased federal match , and – though they did n't specifically say this – the disposal of any and all criteria aside from just the ability to pay back loans . He 's also pleased that states will have more flexibility to toll new highway lanes , even though they have n't yet been able to convince the feds to let them toll existing roads .
Horsley 's a big fan of the changes to TIFIA – the many-fold expansion , the increased federal match , and – though they did n't specifically say this – the disposal of any and all criteria aside from just the ability to pay back loans . He 's also pleased that states will have more flexibility to toll new highway lanes , even though they have n't yet been able to convince the feds to let them toll existing roads . Bill length . Nobody wanted a short , 15-month bill , but that 's what seemed to be in the cards – until someone pulled an extra year out of a hat . ( I have to admit I 'm still not clear on exactly how that happened . If you know , you could enlighten me in the comments , or I 'll track down the answer for a future post . )
The shift from Transportation Enhancements to Transportation Alternatives — and all the changes made to the program — was n't AASHTO 's idea , Horsley said , but they 'll go along with it . They said AASHTO 's “ official position was to support the enhancement program ” and they never suggested changing it . “ We were happy to have managed the entire program for the last 20 years , ” they said . “ Now that Congress has directed us to deliver 50 percent of the program through MPOs , cities , counties , local governments – that 's fine ; we can work that out. ” If they thought states should have been left in charge of the entire amount for Transportation Alternatives , they did n't say so .
But Horsley did say states have a “ pretty impressive ” legacy of investing $ 6.2 billion in bike and pedestrian paths over the last ten years . ( States also rescinded back to the federal government $ 580 million in funding for these projects in 2010 alone [ PDF ] . )
Horsley indicated he 's as confused as anybody as to why Transportation Enhancements got portrayed as a frivolous “ beautification ” program in this debate . “ Congressional leaders like Nick Rahall from West Virginia – they have found the enhancement program to be extremely popular with the communities and the citizens that they represent , ” Horsley said . “ His staff has told me that when you have the dedication of a bike trail , you 'll have 200 to 2,000 people come out for the dedication . And if you have a major highway improvement , maybe 50 people come out . ”
They 're not so popular in all states , Horsley said – especially with the backlog of basic maintenance in so many places .
Supporters of safe streets and sustainable transportation will have their work cut out for them in those states that value highway spending to the exclusion of bike and pedestrian projects . But as Burwell wrote on Streetsblog shortly after the bill passed , the state of local grassroots advocacy today is strong .
As for federal policy , advocates have only a short while to learn from the state DOTs ' lobbying successes and turn the tables in the next round of legislating , just two years away .
KT Tunstall : Petting Tigers
I have to admit that I am a casual KT Tunstall fan , but when I heard they were performing an acoustic set this past Tuesday in NYC to debut material from their forthcoming album Tiger Suit , I made sure that I was there . The talented folk-rocker stands out from the VH1 singer-songwriter set where they have received substantial media exposure . She 's got funk and spunk , and during their performance they charmed the audience with their fearless stage presence , cheeky jokes about celebs like Snoop Dogg and Lady Gaga and cursing over the fact that the electronic gear they brought with them to generate live loops and samples
had some technical difficulties .
After having played some warmup gigs at pubs in Scotland , Tunstall performed their first official show of the new album cycle at the Hiro Ballroom in Manhattan . While they said they planned to return with a band , this particular concert featured them on acoustic guitar ( occasionally with programmed beats or self-generated percussion samples from vocal sounds or hitting their guitar ) , keyboards on one tune and even plugged-in with their Gretsch on a couple of tunes . The vocalist/guitarist also sampled their own voice so they could sing along with herself . While Tunstall occasionally struggled with the technology ( “ the pedalboard is too far from my foot ! ” ) , their self-deprecating sense of humor won over the crowd , who loved them even more for the flubs , which actually imbued their performance with an edgy vibe .
Tunstall 's approximately 65-minute performance included past and present material that worked well in the intimate setting . Of the newer songs , standouts included the contemplative “ Still A Weirdo , ” which addressed their artistic evolution by looking at where she 's come from , while the pulsating dance vibe of “ Push That Knot Away ” ( video clip below ) found them staring down adversity and crossing over into new territory ; they called it their attempt at writing something that sounds like Eddie Cochran meets Leftfield . The upbeat “ Fade Like A Shadow ” also sounded strong and vibrant ( video clip below ) . In explaining the album title Tiger Suit , Tunstall divulged that they used to have dreams of peacefully petting a tiger , then coming inside and realizing they could have been mauled . Them rationale for their perpetual survival ? They must have been wearing a tiger suit , which fooled the animal and is why it did n't eat them
Included in their older material were well-known gems like “ Hold On , ” “ Black Horse and the Cherry Tree ” ( with some nice , live sampled sounds ) and a rockin ' electric rendition of “ Suddenly I See ” . And they closed the set with something they have never played before : a cover of LCD Sound System 's “ New York , I Love You But You 're Bringing Me Down ” . This brisk set was certainly a nice way to whet fans ' appetite for their upcoming tour and made me want to delve deeper into their work .
For those readers who might be surprised to find Tunstall covered here amid my metal , goth and horror ravings , I offer these interesting facts ( beyond my eclectic tastes ) : They rocked a studded bracelet on their left wrist , performed beneath the ballroom 's carved Chinese dragon head with glowing red eyes and admitted that as a child they had fangs and needed to have them chiseled down after hurting a fellow student . KT Tunstall : Folk rocker , comedian , vampire . Awesome .
Related Posts :
General Motors unwrapped the drop-top version of the newest Chevy Camaro Wednesday , showing off a roof that can go down while the car is in motion . That 's a big improvement over today 's convertible version , which is overly complicated and can only function when the car is stopped .
The carmaker teased the convertible earlier this week , showing a 15-second video of the car driving down some desert roads , promising “ There 's only one button between you and the sky. ” Chevy says it will be the only convertible available that is capable of opening and closing its roof at speeds up to 30 mph . You can also open the top remotely with your key fob .
Leaked images of the convertible showed up on Chevy 's site Tuesday , according to fan site Camaro6.com , which posted the photos on its home page .
The new convertible Camaro will be available in early 2016 , weighing some 200 lbs . less than the previous version . As with the hardtop , fans will have a choice of three engines — a four-cylinder turbo , V-6 and 455-hp V-8 , each available with either an eight-speed automatic or six-speed manual transmission .
“ From the beginning , the Camaro 's architecture was developed to incorporate a convertible with uncompromised driving dynamics , ” said Al Oppenheiser , Camaro chief engineer . “ Customers will appreciate what they do n't feel : quivers , cowl shake or an under-damped chassis typically found in a four-seat convertible . ”
In 1967 – Camaro 's first model year – the available convertible model came with a manually operated top . A power-operated top was a $ 52.70 option selected by 47 percent of buyers .
The Camaro left the market in 2002 , and came back in 2009 . Since its rebirth , the muscle car has annually outsold the Ford Mustang and attracted scads of buyers who had never been GM customers before .
This is a summary of some of the topics discussed in the “ Ace Pathologization ” session at the 2017 SF Asexuality Unconference .
In this session , we talked about how asexuality is pathologized in some medical or psychological circles . In the DSM-5 ( the latest version of the handbook for diagnosing mental disorders ) , there are a pair of similar disorders : Male Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder and Female Sexual Interest / Arousal Disorder . The diagnostic criteria for these “ disorders ” are things like “ Absent interest in sexual activity ” , “ No initiation of sexual activity , and typically unreceptive to partner 's attempts to initiate ” , and “ Persistently or recurrently deficient ( or absent ) sexual/erotic thoughts or fantasies and desire for sexual activity. ” Or , as an asexual might call it , “ Just another Tuesday. ” Now , the DSM-5 has made a few improvements over the DSM-IV . It removed “ Interpersonal distress ” as one of the criteria , which means that you ca n't be diagnosed if you 're fine with it , but it bothers your partner . More importantly , the DSM-5 introduced explicit exclusions for asexuality , stating plainly that if someone self-identifies as asexual , they should not be diagnosed with either “ disorder ” .
Now , hey , that 's great , asexuality is recognized and all , but there are several problems here . First , is use of phrase “ self-identifies ” . In order to qualify for the asexuality exclusion , you have to say something like “ I am asexual , so I do n't have MHSDD ” . But if you 've never heard of asexuality , well then , you ca n't say you 're asexual , so congratulations , you 've got MHSDD ! ( And now that you have MHSDD or FSIAD , here 's some potentially dangerous pills for you . Here 's some ineffective therapy tips that will only make you feel more broken . )
Second , the asexuality exclusions in the DSM-5 are buried in the notes about these “ disorders ” , where it 's easy to overlook them , and only in the full version . The desk reference for the DSM-5 omits these notes and any mention of asexuality entirely .
Going back to the remark on “ potentially dangerous pills ” , we talked about Addyi/Flibanserin . Addyi is terrible on several fronts . First , it does n't really work . Clinical trials showed barely any difference over a placebo , and what little difference there is comes with side effects like “ sudden loss of consciousness ” and a restriction on drinking alcohol ( and grapefruit juice ! ) while taking it . Second , the approval process was questionable . It had failed FDA approval several times before ( because it did n't work and was dangerous ) . It was originally meant to be an anti-depressant , but it did n't work as one , so they decided to change what it 's meant to treat and try again . Part of the clinical trials for a pill designed for women were only tested on men . Because the pill was a medical failure that could n't be approved on the basis of safety and effectiveness , the company who owned the rights decided to push a “ gender equality ” angle instead , saying that it 's unfair that men have Viagra and Cialis and Levitra and women have nothing . ( Disregarding the fact that they are entirely different types of pills . Addyi is n't a mechanical drug designed to aid physical arousal , it 's literally meant to be a mind-changer , something that 'll make you mentally more interested in having sex . Men do n't have a pill that does that , either . ) And third , the corporate shenanigans going on with the companies involved with this pill are a staggeringly clear example of what people are complaining about when they talk about greedy pharmaceutical companies . I do n't spend my days decrying Big Pharma as the devil , but hoo-boy do these people have some slimy things going on .
There is an ever-present fear that the makers of Addyi will eventually start to make a marketing push for the pill ( they have n't yet because congressional investigations , federal subpoenas , and the SEC poking its nose in your business tends to make you nervous about introducing a pill that can cause a “ sudden loss of consciousness ” ) . When they do , it will undoubtedly lead to thousands of asexual women ( especially ones who do n't know they 're asexual , but certainly not limited to them ) being pressured into taking this dangerous pill that does n't work . Well-meaning people will throw “ They have a pill for that now ” at anyone who says they 're asexual , and doctors will push this medication on their patients , because the ballpoint pen they just got says it 's wonderful . The existing marketing materials for Addyi push it as a treatment for Female HSDD , which is n't even recognized by the DSM-5 anymore . They make no mention of asexuality , because asexuals are n't going to be profitable .
A lot of things have been written about Addyi/flibanserin , so I 'll leave a few of them here and move on .
The Ace Flibanserin Task Force
For Asexual Community , Flibanserin Is A Bitter Pill To Swallow
Flibanserin : The Female Viagra is a Failed Me-Too Antidepressant
I 'm a Feminist . Here 's Why I Do n't Support The “ Female Viagra ”
The prevalence of asexuality was discussed . We went over the 1 % statistic , the wider 1-6 % estimate , and talked about some of the problems with accurately determining the true number of asexual people . This post provides a decent overview of the numbers and what 's wrong with them , and potentially what can be done about it .
We talked about good and bad experiences with therapists , but as those conversations were of a personal nature , I will not repeat them here . Suffice it to say , there are some therapists who are good and some who should have their licenses revoked .
We talked about finding an effective therapist . One of the tips was to look for a solid LGBTQIA+ friendly therapist . Ask around for references . If you do n't have any friends you can ask , your local LGBTQ Center/QRC might be able to help point you in the right direction . However , that 's not a sure-fire solution . Some people mentioned that they have encountered queer therapists who are not ace-friendly . Another tip was to provide your caregiver with research or informational materials on asexuality , if they are skeptical . RFAS has some good resources , some of which are designed for healthcare practitioners .
At the same time , it was clear that it should n't be the patient 's responsibility to make sure their doctor knows how to work with an asexual patient . We talked about more proactive outreach , where asexual people talk to doctors and therapists and others about asexuality and working with asexuals . Maybe that 's going to a conference and running a session on asexuality , or maybe that 's talking to a local clinic about doing a lunchtime brownbag session for their doctors . Is anyone out there working on something like this ?
Many LDS Church members are unaware that a secret LDS temple ordinance called the “ Second Anointing ” is regularly being administered by LDS Church apostles to elite friends , family , and leaders ( mostly stake presidents , temple presidents , mission presidents , and LDS general authorities , along with their wives ) . In this ordinance ( according to reports ) an apostle washes the feet of the couple in the temple , anoints them on the head with oil such that their “ calling and election is made sure ” ( guaranteeing them a place in the Celestial Kingdom ) , and then invites the couple to retreat to a room in the temple , wherein the wife washes their husband 's feet , and then lays their hands on their head to give them a special priesthood blessing .
Over the past few years , we have received reports of several LDS Church members ( specifically in Europe ) who have lost their LDS faith AFTER receiving their Second Anointing .
In June of 2012 I interviewed Tom Phillips , former LDS church stake president in London , England U.K . In this interview they discuss the following :
Their early experiences as a bishop and stake president in the LDS church , along with their friendship with LDS apostle Jeffrey R. Holland .
Their experience receiving a secret/sacred LDS church ordinance called the “ Second Anointing , ” wherein they were anointed by the hands of Elder M. Russel Ballard , and assured exaltation in there hereafter .
Their subsequent loss of faith over historical and scientific issues with the church .
Their direct correspondence with then friend , LDS apostle Jeffrey R. Holland , over these troubling issues .
The pain , suffering , and ultimate divorce that they and their family experienced as a result of their faith crisis .
Additional details about Tom 's story can be found here .
At the time I conducted this interview I was in deep discussions with my stake president , Mark Jensen , over my status with the church , and my ability to baptize my son . Out of fear of church discipline , and as a sign of good will to President Jensen , I decided to not release this episode via Mormon Stories podcast , and instead granted permission to Tom to do with it as they saw fit .
Over the subsequent months and years I have come to regret this decision made largely out of fear , and want to publicly apologize to Tom for it . I now feel it is appropriate to release this interview , not because I seek to show disrespect for the LDS church or its temple ordinances , but because Tom 's story is a very poignant example of the pain and suffering that can come about as many LDS members continue to experience legitimate struggles with the LDS church 's truth claims .
Since this interview openly discusses secret/sacred LDS temple ordinances , listener discretion is strongly advised .
A full transcript of this interview can be found here .
“ Do we have the votes for healthcare ? I think we do . This is going be a great week , ” White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn says . | Getty Cohn : 'We 're convinced we 've got the votes ' on Obamacare repeal bill
White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said Monday that they and other members of President Donald Trump 's administration are “ convinced we 've got the votes ” in Congress to pass legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare this week .
A bill undoing former President Barack Obama 's signature health care legislation would be a major victory for Trump , made sweeter perhaps because a previous attempt failed to pass even the Republican-controlled House last March . Such legislation would be a campaign promise kept by Trump just outside of their benchmark 100th day in office .
Story Continued Below
“ Do we have the votes for health care ? I think we do . This is going be a great week , ” Cohn said on “ CBS This Morning , ” which was broadcast live on Monday from the White House 's East Room . “ We 're going to get health care down to the floor of the House . We 're convinced we 've got the votes , and we 're going to keep moving on with our agenda . ”
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus , in a separate CBS interview minutes after Cohn , was similarly optimistic although they stopped short of the certainty expressed by Trump 's economic adviser . Asked whether they expect a health care bill in Congress this week , Priebus said , `` I certainly hope so . I think so . You know , I 'm an optimistic person . ''
Priebus also said that passing a repeal-and-replace package this week would hand Trump `` one of the fastest pieces of signature legislation to go through for a president since '' Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's ambitious depression-fighting agenda in the 1930s . The White House chief of staff said Obama is too often praised for signing an economic stimulus package in their administration 's opening weeks when in reality , that bill had been `` pre-baked '' before Obama was even elected .
After tabling repeal-and-replace legislation after its embarrassing defeat earlier this spring , the White House pushed furiously last week to pressure congressional Republicans to bring up the bill again and hold a vote before Trump 's 100th day in office . With an agenda already packed by negotiations on a must-pass funding bill to keep the government open , Congress did not accede to the White House request , but addressing health care remains a top priority on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue .
Cohn also talked up the president 's proposal to reform the nation 's tax code , the broad strokes of which were released in a one-page document last week even though the White House has said the plan 's details will be hammered out in negotiations with Congress . Cohn told the CBS panel of anchors that the White House believes the bill could prove to be revenue neutral despite reductions in tax rates because it would also remove a significant number of deductions .
“ As you said , we just rolled out our tax plan last week . We 're very excited about our tax plan as well , ” they said . “ So we 're going to continue to drive President Trump 's agenda forward . ”
[ Warning : This story contains spoilers from episode eight of HBO 's Westworld . ]
A bald man with killer instincts , a sharp gaze and an even sharper knife searches a mysterious world for answers to life 's greatest questions : purpose , existence — and above all else , destiny .
Does that description apply to the Man in Black of Westworld or John Locke of Lost ? You be the judge . In either case , director Stephen Williams certainly knows a thing or two about both characters .
Williams , who directed several episodes of the erstwhile island drama , was the man behind the lens on Sunday 's episode of Westworld , called `` Trace Decay , '' featuring a more vulnerable side of Ed Harris ' brooding gunslinger . As the Man inches closer to the maze they seek , other characters on the board further unravel in their own right : Bernard ( Jeffrey Wright ) , shell-shocked in the wake of discovering he 's a host ; Maeve ( Thandie Newton ) , now capable of rewriting other hosts ' programming with nothing more than voice commands ; and Dolores ( Evan Rachel Wood ) , no longer sure where or when they are .
Speaking with The Hollywood Reporter , Williams opens up about all of those storylines and more , including comparisons between Westworld and Lost , and a side of Anthony Hopkins the world desperately needs to see .
As an extremely detail-oriented show and world built on an elaborate mystery , Westworld has earned more than a few comparisons to Lost . As someone who worked on both shows , do you see the comparison , and did you feel it at all as you worked on episode eight ?
That 's an interesting observation . Really , there are similarities . Just in terms of the overall construction of a huge , epic narrative that has , in many ways , a series of Russian nesting egg mysteries at its core that need to be peeled back by an ever attentive audience and viewership . There are similarities in that regard for sure . They 're both complex , epic narratives .
Last week 's episode ended with the bombshell reveal that Bernard is really a host . This is the first full episode where we know the truth . What were your conversations like with Jeffrey about how best to show this new side of Bernard ?
The first thing to say about Jeffrey Wright is that they are a legend among actors . He 's literally capable of doing anything . There is a subtlety and intelligence to everything they do and everything they bring to the screen , and their essaying of a role . We talked first and foremost about the fact that killing Theresa is horrifying to him . It 's a betrayal of everything they are . They genuinely had real feelings for them The sadness and horror of their manipulation makes that feel even more real . Our discussions were in general terms about how to portray that . But Jeffrey shows up with an incredible actor 's toolbox . They need very little in the way of direction .
Ford remarks that the only thing more sublime than a host 's array of emotions is the ability to silence those emotions in an instant . It 's certainly sublime within the world of the show , as much as it is in the context of Westworld as a show and as an acting challenge — Evan Rachel Wood refers to these scenes where hosts lose and gain emotional affect on a loop as `` the acting Olympics . '' What were your observations of these performances , from your side of the camera ?
Both Jeffrey and Evan are actors that have amazing access to a deep and seemingly endless emotional reservoir . At the same time , they are incredible technical actors . They can turn on a dime . It 's really quite astonishing and mesmerizing to watch . What 's really cool in that moment in this episode is you 're reminded at the same time about the immense power Ford commands as the creator of this place . There 's an extraordinary power there . With Tony there , you just do n't ever quite know where you stand with him , because of that power and them wielding that power . In many ways , it 's a symbiotic actor moment .
Bernard asks Ford if he 's ever hurt anyone other than Theresa . Ford says no , and as they do , Bernard experiences a vision in which he 's choking Elsie . Some are taking that as confirmation that Bernard killed Elsie ( Shannon Woodward ) . Is that the right read ?
Very nicely done . ( Laughs ) Let me refer you to your earlier question about Lost . There 's a form of storytelling that I happen to be somewhat partial to , which embraces the thrill of ambiguity . So I will only say this : I will answer your question with this question . Are we in fact sure that that was Elsie ?
Elsewhere in the episode , The Man in Black and Teddy ( James Marsden ) encounter one of Wyatt 's minions , someone who looks like Westworld 's answer to The Mountain from Game of Thrones . Can you confirm that this is not indeed The Mountain ?
That 's hilarious . ( Laughs ) I can neither confirm nor deny .
What did you want to accomplish with the staging of this fight between the Man in Black , Teddy and this mountain man ?
The overarching idea is that the Man in Black is on this quest for the maze . The further out from the epicenter of the park they go , the greater the ante is upped in terms of the dangers they face . They can be seriously affected , hurt and impacted by the park . In a way , that huge mountain man as you call them is a reflection of the increasing jeopardy that the Man in Black faces as they continue their quest for the maze , using Teddy as their guide to Wyatt , which they think will be a key that unlocks their path toward the maze .
We see several of Wyatt 's minions at the end of the episode , shrouded in darkness but clearly covered in fur and animal parts . Can you shed any light on Wyatt 's followers in terms of character design ?
Our costume designer Ane Crabtree is brilliant . They do a huge amount of research into the costumes that everybody wears on the show . They take great pains and care in having them constructed , the materials that are used . In this particular case , it speaks to the outlier nature of this group of marauders . It 's all meant to create a scary and terrifying and feral no-holds-barred , no-rules kind of environment that our heroes confront .
The Man in Black opens up about their dark past and reasons for playing Arnold 's game in what 's easily the most revealing scene about the character so far . It 's a heavy story they tell , about killing Maeve and their daughter , but they say that they felt `` nothing '' after the act — and there 's an absence of emotion , a weariness or resignation , in how they tell the tale . Was that an active part of your conversations with Ed Harris about how best to relate this story about an atrocious act that made them feel nothing ?
I do n't think that 's actually true . I think they do feel something . I think it resonates and lands with them in a way that only confirms for them their need to continue on this quest . Like so many of the characters on Westworld , he 's on a journey of their own self-discovery . While he 's outside the confines of this park a titan of industry , and as we got a clue in an earlier episode he 's a philanthropist on the outside , he 's nonetheless aware that there 's a darkness in them that they do n't quite understand , that they grapple with , and is desperate and needful of unraveling and deciphering and figuring out . They tell that story because it really held a mirror up to himself . The experience they had with their wife and their daughter outside the park really held the mirror up to themselves about this dark mystery at their core . He 's trying to figure out what that all means .
Throughout the episode , Maeve experiences old memories of their life on the homestead with their daughter , before it was ruined by the Man in Black . These are incredibly emotional scenes , a stark contrast to the modern Maeve , mostly in control of their emotional affect . What are your memories of how Thandie played these scenes ?
You mentioned earlier this analogy between athletes and actors . There 's an analogy to be had . If in fact being a thespian is analogous to being a creative athlete , then Thandie Newton is an Olympian , straight up . They play a full spectrum of emotions . They are so in touch with their interior landscape . As a character , Maeve is looking outward and trying to figure out and understand the larger context of this world . She 's trying to find meaning in their own story and free themselves and come into a knowledge and awareness of herself . Them journey takes them from strength to vulnerability and back again . Thandie is just an amazing actor .
Maeve also gains the power to `` write their own story , '' changing hosts ' programming at will , with little more than voice commands . There 's a theatricality to it , as Maeve waltzes through Hector 's heist and rewrites the hosts . It 's dark in many respects , but it 's also one of the lighter scenes of the episode .
Right . That whole sequence was tricky to achieve , tonally . We shot it in long takes , particularly once Hector and their gang arrive . But the idea was that Thandie has obviously talked Felix ( Leonardo Nam ) and Sylvester ( Ptolemy Slocum ) into updating their core code , which allows them to do two things : one , actually hurt , harm or potentially even kill humans ; and secondly , actually impact the behavior of other hosts in a way that beforehand we really largely only saw Ford was able to do . As they try out this new skill set , this new ability , as they practice it in the real world — and I use that term advisedly — we get to see them shape the narrative that we 've seen in previous episodes play out in a particular way . Them growing awareness that they can have that impact is one that obviously pleases her , because it speaks to their ability to assemble the team she 's going to need in order to ultimately secure their own freedom . You see them go through that cycle of being tentative at first , trying it out , then growing in confidence and satisfaction as they confirm for themselves that they can now actually effect these narratives and rewrite stories in the way we see them do in this episode .
Returning to Lost , you directed `` Lockdown , '' which fans will always remember as the episode with the elaborate blast door map . I ca n't tell you how many hours I invested in analyzing that thing . Even if it 's not a visual , is there something in this episode you feel is worth poring over in as much detail as the blast door map — a scene , a performance , an image , something else ?
How about everything ? ( Laughs ) That episode , `` Lockdown , '' the equations that appear on the blast door in the hatch were in fact co-created by Zack Grobler , our production designer on Lost . He 's also our production designer on Westworld [ alongside Nathan Crowley , production designer for the pilot ] . They and their wife cooked up that series of equations . So that 's a good place for fans to start : Hit Zack Grobler 's e-mail up relentlessly , and hopefully it 'll shake something loose from the trees . ( Laughs ) I also want to mention Jeffrey Wright . He 's an actor I have admired for ages . Just before I went off to be a producing director on Lost , Jeffrey generously agreed to appear in an indie movie that I was on the verge of doing , which ultimately we did n't make because of a scheduling conflict with Lost . But I had wanted to work with Jeffrey since 2004 , so this was an amazing connection of the circle . And then there 's my main man , Tony Hopkins . I have to say , we have become very close . Tony will confirm that they learned how to fist-bump and dance to Drake 's `` Hotline Bling '' by hanging out with me . It 's an honor and a privilege to not only work with this material that [ showrunners Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy ] have constructed so elaborately and so painstakingly and so thoughtfully and so carefully , but to have a chance to make all of their hard work manifest with this amazing cast and crew has been an insane opportunity .
Does an Anthony Hopkins `` Hotline Bling '' video exist somewhere on the planet ? How do we see this ?
( Laughs ) Maybe on the DVD extras of season one .
Follow THR 's Westworld coverage for more interviews , news and recaps .
Interested in Apple 's iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus which are on sale now ? Or maybe you 're saving up for the heavily redesigned iPhone X ? Well , new information has revealed further concerns which may change your mind about all three ...
Hot on the heels of ‘ ChargerGate ' are a trio of eye-opening revelations :
1 . Battery Size
Last week at the launch Apple waxed lyrical about the class-leading efficiency of its new A11 Bionic chipset which is at the heart of the iPhone 8 , iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X . A standout figure was that the A11 is 70 % more efficient while idle than the A10 in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus .
But go to Apple 's own comparison page and the company simply lists these new , more efficient iPhones as having identical battery life to their more inefficient predecessors . Why ? Because it has just been confirmed Apple used the A11 Bionic 's efficiency as an opportunity to fit both the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus with smaller batteries .
The big shock is the iPhone 8 Plus which is fitted with a 2,675 mAh battery - the smallest capacity ever seen in the Plus range and over 8 % smaller than the battery in the iPhone 7 Plus . Meanwhile , the iPhone 8 has a 1,821 mAh battery which is over 7 % smaller than the iPhone 7 . The iPhone X battery capacity is currently unknown .
Was n't removing the headphone jack meant to result in larger batteries ? The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - which both featured a headphone jack - had battery capacities of 1810 mAh and 2900 mAh respectively . Meanwhile , the Galaxy S8 has a 5.8-inch display in a chassis substantially smaller than the iPhone 8 Plus , fits a headphone jack , IP68 water resistance , fast wired and fast wireless charging and has a 3000 mAh battery…
2 . Brightness
While we await the battery capacity of the iPhone X ( which has stamina closer to the iPhone 8 than iPhone 8 Plus ) , Apple 's new flagship has problems of its own regarding its headline feature : the display .
While the world applauded Apple 's jump not only to 5.8-inches , but also for the long-awaited shift to OLED what was missed is a key detail about the display itself . The brightness is far from class leading .
Look carefully on the iPhone X 's official spec page and you will notice right at the bottom of the screen specifications is the brightness listed as “ 625 cd/m2 max brightness ( typical ) ” . Not only is this nits rating no better than the LCD-based iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus , but it is demolished by pretty Apple 's biggest rival .
Displays of the five-month-old Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus deliver 1,000 nits while the Galaxy Note 8 almost doubles the iPhone X with 1,200 nits . And who made the iPhone X display ? Samsung .
Of course , brightness is not the only measure of a display , but it is crucial for outdoor readability ( HMD 's first Nokia-branded flagship the ‘ Nokia 8 ' manages 700 nits ) so the iPhone X 's rating is something of a surprise - especially given who made it .
3 . Goodbye 600MHz Extended LTE
Apple 's official iPhone 8 , iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X specs pages also turn up a third problem . Dig through the supported frequencies and you will see all three iPhones lack support for T-Mobile 's brand new multi-billion dollar 600MHz ‘ Extended LTE ' network on Band 71 .
T-Mobile promotes 600MHz Extended LTE as providing superior coverage indoors and in rural areas . It also states support for LG and Samsung phones has already been agreed for the end of 2017 .
Mitigating this slightly is it will take time for 600MHz Extended LTE to rollout ( though it began in August ) so you may not be able to get it immediately anyway . But with Apple 's iPhone price increases meaning users are likely to keep these new models for several years , this is n't exactly the level of future proofing you 'd expect for such an outlay . It 's also something Apple is likely to address with its 2018 iPhones .
If you live in a rural area with bad signal or find yourself in a black spot in a city center , then it might be better to hold off .
Needless to say , those intent on upgrading to the iPhone 8 , iPhone 8 Plus or iPhone X will still likely do so despite these issues . But if you do hang fire then Apple iOS 11 has just launched and its jammed full of great secret features to keep you entertained while you wait .
___
Follow Gordon on Twitter , Facebook and Google+
More On Forbes
Apple iOS 11 Has 25 Great Secret Features
Apple iOS 11 : Should You Upgrade ?
iPhone X Vs iPhone 8 : What 's The Difference ?
iPhone 8 Vs iPhone 8 Plus : What 's The Difference ?
iPhone 8 Vs iPhone 7 : What 's The Difference ?
British billionaire and philanthropist Richard Branson is a known rebel in their field , having grown their Virgin Group business empire in oftentimes unconventional ways .
But even Branson , who was back in Manila Wednesday after two decades to speak with the country 's entrepreneurs and business elite , draws the line when human rights are involved , especially when it comes to the death penalty .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The death penalty is not a deterrent , ” Branson told the crowd of about 800 who attended the ABS-CBN News Channel 's first “ Asian Innovation and Entrepreneurship Forum ” held at the Sofitel Manila .
Most of the crowd paid anywhere between P20,000 to P35,000 each to hear the flamboyant visionary share their thoughts on business and success . Their latest project involves making space travel affordable to all .
Branson said implementing the death penalty in jurisdictions where convictions are less than certain can not be tolerated . They said even the United States , which has a “ relatively good judicial system ” , got it wrong years ago when DNA-based evidence was not yet allowed .
“ In countries where you ca n't 100 percent trust the courts , the last thing you should have is the death penalty , and it 's not a deterrent anyway , ” Branson said .
“ I do n't think society can risk executing innocent people and I hope this new government will think twice about that , ” they added , referring to the incoming administration of presumptive president elect Rodrigo Duterte .
Duterte , who won by a landslide in the May 9 , 2016 polls on a platform coming out tough against crime and corruption , said they would restore the death penalty for heinous crimes .
READ : Duterte to use death penalty , militias in war vs drugs , major crimes / De Lima vows to fight return of death penalty
These crimes include rape as well as kidnapping resulting in the death of the victim , reports showed . They further threatened that those convicted can be executed by hanging . Duterte 's pronouncements drew opposition from the Catholic Church , the Commission on Human Rights and even some lawmakers .
ADVERTISEMENT
Instead of executing criminals , Branson said they should be locked up “ for life without any chance of coming out on the street again . ”
The topic on the death penalty came up during the business forum as Branson noted the global war on drugs has “ been a complete failure ” .
They said jurisdictions would have less of a chance resolving the drug problem if approached in a “ repressive ” way rather than an approach seeking to reform addicts .
Branson 's Virgin Group had come out strong against the death penalty in the past . It condemned Indonesia 's execution of eight individuals of drug-related crimes last year . Only Filipino Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso was granted a last-minute reprieve .
READ : Mary Jane Veloso gets new ‘ reprieve ' from execution
Despite calls against it , executions have been on the rise globally , Amnesty International said in its latest report .
In 2015 , the non-government human-rights organization said those executed— mainly by hanging , shooting , lethal injection and beheading—hit 1,634 people , the highest it recorded since 1989 . TVJ
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Dear friends , this is an important message . One year ago and two years ago , you , some of the followers of this page , contributed to a great cause . Together we , The Atlas of Beauty community , changed the lives of some children that live in desert tent camps around Pushkar , India .
I asked you twice to help Sunita ( the girl from the photo ) and other children from their community who live in tents , and because of your generous donations to a local NGO , they were able to go to school and receive food and medical care . Your support was critical , and it made a big positive difference in their lives . But now they really need your contributions , again . Be assured that this a a cause where every penny is spent in the most effective way for the benefit of these children .
Below is the whole story that I posted when I visited the camps , two years ago . Please spread it and make a donation . It really makes a difference .
http : //www.vikasproject.org/donate
————————————————————
Sunita is one of the beautiful children that live in desert tent camps around Pushkar , India . Many tourists photograph her , because of their spectacular eyes , but a few are interested to help .
They badly damaged their left hand when they were little . Them father died almost a year ago . The tent camp communities have no power or plumbing , and there are a lot of serious health problems .
In the last years Brett , from the US , helped this community , providing medical care and free education , using mostly their own savings . But now their savings are over and they need support to continue this essential work . I met them in Pushkar and I saw with my own eyes how much they support these children , and their desperate need of help . Their stories are heart-breaking . Some of the babies are in danger of starvation and they are in desperate need of help .
Brett operates a school for 30 of these children , with well-qualified teachers and a nurse , and free food and medical care . They helped Sunita with hand surgery 18 months ago , and they are attending the school , coming by bus every 50km round-trip . They are excelling in Hindi , English , and Math , and wants to become a nurse or teacher . They just had their first ever birthday party at school , at age 13 !
Please click the link and find out more . Make a donation and give a chance for a better life , to these beautiful children .
http : //www.vikasproject.org/donate
Believe me , even a small support would mean an enormous step forward for them . Let 's help them together !
Borussia Monchengladbach extended their 100 per cent home record , ending Borussia Dortmund 's season-long unbeaten record with a 2-0 victory at the Borussia Park Stadion .
After weathering an 80-minute storm , the Foals struck with a Max Kruse penalty , after Mats Hummels was sent off , and a Raffael strike earning Lucien Favre 's men an unexpected win .
The hosts had goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen to thank for keeping them in the game up to that point while Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp will be keen to work on their side 's shooting ability after they failed to convert numerous chances .
Gladbach defender Alvaro Dominguez predicted a busy afternoon for them and their defensive colleagues , but even they probably did not expect to be tested so much .
Come the half-time whistle , the statistics showed 17 shots to one in favour of the visitors , although the most important statistic still showed a zero on both sides .
That was largely due to Ter Stegen , who made their six-yard box their own , plucking cross after cross out of the air .
A rare counter-attack from the hosts finally saw them infringe on Dortmund territory and enter into the penalty area , where Hummels fouled Havard Nordtveit , committing a foul which conceded a penalty and also earned them their first ever red card in the Bundesliga .
Kruse stepped up to take the spot-kick , sending the ball low past Roman Weidenfeller , whose first real job of the whole afternoon , with just nine minutes of the game remaining , was to fish the ball out of the net .
Their next involvement was identical as they were beaten by Raffael , who had spent much of the game alone in the Gladbach attack , but was alert to pick up and convert their first chance of the game in the 86th minute .
JACKSON - With longtime members rebelling against changes , the Mississippi House voted down a bill that would have restricted personal use of campaign money .
The unrecorded voice vote on House Bill 797 came Tuesday after several House members complained about proposed restrictions , including ending the ability to take money for personal use to repay undocumented campaign expenses .
The campaign finance changes had been attached to a broader rewrite of state election law , and could return in modified form in the closing days of the Legislature .
The proposal came after The Associated Press and The Clarion-Ledger questioned campaign spending . Some officials took leftover money from accounts when they retired , or spent it on things like cars , clothing and personal travel . Experts say the practice makes campaign contributions perilously close to bribes . Mississippi is one of only five states that still allow elected officials to pocket campaign money for personal use during or after their careers .
Rep. Andy Gipson , R-Braxton , said they felt any change could penalize them personally because they had invested money in their campaigns that they had never recorded as a loan , and thus might not be able to get back .
“ I do n't have enough funds in my campaign account to repay it , ” Gipson said .
Many former lawmakers interviewed by The Associated Press earlier this year said they cashed out their accounts at the ends of their careers to get back campaign money that they had never recorded as a loan to their campaign . An Associated Press review found that of 99 elected officials who have left office in recent years , as many as 25 may have pocketed more than $ 1,000 when they closed their campaign accounts and five took more than $ 50,000 . Former Lt. Gov . Amy Tuck took more than $ 261,000 from 2007 to 2013 .
The use of campaign funds became an issue in last year 's election campaigns after an opponent disclosed that state Auditor Stacey Pickering had bought a car , a camper and a garage door using campaign money .
A series of reports in The Clarion-Ledger drew attention to state officials who were spending on what appeared to be personal purposes , including cowboy boots , dry cleaning , clothing , groceries , golf outings , windshield repair , apartments in Jackson and out-of-state trips .
Officials use their campaign accounts to pay off credit cards without itemizing individual charges . The agreed-on version of the bill would have required credit card expenses be itemized on campaign reports .
Rep. Jeff Smith , R-Columbus , made the motion to return the bill to committee . “ I 'm opposed to all of it , ” Smith said after the voice vote . “ I do n't like it . ”
Records show Smith , chairperson of the powerful tax-writing Ways and Means Committee , has spent more than $ 20,000 in recent years from their campaign account on unitemized payments to banks and credit card companies , an insurance company and a golf club .
House Apportionment and Elections Committee Chairman Bill Denny , R-Jackson , pleaded with members not to torpedo the bill , noting that money raised through Jan. 1 could still be taken for personal use .
The proposal said candidates could n't use campaign funds to pay the mortgages on their primary residences , pay for family funerals or buy clothing , and could only pay for their own travel for political or official purposes . But it would have allowed lawmakers to spend up to $ 50 a day to rent housing in Jackson during the Legislature , even while receiving per diem payments . A lawmaker would n't be allowed to pay a legal fine , but could still pay lawyer costs stemming from a candidacy or official duties .
“ We 've made this as liberal as we possibly can , ” Denny told the House . “ Whatever money you have in your funds are your money and they will remain your dollars . ”
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Read or Share this story : http : //hatne.ws/1SrMpwi
The flexible solar cells are printed directly on thin plastic foil using optimised printing machines . The solar panels are fabricated in large-scale and high-speed using printing machines similar to newspapers or packaging printing machines and do not need multi-million dollar facilities as used in traditional silicon PV technology .
inifintyPV states that the `` HeLi-on '' is the first solar charger using flexible polymer solar cells , also known as organic solar cells or OPVs . This technology is the result of more than fifteen years of research into a novel , flexible and lightweight solar cell . These solar panels have a very low environmental impact with neither toxic nor scarce materials used within the production process .
www.infinityPV.com
About infinityPV
infinityPV ApS is a Danish start-up company founded in 2014 by Frederik C. Krebs ( CEO ) along with 31 co-owners . infinityPV has no external funding partners and is owned equally by every co-owner . This makes infinityPV a company unlike most . It is a light structure that builds on being a movement of passionate individuals with a desire to follow the greatest ideas without any traditional boundaries . The operation is lean and the objective is to create a reliable and honest technology for a better world and for the service of people . The philosophy is to non-pretentiously focus on what matters through equality and to serve the end user well .
The core of infinityPV is printed electronics and in particular printed organic solar cells . infinityPV is based on several patents within the field of organic solar cells and holds a wide range of competencies in this area . We address a broad range of products ranging from solar panels over materials to characterization hardware . This product range springs from the academic roots of infinityPV , but is rapidly evolving . We intend to serve a board range of customers from universities , to businesses , to private individuals . Our general aim is to foster the development of printed organic electronics by introducing honest and innovative products to the market .
With 32 co-owners , where many have more than fifteen years ' experience within the field of PV science and technology , the set-up of infinityPV is unique . The co-owners cover the entire value chain for printed electronics products and provide the company with a broad range of knowledge and knowhow including chemists , material scientists , physicists , engineers , designers , electronics , technicians , printers , analysts , and administrators .
Source : infinityPV
Premise Edit
Production Edit
Episodes Edit
Main article : List of Dexter 's Laboratory episodes Season Segments Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired Pilots N/A 2 February 26 , 1995 ( ) March 10 , 1996 ( 1996-03-10 ) 1 39 13 April 28 , 1996 ( ) January 1 , 1997 ( 1997-01-01 ) 2 108 39 July 16 , 1997 ( ) June 15 , 1998 ( 1998-06-15 ) Ego Trip December 10 , 1999 ( ) 3 36 13 November 18 , 2001 ( ) September 20 , 2002 ( 2002-09-20 ) 4 38 13 November 22 , 2002 ( ) November 20 , 2003 ( 2003-11-20 ) Dexter 's Laboratory broadcast 78 half-hour episodes over 4 seasons during its 7-year run . Two pilot shorts were produced for What a Cartoon ! that aired from 1995 to 1996 , and were reconnected into season one in later airings . Fifty-two episodes were produced from 1996 to 1998 , followed by Ego Trip in 1999 . Another 26 episodes were produced and broadcast from 2001 to 2003 . `` Chicken Scratch '' debuted theatrically with The Powerpuff Girls Movie in 2002 , and was later broadcast in season four . [ 42 ]
Broadcast Edit
Reception Edit
Merchandise Edit
See also Edit
^ Dexter 's Laboratory collaborator Rob Renzetti , whom they first met through their brother , Alex . [ 34 ] Tartakovsky 's roommate at Cal Arts wascollaborator Rob Renzetti , whom they first met through their brother , Alex . ^ Dexter 's Laboratory was about to start its third season ; [ 69 ] the series was actually about to start its second season , [ 70 ] which would mark its third year on television . [ 21 ] Writing in 1997 , McAlister mistakenly claimed thatwas about to start its third season ; the series was actually about to start its second season , which would mark its third year on television .
References Edit
On this night , even a good team would n't have been able to stop Kevin Love , let alone the dismal Sacramento Kings .
Love scored 23 points and grabbed 24 boards as the Kings fell 97-89 to the Timberwolves at Sleep Train Arena on Tuesday night . Love was 8-17 from the field , including two 3-pointers .
“ It was n't about me , ” Love said . “ It was about the team getting a win . ”
The Timberwolves napped a five-game losing streak against the Kings , who despite their best efforts , could not rally back from an eight-point deficit in the fourth quarter and fell to a record of 4-10 on the season .
The game was a tight one in the first half , with Minnesota grabbing the lead late in the first quarter , but the Kings stuck around and trailed 48-45 at the break .
However , the Timberwolves grabbed control of the game in the third quarter , pushing the lead to 13 at one point after two consecutive baskets by Luke Ridnour .
But the Kings would rally in the fourth quarter . Tyreke Evans scored seven points early to put them back in the game , and an Isaiah Thomas And-1 put the Kings within three points of the Timberwolves with 3:36 to play .
Two free throws by DeMarcus Cousins cut the lead to two ( 91-89 ) with 1:20 left , but that was when Minnesota closed things out once and for all . Nikola Pekovic answered with a driving layup , then Cousins ' attempt from five feet out was blocked by Andrei Kirilenko . Kevin Love followed that up with a wild shot that somehow found the bottom of the net , putting the Timberwolves up by six with 27 seconds remaining .
The Kings were not happy with their performance late in the game , with a chance to complete the comback .
“ The way you play in the first three quarters you ca n't play in the fourth , ” said forward-center Chuck Hayes . “ It 's a different ballgame in the fourth , especially if it 's a close game . ”
Head coach Keith Smart echoed their dissapointment .
“ ( Late in games ) it comes down to who makes the fewest mistakes , ” Smart said . “ It 's the two-minute drill . How many mistakes will you make in the two-minute drill ? When you make a lot of mistakes in the two-minute , three-minute drill , you 're not going to be on the side of winning . ”
The Timberwolves had great balance , with all five of their starters scoring double-figures . The Kings were led by Cousins and Evans , who had 2o points each .
Just an art dump for Gaster and Frisk . Practicing how they look and color scheme . Odd pair to practice drawing with tbh , dunno why I did that .
I had this thought of Gaster wearing a long black trench coat similar to how Sherlock ( Benedict Cumberbatch ) wears his . Then I suddenly thought of Sans as Watson . Detective ! tale AU , lol sound like a funny idea . Maybe Papyrus would be Moriarty . ( heh )
[ Minor SPOILER ALERT ! ]
Another thought , when you 're fighting Asriel , your ACT function turns into a SAVE . So , I thought that Frisk ( becoming all serious for the final battle ) opens his/her eyes for the first time . Kinda like how closed-eyed anime characters become serious .
Still kinda undecided whether I should stick with colored lineart rather than plain ol ' black lineart though…
W.D.Gaster and Frisk by Toby Fox
Art by
The Israeli government , its brutal war crimes in Gaza exposed in detail in the U.N. report by Justice Richard Goldstone , has implemented a series of draconian measures to silence and discredit dissidents , leading intellectuals and human rights organizations inside and outside Israel that are accused — often falsely — of assisting Goldstone 's U.N. investigators . The government of Benjamin Netanyahu is attempting to shut down Israel 's premier human rights organizations , including B'Tselem , the New Israel Fund ( NIF ) and the Association for Civil Rights in Israel . It is busy expelling or excluding peace activists and foreign nationals from the Palestinian territories . The campaign , if left unchecked , will be as catastrophic for Palestinians as it will be for Israel .
The Goldstone report , which is over 500 pages , investigated Israel 's 22-day air and ground assault on Gaza that took place from Dec. 27 , 2008 , to Jan. 18 , 2009 . The United Nations and the European Parliament have endorsed the report . The report found that Israel used disproportionate military force against Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip while failing to take adequate precautions to protect the civilian population against the military assault . The Israeli attack killed 1,434 people , including 960 civilians , according to the Palestinian Center for Human Rights . More than 6,000 homes were destroyed or damaged , leaving behind some $ 3 billion in destruction in one of the poorest areas on Earth . No Israelis were killed by Hamas rockets fired into Israel during the assault . The report did not limit itself to the 22-day attack ; rather , it went on to indict the occupation itself . It examines the beginning of the occupation and condemns Israel for the border closures , the blockade and for the wall or security barrier in the West Bank . It has two references to the right of return , investigates Israeli torture and criticizes the willful destruction of the Palestinian economy .
“ The impact of the Goldstone report is tremendous , ” the Middle East scholar Norman Finkelstein said when I reached them in New York . “ It marks and catalyzes the breakup of the Diaspora Jewish support for Israel because Goldstone is the classical Diaspora Jew . They are a lawyer and upholder of human rights and a liberal . They have distinguished themselves in the field of law and they are also a lover of Zion . They call themselves a Zionist . Their mother was an activist in the Zionist movement . Their daughter did aliyah . They sit on the board of governors of the Hebrew University in Jerusalem . They have an honorary degree from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem . They have said over and over again that they are a Zionist . They believe Jews have a right to a state in Palestine . Theirs is a mostly emblematic profile of the classically liberal Jew . ”
“ Liberal has a distinct connotation , ” Finkelstein went on . “ It means to believe in the rule of law . It means to believe in international institutions . It means to believe in human rights . Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch are liberal organizations . What the Goldstone phenomenon registers and catalyzes is the fact that it is impossible to reconcile liberal convictions with Israel 's conduct ; too much is now known about the history of the conflict and the human rights record and the so-called peace process . It is impossible to be both liberal and defend Israeli policy . That was the conflict that confronted Goldstone . I very much doubt they wanted to condemn Israel . ”
“ Israeli liberalism always had a function in Israeli society , ” said Finkelstein , whose new book , “ This Time We Went Too Far , ” examines the Israeli attack a year ago on Gaza . “ When I talk about liberals I mean people like A.B . Yehoshua , David Grossman and Amos Oz . Their function was to issue these anguished criticisms of Israel which not only extenuated Israeli crimes but exalted Israeli crimes . ‘ Is n't it beautiful , the Israeli soul , how it is anguished over what it has done . ' It is the classic case of having your cake and eating it . Not only were any crimes being committed extenuated , but they were beautiful . And now something strange happened . Along comes a Jewish liberal and they say , ‘ Spare me your tears . I am only interested in the law . ' ”
“ Goldstone did not perform the role of the Jewish liberal , ” Finkelstein said , “ which is to be anguished , but no consequences . And all of a sudden Israeli liberal Jews are discovering , hey , there are consequences for committing war crimes . You do n't just get to walk into the sunset and look beautiful . They ca n't believe it . They are genuinely shocked . ‘ Are n't our tears consequences enough ? ' Are n't our long eyes and broken hearts consequences enough ? ' ‘ No , ” they said , ‘ you have to go to the criminal court . ' ”
The campaign against Israeli dissidents has taken the form of venomous denunciations of activists and jurists , including Justice Goldstone . It includes a bill before the Israeli parliament , the Knesset , which will make it possible to imprison the leaders of Israeli human rights groups if they fail to comply with crippling new registration conditions . Human rights activists from outside Israel who work in the Palestinian territories are being rounded up and deported . The government is refusing to issue work visas to employees of 150 NGOs operating in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , including Oxfam , Save the Children and Médecins Sans Frontières ( Doctors Without Borders ) . The new tourist visas effectively bar these employees from Palestinian territory under Israeli occupation . Professor Naomi Chazan , the Israeli head of the NIF , which has donors in the United States , is being publicly vilified by ultranationalist groups such as Im Tirzu . Foreign donors to the NIF , as well as other human rights groups , are being pressured by Israeli officials to halt contributions . Billboards have sprouted up around Tel Aviv and Jerusalem with a grotesque caricature of Chazan , who has been branded by groups such as Im Tirzu as an agent for Hamas and Iran , with a horn growing from their forehead . “ Naomi-Goldstone-Chazan ” the caption on the billboard reads . Im Tirzu , the front organization behind many of the attacks , includes among its financial backers the John Hagee Ministries and the New York Central Fund , which also support extremist settler organizations . The purge is under way because of the belief within the Netanyahu government that these groups and activists provided evidence of Israeli war crimes in Gaza to Justice Goldstone . Israel has no intention of lifting the blockade on Gaza , halting settlement expansion , including the 1,600 new homes to be built in East Jerusalem , or reversing its division of the West Bank into impoverished ghettos of Palestinians . The growing brutality and violence of the occupation , no longer easy to deny or hide , coupled with Israel 's growing status as an international pariah , have unleashed a crackdown against all those within the Jewish state who are blamed for the bad publicity . Yuli Edelstein , the Diaspora affairs minister , summed up the witch hunt when they announced that the Cabinet had been “ concerned for a time with a number of groups under the guise of NGOs that are funded by foreign agents . ”
The Knesset bill , if passed , will force human rights groups to register as political bodies and turn over identification numbers and addresses of all members to the government . These groups will lose their tax-exempt status . Most governmental organizations , such as the European Union , which is a large donor to Israeli human rights organizations , can not legally pay taxes to another government , and the new law will effectively end European Union and other outside funding . The groups will be mandated to provide the government with the records of all foreign donations and account for how these donations were spent . Any public statement , event or speech , even if it lasts half a minute , by these groups must include a declaration that they are being supported and funded by a foreign power . Those who fail to follow these guidelines , including local volunteers , can face a year in jail .
“ This is the first time the human rights dimension of the Israel Palestine conflict has moved center stage , ” Finkelstein said . “ It has temporarily displaced the fatuous peace process . It is the first time that human rights reports have counted . There are literally , because I have read them , tens if not hundreds of thousands of pages of accumulation of human rights reports condemning Israel going back roughly to the first intifada to the present . The human rights organizations since the 1990s have been quite sharp in their criticism of Israel human rights policy , but nobody ever reads the reports . They are never reported on , with maybe a couple of exceptions , in the mainstream media . The Goldstone report was the first time the findings of these human rights organizations moved center stage . People stopped talking about the peace process and started talking about Israel 's human rights record . ”
There is a growing disenchantment among Israelis with the endless occupation of Gaza and the West Bank as well as endemic government corruption . Maj. Gen. Avi Zamir , the head of the Israeli military 's Personnel Directorate , admitted recently to UPI that increasing numbers of Israelis are refusing to serve in the occupied territories . “ Taking into consideration Israeli Arab youth , we 're facing a situation in which 70 percent of youths will not enlist in the military , ” the general told the news agency . The discontent , along with the international condemnation , is inhibiting Israel 's ability to muster international support for further attacks .
“ Israel attacked Gaza to restore what it called its deterrence capacity , its ability to terrorize the Arab world into submission , ” Finkelstein said . “ But it actually diminished its deterrence capacity because it ca n't attack . If they were to attack now , anywhere , all hell would break loose and they would n't get sympathy . ”
The numbers of so-called refuseniks are proliferating with groups such as the Courage to Refuse , Shministim and New Profile supporting those who will not serve in the Israeli Defense Forces . It is not that many Israelis lack a conscience , it is not that many can not delineate right from wrong ; it is that the Netanyahu government is determined to see that these courageous voices within Israel will be silenced along with those of the Palestinians .
We 've got a long wait until Game of Thrones returns next March ... but fear not ! Episodes of Game of Bones , the porn parody from director Lee Roy Myers , will start appearing on the Web in just a couple of weeks . ( Including a female Joffrey ! ) We 've got the first exclusive teaser and cast photos , plus an interview with Myers .
Scroll down to see cast photos for Game of Bones : Winter is Cumming , which debuts its first episode on WoodRocket.com on Oct. 25 . Not pictured , according to Myers , are `` pornified '' versions of Varys , Tyrion Lannister , Jorah Mormont , and King Joffrey , `` played by a legal-aged female . ''
Advertisement
Margaery Tyrell played by Aaliyah Love
We talked to Myers , who also did a Buffy the Vampire Slayer porn parody , about creating the first Game of Thrones porn spoof :
Were there any ideas for the Game of Thrones porno that seemed too wrong or evil to do ?
Advertisement
Yes . The whole Cersei & Jaime Lannister , brother and sister sexual relationship is taboo . At WoodRocket , we typically try and avoid incest as a running theme in porn .
And then did you go ahead and do them anyway ?
Not exactly . But we do acknowledge it . It 's a huge part of the series , and if we ca n't discuss it , we should probably choose different source material . Maybe something less controversial , like Oldboy or A Serbian Film or Smurfs 2 .
Advertisement
Given how often the first couple seasons of Game of Thrones would use sex scenes to spout exposition , did you experiment with having pornstars recite random plot details from the series while they were screwing on screen ?
Of course ! What 's a sex scene without , `` Ooohs '' and `` awwws '' and `` Robb , maybe not going through with your agreed upon marriage was a mistake '' ?
Advertisement
Robb Stark ( Tommy Pistol ) and Talisa ( Dana DeArmond )
Is your Iron Throne made out of dildos ? Please say yes .
Yes . Thank you for the suggestion , by the way .
Westeros is a feudal realm that is attempting to modernize and move toward the rule of law in the face of entrenched power structures , and this process is complicated by the return of magic . How do you feel X-rated sex scenes can help to illuminate these themes ?
Advertisement
Sexuality is key to winning wars and losing wars . And while the series adds dialogue to reveal this or a little nudity , we can explore this more fully . We get to penetrate the story . And we will also show magic .
Is there an X-rated version of `` the man who passes the judgment must swing the sword ? '' Who does Ned Stark hook up with , anyway ?
Nope . We are focusing on the latest season of the television series . We found that despite Ned Stark 's beheading making for some good and sexy word-play , the visuals would probably gross some people out .
Advertisement
Cersei , played by Tanya Tate , and Margaery Tyrell played by Aaliyah Love
What was the weirdest pairing you came up with ? Any pairings that are totally not in the books or TV series ?
Advertisement
As fans of the show , myself and my co-writer Audrey Palmer , we did n't want to stray too far from what the original story did . It 's a parody , but we also want to give viewers the characters that they want to see having sex , having sex . But , I do n't want to give too much away . You 'll have to tune in to find out who is schtupping who . I will toss out there that the Red Wedding is now anything but a white wedding .
Are you going to show us exactly what Podrick did that was so great ?
Yes .
Does Daenerys eat a horse heart ? Or is there something else along those lines ?
Along those lines : they do stick something in their mouth .
Now that you know Hustler is also making a Game of Thrones porn spoof , do you feel extra pressure to one-up Axel Braun ? Is there a sense in which if you play the Game of Porn , you win or you die ?
Advertisement
Sorry there 's no real drama here . No game to play . We will do our version and then they will do theirs . I 'm sure that both will be great . Of course , ours will come out sooner and you can watch it for free on our website , WoodRocket.com .
Actually , come to think of it , how do you turn the `` win or die '' slogan into something suitably porntastic ?
Advertisement
I 'd go with , `` Win or Die ... or Fuck ''
How hard was it to create sets that were reminiscent of the sets in the TV show ? What was the hardest set to reconstruct ?
It was very difficult capturing the medieval architecture look on a budget . But I am confident that people will appreciate the level of attention we paid to the detail . Especially when they see the Throne Room . People are going to blow their loads when they see that set .
Advertisement
And here are some more exclusive ( and work-safe ! ) cast photos :
Cersei played by Tanya Tate
Advertisement
Cersei played by Tanya Tate
Jon Snow played by James Deen
Advertisement
Daenerys Targaryen played by Anikka Albrite , and Daario Naharis played by Aaron Wilcox
Daenerys Targaryen played by Anikka Albrite , and Daario Naharis played by Aaron Wilcox
Advertisement
Daenerys Targaryen played by Anikka Albrite
Advertisement
Robb Stark played by Tommy Pistol
Talisa played by Dana DeArmond
Advertisement
Ygritte played by Claire Robbins
By K.S . Jayaraman
India is poised to revive research on controversial cold fusion two decades after abandoning what was then billed as a potential source of clean energy .
Recommendations for restarting cold fusion experiments have been made by a ‘ high level group ' that included two former chairpeople of the Department of Atomic Energy ( DAE ) : Anil Kakodkar and Srikumar Banerjee . The group met on April 8 here at the National Institute of Advanced Studies ( NIAS ) .
The meeting was sponsored by the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy ( MNRE ) and its recommendations have since been sent to the ministry , NIAS director Baldev Raj , who was formerly director of the Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research ( IGCAR ) at Kalpakkam near Chennai , said .
Upendra Tripathy , secretary of the MNRE , however , did not respond to questions about the follow-up action likely to be taken by their ministry .
Nuclear fusion that powers the Sun and forms the basis of hydrogen bomb occurs under conditions of extreme temperature and pressure in which hydrogen ( or its heavier cousins deuterium and tritium ) nuclei fuse to release energy .
In 1989 , chemistry professors Martin Fleischmann and Stanley Pons , of the University of Utah in the United States , startled the world with their claim of having achieved fusion of deuterium at room temperature in an electrolytic cell that used heavy water ( in which hydrogen is subsumed by deuterium ) and a palladium cathode . The discovery , if true , promised a cheap source of energy .
Their work came under attack from several scientists who called it “ unreproducible ” and “ inaccurate. ” After the hostile reception , scientific interest in cold fusion seemed to wane .
India was in the forefront of cold fusion research from early on . Some of the best cold fusion research ever published was performed at the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre ( BARC ) under the leadership of late P. K. Iyengar .
The BARC team found excess heat , neutron bursts and large amounts of tritium in reactions from multiple types of electrolytic cells in what was claimed to be a clear evidence of the nuclear origin of the phenomenon .
At its peak , 12 independent research groups – in BARC , Tata Institute of Fundamental Research , and IGCAR – involving about 50 scientists were engaged in the DAE programme on cold fusion research . According to Mahadeva Srinivasan , former Associate director of BARC and a cold fusion pioneer , the DAE stopped the research in 1994 because of “ global peer pressure ” .
In the last two decades , several countries have however pursued research on cold fusion and to date , a series of 19 international conferences on cold fusion – renamed Low Energy Nuclear Reaction or LENR – have been held , the latest one at Padua , Italy , last month .
“ Research over the years not only confirm the occurrence of cold fusion but has also intriguingly demonstrated the transmutation of radioactive waste into stable elements using microbes , with possible practical applications , ” says Srinivasan . Demonstration in 2011 by Italian scientist Andrea Rossi of a 1-MW working , industrial-grade reactor has revived immense worldwide interest in the whole field of LENR , they say .
At present , there are at least two other private companies which have announced near-commercial products .
NIAS director Baldev Raj said their institute held the meeting to review the developments globally in cold fusion research with an “ open-minded approach. ” Given that private industry has jumped into this field , and many groups are reporting new findings , “ we can not remain idle , ” they said .
According to Raj , the high level group has suggested that cold fusion experiments could be started within three to six months in two or three laboratories to verify the claims made elsewhere and to validate each other 's work .
These laboratories can be within the DAE , the Indian Institute of Technology , Madras , and the Institute of Chemical technology in Mumbai , they said . “ They already have the facilities and the people and will not require fresh funding . ”
Depending on the outcome of these experiments , a decision will be made on setting up a pilot LENR reactor for which funding will be required , they said .
The NIAS high level group 's recommendations echo the views of several scientists who contributed to a special section on LENR in the February 2015 issue of ‘ Current Science ' , published by the Indian Academy of Sciences .
“ The recognition by the mainstream Indian science journal for the emerging field of new energy marks a turning point for LENR research in India , ” Srinivasan said .
You can find Liara Roux online , posing in lingerie as they roll between sheets or stretches into erotic poses . They say she 's a student looking for a “ little fun on the side , ” and lets readers know they keep themselves “ au natural. ” Based in San Francisco , but available to travel nearly anywhere , they charge $ 1,100 for two hours and $ 4,000 for eight . “ If you are interested in adding another woman or man to the mix , please do n't hesitate to let me know ! ” they add .
Of course , payment is expected promptly , be it cash , credit card or … bitcoin .
Bitcoin . Is there anything it ca n't be used for ? Six years after its release , the digital currency has crept into the nether-regions of the global economy — the multibillion-dollar sex industry . Bitcoin is now a payment option at escort ad services like Backpage and Luxury Escorts International , while a small but growing number of independent escorts consider it a currency of choice . Their reasons vary . Liara Roux ( that 's their nom de bizness ) had long nursed an interest in cryptography , and when they began escorting , “ accepted bitcoin right from the get-go. ” Another “ elite international companion ” tells OZY that bitcoin does n't necessarily save their transaction costs , but that they accept bitcoin “ as a courtesy and for its international appeal . ”
By some estimates , an average of $ 50 million in bitcoin trade takes place per day .
Indeed , for many escorts these days , bitcoin just makes good business sense . It allows them to offer their clients something more widely coveted than all the fetish objects in the world : discretion . A lot more of it than cash or credit cards , anyway . Because bitcoin scatters information across the Web , transactions are effectively opaque , and so are the identities of the people making and receiving them . Accepting bitcoin allows escorts to broaden their client base much the way that accepting , say , MasterCard expands the client base of a bricks-and-mortar retailer .
But discretion has its downsides , especially in sex work . While some independent , “ high-end ” escorts say they feel safer transacting on bitcoin than , say , carrying around a pile of cash , law enforcement officials say the spread of bitcoin poses dangers to the most vulnerable sex workers . Bitcoin , of course , has been a boon for all sorts of nefarious activity , from drug dealing to human trafficking — the authorities ca n't easily follow a money trail . Indeed , officials in Los Angeles and the San Francisco Bay Area tell us they 're worried that bitcoin shields abusers . “ It 's keeping us from keeping victims safe , ” says Paola Estanislao , deputy district attorney of Santa Clara County . They specialize in human trafficking .
By some estimates , an average of $ 50 million in bitcoin trade takes place per day . The currency is based on a peer-to-peer system where users can make direct , instant transactions , and because there 's no mediator to regulate transactions — like a bank that 's backed by the FDIC — some observers worry about the possibility of fraud . Yet supporters argue that transactions are inherently safe because payments are verified , self-regulated by the network and listed on a publicly available digital ledger called the blockchain . Indeed , even mainstream companies like Overstock and Dell are partnering with bitcoin exchanges to accept it , which attests to its “ safe transaction infrastructure , ” says bitcoin expert Todd Shipley .
The blockchain ledger might be public , but it 's massive ( more than 35 gigabytes at time of writing ) and transactions are quasi-anonymous . Sifting through it all would require far more resources than the average DA 's office — let alone suspicious spouse — could muster . That 's a very valuable perk for philanderers , as well as anyone who wants to keep their books hidden from the authorities . Indeed , escort services in cities rife with corruption could find bitcoin useful for avoiding the watchful eyes of police officers looking for bribes , according to a spokesperson for Bangkok Happytime , one of Thailand 's first bitcoin escort agencies . Bitcoin can be a pain to pay taxes on , but Liara Roux notes that they report all their bitcoin proceeds to the IRS with the help of a dominatrix who is also a CPA .
Yet the currency 's spread could also make it harder for law enforcement to thwart human traffickers and bust up their networks . While Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and other groups told OZY that they did n't know enough about bitcoin to judge whether it was good or bad for sex workers ' rights , some who fight trafficking and abuse are very wary . Bitcoin is so new that police departments , trained mostly to go after social network predators , are playing cryptocurrency catch-up , says Estanislao , the Santa Clara County prosecutor . Besides , bitcoin has challenged traditional procedures and rules . For instance , hauling someone into court is difficult “ because you need evidence at hand to serve subpoenas , ” says Estanislao .
For independent escorts and those at high-end agencies , however , bitcoin is a net positive , with clear appeal . Except for one thing , notes Liara Roux . A few of their clients have found it tricky to use the newfangled currency , they say , which is a bummer . “ Troubleshooting technical problems with them distracts from our time together , ” they say .
SHANGHAI , May 17 , 2016—A new World Bank report shows that Shanghai 's stellar performance on international tests of student learning is linked to a strong education system with efficient public financing . Shanghai 's policies and investments have created a great teacher workforce , established clear learning standards and regular student assessments , and struck a balance between autonomy and accountability in school management . The comprehensive evaluation was conducted using SABER , the World Bank 's global platform for benchmarking education systems , and complemented with detailed school surveys .
Released today , “ How Shanghai Does It , ” notes that the city 's education system stands out as one of the strongest in the world because it translates smart education policies into excellent learning results . Backed by this dynamic system , Shanghai has topped two consecutive rounds of the Programme for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) tests in reading , mathematics and science . The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) administers these tests to assess how well 15-year-olds have acquired the knowledge and skills needed to fully participate in knowledge-driven societies .
“ One of the most impressive aspects of Shanghai 's education system is the way it grooms , supports , and manages teachers , who are central to any effort to raise the education quality in schools , ” said Xiaoyan Liang , the report 's lead author . “ The reason the teaching profession is regarded with a lot of respect in Shanghai is not just because teachers earn reasonable , stable salaries—it is also because of how well they teach . They are true professionals . ”
Across the world , Shanghai also has the highest share of disadvantaged students in the top 25 percent as tested by PISA . While disadvantaged children continue to merit further attention in Shanghai , the report notes that the city has been making a serious effort to bring quality education within their reach . Among its 1.2 million basic education students in 2013 , nearly half were children of migrants . About 77 percent of them were placed in public schools and the rest funded to attend private schools .
“ Lessons from Shanghai on how to raise learning for all students are very relevant as developing or emerging economies look for ways to produce more skilled workers , ” said Harry Patrinos , World Bank Education Practice Manager for East Asia and the Pacific .
Globally , over the last decade , education efforts have focused on getting all children into primary school . Raising the quality of basic education—in terms of what children are actually learning in school—is the next big challenge worldwide . This is now part of the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) , a new set of international targets adopted at the United Nations in 2015 . Countries are actively exploring ways to meet the Education SDG , which calls for access to quality education and lifelong learning for all by 2030 .
“ High quality schooling is directly linked to strong economic growth and swift poverty reduction , so insights from Shanghai 's success could go a long way in a world where as many as 250 million children can not read or write despite having been to school , ” Patrinos said .
Policymakers from over 25 developing countries—including high-level delegations from Afghanistan , Brazil , and Ethiopia—are in Shanghai this week to learn more about how the education system is managed in this center of East Asian commerce and economic growth .
Teachers in the city go through rigorous pre-service training and are well supported with ongoing professional development once they begin work . Much of this takes place in schools in a collegial and supportive manner , the report finds .
On average , teachers in Shanghai spend about a third of their time teaching in class and the rest in preparing lessons , grading homework , observing and mentoring other teachers , and engaging in other forms of professional development . They are also evaluated systematically , required to go through a year of probation , rewarded for good performance , have opportunities to move up the ladder based on merit , and are led by principals who are themselves instructional leaders .
The way Shanghai pulls up the performance of weaker schools is also interesting , according to the report . While education financing is decentralized to the district level , the city government reserves a portion of the education tax and redistributes it with emphasis towards poor and low performing districts .
Also , the “ entrusted school ” management model frequently used in Shanghai involves high-performing schools providing management and professional support to low-performing schools . The city government backs up this arrangement with substantial financial transfers based on performance . This model differs from the US charter school movement in that often excellent public schools take over low-performing schools , rather than private entities . The twinned schools form joint management and teaching teams .
The report concludes that the Shanghai education system is continuing to evolve , another of its strengths .
`` Beyond PISA , it is noteworthy that Shanghai is now examining even harder questions and challenges , such as the socio-emotional well-being of its children , global citizenship education , environmental consciousness , creativity , and innovation , ” Patrinos said . “ These are important skills in high demand in 21st century workplaces and all economies need to be thinking beyond literacy and cognitive skills . ”
For more information , please visit : http : //www.worldbank.org/education
Visit us on Facebook : http : //www.facebook.com/worldbank
Be updated via Twitter : http : //www.twitter.com/WBG_Education
For our YouTube channel : http : //www.youtube.com/worldbank
UPDATE : For more information on the bands at the concert and footage from the venue , see our latest post here .
LOS ANGELES — Eagles of Death Metal , the California-based band founded by Josh Homme and Jesse Hughes , reportedly escaped offstage when the Paris venue they were playing was caught in a wave of attacks throughout the city .
At least 100 people were killed inside the concert hall , a French police official said . Witnesses inside Le Bataclan described a frantic , bloody scene on social media . Police raided the historic venue in Paris ' 11th arrondissement at 50 boulevard Voltaire around 1 a.m. Saturday , killing two attackers and freeing dozens of hostages , according to French media reports .
Automatic gunfire was heard outside the concert hall during the attack , according to the Associated Press .
The Paris police prefect said the attackers at the Bataclan blew themselves up with suicide belts as police closed in . They said the gunmen first sprayed cafes outside the venue with machine gunfire , then went inside the concert hall and killed more before the assaullt by security forces .
The prefect , Michel Cadot , said the one set of attackers was at the stadium and at nearly the same time the second group attacked within the city .
Built in 1864 , the Chinese architecture-inspired venue holds a wide variety of events , from rock concerts to comedy shows and café-théâtre . Le Bataclan was one of multiple sites targeted by attackers .
The band was on the first stop of its 25-date tour of Europe and Scandinavia to support their new release `` Zipper Down . '' The Washington Post reported that they escaped as the shooting began . The wife of drummer Julian Dorio told the Post they had spoken to their husband briefly , who said the band was safe . However , the band posted on Facebook that they were still trying to account for the whereabouts of all members and crew .
We are still currently trying to determine the safety and whereabouts of all our band and crew . Our thoughts are with all of the people involved in this tragic situation . Posted by Eagles Of Death Metal on Friday , November 13 , 2015
Eagles of Death Metal had played there before , in 2009 :
Eagles of Death Metal is just one of many bands to feature Homme , whose main gig is Queens of the Stone Age , but they also founded supergroup Them Crooked Vultures with Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl and former Led Zeppelin bassist John Paul Jones . Because he 's so spread around , Homme does n't always tour with Eagles of Death Metal , and it 's unclear at the moment if they were in Paris . However , it seems likely that they were at Le Bataclan since it was the first show for `` Zipper Down , '' which was released Oct. 2 .
Homme co-founded Eagles of Death Metal with friend Hughes in 1998 , and `` Zipper Down '' was their fourth studio record , after `` Peace , Love , Death Metal '' in 2004 , `` Death by Sexy '' in 2006 and `` Heart On '' in 2008 . Despite their name , the band is not considered a `` death metal '' band — but rather the moniker was cooked up after a member mused aloud that their sound would be what the Eagles sounded like if they attempted to play death metal .
Additional reporting by the Associated Press .
__
UPDATES :
The End Date has been handled .
Although ABC is n't commenting , multiple sources confirm to TVLine exclusively that Scandal ‘ s upcoming seventh seventh will be its last . The network is expected to make a formal announcement at its upfront presentation on Tuesday . I 'm told series creator Shonda Rhimes made the call to conclude the series , and ABC accepted their decision . 10 Shows on the Bubble Launch Gallery
The news comes with three episodes remaining in Scandal ‘ s current sixth season .
Rhimes has previously said that , unlike the long-running Grey 's Anatomy , Scandal ‘ s heavily serialized , high-stakes narrative necessitates a short-ish shelf life . And it seems she 'll get no argument from viewers . In a recent poll , fans overwhelmingly agreed with TVLine Senior Editor Andy Swift 's editorial that Scandal ‘ s end needs to be nigh .
“ I feel like there is a finite amount of Scandal to be told , ” Rhimes previously told NPR . “ So I know what the end of Scandal will be , and I feel really good about that . And I can see where the end point is . And I do n't think I 'm going to change that . ”
Scandal this season has been averaging 5.7 million total viewers and a 1.5 demo rating , down 20 and 30 percent from Season 4 and hitting series lows ( 5.1 mil/1.2 ) as recently as April 6 . At its zenith ( with the Season 4 premiere ) , the D.C. drama pulled 12 million viewers with a 3.8 demo rating .
Earlier this year , ABC president Channing Dungey was asked about Scandal ‘ s future beyond Season 7 . “ We have not really talked about what happens after that , ” they told our sister outlet Variety . “ But I love the show , and I would happily keep the show on as long as they feel that they have creative runway to write the show . ”
Juries clearly have the power to nullify ; whether they also have the right to nullify is another question . Once a jury returns a verdict of `` Not Guilty , '' that verdict can not be questioned by any court and the `` double jeopardy '' clause of the Constitution prohibits a retrial on the same charge . Early in our history , judges often informed jurors of their nullification right . For example , our first Chief Justice , John Jay , told jurors : `` You have a right to take upon yourselves to judge [ both the facts and law ] . '' In 1805 , one of the charges against Justice Samuel Chase in their impeachment trial was that they wrongly prevented an attorney from arguing to a jury that the law should not be followed . Judicial acceptance of nullification began to wane , however , in the late 1800s . In 1895 , in the United States v Sparf , the U. S. Supreme Court voted 7 to 2 to uphold the conviction in a case in which the trial judge refused the defense attorney 's request to let the jury know of their nullification power . Courts recently have been reluctant to encourage jury nullification , and in fact have taken several steps to prevent it . In most jurisdictions , judges instruct jurors that it is their duty to apply the law as it is given to them , whether they agree with the law or not . Only in a handful of states are jurors told that they have the power to judge both the facts and the law of the case . Most judges also will prohibit attorneys from using their closing arguments to directly appeal to jurors to nullify the law . Recently , several courts have indicated that judges also have the right , when it is brought to their attention by other jurors , to remove ( prior to a verdict , of course ) from juries any juror who makes clear their or their intention to vote to nullify the law .
REDMOND , WA—In what CEO Bill Gates called “ an unfortunate but necessary step to protect our intellectual property from theft and exploitation by competitors , ” the Microsoft Corporation patented the numbers one and zero Monday .
With the patent , Microsoft 's rivals are prohibited from manufacturing or selling products containing zeroes and ones—the mathematical building blocks of all computer languages and programs—unless a royalty fee of 10 cents per digit used is paid to the software giant .
Advertisement
“ Microsoft has been using the binary system of ones and zeroes ever since its inception in 1975 , ” Gates told reporters . “ For years , in the interest of the overall health of the computer industry , we permitted the free and unfettered use of our proprietary numeric systems . However , changing marketplace conditions and the increasingly predatory practices of certain competitors now leave us with no choice but to seek compensation for the use of our numerals . ”
A number of major Silicon Valley players , including Apple Computer , Netscape and Sun Microsystems , said they will challenge the Microsoft patent as monopolistic and anti-competitive , claiming that the 10-cent-per-digit licensing fee would bankrupt them instantly .
“ While , technically , Java is a complex system of algorithms used to create a platform-independent programming environment , it is , at its core , just a string of trillions of ones and zeroes , ” said Sun Microsystems CEO Scott McNealy , whose company created the Java programming environment used in many Internet applications . “ The licensing fees we 'd have to pay Microsoft every day would be approximately 327,000 times the total net worth of this company . ”
Advertisement
“ If this patent holds up in federal court , Apple will have no choice but to convert to analog , ” said Apple interim CEO Steve Jobs , “ and I have serious doubts whether this company would be able to remain competitive selling pedal-operated computers running software off vinyl LPs . ”
As a result of the Microsoft patent , many other companies have begun radically revising their product lines : Database manufacturer Oracle has embarked on a crash program to develop “ an abacus for the next millennium. ” Novell , whose communications and networking systems are also subject to Microsoft licensing fees , is working with top animal trainers on a chimpanzee-based message-transmission system . Hewlett-Packard is developing a revolutionary new steam-powered printer .
Despite the swarm of protest , Gates is standing their ground , maintaining that ones and zeroes are the undisputed property of Microsoft .
Advertisement
“ We will vigorously enforce our patents of these numbers , as they are legally ours , ” Gates said . “ Among Microsoft 's vast historical archives are Sanskrit cuneiform tablets from 1800 B.C . clearly showing ones and a symbol known as ‘ sunya , ' or nothing . We also own : papyrus scrolls written by Pythagoras themselves in which they explain the idea of singular notation , or ‘ one ' ; early tracts by Mohammed ibn Musa al Kwarizimi explaining the concept of al-sifr , or ‘ the cipher ' ; original mathematical manuscripts by Heisenberg , Einstein and Planck ; and a signed first-edition copy of Jean-Paul Sartre 's Being And Nothingness . Should the need arise , Microsoft will have no difficulty proving to the Justice Department or anyone else that we own the rights to these numbers . ”
Added Gates : “ My salary also has lots of zeroes . I 'm the richest man in the world . ”
Advertisement
According to experts , the full ramifications of Microsoft 's patenting of one and zero have yet to be realized .
“ Because all integers and natural numbers derive from one and zero , Microsoft may , by extension , lay claim to ownership of all mathematics and logic systems , including Euclidean geometry , pulleys and levers , gravity , and the basic Newtonian principles of motion , as well as the concepts of existence and nonexistence , ” Yale University theoretical mathematics professor J. Edmund Lattimore said . “ In other words , pretty much everything . ”
Lattimore said that the only mathematical constructs of which Microsoft may not be able to claim ownership are infinity and transcendental numbers like pi . Microsoft lawyers are expected to file liens on infinity and pi this week .
Advertisement
Microsoft has not yet announced whether it will charge a user fee to individuals who wish to engage in such mathematically rooted motions as walking , stretching and smiling .
In an address beamed live to billions of people around the globe Monday , Gates expressed confidence that their company 's latest move will , ultimately , benefit all humankind .
“ Think of this as a partnership , ” Gates said . “ Like the ones and zeroes of the binary code itself , we must all work together to make the promise of the computer revolution a reality . As the world 's richest , most powerful software company , Microsoft is number one . And you , the millions of consumers who use our products , are the zeroes . ”
On the morning of June 23 , 1980 , Sanjay Gandhi , a newly elected MP , father of a three-month-old baby , and the prime minister 's favoured son and heir , attempted to do an aerobatic loop in their two-seater plane and crashed , nose first , into the ground . What if they had n't lost control , what if they had managed to pull up out of their steep dive ? What would have happened then—to Sanjay , to their mother Indira Gandhi , and to India ?
It is hard to imagine Sanjay Gandhi as a 57-year-old . At the time of their death , they personified youth and energy , or ‘ go ' , as their mother put it . In their late 50s , would they be bald and overweight ? Would they have aches and pains and high blood pressure ? Or had they inherited their mother 's robust adult health , so that they would have been as vital and handsome in middle age as they were in their youth ? Would their marriage have survived ; would they have fathered more children ? And what of their business activities ? Would they have made them a multi-millionaire ?
Or—the question on everyone 's mind in 1980—would Sanjay Gandhi by 2004 have become India 's prime minister ?
Sanjay Gandhi aroused strong feelings . People either worshipped or demonised him , and this in itself indicated that they were potential prime minister material . Despite their many enemies , Sanjay might very well have inherited power from their mother . They made no secret of the fact that this was what they wanted , and Indira Gandhi often got their own way . Sanjay had boundless energy , a strong following , contacts , charisma , the best name in India , and money—all the requisites for a successful political career . But they also had a strongly authoritarian personality and a disregard for the procedures and norms of parliamentary government . Had they reached the top , the consequences for India could have been devastating . The mind may boggle at the idea of Prime Minister Sanjay Gandhi . But until that June morning in 1980 , it was a distinct possibility .
On the other hand , Sanjay Gandhi could just as easily have been the political ruin of themselves and their mother , and ended the so-called Nehru-Gandhi dynasty once and for all . As one of the main architects and implementers of the Emergency ( especially the slum clearance and family planning programmes ) , Sanjay was disliked and feared by many of Indira Gandhi 's advisors , cabinet members , and by a sizeable contingent of MPs . There was even greater hostility towards them among certain segments of the electorate . Reckless and ruthless , Sanjay had a penchant for going ‘ too far ' . If Maruti and other activities had continued to expose shady dealings , if their big business backers had deserted him , if their enemies had decided to get rid of him , if their constituency in Amethi voted them out , they could have disappeared from the political scene . And if they got into really serious trouble—a full-blown scandal—he might have taken their mother and older brother down with him . The Gandhi era in Indian history then would have been nipped in the bud .
All trace of Sanjay did not disappear , of course , on July 23 , 1980 . They left a legacy , and nowhere was it more potent and dangerous than in the Punjab . Sanjay , in fact , was a crucial figure behind the central government 's covert backing of Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale and their army of Sikh militants . In the 1970s , Sanjay had formulated a ‘ divide and rule ' tactic to split and weaken the Akali Dal opposition to Congress in the Punjab . Bhindranwale siphoned off the more extreme Sikh elements . This secret aiding and abetting of Bhindranwale , once set in motion , contained the seeds of future events , including the storming of the Golden Temple in June 1984 and the assassination four months later of Indira Gandhi by their Sikh bodyguards .
Ironically , had Sanjay lived , they might have proved less dangerous and destructive . But this would have depended on whether Indira Gandhi was able to control , even immobilise , him . In the aftermath of the Emergency , when they began to comprehend Sanjay 's complicity in the huge damage done by it , they showed signs of standing up to their son . On the other hand , Sanjay might conceivably have been removed in one way or another by certain influential Congress figures who could no longer tolerate their activities . Sanjay would n't have gone quietly , but they might have been divested of their power .
There was a frenzy of grief after Sanjay Gandhi 's death at just 33 ( he would have been 34 had they lived to their next birthday in December ) . Delhi was gripped by a mass mourning exercise similar to the aftermath of Princess Diana 's fatal car crash in 1997 . Instant monuments to Sanjay sprang up all over the city . Even their inveterate enemies felt the horror of their end . Sanjay 's death was clearly the greatest tragedy of Indira Gandhi 's life . Sonia Gandhi has described how Indira `` for all their courage and composure was broken in spirit '' . But was Sanjay 's death a tragedy for India ? One of Indira 's closest friends and a seasoned commentator on Indian politics said at the time of Sanjay 's death that `` a wave of indefinable relief blew right across the country '' . Years later , B.K . Nehru told me that far from being a catastrophe , Sanjay 's end `` was the best thing that could have happened in India '' .
Today , however , Sanjay 's 24-year-old son , Feroze Varun , claims that wherever they go `` people tell me had Sanjay been alive , India would not be in the state it is today . People see ( Sanjay ) as a visionary with an unfinished dream '' . Or was it an `` unfinished nightmare '' ? In the 2004 general elections , Sanjay 's nephew , Rahul Gandhi , running as the Congress candidate , won the Amethi seat to which Sanjay was elected in 1980 , and Rajiv Gandhi in 1981 . Feroze Varun , who has recently joined the bjp , is at 24 still too young to stand . At the moment , he 's biding their time and writing poetry . But many people believe what Feroze Varun has not ruled out—that when they come of age , they will enter politics , and then there will be talk of `` the return of Sanjay Gandhi '' .
This , however , can never be . Whether you loved or loathed Sanjay Gandhi , they were quite simply irreplaceable . For good or ill , they piloted themselves into oblivion 24 years ago and today all our ‘ what if ' speculations are in vain . The most we can say is that had Sanjay not crashed on that hot June morning , India would have been a very different place today . Indira and Rajiv Gandhi might still be alive . The Nehru-Gandhi dynasty might have been consigned to history , but it also could have survived and flourished just as it does under the current generation of Rahul , Priyanka and Feroze Varun Gandhi .
But then , there are no second chances in history .
( Katherine Frank is the author of Indira : The Life of Indira Nehru Gandhi , a book which landed them in a court case . )
Bahawalpur 1988 : What if Zia had n't opposed the Geneva accord ? Would they have met with an air crash ?
Babylon 323 BC : What if Alexander had n't died at 32 ? How many more conquests would they have made ?
By Roger Harrabin
BBC Environment analyst
China has rising emissions `` because it is making our stuff '' Greenhouse gas emissions created by Britons are probably twice as bad as figures suggest , says the government 's new chief energy scientist . Professor David MacKay told the BBC that reductions in carbon dioxide emissions since 1990 are `` an illusion '' . `` Our energy footprint has decreased over the last few decades and that 's largely because we 've exported our industry , '' they said . Developing countries now made the goods that Britain buys , they added . They were speaking unofficially in a previously recorded interview , but their comments will increase pressure on the UK to improve its offer of emissions cuts at the upcoming climate change talks . `` Other countries make stuff for us so we have naughty , naughty China and India out of control with rising emissions but it 's because they are making our stuff for us now , '' they said . `` It 's been estimated by Dieter Helm from the University of Oxford that roughly half of our energy footprint actually lives overseas so our true footprint is twice as big as it looks on paper . '' Prof Helm 's paper suggests if the UK counted `` embedded '' emissions , its total pollution would have gone up not down . 'World polluters ' Prof MacKay 's comments apply to all developed countries whose manufacturing industries have relocated to the developing world . We are right up there on the winners podium for carbon dioxide emissions per person over the last 125 years
Prof David MacKay They also tackle sceptics of climate policy who argue the UK 's 2 % share of current global emissions is trivial . If you take into account historic CO2 , the UK is among the top three world polluters , they point out . `` The argument that we are only a small country could be used by pretty much every country on the planet and then we 'd all do nothing , '' they said . `` Back in 1910 we were burning per capita the same amount as Americans do today so that 's an argument for saying we really have an ethical duty to take a lead and show the way and show that it is possible for a developed country to seriously decarbonise its economy . `` By historical emissions per capita the top three are America , Germany and Britain so we are right up there on the winners podium for carbon dioxide emissions per person over the last 125 years. `` 'Favourable terms ' Prof MacKay started their new job on Thursday , and their new employers at the Department of Energy and Climate Change ( DECC ) do not challenge their figures . A spokesperson said : `` While some emission reductions have resulted from the trend for manufacturing to move overseas , it 's internationally accepted that emissions from manufacturing are counted by the country of production . '' If global warming is to be limited , the US and Europe will have to take much more drastic action to reduce those emissions embedded in their own consumption
Prof Dieter Helm This is convenient for the UK , which also managed to gain very favourable terms under the Kyoto Protocol climate agreement . Setting a baseline of 1990 for emissions cuts allowed the UK to cut emissions without trying because 1990 was a peak of coal burning in Britain . A study from the Stockholm Environment Institute estimated when embedded emissions are taken into account , the average UK resident pollutes 15 tonnes a year - almost five times more than the average Chinese person at 3.1 tonnes a year . The failure to calculate embedded emissions has damaged the reputation of countries such as China which are making goods for export to the West but are then blamed for the pollution that results . 'Recalculating figures ' Prof Helm 's paper says : `` If carbon outsourcing is factored back in , the UK 's impressive emissions cuts over the past two decades do n't look so impressive anymore . `` Rather than falling by over 15 % since 1990 , they actually rose by around 19 % . And even this is flattering , since the UK closed most of its coal industry in the 1990s for reasons unrelated to climate change . `` No doubt , recalculating the figures for other European countries and the US would reveal a similar pattern . '' It is consumption and not production that matters , according to Prof Helm . `` This means that if global warming is to be limited , the US and Europe will have to take much more drastic action to reduce those emissions embedded in their own consumption , '' they said . `` Their appropriate emissions reduction targets will have to be based on the consumption of goods that cause those emissions in the first place . `` This not only means that the true scale of required emissions reductions in the Western world will be much higher but that the impact on economic growth and living standards there will also be more severe than so far believed . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As the crazed election season approaches and straw hats are dusted off , it is prudent to remember what the 19th-century American anarchist Henry David Thoreau called `` the business of living . ''
Although most libertarians know Thoreau through their short essay `` Civil Disobedience '' ( 1849 ) or , perhaps , through their short book Walden , Or Life in the Woods ( 1854 ) , the vast majority of Thoreau 's work dealt with nature — with flora and fauna — rather than politics . Their writing reflected a deep commitment to the business of living . They gloried in wandering the woods and fields surrounding their home . No detail was too small for their journals to record : a broken blade of grass , a few berries hidden behind a leaf , a new tone to a bird call , the movement of an insect . A pure and simple joy in life leaps out of Thoreau 's journals , which were lauded in their day .
No one in their intellectual circle , which included Ralph Waldo Emerson , seemed to think Thoreau 's political writing would stand the test of time . After Thoreau 's early death , their sister Sophia sorted their uncollected works into multiple volumes to be published through Ticknor and Fields . Thoreau 's political essays were held until last , and they appeared in a volume entitled A Yankee in Canada with Anti-Slavery and Reform Papers ( 1866 ) . The volume included `` Civil Disobedience , '' which was sandwiched inauspiciously between `` Prayers '' and `` A Plea for Captain John Brown . ''
Had it not been for a young crusader for Indian independence named Mohandas Gandhi , the essay might have remained just an oddity in among Thoreau 's writings on nature . Gandhi read `` On the Duty of Civil Disobedience '' ( one of the essay 's various titles ) while they sat in a South African prison for the crime of nonviolently protesting discrimination against the Indian population in the Transvaal . The essay galvanized Gandhi , who wrote and published a synopsis of Thoreau 's argument , calling its `` incisive logic … unanswerable '' and referring to Thoreau as `` one of the greatest and most moral men America has produced . ''
Largely through Gandhi , Thoreau 's essay gained such powerful admirers as civil-rights leader Martin Luther King . Thus , Thoreau 's politics took a strange and circuitous route back home , where it became one of the most influential political tracts ever written by an American .
No one would have been more surprised than Thoreau himself , to whom the business of living was immensely more important than politics .
And I believe they would have objected to the retitling of their famous essay as `` On the Duty of Civil Disobedience . '' Thoreau did not consider resisting the state to be a duty that people must assume . Quite the opposite . They considered the only true duty , which every man owed to himself , to be the business of living as deeply and honestly as possible . It was only when living honestly came into conflict with the law or other expressions of authority that it became necessary for people to take a political stand .
Thoreau 's famous act of civil disobedience — the refusal to pay a tax that supported war — was not the act of a determined political dissident , although they had spoken out against war before . Their one night in jail came about only because the state literally knocked on their front door in the form of a tax collector . At that point , when looking the state in the face , Thoreau had to make a choice .
They believed the Mexican-American War was immoral : it violated both their sense of decency and their theory of rights . As long as Thoreau was not forced to participate in this `` evil '' by supporting it , they seemed content to go about the business of living — of enjoying nature , family , and friends . Participation in the oppression of others , however , was where Thoreau drew a hard line , because it went against their duty to live honestly .
When Thoreau was released from jail , they immediately went on a berry hunt with a swarm of young boys . No bitterness . Thoreau simply returned to living deeply without missing a beat . This post-jail quest for berries occasioned my favorite line from all of Thoreau 's writings : As they tramped the trails in search of juicy treasure , Thoreau found themselves standing on a high point in a field . They gazed about at the continuous , sprawling beauty that surrounded them and observed `` the State was nowhere to be seen . ''
It is far more difficult today than in Thoreau 's time to find places where the state can not be seen . But , perhaps , this makes it far more important to try .
For many people , the state disappears in the conduct of their private lives with family and friends , where the bonds of affection and trust have nothing whatsoever to do with government law . Other people lose themselves in hobbies like raising animals , in work about which they are passionate , or in acts of charity that no one mandates .
In their berry-picking insight , I believe Thoreau to be correct . There is no duty to confront the state except when it seeks to make you an active accomplice in the oppression of others . Those who stand up against the injustice of others are to be applauded , but they should not do so at the expense of their primary duty : to live deeply and honestly . This duty involves pushing back or walking away ( when possible ) from the areas of life in which the state commands jurisdiction . Make space , instead , for the ones that allow you to say `` Here , the state is nowhere to be seen . ''
Growth and Quality of Life : What Can we Learn from Japan ?
There is a growing concern that economic growth , as we know it , is coming to an end . Economists , who tend to view growth as good , are uneasy with that idea . Many environmentalists , who are more prone to focus on the downside of growth , view a steady-state economy more positively . Richard Heinberg , author of the book The End of Growth , sees a no-growth economy as a reality to which we must adapt whether we want to or not . In their view , whether the no-growth future works out well or not depends on how well we manage the transition . If we manage it well , we can maintain and even improve our quality of life without an ever increasing GDP . If not , they see a much less pleasant future .
But rather than speculate about what a no-growth future might look like for the United States , why not see what we can learn from Japan , where a no-growth economy , or something close to it , has been a reality for a generation already . ( The Japanese population peaked in 2008 , but as of 2013 , it is still about 2.5 percent higher than in 1992 , so per capita GDP growth has averaged even less than shown in the chart . ) What does the Japanese experience suggest about the linkage between economic growth and the quality of life ?
Growth vs. quality of life
To answer that question , we need to do two things . First , we need a way of measuring the quality of life . Second , we need to distinguish between the effect on quality of life of a country 's level of income and the effect of growth per se . Putting these two things together allows us to formulate the following hypothesis :
If growth of income , independently from the level of income , is a necessary condition for maintaining a high quality of life , then slow-growing Japan should have a lower quality of life than other countries with comparable incomes but more rapid growth .
IMF data rank Japan as twenty-fifth in the world by per capita GDP at purchasing power parity , just behind France and just above the EU average . That puts Japanese GDP per capita at 70 percent of the United States . Although some other rankings put Japan a little higher or lower , all sources put the country safely in the top quartile by GDP per capita , but below the top decile . On the other hand , its recent average growth rate of 0.84 percent per year puts it in the bottom growth quartile . The question is , then , do measures of Japan 's quality of life more closely track its level of GDP , its growth rate , or neither ?
There have been many attempts to quantify the quality of life . Because these efforts differ widely in their methodologies , we should look more than one . Here is how Japan stacks up according to some of the better-known quality of life indexes :
The Economist Intelligence Unit 's Quality of Life Index includes measures of material wellbeing , health , political stability , family life , community life , climate , job security , freedom , and gender equality . For 2005 , Japan ranked seventeenth in quality of life out of 111 countries surveyed , compared with a rank of sixteenth for GDP per capita . It ranked well ahead of France and Germany in quality of life , and just four places behind the United States , despite being 15 places behind the U.S. in terms of income .
A similar index from Numbeo.com ranked Japan thirteenth out of fifty-one countries for quality of life compared with a ranking of twentieth for per capita GDP . First-place rankings for low crime , safety , and quality of health care boosted Japan 's ranking on the Numbeo scale .
The Legatum Prosperity Index for 2012 placed Japan at the eighty-fifth percentile , or twenty-second out of 142 countries surveyed . That put it one place behind France and ten behind the United States . High rankings for governance , health , safety and security , and education helped Japan 's rankings on the Legatum index .
The UN Human Development Index , which combines scores for education , longevity , and income , places Japan at the ninety-third percentile , twelfth out of 165 countries surveyed . By comparison , the EU average on the Human Development Index ranks twenty-fifth .
On the OECD 's better life index ( all indicators ranked equally ) , Japan scores twenty-second out of 36 member countries . As in other indexes , it scores high for health and safety indicators . It compares poorly on work-life balance ( even worse than the low-ranked United States ) and below average on subjective surveys of life satisfaction . It scores poorly on the OECD 's index of gender equality ( thirty-third out of 36 ) , although curiously , Japanese women report higher subjective happiness scores than men . To put these results in context , we should keep in mind that the OECD is an exclusive club of high-income democratic countries . Among OECD countries , only Greece , Portugal , and Italy have had slower average GDP growth since 1999 .
This is only a sampling of quality of life indicators , but we can see a clear pattern : By many if not all measures , the quality of life in slow-growing Japan is higher , not lower , than the quality of life in faster-growing countries at with comparable levels of per capita GDP . The Japanese example suggests that growth is not a necessary condition for a good quality of life .
How well is Japan managing its transition to low growth ?
Toward the end of their book , Heinberg spells out a default scenario that they think will unfold as growth comes to an end in an advanced economy . Their scenario includes financial collapse , militarization , civil unrest , political repression , collapse of social services , and other ills . Clearly , Japan has avoided most of those troubles , at least so far , but that does not mean it has managed the transition to low growth perfectly .
For one thing , the Japanese labor market has not fully adjusted to slow growth . As the following chart from Japan 's Statistics Bureau shows , they country 's traditionally low unemployment rate has risen , especially for young people .
Logically , there is no reason why a slow-growing economy should have more involuntary unemployment than a growing one . Two things make the rising unemployment rate is especially problematic for Japan . One is the fact that an aging population means that there are fewer people of working age per retiree . By itself , that would suggest that jobs would be getting harder to fill and unemployment would be falling . The other odd thing about rising Japanese unemployment is the fact that a poor life-work balance is one of the few major negatives in the Japanese quality of life picture . It would seem that some adjustment is needed to move away from a situation where some people are working crazy 14-hour days while others have no jobs at all .
In addition to its labor market problems , Japan has not yet found the right combination of monetary and fiscal policy to bring its economy back to an acceptable equilibrium . Increasingly desperate efforts to reignite the growth engine are leading to developments in monetary policy , exchange rates , and public debt that many observers believe to be unsustainable . ( For more on Japan 's macroeconomic and demographic problems , see Japan 's Looming Singularity by Ed Hugh , posed to Economonitor on February 12 . )
Environmentalists find grounds to criticize Japan 's performance as well . They would like to see a greater use of sustainable energy and lower carbon emissions as part of the transition to a comfortable zero-growth future , but the country is not doing well in that regard . In fact , since the Fukushima nuclear disaster , it has become even more dependent on imported fossil fuels . The OECD rates Japan 's air quality below average and falling .
Finally , although many of the international rankings cited above give Japan high quality of life scores , the Japanese themselves do not always do the same . A white paper from Japan 's Cabinet Office shows a steady decline in subjective life satisfaction , as measured by the simple question “ Are you satisfied with life , or not ? ” The same white paper reports that 60 percent of the working-age population feels stressed every day . Income , budget , work , and study are the most common sources of stress , far outweighing more personal stress factors like health , relationships , or caring for family members . There is a strong negative correlation between the amount of personal time people have and their level of stress . Logically , all of this suggests that less time spent generating GDP would improve the quality of life .
The bottom line
When all is said and done , what do we learn from Japan 's experience with near-zero growth ? It seems to me that we can see a glass that is half empty , if we want , or half full . Certainly the transition to a low-growth economy has not been ideally managed . The Japanese themselves do not appear to be pleased with their status as the world 's leading no-growth nation , and in some respects , they appear to be less pleased as time goes on . If there were a simple “ start ” button to get Japan 's GDP growing again , a referendum on whether to push it would undoubtedly draw a majority vote of “ yes . ”
On the other hand , Japan 's experience seems to tell us that the end of growth does not mean the end of everything . Even without growth , Japan seems to have a better handle on many of life 's pressing problems , including health care , longevity , public safety , and personal security than does the faster-growing and wealthier US economy .
I do not share Richard Heinberg 's alarmist view that the Great Recession marks a permanent and fundamental break from the past , so that economic growth as we know it is over and done with , starting right now . On the other hand , many mainstream economists do see U.S. growth rates slowing in coming decades . Heinberg is surely right to maintain that , as we face that prospect , we should think about how to manage the transition from “ growth as we know it ” to something that continues to improve the quality of life without the unwanted side effects of personal stress and environmental degradation . More on that in a future post .
Thanks to Sarunas Merkliopas who served as research associate for this post
On Tuesday , the House of Representatives is slated to vote on a resolution designed to tie the president 's hands-on Iran policy . The resolution , which is coming up under an expedited House procedure , was the centerpiece of AIPAC 's recent conference . In fact , 13,000 AIPAC delegates were dispatched to Capitol Hill , on the last day of the conference , with instructions to tell the senators and representatives whom they met that supporting this resolution was # 1 on AIPAC 's election year agenda .
Accordingly , it is not particularly surprising that the resolution is being rushed to the House floor for a vote , nor that it is expected to pass with very little opposition . Those voting `` no '' on this one will pay a price in campaign contributions ( the ones they wo n't receive ) and , very likely , will be smeared as `` anti-Israel . '' That is how it works .
Most of the language in H. Res.568 is unremarkable , the usual boilerplate ( some of it factual ) denouncing the Islamic Republic of Iran as a `` state sponsor of terrorism '' that is on the road to nuclear weapons capability .
The resolution 's overarching message is that Iran must be deterred from developing weapons , a position the White House ( and our allies share ) . That is why the sanctions regime is in place and also why negotiations with Iran have resumed ( the next session is May 23 ) .
But the resolution does not stop with urging the president to use their authority to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran . If it did , the resolution would be uncontroversial .
But there is also this : The House `` urges the President to reaffirm the unacceptability of an Iran with nuclear-weapons capability and opposition to any policy that would rely on containment as an option in response to the Iranian nuclear threat . ''
Think about that .
The resolution , which almost surely will pass on Tuesday , is telling the president that they may not `` rely on containment '' in response to `` the Iranian nuclear threat . ''
Since the resolution , and U.S. policy itself defines Iranian possession of nuclear weapons as , ipso facto , a threat , Congress would be telling the president that any U.S. response to that threat other than war is unacceptable . In fact , it goes farther than that , not only ruling out containment of a nuclear armed Iran but also containment of an Iran that has a `` nuclear weapons capability . ''
That means that the only acceptable response to a nuclear armed or nuclear capable Iran is not containment but its opposite : war .
Any doubt that this is the intention of the backers of this approach was removed back in March , when the Senate was considering new Iran sanctions . Senators Joe Lieberman ( I-CT ) , Lindsey Graham ( R-SC ) , Richard Blumenthal ( D-CT ) and Bob Casey ( D-PA ) offered their own `` no containment '' language to the sanctions bill and the Senate moved to quickly to accept it .
However , amending a bill once it is already on the Senate floor requires unanimous consent and one , and only one , senator objected . Rand Paul ( R-KY ) said that they would oppose the containment clause unless a provision was added specifying that `` nothing in the Act shall be construed as a declaration of war or an authorization of the use of force against Iran ... ''
That did it .
Neither the Democratic nor Republican leadership would accept that ( knowing that AIPAC would n't ) and Paul 's objection killed the bill , for the time being . In other words , the purpose of `` no containment '' language is precisely to make war virtually automatic . Because Paul 's provision would thwart that goal , it was unacceptable .
So now it 's the House 's turn .
On the substance , the `` no containment '' idea is absurd and reckless .
Imagine if President Kennedy had been told by the Congress back in 1962 that if the Soviet Union placed missiles in Cuba , they would have no choice but to attack Cuba or the USSR . If it had , it is likely none of us would be around today .
Presidents need latitude to make decisions affecting matters of national security and , until now , all presidents have been afforded it , as provided for in the United States Constitution . But , in the case of Iran , the cheerleaders for war are trying to change the rules . They are doing that because they understand that after almost a decade of war , the last thing Americans want is another one .
No president is going to ask Congress to declare war , or even to authorize it . Making war against Iran automatic would eliminate that problem . ( That is precisely Sen. Paul 's objection ; they believe that backing into war is unconstitutional . They recall the Gulf of Tonkin resolution of 1964 which led to ten years of war in Vietnam and 50,000 American dead without a declaration of war or even a specific authorization for war ) .
So why would the House vote for a resolution like this ? The main reason is AIPAC . It may be the only lobby pushing for war with Iran but it also , by far , the most powerful foreign policy lobby and also the one that sees to it that those who play ball with it are rewarded and those who do n't are punished .
The other reason is that the resolution is non-binding . Voting for it is good politics but does not affect policy .
Believing that is a mistake . An overwhelming vote for `` no containment '' may not tie the president 's hands legally , but it does go a long way to tying their hands politically . After all , Congress will be expressing its clear ( bipartisan ) intent . A president can not easily ignore that .
Moreover , the lobby is unlikely to stop with a non-binding resolution . Once the House and Senate have passed that , the lobby will look for an opportunity to make it binding . The goal is to take the president 's discretion away from them because this president is unlikely to choose war when there are other options available .
UNITED NATIONS — President Obama on Tuesday laid down a retooled blueprint for America 's role in the strife-torn Middle East , declaring that the United States would use all of its levers of power , including military force , to defend its interests , even as it accepted limits on its ability to influence events in Syria , Iran and other countries .
In a wide-ranging speech to the General Assembly that played off rapid-fire diplomatic developments but also sought to define what they called a “ hard-earned humility ” about American engagement after 12 years of war , Mr. Obama insisted that the United States still played an “ exceptional ” role on the world stage . Turning inward , they said , “ would create a vacuum of leadership that no other nation is ready to fill . ”
Mr. Obama embraced a diplomatic opening to Iran , saying they had instructed Secretary of State John Kerry to begin high-level negotiations on its nuclear program . They called on the Security Council to pass a resolution that would impose consequences on Syria if it failed to turn over its chemicals weapons .
And they delivered a pitch for peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians , talks that have restarted at the prodding of Mr. Kerry .
SMALL CROWD Turns Out to See Hillary Clinton at Temple University
Hillary Clinton traveled to Temple University on Monday to woo millennial voters .
37,788 students are enrolled at Temple .
Hillary had a hard time filling up the small room .
Despite holding their event on campus a “ relatively small crowd ” turned out to see them
Relatively small crowd for Hillary Clinton 's millennial speech at Temple , starting soon pic.twitter.com/L6chUgMyxU — Stefan Becket ( @ becket ) September 19 , 2016
Mitten Mall has room for a couple of hundred people .
RT anna_orso : At Temple 's Mitten Mall as they 're getting ready for Hillary . This place is… not large pic.twitter.com/l2yE7BFP6F — Vote Jill Over Hill ! ( @ ILoveBernie1 ) September 19 , 2016
It 's about 2 % the size of a Trump Rally .
This Hillary event at Temple U. is in a very small hall . Maybe 2 % the size of a Trump rally . pic.twitter.com/f5z7v1VGNH — Michael Grunwald ( @ MikeGrunwald ) September 19 , 2016
Look at this !
We 're at Temple University today—stay tuned for @ HillaryClinton and watch live at https : //t.co/fkuSfSQWol ! pic.twitter.com/bvQHT1BvEr — Hillary for PA ( @ HillaryforPA ) September 19 , 2016
Good morning . I 'm at Temple University today for a visit from Hillary Clinton . Just getting set up . pic.twitter.com/YLo1A3zfLi — Hayden Mitman ( @ HaydenMitman ) September 19 , 2016
McDonald 's
Six members of a religious cult have been arrested over the beating death of a woman at a McDonald 's restaurant in eastern China .
( Photo by Mike Mozart )
BEIJING -- Six members of a religious cult have been arrested over the beating death of a woman at a McDonald 's restaurant in eastern China , police said Saturday .
The accused , including four members of the same family , allegedly attacked the woman in the city of Zhaoyuan on Wednesday evening after they refused to tell them their phone number . Zhaoyuan police said on their microblog that the six belonged to a group calling itself the `` All-powerful spirit '' and had been collecting numbers in an effort to recruit new members .
Zhaoyuan is in Shandong province , a traditional hotbed for religious cults . The region gave birth to the violent anti-Christian Boxer movement that laid siege to Western interests in Beijing and elsewhere during the waning years of the Qing dynasty in 1900 .
State broadcaster CCTV said religious material had been found at a location linked to the sect but gave no further details . A clerk who answered the phone at Zhaoyuan police headquarters said no one was available to comment on the case .
All-powerful spirit , or `` Quannengshen '' in Chinese , was founded in the northeastern province of Heilongjiang in the early 1990s and later spread to the country 's eastern provinces , the newspaper Southern Metropolis Daily reported . It said the group promoted a philosophy based on a distorted reading of the Christian Bible and had been banned as an `` evil cult '' by the government in 1995 , although that could not be immediately confirmed .
Another paper , the Beijing Morning News , said 17 members of the group had been arrested in Beijing in December 2012 for harassing people in a public park with claims that the world was coming to an end .
China has struggled at times to control grassroots religious movements based on Christian or Buddhist ideology , most notably the Falungong meditation movement that attracted millions of adherents before being brutally repressed in 1999 .
Tuesdays with Tom ...
Stan Andrie hit a great golf shot .
But , more importantly , they were a man of their word .
Andrie , a North Muskegon resident and co-owner of Andrie , Inc. in Muskegon , was playing in a member-guest tournament on Friday at Point O ' Woods Country Club in Benton Harbor , a famous club where they are a member that still employs old-fashioned caddies .
When Andrie reached their final hole of the day , the 165-yard ninth hole , they asked 23-year-old caddy Dave Maxey of Dowagiac for their 6-iron .
“ I think you should hit a 5-iron , ” Andrie recalled Maxey saying .
Andrie replied :
“ If I get a hole-in-one , do you want a big tip or the car ? ” Andrie asked him , referring to the prize for an ace on that hole , a brand-new , black Jeep Wrangler 4x4 , valued at $ 26,500 .
Laughing , Maxey , a recent Michigan State University graduate , said they would choose the car because they needed a new one badly and had been driving the same car since high school .
No one was laughing a few minutes later . Andrie , playing partner Rich Parker of Ohio and Maxey were celebrating after Andrie launched their 5-iron just left of the pin , where it bounced to the right and then rolled into the cup .
“ Dave , you 've got yourself a car , ” Andrie recalled telling their stunned caddy . “ The look on their face was priceless . ”
Maxey , who estimates they have caddied 700 rounds during their nine years at Point O ' Woods , has never had one of their players make a hole-in-one . It was the second career ace for the 52-year-old Andrie , who had one 34 years ago when they were 18 .
Andrie 's generosity was lauded by fellow club members at the post-golf reception and the story of their promise and the subsequent “ caddy shock ” was written up in the local newspaper , The Herald-Palladium of Southwest Michigan .
“ I do n't think they originally thought I was going to actually give it to him , ” said Andrie , who has three college-age daughters of their own . “ But I stuck to my word . I was happy to do it . He 's a great kid . ”
One month away
Exactly one month from today , most of the area 's high school football teams will kick off another season , which , on paper , should be a lot of fun with many loaded Muskegon-area teams .
Among the big games on that first football Friday , Aug. 27 , are Oakridge at Muskegon Heights , Montague at Orchard View , Reeths-Puffer at Fruitport , Muskegon Catholic at Mona Shores and Spring Lake at Whitehall .
One game with plenty of statewide interest comes a day sooner , on Aug. 26 , when longtime power Muskegon travels to play at new powerhouse Macomb Dakota .
Quick hits
• It takes talent and luck to make the baseball playoffs . The Tigers have none of the latter , especially after Magglio Ordonez 's devastating broken ankle on Saturday night .
• Jack Roush let Jamie McMurray go last year and now McMurray , with a win at Daytona earlier this year and at the Brickyard on Sunday , is making Rough look like a fool .
• The bikes are coming back . Two weeks after Bike Time roared away , the National Pro Hillclimb is roaring in to Mount Garfield in Norton Shores on Sunday at 12:30 p.m .
Winderupper
Whaddya doing this Saturday ?
Had enough of festivals , golf scrambles and the beach ?
Then perhaps it 's time for roller derby .
The Skee Town Skirtz , Muskegon 's first and only flat-track roller derby team , has a home bout against the Fort Wayne Derby Girls at 8 p.m. at the Lakeshore Sports Centre , 4470 Airline . More information on the team and ticket costs is available at www.skeetownskirtz.com .
The team , which does not have another home bout until Sept. 11 , is creating quite a buzz around town and has moved to the bigger Lakeshore venue from its original home at Jumpin ' Jupiter . It 's a quasi-sport with a major attitude and those that love it believe in the roller derby motto :
“ Derby Girls Rock ! ”
E-mail : tkendra @ muskegonchronicle.com
The state Duma adopted in the third reading the amendment to law “ On national payment system ” , limiting the ability to send money transfers from individuals from Russia to other countries .
The document provides for the imposition of retaliatory measures undertaken by any country limit the activities on its territory of the Russian payment systems or operators of payment infrastructure services . This measure would effectively deprive this country of the ability to non-Bank remittances from Russia , including transfers using electronic money .
The law provides for the prohibition of departure transfers to citizens of countries introduced restrictive measures against Russian payment systems , except through the payment system , controlled by Russian business . Given the fact that the reason for the ban is just the restriction of the activities of such systems , sending money is actually blocked .
The first pass after the new law will be Ukraine , whose authorities in October 2016 , banned the work in its territory of six Russian payment system — “ Kolibri ” ( controlled by Sberbank ) , the “ Golden crown ” ( rnko “ Payment center ” ) , “ Unistream ” ( Bank “ Uniastrum ” ) , international money transfers “ Leader ” ( NCO JSC “ Leader ” ) , Anelik ( Bank “ Anelik RU ” ) and Blizko ( the Bank ) .
According to experts , from-for sanctions of the Ukrainian authorities , Russian companies lost market volume of about $ 1 billion a year . In the explanatory note to the adopted on March 21 by the state Duma the law States that it needs to eliminate the negative effects imposed by Ukraine sanctions .
“ The establishment of this prohibition has led to restriction of competition on the Russian market of payment services carried out in the form of cross-border transfers of funds without opening accounts in favor of foreign payment systems . Given this fact , it is proposed to limit the possibility of payment through foreign payment systems ” , — stated in the explanatory Memorandum .
According to the Central Bank , in 2015 the total amount of remittances sent from Russia via payment systems in Ukraine , amounted to approximately $ 988,5 million In 2016 , they declined to approximately $ 621,5 , that is , more than a third . In the fourth quarter of 2016 , after the introduction of the Ukrainian authorities ban the Russian payment systems , remittances have decreased compared to the previous quarter , less than 5 % — from $ 157 million to $ 150 million .
The Chairman of the Board of Directors of the payment system “ Leader ” Olga Vilkul said “ Vedomosti ” that the Ukrainian sanctions have forced customers to use the services of non-Russian systems .
“ In this situation , the national significant systems left behind in their own country ” , — said Vilkul .
After the introduction Kiev restrictions on the work of Russian payment systems the function of money transfer issued by Ukrainian banks on cards of MasterCard and Maestro introduced the social network “ Vkontakte ” . A similar service has appeared in the social network “ Odnoklassniki ” .
Source
Earlier today the CFTC held a sham hearing in which , among other things , the organization discussed position limits in PM speculation , because , you know , it 's the mom-and-pop speculators that destroy the precious metal market ( not JP Morgan or the New York Fed mind you ) . The hearing could not have come at a more opportune time . GATA has just broken a major story , in which a London metals trader-slash-whistleblower exposes JP Morgan 's silver price suppression/manipulation scheme . At this point none of this should be at all shocking , and the only thing that matters is when CFTC 's ex-Goldmanite Gary Gensler will be fired for allowing hundreds of billions of dollars to be sucked out of the PM market on behalf of such major market manipulating entities as JP Morgan and the New York Federal Reserve , for whom it transacts . Do n't worry - the answer to that rhetorical question is `` never '' , as it is the administration 's goal to make all the millionaires among the bulge bracket firms billionaires , via legalized theft from honest investors . Furthermore , if indeed the CFTC is complicit in these manipulative events , as GATA suggest , we hope our objective mainstream media readers enjoin GATA in seeking justice for this criminal breach of proper regulatory enforcement .
From GATA :
Additional Statement by Bill Murphy , Chairman
Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee
to the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Washington , D.C. , March 25 , 2010
On March 23 , 2010 , GATA Director Adrian Douglas was contacted by a whistleblower by the name of Andrew Maguire . Maguire is a metals trader in London . They have been told first-hand by traders working for JPMorganChase that JPMorganChase manipulates the precious metals markets , and they have bragged to how they make money doing so .
In November 2009 Maguire contacted the CFTC enforcement division to report this criminal activity . They described in detail the way JPMorgan Chase signals to the market its intention to take down the precious metals . Traders recognize these signals and make money shorting the metals alongside JPM . Maguire explained how there are routine market manipulations at the time of option expiry , non-farm payroll data releases , and COMEX contract rollover , as well as ad-hoc events .
On February 3 Maguire gave two days ' warning by e-mail to Eliud Ramirez , a senior investigator for the CFTC 's Enforcement Division , that the precious metals would be attacked upon the release of the non-farm payroll data on February 5 . On February 5 , as market events played out exactly as predicted , further e-mails were sent to Ramirez while the manipulation was in progress .
It would not be possible to predict such a market move unless the market was manipulated .
In an e-mail on February 5 Maguire wrote : `` It is common knowledge here in London among the metals traders that it is JPM 's intent to flush out and cover as many shorts as possible prior to any discussion in March about position limits . I feel sorry for all those not in this loop . A serious amount of money was made and lost today and in my opinion as a result of the CFTC 's allowing by your own definition an illegal concentrated and manipulative position to continue . ''
Expiry of the COMEX April call options is tomorrow , March 26 . There was large open interest in strikes from $ 1,100 to $ 1,150 in gold . As always happens month after month , HSBC and JPM sell short in large quantities to overwhelm all bids and make unsuspecting option holders lose their money . As predicted by GATA , the manipulation started on March 19 , when gold was trading at $ 1,126 . Last night it traded at $ 1,085 .
This is how much the gold cartel fears the CFTC 's enforcement division . They thumb their noses at you because in more than a decade of complaints and 18 months of a silver market manipulation investigation nothing has been done to stop them . And this is why JPM 's cocky and arrogant traders in London are able to brag that they manipulate the market .
This is an outrage and we are making available to the press the e-mails from Maguire wherein they warn of a manipulative event .
Additionally Maguire informed us that they have tape recordings of their telephone communications with the CFTC , which we are taking the appropriate legal steps to acquire .
* * *
From : Andrew Maguire
Sent : Tuesday , January 26 , 2010 12:51 PM
To : Ramirez , Eliud [ CFTC ]
Cc : Chilton , Bart [ CFTC ]
Subject : Silver today
Dear Mr. Ramirez :
I thought you might be interested in looking into the silver trading today . It was a good example of how a single seller , when they hold such a concentrated position in the very small silver market , can instigate a selloff at will .
These events trade to a regular pattern and we see orchestrated selling occur 100 % of the time at options expiry , contract rollover , non-farm payrolls ( no matter if the news is bullish or bearish ) , and in a lesser way at the daily silver fix . I have attached a small presentation to illustrate some of these events . I have included gold , as the same traders to a lesser extent hold a controlling position there too .
Please ignore the last few slides as they were part of a training session I was holding for new traders .
I brought to your attention during our meeting how we traders look for the `` signals '' they ( JPMorgan ) send just prior to a big move . I saw the first signals early in Asia in thin volume . As traders we profited from this information but that is not the point as I do not like to operate in a rigged market and what is in reality a crime in progress .
As an example , if you look at the trades just before the pit open today you will see around 1,500 contracts sell all at once where the bids were tiny by comparison in the fives and tens . This has the immediate effect of gaining $ 2,500 per contract on the short positions against the long holders , who lost that in moments and likely were stopped out . Perhaps look for yourselves into who was behind the trades at that time and note that within that 10-minute period 2,800 contracts hit all the bids to overcome them . This is hardly how a normal trader gets the best price when selling a commodity . Note silver instigated a rapid move lower in both precious metals .
This kind of trading can occur only when a market is being controlled by a single trading entity .
I have a lot of captured data illustrating just about every price takedown since JPMorgan took over the Bear Stearns short silver position .
I am sure you are in a better position to look into the exact details .
It is my wish just to bring more information to your attention to assist you in putting a stop to this criminal activity .
Kind regards ,
Andrew Maguire
* * *
From : Ramirez , Eliud [ CFTC ]
To : Andrew Maguire
Sent : Wednesday , January 27 , 2010 4:04 PM
Subject : RE : Silver today
Mr. Maguire ,
Thank you for this communication , and for taking the time to furnish the slides .
* * *
From : Andrew Maguire
To : Ramirez , Eliud [ CFTC ]
Cc : BChilton [ CFTC ]
Sent : Wednesday , February 03 , 2010 3:18 PM
Subject : Re : Silver today
Dear Mr. Ramirez ,
Thanks for your response .
Thought it may be helpful to your investigation if I gave you the heads-up for a manipulative event signaled for Friday , 5th Feb . The non-farm payrolls number will be announced at 8.30 ET . There will be one of two scenarios occurring , and both will result in silver ( and gold ) being taken down with a wave of short selling designed to take out obvious support levels and trip stops below . While I will no doubt be able to profit from this upcoming trade , it is an example of just how easy it is to manipulate a market if a concentrated position is allowed by a very small group of traders .
I sent you a slide of a couple of past examples of just how this will play out .
Scenario 1 . The news is bad ( employment is worse ) . This will have a bullish effect on gold and silver as the U.S. dollar weakens and the precious metals draw bids , spiking them higher . This will be sold into within a very short time ( 1-5 mins ) with thousands of new short contracts being added , overcoming any new bids and spiking the precious metals down hard , targeting key technical support levels .
Scenario 2 . The news is good ( employment is better than expected ) . This will result in a massive short position being instigated almost immediately with no move up . This will not initially be liquidation of long positions but will result in stops being triggered , again targeting key support levels .
Both scenarios will spell an attempt by the two main short holders to illegally drive the market down and reap very large profits . Locals such as myself will be `` invited '' on board , which will further add downward pressure .
The question I would expect you might ask is : Who is behind the sudden selling and is it the entity/entities holding a concentrated position ? How is it possible for me to know what will occur days before it will happen ?
Only if a market is manipulated could this possibly occur .
I would ask you watch the `` market depth '' live as this event occurs and tag who instigates the move . This would surly help you to pose questions to the parties involved .
This kind of `` not-for-profit selling '' will end badly and risks the integrity of the COMEX and OTC markets .
I am aware that physical buyers in large size are awaiting this event to scoop up as much `` discounted '' gold and silver as possible . These are sophisticated entities , mainly foreign , who know how to play the short sellers and turn this paper gold into real delivered physical .
Given that the OTC market ( where a lot of the selling occurs ) runs on a fractional reserve basis and is not backed up by 1-1 physical gold , this leveraged short selling , where ownership of each ounce of gold has multi claims , poses a very large risk .
I leave this with you , but if you need anything from me that might help you in your investigation I would be pleased to help .
Kind regards ,
Andrew T. Maguire
* * *
From : Andrew Maguire
To : Ramirez , Eliud [ CFTC ]
Sent : Friday , February 05 , 2010 2:11 PM
Subject : Fw : Silver today
If you get this in a timely manner , with silver at 15.330 post data , I would suggest you look at who is adding short contracts in the silver contract while gold still rises after NFP data . It is undoubtedly the concentrated short who has `` walked silver down '' since Wednesday , putting large blocks in the way of bids . This is clear manipulation as the long holders who have been liquidated are matched by new short selling as open interest is rising during the decline .
There should be no reason for this to be occurring other than controlling silver 's rise . There is an intent to drive silver through the 15 level stops before buying them back after flushing out the long holders .
Regards ,
Andrew
* * *
From : Andrew Maguire
To : Ramirez , Eliud [ CFTC ]
Cc : BChilton [ CFTC ] ; GGensler [ CFTC ]
Sent : Friday , February 05 , 2010 3:37 PM
Subject : Fw : Silver today
A final e-mail to confirm that the silver manipulation was a great success and played out EXACTLY to plan as predicted yesterday . How would this be possible if the silver market was not in the full control of the parties we discussed in our phone interview ? I have honored my commitment not to publicize our discussions .
I hope you took note of how and who added the short sales ( I certainly have a copy ) and I am certain you will find it is the same concentrated shorts who have been in full control since JPM took over the Bear Stearns position .
It is common knowledge here in London among the metals traders that it is JPM 's intent to flush out and cover as many shorts as possible prior to any discussion in March about position limits . I feel sorry for all those not in this loop . A serious amount of money was made and lost today and in my opinion as a result of the CFTC 's allowing by your own definition an illegal concentrated and manipulative position to continue .
Bart , you made reference to it at the energy meeting . Even if the level is in dispute , what is not disputed is that it exists . Surely some discussions should have taken place between the parties by now . Obviously they feel they can act with impunity .
If I can compile the data , then the CFTC should be able to too .
I would think this is an embarrassment to you as regulators .
Hoping to get your acknowledgement .
Kind regards ,
Andrew T. Maguire
* * *
From : Andrew Maguire
To : Ramirez , Eliud [ CFTC ]
Sent : Friday , February 05 , 2010 7:47 PM
Subject : Fw : Silver today
Just logging off here in London . Final note .
Now that gold is undergoing short covering , please look at market depth right now in silver and evidence the large selling blocks in a thin market being put in the way of silver regaining the technical 15 level , which would cause a short covering rally and new longs being instigated . This is resulting in the gold-silver ratio being stretched to ridiculous levels .
I hope this day has given you an example of how silver is `` managed '' and gives you something more to work with .
If this was long manipulation in , say , the energy market , the shoe would be on the other foot , I suspect .
Have a good weekend .
Andrew
* * *
From : Andrew Maguire
Sent : Tuesday , February 09 , 2010 8:24 AM
To : Ramirez , Eliud [ CFTC ]
Cc : Gensler , Gary ; Chilton , Bart [ CFTC ]
Subject : Fw : Silver today
Dear Mr. Ramirez ,
I had n't received any acknowledgement from you regarding the series of e-mails sent by me last week warning you of the planned market manipulation that would occur in silver and gold a full two days prior to the non-farm payrolls data release .
My objective was to give you something in advance to watch , log , and follow up in your market manipulation investigation .
You will note that the huge footprints left by the two concentrated large shorts were obvious and easily identifiable . You have the data .
The signals I identified ahead of the intended short selling event were clear .
The `` live '' action I sent you 41 minutes after the trigger event predicting the next imminent move also played out within minutes and exactly as I outlined .
Surely you must at least be somewhat mystified that a market move could be forecast with such accuracy if it was free trading .
All you have to do is identify the large seller and if it is the concentrated short shown in the bank participation report , bring them to task for market manipulation .
I have honored my commitment to assist you and keep any information we discuss private , however if you are going to ignore my information I will deem that commitment to have expired .
All I ask is that you acknowledge receipt of my information . The rest I leave in your good hands .
Respectfully yours ,
Andrew T. Maguire
* * *
From : Ramirez , Eliud
To : Andrew Maguire
Sent : Tuesday , February 09 , 2010 1:29 PM
Subject : RE : Silver today
Good afternoon , Mr. Maguire ,
I have received and reviewed your email communications . Thank you so very much for your observations .
A nurse checks Lucy , a Labrador Retriever , inside Taiwan 's first veterinary blood transfusion center at National Pingtung University of Science and Technology in Pingtung , Southern Taiwan July 5 , 2016 . Picture taken July 5 , 2016 . REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
PINGTUNG , Taiwan ( Reuters ) - Han-han , a former stray , has helped the lives of many other dogs by regularly donating at Taiwan 's first veterinary blood bank .
The five-year-old mixed breed was rewarded with steak by their owner after their latest donation at the Pingtung University of Technology and Science 's teaching animal hospital , which opened its doors to those with four paws on June 13 .
“ Just like when people donate blood , you do n't know who you are saving , but you are willing to do it , ” Han-han 's owner , Lin Hui-ching , said .
“ She probably also understands that they have saved a lot of dogs . ”
Donor dogs in Taiwan are allowed to give 250 ml of blood every three months , have to undergo health checks before each donation , must be at least five-years-old and weigh more than 20 kg ( 44 pounds ) .
Tsai Yi-lun , who is an assistant professor at the department of veterinary medicine and runs the program , hopes to extend the blood bank service to the whole of Taiwan , after being inspired by a similar center in Thailand .
A mobile blood donation station is also in the works and Tsai wants to also grow the service to cater for cats , other pets and livestock .
The latest University of Massachusetts poll has Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ben Carson in the lead , and shows former Florida Gov . Jeb Bush falling out of favor with voters .
If Donald Trump or Ben Carson wins the Republican nomination , at least 30 percent of voters in favor of either candidate will swing to the other 's side , the poll results , released Nov. 16 , found .
The poll found Trump in the lead with 31 percent , while Carson comes in second with 22 percent of votes . Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas garnered 13 percent , and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida 9 percent .
“ Trump and Carson continue to lead the way as they have for longer than many thought they would , but Cruz and Rubio are well positioned to take advantage if either or both of them falter , ” Brian Schaffner , director of the UMass Poll , said .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
Bush did not fare well in the poll .
When respondents were asked which candidate they would not be willing to support in their state 's primary , Bush had the most opposition with 50 percent stating they would not vote for him .
“ These are frightening numbers for Bush , ” Raymond La Raja , associate director of the UMass Poll , said . “ More than half of registered primary voters said they would not be willing to vote for them under any scenario . No other top-tier candidate faces this wall of unconvinced voters . Bush may think their campaign treasury will help them outlast other candidates , but that strategy seems implausible if voters do not list them as their second or third choice . ”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
“ This poll is more evidence of the anti-establishment mood in the Republican electorate — Republican voters seem strongly opposed to nominating another career Republican party leader , ” Schaffner added .
Given the 6.4 percent margin of error in the poll results , and the 3 percent of votes Bush received , Conservative Review concludes their actual support statistically may be closer to zero .
Although they are in the lead , there was bad news for Trump in the poll , too . Nearly 1 in 3 Republicans polled said they would not vote for him .
“ Trump appears to have flat-lined , ” La Raja said . “ He needs to knock out Carson and Cruz to move forward . But their persuadable voters are fewer than other insurgent candidates . At least one-third of Republican primary voters said they would not consider voting for him . ”
Trump and Carson were found to be the candidates most likely to win a general election campaign .
“ For supporters of Trump and Carson this is not just a protest vote , ” La Raja said . “ They actually think these candidates are best positioned to win the general election . That is fascinating given the weakness of their support among political elites and their total lack of government experience . ”
Sources : Conservative Review , University of Massachusetts / Photo credit : iprimages/Flickr
is very proud to announce the newest addition to the Team Vile Roster – SungYong “ vileYong ” Hong.Formerly from the progaming team ZeNEX , Yong will now be representing Vile Gaming.With much experience under their belt , and a very solid style , we believe that they are a perfect fit into the Vile Gaming Family.Andrew `` Atticus '' Lemenager , General Manager of Vile Gaming , had this to say about Yong :
We are all very excited to be adding Yong to our SC2 roster . Vile Gaming and its players have been showing incredible results in recent months , culminating with three players in the championship bracket at MLG Providence . With this addition , I 'm confident that we will keep this momentum into the next season . Today we gain both a great practice partner and a wonderful personality , and I 'm looking forward to seeing what they can do at a North American event .
Thank you to Jaewon `` Bunker '' Park for the translations .
Hello there Yong , nice to have you sit down with us . Please introduce yourself for those who do n't know you .
Hi My Name is SungYong Hong , I am 24 years old and I play Protoss . My fans know me as ZeNEXYong but now I am going to be vileYong !
When did you start playing Starcraft 2 and coming into it , did you always want to be a progamer ?
Hmm .. for starcraft2 , i started playing right after finishing the army and when I was n't going to school yet . I was able to play StarCraft 2 when open beta started in korea . When i was younger , I always had hopes and dreams of becoming a starcraft player but as of right now , i 'm not so sure . There is so much practice and dedication involved
Interesting , So what made you interested in playing Starcraft 2 ?
After the army , I was looking for something to do . Fighting and Space always interested me , and Starcraft 2 , was that for me . I thought it looked very fun and it would be very easy to be good at . Once I started playing I saw it as the complete opposite and very challenging
What made you say that ? Prior to SC2 , did you have a background at RTS Games ?
Somewhat .. before Starcraft 2 , I would play a lot of Sudden Attack ( fps game ) , Warcraft 3 , and Starcraft 1 . Not competitively though , just as a hobby . So I guess yes , but at the same time no .
So , Playing Starcraft 2 for a little over a year now , What would you say your biggest achievements thus far ?
For me , I think a great accomplishment for me would be playing in the GSL Season 1 and making it up to the round of 64 . Aside for that , I did win a TL Open 2nd place , and then winning 1st place on the TL Open after that one .
So , after being a part of the progaming team ZeNEX and being with them for a long time , What have you learned and experienced being a progamer ?
I learned alot . I learned how to mass practice like progamers do and that it takes alot of discipline and hard work . I am very thankful to have gone through that because It has improved my game so much from since I started playing .
How do you feel as a player coming from a proteam like ZeNEX and transitioning into a foreign team like Vile ?
I am very very excited , at first nervous because I thought that the language barrier would be a big issue , and have difficulties feeling comfortable , but with teammates like vileDdoRo who helps me , and the team using easy to understand words , I feel at home .
That 's great to hear . So what made you decide to sign with Vile and what do you like most about them ?
I became very familiar with Vile when I first came to North America Server and met DdoRo . We became very close friends and I would always run into a Vile Member in ladder and they were all very skilled . Naturally I became friends with everyone in the team . I liked how they were all very nice people and at the same time very skilled and practice hard . I enjoy my time with them so I decided to be teammates with them .
Awesome ! So now that you 've joined Vile , what would your fans be looking forward to ?
The fans can expect great performances from me , whether it be tournaments or any type of competition . Fans can also see me practice while I stream and I hope that my fans will support me .
Very good , So as we close this off , Do you have any last shoutouts , and words for your fans . In English please : D
^^ Thank you all my fans , I love you all very much . Thank you very much Team Vile and all players , together , Vile Fighting ! All my fans , please Cheer me~
Vile Gaming Current Roster
vileYong
vileDdoRo
vileSpanishiwa
vileHawk
vilePsY
vileChAnCe
vileSyNc
vileState
vileDomorin
vileiLLusion
vileHasHe
Terrence Horan/MarketWatch
Dear Moneyologist ,
My wife and I married in California in June 2014 , but two days after the ceremony they had to go back to take care of their ailing father in their home country who had terminal cancer . Weeks and months went by and , even after their father passed away , they did n't want to come back to me .
All of a sudden , they developed an aspiration to become a dentist in their home country . They studied hard , and unexpectedly passed their exams ( according to her ) and , despite my disagreement , enrolled in dental school in their country , which is a seven-year program .
I 've been as patient as I possibly can . I 've never cheated on them and tried to keep my spirits up as much as possible . Last August , in one of their three-week vacation visits , I filed for legal separation . I did n't want to be too aggressive by filing for divorce . I wanted to allow them a chance to reconsider and , if they did n't , protect my assets as well .
The legal separation never became official because they started showing signs of interest again to move here .
I 'm afraid of divorcing them because they might be entitled to half my assets . I would n't be surprised if they asked for spousal support . Deserted Husband in California
They finally moved here , almost two years after we got married but by then they seemed like a different person . As if we 've grown apart . They tell me themselves that she 's a different person prior to enrolling in dental school . I simply did not feel that this was an authentic marriage .
Now I 'm afraid of divorcing because they might be entitled to half my assets . I 'm a physician , even though she 's never lived here with me and has never helped me or been through with me “ thick and thin. ” Knowing her , I would n't be surprised if they asked for spousal support . However , I ca n't leave this subject untouched because the longer I wait , the more “ entitled ” the State might see them as , therefore the higher the risks I have in sharing my assets with them
What are my risks of needing to share my assets ? How can I avoid sharing any assets ? Any words of wisdom will help .
Deserted Husband in California
Dear Deserted ,
You 've been more patient than most people would have been in your situation . Your wife 's initial reason to go back to their home country was a legitimate one , but to stay there in order to start dental school seems cruel and unusual . It must have been difficult to comprehend how the same woman you married could be so callous as to leave you after two days and only come back for three-week vacations at a time . It 's not clear whether they married you for love , money or a Green Card . You need to consult a divorce lawyer , but I have a hunch that they will be out of luck on all three .
In California , spousal support typically lasts for one-half of the length of the marriage , but I do n't believe any divorce court will treat this as anything other than a marriage in name only . The Moneyologist
This could happen to any man or woman , and it has : They or they meet someone who seems genuine . They fall in love . They go through all of the actions that that entails , and then when the marriage contract is signed , everything changes . Perhaps they did think they were in love , did n't care about money or a Green Card , but at some point knew their heart was n't in it and simply did n't have the words to back out .
What does n't make sense here : Thus far , your wife still does n't seem to know or have the ability to say what they want . What 's more , they did n't even play the role of wife long enough for them to acquire a Green Card or stay with you long enough to warrant a sizable divorce settlement or even convince you of them love . My guess : You have to make the next move because you could be waiting months , even years , for them to do the right thing . ( My colleague Catey Hill and I host a weekly podcast Money , Markets & More . Last week we discussed the 10 most important financial decisions you will ever make . Chief among them is the person you will marry . )
The good news : It 's no longer your problem . The Moneyologist can see signs that you 're getting your moxie back . You 're right to follow your instincts . You have remained true to yourself . Do n't change now . Tell the immigration officials the truth : You married in 2014 and they left after two days ( with good reason ) but did n't come back . Tell your attorney the same thing . Some economists refer to the time we spend searching for a partner as “ romantic unemployment. ” You 've spent the equivalent of two years on welfare . It 's time for you to get back in the game .
California — along with Arizona , Idaho , Louisiana , Texas , Nevada , New Mexico and Washington — treat marital assets as community or marital property , meaning assets acquired during the marriage are divided equally , but you keep everything you had before . In California , spousal support typically lasts for one-half of the length of the marriage . One year , in this case . That said , your wife was not even in the country for most of that time . I do n't believe any divorce court in California will treat this as anything other than a marriage that existed in name only .
You have every reason to file for divorce now and put yourself first . You deserve to be happy and to meet someone who treats you well . It 's time to embark on the next chapter of your life .
Do you have questions about inheritance , tipping , weddings , family feuds , friends or any tricky issues relating to manners and money ? Send them to MarketWatch 's Moneyologist and please include the state where you live ( no full names will be used ) .
Would you like to sign up to an email alert when a new Moneyologist column has been published ? If so , click on this link .
( This story was republished . )
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox . Subscribe to MarketWatch 's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter . Sign up here .
they frontier could mark the faultline of a new conflict in Iraq once the extremists are defeated .
MAKHMUR , IRAQ // The sand berms and trenches that snake across northern Iraq stretch toward Syria , some accompanied by newly paved roads lit by street lamps and sprawling checkpoints decked with Kurdish flags .
The fighters here insist it is n't the border of a newly independent state – but in the chaos of Iraq that could change .
Construction began in 2014 , when this marked the front line between US-backed Kurdish peshmerga forces and ISIL , which had swept across northern Iraq that summer , routing the army and threatening the Kurdish autonomous region .
Since then , a more permanent boundary has taken shape as Kurdish aspirations for outright independence have grown . The frontier could mark the faultline of a new conflict in Iraq once the extremists are defeated . A similar process is underway in Syria , where Syrian Kurdish forces have seized large areas of land from ISIL .
“ It was our front line , now it 's our border , and we will stay forever , ” said peshmerga commander and business magnate Sirwan Barzani . They are among a growing number of Kurdish leaders , including their uncle , the Kurdish region 's President Massoud Barzani , who say that lands taken from ISIL will remain in Kurdish hands .
The Kurds have been at loggerheads with the Baghdad government over the so-called disputed territories – lands stretching across northern and eastern Iraq – since the 2003 US-led invasion . Article 140 of the Iraqi constitution says their fate should be decided by a referendum , but such a vote has yet to be held , and as the Iraqi army collapsed in 2014 , the Kurds moved in .
They took control of the long-disputed northern city of Kirkuk that summer , ostensibly to protect it from ISIL . Since then , with the aid of US-led air strikes , the Kurds have taken territory equivalent to 50 per cent of their recognised autonomous region .
“ After the defeat of ISIL , Sunnis will dispute the Kurdish claims , the Shiites in Baghdad will dispute both the Sunni claims and the Kurdish claims , and the possibility of conflict there is real , ” said Anwar Anaid , dean of social sciences at the University of Kurdistan Hewler .
“ What happens on the ground depends on the circumstances . There is a real Kurdish wish to go for independence . ”
Peshmerga commander Aref Taymour said that once ISIL is driven from the northern city of Mosul , the Kurds will negotiate a new border with Baghdad . But they added that “ lands that have been liberated by blood , we have no intention to give them back to the federal government ” .
Another Kurdish official , Dishad Mawlod , was even more direct , describing the fortifications as the “ future borders of Kurdistan ” .
“ We 're not violating any international laws , nor are we occupying anyone 's land , ” they said .
Mr Barzani , the regional president 's nephew , said the Kurds no longer trust the Iraqi army to defend the country , after it lost nearly a third of it to ISIL two and a half years ago .
“ Of course there will be another Daesh , ” they said .
“ None of the internal Iraqi issues have been resolved , ” they added , saying the Kurds “ will be ready ” .
In the meantime , they hope for talks on independence as early as next year .
“ It 's a bad marriage , let 's get a divorce , ” they said .
The Baghdad government is staunchly opposed to Kurdish independence , and prime minister Haider Al Abadi said they expect the Kurds to abide by an agreement that they withdraw from areas captured since the start of the Mosul operation in October .
“ Some Kurdish politicians are saying otherwise . But they are not responsible people and they are not controlling events on the ground , ” Mr Al Abadi said last week .
The two sides have set the dispute aside as they work together to drive ISIL from Mosul , Iraq 's second largest city , but the construction along the frontier is continuing . On one road south of Mosul , peshmerga fighters were building cinderblock stairways leading to offices in trailers , as guard posts were being set up further along the line .
Aware of the sensitivities , Iraqi soldiers and Kurdish fighters stationed along the frontier are reluctant to speak about the matter .
“ You ca n't take pictures , and whatever you do , do n't call this a border ! ” a peshmerga fighter said as they came sauntering out of a checkpoint complex along the frontier . They refused to give theirs name .
At a nearby army position , Iraqi soldier Hussein Jassem acknowledged that “ there is a border between us and the peshmerga ” but declined to comment further .
* Associated Press
Taxi license prices dive 12 percent under Uber shadow
Hong Kong taxi licenses have fallen to HK $ 6.4 million ( US $ 825,802 ) , down nearly 12 percent from their peak in May .
Taxi groups are blaming the fall on ride-hailing company Uber , which has rattled the industry since it entered the market more than a year ago , am730 reports .
The situation is being exacerbated by uncertainty over government policy , a taxi company manager said .
“ We still do n't know the government 's attitude on this issue and the uncertainty is continuing , ” Chan Cho-kin , manager of Golden Way Motors , said .
“ Some owners have decided to underweight their holding . ”
The price of a taxi license hit HK $ 7.25 million in May and has fallen steadily , according to figures from transaction website taxichange.com .
Uber has triggered a dispute over its status in Hong Kong but the government has yet to rule whether its business is legal .
Chan said the uncertainty is affecting the stock market and causing panic selling of taxi licenses .
They said it happened when the Hang Seng Index lost 1,000 points in a single day .
“ The transaction volume jumped 20 percent on that day . The lowest price for a taxi license was HK $ 6.4 million , ” Chan said .
Economist Andy Kwan expects taxi permits to drop another HK $ 1 million to HK $ 1.5 million if Uber is legalized .
Chinese University of Hong Kong professor Leo Sin said taxi license prices have been climbing since the government stopped issuing new permits in 1998 .
Red ( city ) taxi license prices have doubled from HK $ 3.32 million since the 2008 financial crisis , they said .
But Uber and other car-hailing operators have changed the market .
“ Passengers now know that taxis are not the only choice , ” Sin said .
– Contact us at [ email protected ]
BT/AC/RA
Dimmsdale is the main city in the `` Fairly OddParents '' universe that provides the central setting for the Nickelodeon animated series The Fairly OddParents . It is located in California , although its exact geographical location in the state differs in certain episodes .
Contents show ]
Information
It is often mentioned as an average metropolitan complex in the suburbs where Timmy lives . In The Jimmy Timmy Power Hour 3 : The Jerkinators , it is revealed that Dimmsdale has a population of 170,200 ; quite a large population for such a small-looking city , although many episodes depict Dimmsdale being a much larger and urbanized city with many skyscrapers .
A common misconception is that Dimmsdale is named after Doug Dimmadome , owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome . However , in one episode , it is revealed that the city was named after Dale Dimm , a village idiot in the towns early history . Dimmsdale is anachronistically portrayed as a New England style puritan colony town in the episode Dale Dimm is featured in , `` Which Witch Is Which ? `` .
A lot of the residents are somewhat dimwitted , as many of them jump to conclusions very quickly , and also do n't read all the fine print of documents ( as revealed when The mayor says that they are their mayor-for-life , and no one knew that when they voted ) .
In Vicky Loses Them Icky , the Mayor of Dimmsdale opened the `` Welcome to Dimmsdale - The Nicest Town on Earth ! '' sign . However at the end of the episode , the president of the USA changes the word nicest to the meanest due to what Vicky did and Timmy ordering the security to arrest Vicky . The sign reappears in A Fairly Odd Movie : Grow Up , Timmy Turner ! , but it appeared as it was before the president changed the sign , suggesting that Dimmsdale was able to prove to the president that Dimmsdale was a nice town and they allowed them to change it back to normal .
Some places , like the Dimmsdale Dimmadome ( local arena ) are in Downtown . Dimmsdale is in California as revealed in `` Christmas Every Day '' and `` Fairy Idol '' .
History
Dimmsdale was founded in 1665 by pioneers that were going to name their town Bitterburg , after Alden Bitterroot . However , when their secret was revealed , that they were indeed a witch , Dale Dimm stopped them and saved the town . In their honor , they renamed the town Daleburg , but a time-traveling Timmy Turner recommended that it be called Dimmsdale and they complied with that idea .
Location
The city is located in California , although its exact location in the state differs from each episode . Some maps show it in the northern part of the state and in-land approximately near Redding , but Dimmsdale is located on the coast and has shorter snowstorms in the winter .
Interestingly , earlier episodes depict Dimmsdale as being somewhere in North Eastern part of the United States .
Different Versions of Dimmsdale
Points of Interest
Trivia
The city 's name , Dimmsdale , may be a reference to the Reverend Master Dimmesdale from Nathaniel Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter .
. There is a possible contradiction between Christmas Every Day and Fairy Idol concerning the location of Dimmsdale : in the former episode , Dimmsdale is shown to be in Northern California and in Fairy Idol , it is shown to be in Southern California ; however , considering that the four regular seasons including some very rough winters are seen , Dimmsdale is likely in Northern California . Oddly enough Dimmsdale was found in 1665 . By that time California was neither under Spanish rule , nor under American rule .
Like in Springfield from The Simpsons , Dimmsdale 's real location in California is unknown .
, Dimmsdale 's real location in California is unknown . The Dimmsdale sign is a parody of the Hollywood sign .
The geography of Dimmsdale roughly resembles the Los Angeles metropolitan area . Downtown is located in the central area of the city , which is where Downtown LA is , south of Dimmsdale is more residential areas , which would be South Los Angeles , South Bay ( Torrance ) , Gateway Cities , and Orange County . In fact , there are mountains north of Downtown Dimmsdale , which may allude to the San Bernardino Mountains in Southern California , which are north of Los Angeles County .
It was bedtime in the Flynn household but the kids were wide awake , excited by the arrival of CNN reporters to their colorful , crowded Kentucky home . The entry is crammed with bunk beds on one side and , separated by a bookshelf , a makeshift den with a desk and computer on the other .
Grandparents Sandra and Michael Flynn lovingly call their home “ the Zoo ” and each has said , with all the kids and commotion , “ It 's impossible to be quiet in the zoo . ”
Nanny and Poppy , as they 're called , have raised two generations of children here , their own and now their five grandkids : 16-year old Willa , 10-year old Dallas , 7-year old Sarah and 6-year old twins Megan and Morgan .
“ She 's the loving one , ” said Michael Flynn pointing to Megan who has curled up on the couch in purple pajamas , their arms around my waist . Them sister Morgan , in similar pajamas , is navigating the crowd carrying a faded laundry basket filled with their favorite stuffed animals .
First-grader Sarah leans over the armrest . Them thoughts flow rapid fire , quick and sharp , as they dig out a journal and starts to write . Dallas , who Poppy calls a “ computer whiz , ” tosses a football in the air , clutching it to their side like they are about to run . As the only boy , they are outnumbered . Willa shows me a scrapbook filled with faded baby photos taken before their father died of heart attack in 2010 , before their mom started using heroin . It is clearly their most precious possession .
The children have lived with their grandparents for six years since April 23 , 2011 , right around the time the twins were born .
“ They were born addicted , ” said Sandra . “ The state came in and said ( their mom ) could not care for them anymore , and they asked if we would take all five and we said , ‘ Of course . ' I did n't think this was real . I thought this was all just a big mistake , but we took all the kids and we have had them ever since . ”
The Flynns were retired at the time and planning to sell their house and move to Florida . Once the grandkids came the plans changed . Their savings disappeared . They live off Social Security and part-time work . They never moved .
Growing up parentless
Experts point to the heroin and opioid epidemic over the last decade for the rising number of children orphaned and/or essentially abandoned by their parents .
Across America , 2.7 million grandparents and other relatives are raising grandchildren . Another 430,000 are in foster care according to the 2015 Census . Exact figures correlating the rise in heroin use with the increase in children being cared for by someone other than a parent are hard to pin down . Anecdotally , however , school administrators in Kentucky say they have seen more and more grandparents or other relatives seeking social services and counseling for children whose parents can no longer care for them as a direct result of heroin or opioid addiction .
According to Kentucky Youth Advocates , the state has the highest rate of “ kinship care ” in the country . An estimated 60,000 children there live with a grandparent or blood relative . Another 8,200 are in foster care .
Mary Jo Dendy coordinates social services for grandparents and families in Lexington , Kentucky . They believe the number of relatives taking care of kids is probably even higher , because many do not apply for any services at all .
Dendy said the psychological impact of this trend is devastating for kids . “ Sometimes the parent has OD 'd , sometimes the parent is in prison or they 're just gone and the kids do n't know where they are . It 's a deep sense of loss , that yearning for a relationship with their parent , ” they said .
The last time Willa saw their mom was five years ago when they were 10 . Them mom served time in jail , then disappeared . They recently surfaced trying to “ friend ” Willa on Facebook and Snapchat .
The Flynns , who have permanent custody of their five grandchildren , are fearful Willa will regress and get pulled back into what they call their mom 's world of secrets and lies . The three youngest siblings were so young when they were taken away they have virtually no memories of their mom .
But Dallas , falls somewhere in the middle . They were just five years old at the time , neglected and still in diapers . “ His hind end was blistered raw ” when they first arrived , said Poppy .
Dallas listened intently as their grandparents described their absent mom and missing childhood . Despite their best efforts not to cry , the tears fall gently down their cheeks .
Sandra kneeled down and spoke softly , their arms around their grandson as they tried to coax away their pain . No matter how much love they give their grandchildren , Sandra said , “ There 's always going to be a want , a need , something they did n't get from mom . ”
“ Do you feel it 's unfair ? ” I asked Willa , who is in the 10th grade .
“ I learn to accept it , you know… ” said Willa , their voice catching and then trailing off .
“ I think it 's unfair . I think it 's very unfair , ” said their grandmother .
The Flynns are now working with the court to arrange strict , supervised visits between their daughter on the condition that they pass their drug tests . Two of their children are curious to meet them
Sarah has a vague memory of their mother 's blond hair and wants to see how long it is . Dallas has asked to play a single game of “ Operation ” with their mother as long as their grandmother is in the room . Both children are in counseling to prepare for the visit .
As for their mom , because of their struggle with heroin and the possibility they could vanish from their lives at any moment , “ she will never have unsupervised visits , ” said Sandra . “ We have worked too hard to get the kids in a good place . ”
Designed to be a reflection of Sir Richard Brandon 's Necker Island resort , the Necker Belle is a breathtaking catamaran , offered for private charter through Virgin Limited Edition . It 's a marine heaven based at the Necker Island and one of the very few luxury sailing catamarans in the world .
The British billionaire bought this yacht back in 2006 and three years later this beautiful catamaran was completely rebuilt by Azzura Yachts in Australia . Two years ago , in 2013 , Necker Belle received other state of the art upgrades , including two new main engines , generators , new trampolines and new sails .
That 's why this fabulous yacht was a finalist at the World Superyacht Awards for the “ Best Refitted Yacht ” . The yacht itself is like a mobile version of the Necker Island – a luxurious sea retreat that can accommodate up to 12 guests in four amazing rooms , a master suite , a double cabin and two twin cabins , all equipped with en suite shower rooms , flat screen TVs , iPod docking stations and featuring a tasteful interior design .
This exceptional catamaran also has several dining and relaxation areas , all decorated with maple and bamboo pieces and an area of the main saloon can be converted to sleep two more people , with a privacy screen , a separate toilet and shower .
Necker Belle also comes with a professional crew of 7 people and a couple of water toys that are just perfect for outdoor fun . The most extraordinary is the £415,000 underwater exploration toy , the Necker Nymph , which is actually the world 's first fully submersible aero submarine . Two passengers can explore the beautiful marine life from the Caribbean waters alongside a trained pilot for one or two hours with this amazing underwater plane .
The Necker Belle experience will cost you a minimum of $ 88,000 ( £55,000 ) for seven nights on the luxury catamaran , plus $ 25,000 a week ( £15,000 ) for the Necker Nymph , and will come with a professional chef and exquisite wines , beers and champagne included .
That 's a fair price to pay if you want to feel like Sir Richard Branson for a week .
Crewman Lost as Sub Sinks Tug Off Coast
The Houston , a fast-attack submarine based in San Diego , this week was to assist in the filming of `` The Hunt for Red October , '' a tale of a Soviet submarine commander 's defection to the United States , said Lt. Sonja Hedley , a spokesperson for the Naval Submarine Base at San Diego .
Two other Barcona crewmen jumped into the fog-shrouded sea and managed to swim to one of two empty barges that their tug had been towing . Later , the survivors told investigators about their terror when their 97-ton , 73-foot tug was jolted backward and sunk by what seemed an unknown , invisible force .
One crewman of the tugboat Barcona was missing and presumed dead late Wednesday , despite a daylong search that involved four Coast Guard vessels , two helicopters and the Houston -- the submarine involved in the accident .
A nuclear-powered Navy submarine involved in the making of the film `` The Hunt for Red October '' accidentally sank a tugboat early Wednesday when it snagged the vessel 's tow cable and yanked the boat underwater about 10 miles southwest of Long Beach .
`` But this incident had absolutely nothing to do with Hollywood or with the filming , '' Hedley emphasized .
Navy officials said the submarine was not damaged .
Hours after the accident , a foul odor began to invade the beaches of Huntington Beach and as far inland as Garden Grove . Huntington Beach lifeguards and local fire officials said they suspect that the smell is related to the sunken tug .
But Coast Guard officials said that is not the likely cause .
`` It 's kind of a paint thinner , diesel fuel kind of smell , '' said Matt Karl , a Huntington Beach lifeguard . `` We can smell it all up and down the beach , all three miles of it . But I have n't seen any kind of oil slick . ''
Huntington Beach fire officials are advising people reporting the fumes to stay indoors .
The movie 's shooting had been planned for later in the day . But there were no actors or film crew present when the accident occurred .
Hedley said the Houston was submerged when it caught the tow cable linking the Barcona with the barges about 4:45 a.m. Navy officials refused to disclose the submarine 's depth , speed , whether it was in descent when the accident occurred or whether its sensors should have detected the Barcona 's 1,000-foot steel cable .
Hedley said that the accident will be investigated by the Coast Guard and Navy and that no further details will be released until the investigation is completed .
The sinking was described in an interview by Cmdr . Donald Parsons , chief of investigations for the Coast Guard 's Los Angeles-Long Beach group , and in a press conference by Ralph Larison , president of Connolly-Pacific Co. , a marine construction firm that owns the tugboat and employs the crew .
Both had spoken with the survivors , Barcona captain Mike Link , 37 , of Norco and deckhand Daniel Rodriguez , 37 , of San Pedro .
Bryan Ballanger , 32 , married and the father of two children , was last seen going below deck to check on the Barcona 's engines , moments before the boat went under in 2,500-foot-deep waters .
Ballanger was piloting the vessel through a thick fog at about six knots , while Link and Rodriguez were asleep below deck , when the accident occurred .
Designers are always on the lookout for ideas to spark their creative mind . And , for many , words of wisdom from their favourite artists , family members , friends , celebrities , etc , provide that inspiration .
This was certainly the case for Malaysia-based graphic designer Tang Yau Hoong , who recently developed the Quote Illustration project - a series of posters featuring popular quotes . With a brilliant ability to cleverly incorporate negative space into their works , Hoong redrew some old illustrations in order to match the style they were looking for .
Each quote is cleverly interpreted through simple illustrations and well-chosen typography , many of which are quite deceptive upon first glance . Our favourite example is Hoong 's illustration of Steve Jobs ' famous saying 'Stay Hungry , Stay Foolish ' , which they depict through the use of two half eaten apples next to each other . It 's not immediately obvious , but on closer inspection you notice the negative space between the fruit form the shape of Jobs ' silhouette . Genius .
You can see the full Quote Illustration project and purchase them as prints here .
Like this ? Read these !
Illustrator tutorials : amazing ideas to try today !
Free Photoshop actions to create stunning effects
Download the best free fonts
Have you seen any awesome examples of inspirational quotes ? Let us know in the comments below ...
Paul Mason sits in their two-up , two-down terraced house in south London while a newly arrived wheaten terrier , Lottie , still getting used to visitors , slumbers in a pen on a sultry afternoon .
Mason , the outspoken economics editor of Channel 4 News , is readying to return to Greece , the land whose fortunes , or otherwise , they have charted at length . For some its experience marks the end of Europe 's single currency . But Mason believes the crisis facing capitalism does not stop at Greek overspending and maladministration – or , indeed , at an Irish banking crisis caused by property debt .
In their new book , Postcapitalism : A Guide to Our Future , Mason 's thesis is this : neoliberalism , the economic doctrine that has dominated the world since the fall of the Berlin Wall , has run its course , or soon will .
“ The future of neoliberalism is low wages . In the next 30 years 40 to 50 per cent of all jobs will disappear and be automated – retail and office administration , firstly , ” they say . Even higher-skill jobs are being simplified or eradicated . “ My job in television has been surrounded by less and less skilled people the more sound and editing have been automated . ”
The cause is the information-technology revolution . “ There are no circumstances in which that technology creates more jobs . It is the first time that a technology has not done that . A hundred years ago , yes , lots of jobs were automated . Yes , you got a production line ; the agricultural workforce were decimated , but new jobs were created that needed higher skills , ” they say .
“ John Maynard Keynes in the 1920s said that once you have abundance you do n't have economics . I am not the first to argue that IT is creating a dynamic of cheapness , freeness and shareness – and cheap , free and shared forms of producing are things that mainstream economics has not got its head around .
“ But I am one of the first to say that this is totally related to the crisis that we are living through , that the stagnation , the failure of a new industrial revolution to take off , is basically down to the fact that neoliberalism was not the springboard for a new industrial revolution but turns out to be a dead end . ”
“ Bullshit jobs ”
The crisis awaiting capitalism dwarfs even current challenges , Mason says , quoting a disciple of the system , the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development . Ageing societies will be unable to service national debt , they believe , and tax-raising powers will wither in the face of automation . Inequality , even in Scandinavia , will grow dramatically .
“ The OECD 's economists were too polite to say it , so let 's spell it out : for the developed world the best of capitalism is behind us , and for the rest it will be over in our lifetime , ” they write in their book .
Matters can end in one of two ways : “ In the first scenario , the global elite clings on , imposing the cost of the crisis on to workers , pensioners and the poor over the next 10 or 20 years. ” If this happens the enforcers of globalisation , as they see them – the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank and the World Trade Organisation – will survive , but much weakened . “ The cost of saving globalisation is borne by the ordinary people of the developed world . But growth stagnates . ”
“ Globalisation falls apart ”
“ Globalisation falls apart , the global institutions become powerless and , in the process , the conflicts that have burned these past 20 years – drug wars , post-Soviet nationalism , jihadism , uncontrolled migration and resistance to it – light a fire at the centre of the system .
“ In this scenario lip service to international law evaporates ; torture , censorship , arbitrary detention and mass surveillance become the regular tools of statecraft . This is a variant of what happened in the 1930s , and there is no guarantee it can not happen again . ”
And this is before the political , economic and social costs of global warming , ageing societies and rapid population growth are counted . “ If we ca n't create a sustainable global order and restore economic dynamism , the decades after 2050 will be chaos , ” Mason says .
But the future is as yet unwritten . Capitalism is bust , they argue , but post-capitalism could thrive , offering shaded groves of adequate incomes , co-operation , sharing .
One key will be a basic income for everybody – £120 a week in the UK , similar to its maximum state pension – to help people “ volunteer , set up co-ops , edit Wikipedia , learn how to use 3D design software , make a late entry or early exit from working life , switch more easily in and out of high-intensity , stressful jobs . ”
The idea is not new . The left and right have both , at different times , embraced it , but it would double the welfare bill – “ a significant claim on resources ” , they admit .
People would be free to do other work . “ The ultimate aim is to reduce to a minimum the hours it takes to produce what humanity needs , ” Mason writes .
In turn the world of finance would change : central bankers would be democratically elected and told to follow sustainability targets . Society would be served by the economy , not the other way around .
Crippling national debts would wither in the face of higher inflation ; banks ' profits would be capped ; accountants would be jailed for even suggesting tax evasion . Offshore financial havens would be destroyed ; the companies using them would be told to return to their home bases “ or be treated as the financial equivalent of al-Qaeda ” .
The richest 1 per cent would fight to protect their power , even though , Mason says , they recognise that capitalism 's days are numbered . “ But there is good news . The 99 per cent are coming to the rescue . Post-capitalism will set you free . ”
Postcapitalism : A Guide to Our Future is published by Allen Lane
Updated : 10/15/2018 | October 15th , 2018
As much as I love hostels and other forms of cheap accommodation , there is something nice about the luxuriousness of a hotel : the clean room , comfy bed , desk , iron , strong shower , and bottled soap for the taking ( errr…I mean borrowing ) . They are quiet , relaxing , and a respite from the world .
But luxury comes at a price . Hotels certainly are n't cheap , and I hate spending money on a room I am only going to be in for a few hours . After all , it 's just a place to sleep ( and take soap ) . It 's why I mostly avoid hotels — I do n't think they are a good use of money . I would much rather stay in a hostel or Airbnb , which cost less , have more social interaction , and do n't make you feel as removed from the destination you 're staying at . I always feel hotels are so isolating like a concrete bubble keeping out the place you 're visiting .
But there are times when a hotel ca n't be avoided . Hostels are n't everywhere , booking a last minute hotel room is easier than finding an Airbnb host , and sometimes you just really need a nice bed and shower . Plus , I have a ton of points so free is worth the isolation .
A few years ago , I was traveling to conferences and other work-related events a lot and staying in a bunch of hotels . I decided to see if I could find the best hotel booking site on the web . I picked a bunch of cities and searched six booking websites — Expedia , Hotels.com , Booking.com , Hotwire , Priceline , and TravelPony — in 2- , 3- , and 4-star categories .
The conclusion ? Well , there was n't really a great conclusion .
The overall numbers showed that some sites were stronger in certain regions or for certain classes of hotel . TravelPony was the winner in the US and for higher-class hotels , and Expedia dominated London and Paris , while Priceline was great for 2-star hotels and Hotwire for 3-star hotels . The big loser ? Booking.com .
But that was in 2014 , and booking websites and options have changed a lot since then . The only constant in travel is that nothing is constant — and a booking website is as only good as its inventory , which , as someone who now owns a hostel that 's not listed in every booking engine , I can tell you vary widely .
So I decided to do another search to try to find the best site to book a hotel in 2018 . This time I searched Expedia , Hotels.com , Booking.com , Agoda , and Priceline for prices in London , New York , Paris , Bangkok , Buenos Aires , and Berlin . I searched on July 3rd for space later that week and then one month later during the weekday and weekend ( prices and availability change on the weekend ) .
The Best Hotel Booking Website
The results of all that ?
Well , the complete opposite of the previous results . Back in 2014 , Booking.com was terrible , TravelPony showed promise , and Agoda was only good in Asia .
This time the best hotel booking website was Booking.com . Though it did n't return the largest number of total places , Booking.com returned the largest number of cheap places – and that 's the most important thing . I found the best deals and largest variety in all the destinations I searched for on Booking . For example , in my September search in Paris , it listed over 2,300 results , including 250 2-star listings and 750-star listings ( and it told me the place was over 60 % booked when I searched ) . Agoda still had the best results in Asia ( it returned 2,900 results in Bangkok compared to 2,500 for Booking ) but had definitely expanded their listings around the world – it roughly tied Booking in Paris , Buenos Aires , and Sydney for overall listings , though they had fewer budget listings than Booking .
The second best hotel booking website was Agoda , which had a lot of results , though it 's strong suit is still in Asia .
And all those other major hotel booking sites ? Well , Orbitz and Travelocity are part of Expedia and use the same database , and while they turned back a large number of results , they tilted more to the higher end of the price spectrum . And websites like Priceline and Hotwire have top-notch blind booking and bidding options that can get you a very cheap hotel ( in the star category and area you want ) . Sometimes prices are up to 40 % off . The downside ? You do n't get to know the name of the hotel you 're staying in until after you have paid .
There are a lot of hotel booking websites and I 've tried many over the last few years as I 've started to book hotels more and more , but this test just proved what I already thought :
The best hotel booking website is Booking.com and Agoda is the second best hotel booking websits on the web . They the cheapest prices over and over again . If you search these two companies , you 'll always find the best hotel bargains in the 1 , 2m or 3-star category .
Note : Years ago , I said to skip Trivago because I found it misleading : when you went to the other sites to compare results , the hotel classes and prices were different . I found the same thing this time . I clicked over to their cheapest deals , then did the search on the website they took me to only find out that the place Trivago listed was n't even in the same class I wanted — and there were better options on the redirected website . In short , I would still skip Trivago .
How to book cheap hotels
Besides using the right hotel booking sites , there are some hacks you can use to score the cheapest room rate possible for your next trip :
Contact the hotel websites directly – If you 're booking a big-name , global-brand hotel ( think Hyatt , Marriott , Hilton , etc . ) , book directly with that hotel . They often have the best deals on their website , but if you find a better deal elsewhere , they 'll match it . The big benefit to direct bookings at these global hotel chains is that you only earn loyalty points and status when you book directly , so if you love points , do n't book their rooms elsewhere .
Bargain – Want a better deal ? Call up a hotel and ask for one . Sometimes they can give you better rates , especially if it 's during mid-week on some non-peak time of the year .
Use loyalty reward programs – The best way to stay for cheap is to stay for free . Collect points with the big chains by using their branded credit cards , shopping portals , and other travel hacking methods .
Use discount rates like AAA or AARP – If you are part of the AARP or AAA you can get special rates that are cheaper . Fun fact : Anyone can join the AARP . I 'm a member . They have amazing travel benefits ( including deals on hotels and British Airways flights ) . It 's well worth the membership .
Get discounted gift cards – You can book major hotel chains with hotel gift cards . Check out a website like Giftcardgranny.com for discounted gift cards and use it to book your hotel . ( Gift card purchases also count toward point earnings and status . )
Buy someone else 's reservation with Roomer – Often people ca n't go on a trip and ca n't cancel the reservation , so rather than lose the money , hotels put these rooms on Roomer , where they sell it at a discount to earn some money back . I 've never used this website , but I 've heard decent things about it . It 's worth a try .
* * *
Hotel pricing is a lot more set than airline pricing and tends to fluctuate less . I would n't spend hours searching hotel websites or days tracking prices like people do with airline prices . I 'd spend , at the most , 30 minutes on booking a hotel . I found that the variation between sites is n't enough to justify the time spent using multiple websites and spending hours trying to find the best rate . Your time is worth more than that .
Just follow the steps above to get a cheap hotel by using my favorite ( and what have been shown to be the best ) hotel booking websites listed here so you get a good deal and enjoy your trip quicker .
No fuss , no muss !
Travel Hack Your Way to Free Travel ! Stop paying full price ! Download our free guide to travel hacking and learn : How To Earn Miles for Free Flights & Hotels
How To Pick a Credit Card
Is Travel Hacking Really a Scam ? Download our free guide to travel hacking and learn : GET THE FREE GUIDE
I did n't actually think I was going to get a gift . This was my first SS , my gift was marked shipped on the very first day ( did they even read my poorly-crafted bio ? ! 1 ! ) , and after 7 days ... nothing . I just figured that my SS marked it 'sent ' and then either forgot to send it or neglected to on purpose . Ever the optimist , I know .
Then , last night , at about 7:30 and around my fourth beer , my roommate and I heard a knock on the door . For some reason the UPS man comically sprinted away , but after all the waiting and anticipation and then thinking nothing was coming ... there was my gift !
I 've tried craft brews from all over the place , be it canned beer sent from an Aunt in Florida to sampling flights at the Baranof Brewery in Alaska . I also have a notoriously awful memory . This super high quality poster ( I do n't know what it 's made of , but it feels like Unobtanium or Khal Drogo 's pride ) will allow me to keep track of and personally rate all the beers I 've tried from each state . Which is awesome . To my SS up in Minnesota : you 're awesome . Thanks for a great first year and stay warm up there !
Work to rehabilitate the Gaza Strip is set to expand next week , coinciding with the complete isolation of the Strip after Egypt shut the Rafah Crossing in light of a further deterioration in relations between the Egyptian government and Hamas .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
UN Special envoy Robert Serry announced on Saturday that under the trilateral agreement between Israel , the Palestinian Authority and the UN , signed in September , widespread rebuilding efforts will begin within the next several days .
In September , Israel agreed to a proposal to establish a mechanism for reconstructing the Strip after Operation Protective Edge , under the supervision and control of the United Nations .
IAF strike on Gaza during military operation ( Photo : AFP )
According to the IDF , the mechanism would allow for progress on rebuilding the strip on one hand , while maintaining Israel 's security interests on the other .
The mechanism was approved by the political establishment in Israel after coordination between the UN envoy to the Middle East Robert Serry , Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah , and COGAT Maj. Gen. Yoav Mordechai .
Next week , the monitoring systems overseeing the building materials entering the Strip will be activated , keeping watch with the use of GPS tracking over the sources receiving the materials . Access to the computerized system will be open to Israel , monitoring sources within the Palestinians government and to the UN .
In addition , significant amounts of construction materials will enter Gaza , including cement and heavy machinery used for rebuilding efforts . International inspectors who will ensure that the materials are used solely for their intended civilian purpose are already in the Gaza Strip . Additional inspectors will arrive within the next several days .
Serry announced that as part of the first stage , around 25,000 people whose homes were destroyed during the military operation will be able to access construction materials to rebuild their damaged homes , before the beginning of winter . Palestinian and Israeli sources confirmed the details .
The UN envoy reportedly criticized the fact that countries that pledged to donate money for the construction of the Gaza Strip at the international donors conference in Cairo did not do so yet , and urged them to transfer the funds as quickly as possible .
The widespread construction in Gaza will be underway while the Strip will be left completely isolated after Egypt 's closure of the Rafah Crossing , following the continuing decline of relations between Hamas and Egypt .
Egyptian military operations near Rafah ( Photo : AFP )
On Saturday , the Palestinian Ma'an News Agency reported that the Egyptian army completed its clearing of the border area as part of preparations to implement a 500-meter ( 550-yard ) buffer zone along Egypt 's 13-kilometer ( 8-mile ) border with Gaza .
According to the report , troops demolished about 800 houses in the area , erasing in the process entire neighborhoods such as Rafah 's Saladin and others . In recent days , reports emerged that the Egyptian army intends to double the depth of a security buffer zone .
`` A decision was taken to increase the buffer zone along the border in Rafah to one kilometer . The decision ... came after the discovery of underground tunnels with a total length of 800 to 1,000 meters , '' the state MENA news agency said .
Residents of Sinai , who complain they have long been neglected by the state , say they rely on smuggling trade through the tunnels for their living and the creation of the buffer zone has stoked resentment . Egyptian authorities see them as a threat and regularly destroy them .
Militant violence in Sinai has surged since the army ousted Morsi , a Brotherhood official in July 2013 . Egypt has launched a crackdown on the group , jailing thousands of its members and labeling it a terrorist organization .
Roberto Martinez 's men eased into the last 32 by topping their group after collecting 11 points from a possible 18 on offer .
Young Boys , who defeated Napoli at home in the group stages , have been paired with Everton in the first knockout round and Lukaku is wary of the Swiss side .
However , the striker has talked up the Merseyside club 's chances of progressing if Everton can rediscover the kind of form that saw them beat the likes of Manchester United , Arsenal and Chelsea last season at Goodison Park .
`` We want to win the competition and if we want to do that then we need to deliver a good performance over there , '' Lukaku told the Liverpool Echo .
`` Even though we know it is not going to be easy we are professionals and we have to do the job .
`` It all depends on the day . If we play with the intensity that we play with in the Premier League then not many teams can cope with us .
`` Once you play against European teams and play at their place and in the way they like to play then it is easier for them .
`` A lot of teams in the European competitions have difficulties when playing against a Premier League side that plays at the tempo of the Premier League .
`` If you watch the way Manchester City or Chelsea play , they play at pace and if you looked at the way we played against Lille and Wolfsburg at home – 3-0 and 4-1 wins – then that is the way to do it .
`` These are big teams in their country but we did the job . ''
Among various possible tips for self improvement I believe that meditation is a very important one . Often when people hear the word meditation they tend to be a little bit scared . They imagine something somewhat mysterious or religious . They believe it is a very complicated technique that will require them a consequent investment in time and money before they can start getting some hypothetical benefits . Or maybe , if you are like me , you have problems with your knees that prevent you from sitting cross-legged . In this short article I would like to give you simple meditation instructions to get you started .
Meditation Made Simple
Let 's look at what is actually meditation . In a nutshell , meditation is a practice where you focus on your breath while trying not to think about anything . That 's it !
Meditation :
is not a religious act in itself
does n't require any materials to get started
does n't require you to be a contortionist
does n't have to take a lot of your time
I have only been practicing meditation on a daily basis for several months but I really feel that it helped me become more calm , more at peace and more focused . Meditation is also a great way to enhance well-being in general . I 'm not an expert and it is exactly what I want to tell you : you do n't need to be an expert ! If you believe that you need to take meditation classes or read books to get started , only those of you who are really motivated will give it a shot . Since meditation practiced on a daily basis is beneficial for everyone , as a self improvement advice I would encourage everyone to adopt that new habit . When you will start meditating , you will realize how hard it is to stop thinking . Your mind wo n't stop . Sometimes , people told me : “ I ca n't even do meditation for 3 minutes , my thoughts are all over the place ” . It is totally normal . As long as you are trying to control your thoughts the best you can at your current level , you are doing meditation . And I 'm convinced you will get benefits from your daily practice . Meditation will help you become more aware of your thoughts and to better deal with your negative thoughts .
Let 's make it very simple to start with , and progressively work on improving the quality of our meditation practice .
Meditation Exercise
I do n't want to give you any excuses not to try meditation . Here is how you can easily get started :
Close your eyes , breath slowly through your nose , focus on your breath while trying to get rid of any thoughts that come to your mind . Do it just for 3 minutes . That 's it ! You can sit on a chair or sit on the floor with your legs crossed . Practice every single day for two weeks , then go for 4 minutes , 5 minutes and so on . If possible aim to reach 20 to 30 minutes per day but it is entirely up to you . Some people do more . If you are busy you can do less . Personally , I 'm currently meditating 20 minutes everyday but plan to meditate more in the near future . Last but not least , be patient ! It takes some time before you feel the benefits of meditation .
Leave me your comments below and tell me how things are going 🙂
See also : How to Stop Worrying and Start Living – 7 Practical Tips to Overcome Worries
My Goals For 2014
The Power of Visualization – A Simple Example of How You Can Use Positive Visualization
Do you like this article ? Sign up below and I will keep you updated every 3 days when I release a new article or video 😉
What happens when an auxiliary speaker cable and a gold wedding ring join together in a happy accident ?
Pretty good radio reception , according to Reddit user tacotacotaco_1 .
That 's the strange discovery they made when they slipped the speaker 's cord connector between the ring and their finger . Watch—and listen to—the evidence they posted in the Videos community :
So what kind of weird , extra-dimensional , Macgyver-meets-Rick and Morty affront to science and nature is this ? ( Also , since the audio was testimony from Thursday 's Benghazi hearing , does that make it an aux-Hillary cord ? )
Actually , it 's pretty simple science and electronics , which we know nothing about . But user CRAS_Audio does , and if you ca n't trust a user who references the Conservatory of Recording Arts and Sciences in their username to explain this , who can you trust ?
The biggest drawback to tacotacotaco_1 's discovery was the fact that they could n't tune to another channel and had to listen to the same , repetitive drone .
This is n't an isolated incident , either . Another user , ThirdProject , commented in the thread that they experienced a similar phenomenon with an electric guitar , an amp , and their ring finger .
These are all pretty cool discoveries , with an added benefit , which user snoosh00 kindly noted :
From this day forth , what a Reddit user joins together , let no man put asunder .
According to the data of Statistics Lithuania , in the second quarter of 2013 , Lithuania 's GDP , seasonally and working day adjusted , increased by 4.1 % compared to the responding period in 2012 . Vilija Tauraite , Chief Analyst at SEB Lithuania , points out that value-added production increased in many sectors , therefore , the growth of Lithuania 's economy in April-June was well balanced , that is , the dominance of export in respect of domestic demand slightly decreased , writes LETA/ELTA .
`` Monthly data of production or sales volume prove it . For example , in the second quarter in 2013 industry production increased by 9.3 % at current prices compared to the second quarter in 2012 , while the volume of retail increased by 5.1 % , '' said Tauraite .
According to the analyst , the growth of retail was the strongest since the beginning of 2012 ; in addition , food sales had begun to increase noticeably for the first time after the economic crisis .
The latest indicators of Lithuania 's economy growth give cause for optimism – in the first half of 2013 annual growth of economy reached impressive 4.2 % . It might seem that it is time to relax since Lithuania stands on its own two feet , yet , according to Jekaterina Rojaka , Head of Economic Research Unit at DNB Markets , it might turn out that Lithuania 's economy has feet of clay and might crumble very soon .
According to Rojaka , economic growth in Lithuania will slow down in the second half of 2013 . It will be determined by unfavourable environment in foreign markets and comparatively high base of the last year . Global economy is significantly slowing down : the growth of emerging markets , which last year accounted for about half of global GDP , this year decreased by almost a half . Meanwhile , Russia , the closest and most important trade partner , is forecasted to suffer from stagnation this year .
WikiLeaks on Monday dropped its second tranche of the so-called Podesta Emails , laying bare what members of their own inner circle believed were the vulnerabilities of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , from their emails and ties to big money , to their scandal-laden husband and propensity for saying things that are `` untrue . ''
It is the second batch of documents obtained by the transparency group from the email account of Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta . The first , released late Friday , contained excerpts of paid speeches the former secretary of state gave to Wall Street banks that were flagged by their aides for being potentially problematic for the presidential hopeful .
On Monday , WikiLeaks made those controversial snippets even more accessible by releasing download options for the 80-page document , which included Kindle , book reader , and pdf formats .
Promoting the release on social media , WikiLeaks highlighted portions of the 2,086 new emails .
# PodestaEmails2 : Hillary Clinton `` says things that are untrue ... often '' ; `` Trump '' may be their only hope https : //t.co/PNzQUpxvLm pic.twitter.com/dzso7oqSDl — WikiLeaks ( @ wikileaks ) October 10 , 2016
# PodestaEmails2 : People close to the Clintons pushing for `` the less Bill [ WJC ] the better '' due to their `` sex life '' https : //t.co/jsCweWJR6A — WikiLeaks ( @ wikileaks ) October 10 , 2016
Lanny Davis avised Clinton camp to quickly release their Wall St. speeches in Feb , 2016 `` release later ... is worse . '' https : //t.co/B9xHH9kT3g — WikiLeaks ( @ wikileaks ) October 10 , 2016
Memo shows legal tricks used by Clinton campaign to raise big $ while working with Super PAC https : //t.co/JsKcXccQ6b h/t @ kenvogel — WikiLeaks ( @ wikileaks ) October 10 , 2016
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Politico also has an ongoing live blog about the developments .
During the Sunday evening debate against Republican nominee Donald Trump , Clinton responded to a question about a line from one of their speeches—that politicians `` need both a public and a private position '' —which many took to be an admission of the emails ' authenticity , contradicting their campaign 's stated position .
WikiLeaks celebrated the gaffe by take a swipe at news outlets that questioned the reliability of the anti-secrecy site .
Editorial : Last night even Clinton confirmed our transcripts . No doubt media who spread disinfo will now do the right thing and apologise . — WikiLeaks ( @ wikileaks ) October 10 , 2016
Editorial : Reporters should not let themselves be gamed by the Clinton campaign . There is no denial and we have a 100 % record for accuracy . — WikiLeaks ( @ wikileaks ) October 9 , 2016
Digging in to speech excerpts , International Business Times senior editor David Sirota on Monday pointed out that Clinton frequently `` touted their support for fracking , '' confirming previous critiques from environmentalists and undermining their claims on the campaign trail that is an opponent of the toxic drilling practice .
Sirota highlights an excerpt from an April 2013 speech to Deutsche Bank , during which Clinton reportedly said `` Fracking was developed at the Department of Energy ... I mean , the whole idea of how fracking came to be available in the marketplace is because of research done by our government . And I 've promoted fracking in other places around the world . ''
During another speech , in 2014 , Clinton blamed `` phony environmental groups ... funded by the Russians '' for sowing opposition to fracking and fossil fuel pipelines .
What 's keeping hospital CIOs up at night ?
Jeeshan Chowdhury Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 9 , 2015
At Listrunner , our work with physicians brings us in intimate contact with hospital and health system CIOs . Over the last year , we 've had more CIO meetings , phone calls , and emails than we can count .
As we 've gotten to know the people in these roles , we decided to regularly ask two questions on top the planning we 're having around bringing Listrunner to their physicians :
What keeps you up at night ?
What do you want to achieve as a CIO ?
We make a point of sharing these insights internally and recently took the time to synthesize our findings . We 're now sharing them publicly as CIOs are an important stakeholder in improving the state of healthcare .
The following perspectives are from CIOs from independent community hospitals to large health system networks anchored by leading tertiary centers . About half are from the US and half from around the world .
What keeps you up at night ?
Security
Every CIO mentioned security as the first and foremost concern . Interestingly , more talk of breaches as when they happen rather than if they will . Rather than just talking about preventing a breach , CIOs are also building plans on how to :
Detect and report intrusions quickly to limit the damage . Manage public and media relations when an incident occurs .
Reliability
As hospitals move to digital systems , they are becoming dependent on them . Next to losing patient data , CIOs are most worried about ensuring patient data is available to clinicians .
Consolidation
Particularly in the US , hospitals and physician practices are quickly consolidating . The CIOs overseeing the assimilation of smaller hospitals into their network face challenges in transitioning a variety of legacy systems into their own . As important though , how does the acquiring hospital network transition and integrate acquired physicians — who are often unwilling — into their electronic systems .
Fragmentation
If you 're reading this , you likely have a new idea on how the hospital could be better ? As far as a CIO is concerned , join the crowd that is alread underfunded department to gain access and approval .
CIOs repeatedly told of us of their responsibility to protect the hospital from jumping on the next best thing without any consideration of how different solutions integrate and scale .
What do you want to achieve as a CIO ?
Physician satisfaction
Most CIOs readily recognize that EMRs have slowed physicians down and have increased the burden of documentation on clinicians . CIOs are under pressure not only to optimize worklows but to improve clinician quality of life . Some CIOs report that their compensation is directly tied to physician satisfaction with IT .
Recognition as innovators
There is a desire for hospitals to be recognized amongst both providers and patients as innovators . CIOs are looking for ways differentiate their hospitals for others and get their hosptials brand recognized .
Ease of use of electronic systms is seen as competitive advantage to recruit and retain doctors . The CIO wants to be seen as making the doctors life easier and letting them get back to focus on medicine and not paperwork .
“ Beauty and the Beast ” could be banned in Russia if it 's found to violate a Russian law prohibiting “ gay propaganda , ” the BBC reports .
Vitaly Milonov , an MP of the United Russia party , has asked the country 's culture minister to screen the film prior to its March 16 Russian release and to “ take measures to totally ban ” it if the film contains “ elements of propaganda of homosexuality . ”
A Russian law enacted in 2013 prohibits the spread of “ gay propaganda ” to minors .
Also Read : Critics Are Mostly Enchanted by Live-Action 'Beauty and the Beast ' : 'Disney Magic '
Culture minister Vladimir Medinsky noted , “ As soon as we get a copy of the film with relevant paperwork for distribution , we will consider it according to the law . ”
Earlier this week , director Bill Condon told Attitude Magazine that “ Beauty and the Beast ” would feature an “ exclusively gay moment ” involving Josh Gad 's character , LeFou , the buddy of vain villain Gaston ( Luke Evans ) .
“ LeFou is somebody who on one day wants to be Gaston and on another day wants to kiss Gaston , ” Condon told the magazine . “ He 's confused about what they want . It 's somebody who 's just realizing that they have these feelings . And Josh makes something really subtle and delicious out of it . And that 's what has its payoff at the end , which I do n't want to give away . But it is a nice , exclusively gay moment in a Disney movie . ”
Earlier this week , an Alabama movie theater decided to pull its scheduled screenings of Disney 's live-action “ Beauty and the Beast ” remake because of the film 's inclusion of a “ homosexual character . ”
Also Read : Alabama Theater Cancels Disney 's 'Beauty and the Beast ' Remake Due to Gay Characters
“ For those that do not know ‘ Beauty and the Beast ' is ‘ premiering ' their first homosexual character . The producer also says at the end of the movie ‘ there will be a surprise for same-sex couples . ' If we can not take our 11 year old grand daughter and 8 year old grandson to see a movie we have no business watching it , ” a staff member for the Henagar Drive-In Theatre posted on Facebook on Friday .
Team boss Ross Brawn has pledged to allow their drivers Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello to battle it out for this year 's world championship title . Barrichello lead Button home to a one-two at the Italian Grand Prix , reducing the Englishman 's lead to 14 points . With Red Bull drivers Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel losing ground after a poor result , Brawn said : `` I ask only that they compete openly and fairly . `` They have got to work together and it all has to be on top of the table . '' Barrichello 's victory , their second in three races , took them to 66 points in the championship , with Button on 80 . `` My advantage has got smaller and Rubens is going to be a tough rival . They have shown their skill over the years and it looks like this is going to go down to the wire .
Jenson Button Vettel is 26 points behind Button with a maximum of 40 available in the remaining four races after finishing eighth at Monza , a position to which they were promoted when McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton crashed out of third place on the last lap . Webber , who retired on the first lap after a collision with Robert Kubica 's BMW Sauber , is 28.5 points off the lead and admitted after the race that their title hopes had suffered `` a blow '' . Brawn , who was part of the Ferrari management when they regularly imposed team orders to assist Michael Schumacher , said they would allow their drivers to fight it out . `` We will just leave them to it , '' they said . `` They are old enough to deal with it . You have just got to make sure the atmosphere is calm , consistent and open and that there are no distractions . '' Button said : `` Rubens is obviously my big rival for the title now . That 's good , because we get on great . `` After the problems we have had in the last couple of races it is good to finish second , '' admitted Button , who had gone five races without a podium finish since their last race win in Turkey in June . `` I would obviously prefer to be where Rubens is , but they did a really good job - congratulations to him . `` We have a good relationship . We are still going to be sharing information because it is possible for Red Bull to be strong at the next races . `` My advantage has got smaller and Rubens is going to be a tough rival . They have shown their skill over the years and it looks like this is going to go down to the wire . `` It 's going to be a tough few races , that is for sure , obviously we are both super competitive and want to win , so we will race now until the end of the season . '' Barrichello has cut Button 's lead nearly in half since the Englishman 's last victory in Turkey in June , and has won two of the last three races . We will keep pushing , we have n't given up on anything
Christian Horner
Red Bull team boss The Brazilian , the oldest driver in F1 at 37 , believes there will be no issues between them and Button as the season draws to a close . `` It is a winning year for us whatever happens , '' Barrichello said . `` It 's not long ago that we had no jobs so we have to remember that - the team have done a fantastic job . `` But I am going to give my very best . The title is my target and my dream , everyone knows that . `` I 'll just keep smiling and working and hopefully I 'll get there . It 's going to be a good and a healthy fight and I am looking forward to that . `` There is a saying that you only win in F1 if you are tough , but we are both nice guys and the best thing in life is respect . `` That is what we have , it is an open book between us . At the end of the day our cars are set up in similar way - I just had the edge but there is nothing in it . `` The main thing right now is that we scored maximum points and our rivals had problems . '' Red Bull boss Christian Horner refused to give up hope of one of their drivers challenging the Brawns , but they conceded they had `` a mountain to climb '' . `` We will keep pushing , we have n't given up on anything , '' Horner said . `` We know it 's a mountain to climb up but we wont be giving up until it is mathematically impossible . `` Engines are a key factor and we can see that the Mercedes engine is performing extremely well . ANDREW BENSON BLOG Monza was a breakthrough race for Button - they must fancy their chances of being able to defend a 14-point lead over a man in the same car over the next four grands prix
`` We are down in that department at the moment and that is something we need to address if we want to compete . It is no coincidence that we are struggling on circuits that are predominantly power based . `` But we want to finish the year on a high . '' The next race is the Singapore Grand Prix on 27 September , with Japan , Brazil and Abu Dhabi playing host to the final three races on the calendar .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An international team of genetic researchers led by Prof Merlin Crossley from the University of New South Wales has found the third and final missing piece in the genetic puzzle of an unusual form of haemophilia , known as haemophilia B Leyden , more than two decades after the first two pieces were discovered .
The discovery , published in the American Journal of Human Genetics , could help improve understanding of other other blood-clotting conditions such as thrombosis .
The team studied the blood-clotting disorder haemophilia B Leyden , which is unusual because symptoms improve after puberty . “ The results explain how more than half of the cases of this rare , hereditary bleeding disorder occur . The find also demonstrates the importance of curiosity-driven research , ” Prof Crossley said .
“ Science is advanced by people who get caught up in puzzles that are important to them and they never forget them . Curious investigators never give up . ”
Prof Crossley spotted the final genetic clue two years ago , when they were on an aeroplane , marking a young researcher 's PhD project . Data in the thesis reminded them of their own PhD project on haemophilia B Leyden , carried out at the University of Oxford in the late 1980s .
People with the disorder have three different categories of mutations in the gene that produces clotting factor IX , which prevents excessive bleeding . Prof Crossley was able to work out how two of them operate , while at Oxford . They found the two sets of mutations prevent two key proteins from attaching to the DNA , which turns the gene off as a result . Symptoms improve in young men after puberty because a different protein that responds to the hormone testosterone is able to bind to the DNA and boost the gene 's production of clotting factor IX .
Prof Crossley , and many other researchers after him , tried to find the key protein associated with the third group of mutations , which accounts for more than half the cases of the disease , but it remained elusive . “ Things moved on , but I never forgot , ” they said .
Two decades later , they realized the young researcher was describing a DNA-binding site for a newly discovered protein that had a very familiar ring to it . “ I remembered it . It was the same sequence as for the binding site for the third group of mutations , ” Prof Crossley said .
They joined forces with other researchers to show the newly identified protein , ONECUT , was the missing piece in the puzzle of haemophilia B Leyden , which affects about 80 families worldwide .
The original research allowed families to be informed that their children were likely to get better after puberty .
While the new study will not alter the method of treatment for people with Haemophilia B Leyden , it could lead to new approaches to regulating genes in general for experimental , or ultimately , therapeutic purposes .
“ Understanding the molecular regulation of the coagulation factor IX gene may aid in the development of therapies for other blood-clotting disorders such as thrombosis , ” said lead author Dr Alister Funnell , also from the University of New South Wales .
______
Bibliographic information : Alister P.W . Funnell et al . 2013 . A CpG Mutational Hotspot in a ONECUT Binding Site Accounts for the Prevalent Variant of Hemophilia B Leyden . The American Journal of Human Genetics , vol . 92 , no . 3 , pp . 460-467 ; doi : 10.1016/j.ajhg.2013.02.003
After failing to prosecute the banks responsible for the 2008 financial crisis , former US Attorney General Eric holder is returning to their old law firm , whose client list includes many Wall Street institutions .
`` Yeah , I mean , I think this is probably the single biggest example of the revolving door that we 've ever had , '' award-winning journalist Matt Taibbi , of Rolling Stone magazine , said in an interview with Democracy Now .
© AFP 2018 / JEWEL SAMAD People walk past the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) on the Wall Street in New York
Holder is returning to Washington-based corporate law firm Covington & Burling , where they worked for eight years before becoming head of the Justice Department .
During their time at Covington , the firm 's client list included many of the big banks Holder failed to criminally prosecute as attorney general for their role in the financial crisis , including Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Wells Fargo and Citigroup .
`` He spent six years essentially guiding all of these Wall Street firms , which many of them are clients of this company that he 's now working for — they guided them all back to profitability , '' Taibbi said of Holder , who made $ 2.5 million in their last year at Covington .
`` He allowed bankers to escape prosecution . And now he 's going right back to that firm , where he 's going to enjoy a very lucrative partnership , whether they ever works again , you know , for the rest of their life . ''
© AP Photo / Susan Walsh US 'Better Off ' With Loretta Lynch Confirmed as Attorney General - Obama
Taibbi compared Holder to former Louisiana Congressman Billy Tauzin , who left Congress to take a $ 2-million-a-year job with pharmaceutical lobbying firm PhRMA – right after they helped pass the prescription drug benefit bill .
Still , Taibii thinks Holder 's career move is much more egregious than that of the former Louisiana lawmaker , saying that the recently retired attorney general 's return to their old employer `` just blows Tauzin away . ''
Taibii agreed that as attorney general in the Obama administration , Holder became a point person for `` extrajudicial settlements , '' in which major financial firms were able to reach deals that were not reviewed by a judge .
`` Yeah , Holder , in general , pioneered a number of different ways that essentially a lot of these too-big-to-fail companies were allowed to buy their way out of trouble . … Holder just started striking deals and not submitting them for judicial review , '' they said .
`` So they did a $ 13 billion settlement with JPMorgan Chase where no judge signed off on the deal . The whole thing was done in secret . They essentially institutionalized the back room . This was just a deal where a bunch of bankers got together with a bunch of Justice Department officials , money changed hands , and that was it . The whole – all of their criminal problems went away . ''
After a battle with stomach cancer , Fred Rogers died on February 27 , 2003 , a few weeks before what would have been their 75th birthday.During their lifetime , Rogers received many awards and honors for their work in television , some of which include a Lifetime Achievement award from the Emmys , the title of “ Living Legend ” by the Library of Congress in 2000 , a place in the Television Hall of Fame in 1999 and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Their trademark sweater became part of the Smithsonian 's permanent collection in 1984.Prestigious Universities such as Yale have contributed to Rogers ' more than 40 honorary degrees . They composed more than 200 songs and wrote dozens of children 's books . Rogers was known as a man very true to their character on TV ; they were soft spoken , kind and caring toward children In a quote from their book , “ The World According to Mister Rogers , ” which was published after their death in 2003 , they say , “ More and more I 've come to understand that listening is one of the most important things we can do for one another . Whether the other is an adult or a child , our engagement in listening to whom that person is can often be our greatest gift . Whether that person is speaking or playing or dancing , building or singing or painting , if we care , we can listen . ”
Dear Mexican : How did the patron saint of Mexico get a name derived from Arabic ?
El Moro Judio
Dear Jewish Moor : You 're referring to the Virgin of Guadalupe , the brown-skinned apparition of the Virgin Mary who tradition says appeared before the Aztec peasant Juan Diego in December 1531 just outside modern-day Mexico City . As you correctly noted , Guadalupe 's etymological roots spring from Arabic : the name is a mishmash of the Arabic word for valley ( wadi ) and the Latin lupus ( wolf ) and was what the Moors called a river in the Extremadura region of Spain . Hernán Cortés and their merry band of murderous Extremadurans venerated a Black Madonna found near their hometown river , so it 's no stretch to theorize that any Holy Mother appearing before a bunch of Mexicans on the conquistador 's watch would assume the nombre of Guadalupe .
But another school of thought favored by many Mexican and Chicano scholars argues that Guadalupe got Them name thanks to Spanish stupidity . They maintain that Spanish clerics misunderstood Juan Diego when they told them la virgen called Herself Tlecuauhtlapcupeuh ( “ She who comes flying from the region of light and music and intones a song , like the eagle of fire ” in Nahuatl ) and Coatlaxopeuh ( “ I crushed the serpent with my foot ” ) . The two terms are rough homonyms of Guadalupe , goes the tale , and so the Spaniards assumed Juan Diego meant their goddess and renamed their brown virgin Guadalupe . The problem with this revisionist theory , however , is that it has no basis in historical fact . The German theologian Richard Nebel pointed out in their 1992 study Holy Mary Tonantzin Virgin of Guadalupe : Religious Continuity and Transformation in Mexico , “ Until today , no one has found any document from the sixteenth century in which one can verify the Nahuatl phonetic origins of the word that the Spaniards supposedly thought resembled ‘ Guadalupe . ' ” Besides , the idea of an Islamic-derived Guadalupe is better : imagine how freaked out gabachos will get when they discover that the Empress of the Americas is part Muslim !
I 'm a Mexican güero : light-skinned , green-eyed and blond/brown-haired . I experience more racism from my own people than gabachos . Why so much hate toward Mexican güeros by my darker-skinned raza ? Do I remind the pinches indios too much of their Spanish conquerors ? Are they just jealous that their horny rucas and sisters keep putting the moves on me ? All of the above ? .
Güero and Loving It !
ORDER IT NOW
Dear Wab : The only thing Mexicans alternately love and hate more than los Estados Unidos are güero ( light-skinned ) Mexicans . Blame the Aztecs : when the light-skinned , bearded Spaniards showed up in Mexico in 1519 , Moctezuma and amigos thought the conquistadors were manifestations of Quetzalcoatl , a light-skinned , bearded deity that oral tradition promised would return to save humankind in 1519—the very year the Spaniards showed up . The Spaniards quickly put that myth to waste by destroying the Aztec empire , but that initial reverence for güeros seared itself in the Mexican psyche . Light skin became synonymous with power , wealth , destruction . Dark skin meant indio : loser , poor , estúpido enough to believe that marauders were gods . Not even the efforts of Mexican intellectuals during the 1920s to popularize the idea of Mexicans as la raza cósmica ( the cosmic race , made up of black , Indian and white blood ) could destroy the stranglehold guerismo has on Mexico . That 's why you see light-skinned Mexicans on television , in the presidential palaces and in corporate offices . Being a Mexican güero takes you only so far , though , Güero and Loving It : you 're still Mexican , after all .
Ask the Mexican at [ email protected ] . be their fan on Facebook . follow them on Twitter @ gustavoarellano or follow them on Instagram @ gustavo_arellano !
Kim Dotcom made their triumphant comeback last week , but that does n't mean he 's toning down their accusations against the Obama administration and its connections to the 2012 raid on their mansion that led to their arrest . In an interview with RT , the Mega founder said it was no coincidence that the American government directed the raid of their mansion just as the campaign season was rolling around last year . What 's more , Dotcom accused the Obama administration of using their arrest as a major fundraising chip to raise campaign cash for the president 's reelection campaign .
“ The timing is very interesting , you know ? ” Dotcom mused . “ Election time . The fundraisers in Hollywood set for February , March [ and ] April . There had to have some sort of Plan B , an alternative for SOPA [ the Stop Online Piracy Act ] , because the president certainly was aware — and their team at the White House was aware — that if they do n't have anything to give at those fundraisers , to those guys in Hollywood who are eager to have more control over the Internet , they would n't have probably raised too much . ”
This past summer , Dotcom claimed that vice president Joe Biden ordered the federal government to shut down their file-sharing site , although the government has long denied that Biden had anything to do with the raid .
As more and more of Yemen is taken over by the country 's Houthi Shiite minority , combat has apparently begun to encroach on Sharif Mobley , an American being held under mysterious circumstances in Yemen .
Mobley can hear fighting between Houthi militias and Hadi 's forces from within the facility in which they are detained , according to their partner , Nzinga Islam , who lives in New Jersey . Their psychological condition and their treatment by those holding them have both declined since the start of the year , they said . Mobley , who has been held in Yemen since 2010 , fears they might be killed as the fighting intensifies .
It is not known where Mobley is being held . After abandoning the capital , Sanaa , the retreating regime of Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi has regrouped in the south of the country , setting up a new capital in Aden . The Houthis hail from Yemen 's remote northern highlands .
Born in New Jersey , Mobley and their four older siblings were raised by parents who were members of the Nation of Islam . The family lived in the small town of Buena , about an hour east of Philadelphia . As their devotion to their Muslim faith grew , Mobley met Islam in 2005 and married their three months later . Their first child , a daughter , was born soon after . The couple moved to Delaware in 2007 and began contemplating a move to the Middle East to strengthen their faith and learn Arabic . After striking up a friendship with a family from Yemen at a mosque they attended , Mobley and their wife decided to move with their newborn daughter to the country in 2008 .
U.S. officials alleged at the time that Mobley appeared to be taking steps toward terrorism after being in contact with Anwar al-Awlaki , the former Al-Qaeda recruiter born in America and killed in 2011 by a U.S. drone strike . The officials alleged that Mobley was helping Al-Qaeda by moving members of the group through the country . But according to a Washington Post interview in 2010 , Islam said that Mobley , who emailed the then-popular preacher after hearing their religious teachings on CDs , only talked to Awlaki about what to do with them after they became pregnant again and needed surgery .
After becoming fearful about how dangerous conditions were getting in Yemen , including feeling that they were under surveillance , Islam claimed that they and Mobley had planned to return to America as soon as possible . Islam would turn out to be the only one who made it back home to New Jersey , as Mobley and their lawyers said that they were detained by a group of men in the middle of the night and shot in the leg on January 26 , 2010 .
It 's a startling tale that has received its share of coverage , but is still unknown to most Americans .
Now , with Yemen in the midst of a civil war , Nzinga Mobley spoke with The Intercept about the increasingly precarious position their husband is in . They said the conditions of Mobley 's imprisonment are deteriorating .
“ Since the start of the new year , they never ever said that the treatment has gotten better , ” Islam said in a phone conversation . “ He , if anything , has said the treatment has gotten worse . ”
Islam said the battle for control of Yemen has added to their husband 's stress .
“ Mostly what I hear from him , on a psychological level , is that they hear the fighting going on outside between the Houthi group and the government soldiers , ” they said . “ He hears the fighting , it 's very close by . They have a feeling that they took the prison or the military base which he 's on . They fear for their life — they do n't know what they are capable of . It has gotten worse for them psychologically because not only do they not know what 's going on with their own case , but now they even fear , day to day , for their life . ”
Mobley 's lawyers from the international human rights NGO group Reprieve claimed that after their arrest , they were shackled to their bed for 24 hours a day and beaten regularly . They also said they were interrogated by two U.S. agents who identified themselves as “ Khan from DOD ( Department of Defense ) and Matt from FBI. ” Their account was supported by a FOIA request made by Reprieve lawyer Cori Crider , which revealed an FBI document describing a conversation with Islam during the first few days of their incarceration .
The FBI and the Department of Defense have yet to respond to The Intercept 's request for comment on the incident .
According to their lawyers , Mobley was taken to the hospital for treatment to their damaged leg , where they endured more questioning from the same U.S. officials on their reasons for moving to Yemen . The lawyers also described an account in which the same officials threatened Mobley on the condition that , if they failed to answer their questions about Awlaki , their wife and children would suffer and they would never have seen them again .
Then , on March 7 , 2010 , Yemeni officials claimed that Mobley shot and killed a guard in a failed escape attempt from the hospital . Mobley 's lawyer said they 've never been told the charges they face from that incident , and they have n't seen them since February 2014 . In addition , their lawyers said that their client has been sprayed with mace whenever they have requested to speak to the U.S. Embassy , which no longer exists after officially closing a few weeks ago . Islam had been very critical of the embassy in failing to facilitate their attempts to reconnect with their husband .
“ I remember there was a time when I was in Yemen and they were suggesting Americans go home , ” they told The Intercept . “ They pick up the phone and called my family back here in America to reach out to me and tell me if I got home . So I know they are capable of doing so . But no one has ever called me or emailed me or reached out to any of the family about the current situation , given us some type of reassurance or anything . Anytime I ever had contact with the embassy or State Department was through my initiation , me asking them , ‘ What is your plan now for Sharif , now that the situation has completely turned around and there is no government ? ' And I get either no response or a weak response when I ask about the evacuation . ‘ Oh , there is no evacuation . ' ”
Crider echoed Islam 's sentiments about U.S. officials not showing the level of concern or urgency that they would expect from those tasked with making sure the status of Americans is constantly communicated to their families and close ones .
“ Poor Nzinga has been chasing them again and again , just as I have , ” Crider said . “ And it 's not just that they do n't initiate contact . They have affirmatively withheld information that is critical to their own citizen trying to get a fair trial . Even if the embassy was doing everything it could — as a person who has sat through several hearings in that criminal court process , it makes some of the Guantánamo things that some of my clients go through look like a model of due process . So , no , they do n't call . It 's kind of a ‘ We'll-call-you ' kind of thing . ”
Crider emphatically believes that the U.S. officials are fully cognizant of Mobley 's location and condition .
“ They have been to see him , ” they said . “ They know where they are . And when they ask where is my husband , they just say , ‘ We ca n't tell you for security reasons . ' The idea that the government of the United States , a massive funder of the Yemeni government , is just going to permit that state to disappear one of its own citizens kind of tells you what you need to know about where poor Sharif is on the pecking order . ”
“ They know full well this man was shot in the middle of the street on January 26 , 2010 . They know full well that they were held in secret for weeks and weeks and weeks . And they know that they now faces capital charges . ”
The U.S. State Department declined to comment on Mobley 's whereabouts for “ privacy reasons , ” and added that “ consular officials strive to assist U.S. citizens detained abroad whenever possible . ”
The lack of urgency to help Mobley from American officials has prompted Islam to believe that their husband would receive more attention and help if they were white .
“ It 's sad and it 's unfortunate , but I 'm feeling that if they were a white American , more effort would have been made to get them out of the situation , ” said Islam , who has made similar comments to NBC News . “ Now , I believe it 's very difficult to remove them from the situation . But before it had gotten this bad , I believe that if they were a white American , they would have put forth enough effort . It would n't have even gotten this far , it would have been five years , they would n't have to experience the civil war that 's happening now . I still have that feeling . ”
Mobley , now 31 , had advised their wife to take their children out of Yemen and return to America .
“ It 's not a day that goes by that they do n't ask about their father , ” said Islam , who has two sons and a daughter with Mobley . “ I always relate Sharif in our daily activities . I definitely keep their memory and their presence alive in the house by telling them stories about what their father used to like , what type of cartoons . For example , we 're going to Chuck E. Cheese and Sharif was always scared of the big mouse character , and that 's something I would tell them about . Every day my daughter or my son — even the younger son we have , who has never seen their father — I show them pictures and they point to their daddy . So they are very aware of their father and their circumstances . ”
Photo : Hani Mohammed/AP
WA guitar maker Phil Gelmi turns hobby into a lifestyle
Updated
Guitars may already come in all shapes and sizes but that still is not enough for Phil Gelmi .
Like many in the mining industry , Mr Gelmi found themselves with a lot of time on their hands between shifts — so when they began looking for a way to fill it , building guitars seemed as good a way as any .
`` On my days off I had to have a hobby , so instead of going to the pub , making guitars seemed to be a healthy option , Mr Gelmi told the ABC during a visit to their workshop in Perth 's foothills .
`` Did n't take long 'til I caught the bug and it went from there , I think I 've made about 20 guitars now . ''
Drawing inspiration from the earliest blues players , Mr Gelmi 's first creations were a series of cigar box guitars — but it did not take long before they began pushing the envelope .
To date , Mr Gelmi has constructed fully functioning guitars from an old ironing board , a shovel and a bed pan salvaged from a swap meet .
`` The bed pan in particular was almost a happy coincidence , '' Mr Gelmi said while demonstrating its unique sound .
`` I figured just by looking at the shape of it that it would produce a nice sound and it does . The hollow section of the pan resonates for a wonderful , rich sound . ''
As the bug took hold , Mr Gelmi began inviting musicians to their workshop to ensure their creations were playable .
`` As the guitars generally tend towards that bluesy , slide-guitar style of playing , they tend to attract that style of musician , '' Mr Gelmi said .
`` It 's a wonderful feeling sitting there watching what you 've created come to life in the hands of a talented player . It 's a wonderful thrill that does n't get old . ''
Depending on the degree of difficulty , a build can take up to five days involving timber and electrical work .
Throughout , Mr Gelmi said there was a sense of anticipation to see if the finished product sounded as good as they imagined .
`` When you are getting close to the end of it , you tend to get a bit excited because you want to go and plug it in and give it a whirl , '' Mr Gelmi said .
`` Usually I 'll get to the point where I put one string on it and I 'll see how it sounds , make sure the intonations are good then string it up and off we go . ''
With each successful build , Mr Gelmi said they were looking further afield for a body that could be transformed into one of their unique designs .
`` My wife reckons I 'll put strings on them if they sit around too long , '' Mr Gelmi said .
`` As long as it 's long enough to be strung up pretty much nothing is off limits , '' they said .
Topics : music , guitar , recycling-and-waste-management , bunbury-6230 , wa , lesmurdie-6076
First posted
Leaked Last-Gen Call of Duty : Black Ops 3 Screenshots Look Ugly as Sin
Call of Duty : Black Ops 3 releases this week , and while the majority of the focus has inevitably been placed on the current-gen console versions of the game , it 's also set to release on the PS3 and Xbox 360 , too . But while it was inevitable that the visuals of the last-gen versions of the game would n't be able to compete with their PS4 and Xbox One counterparts , leaked PS3 gameplay footage uploaded to YouTube suggests that it looks far worse than was anticipated .
The 5-minute clip highlights a game of Free For All taking place on one of the game 's new maps , but rather than its gameplay being the most eye-catching aspect of the footage , the biggest talking point is instead its lackluster visuals . The map is littered with low-poly and , in many cases , practically non-existent textures , with both buildings and scenery appearing blurry . If this is what the final build of the game looks like , which is very likely given that the clip was uploaded yesterday and the game will release on Friday , it looks like a lot of last-gen Call of Duty players are going to be disappointed .
Check out some screenshots of the video , which were posted to Imgur , below :
And here 's the clip , which will more than likely be pulled from YouTube soon so watch it while you have the chance :
Dr. Nishimura , Associate Officer , Deputy General Manager , Hydrogen Project Development Center , Kawasaki Heavy Industries
Why hydrogen ?
Kawasaki aims to introduce large quantities of hydrogen into our society in a manner that is safe , stable and affordable . As Kawasaki technology moves ahead , the makings of a new type of road will be created , which we are calling the “ Hydrogen Road ” .
Hydrogen is a very promising technology for many reasons , particularly for preventing global warming . Therefore , Kawasaki is developing technologies and products for a future hydrogen society . Our goal is to realize a commercial hydrogen supply chain by 2030 . We will demonstrate some hydrogen pilot schemes in 2020 , the Tokyo Olympics year .
When do you think the hydrogen society will be achieved ?
In Japan the movement for the realization of the hydrogen society is accelerating rapidly , and Kawasaki is highly engaged in R & D for the implementation of hydrogen energy . For instance , we are developing hydrogen fueled gas turbines to help meet the objectives of the Japanese government : Japan 's Ministry of Economy , Trade and Industry stated in its Hydrogen/Fuel Cell Strategy Roadmap that hydrogen should be used for power generation by the 2020s . Kawasaki 's R & D concerns the whole hydrogen supply chain , from production to utilization .
Dependency on renewable power generation will be difficult due to its intermittency and variability . Hydrogen is the solution to this intermittency .
What are the benefits to society ?
In 2016 , the Paris Agreement became effective , which sets out an action plan to limit global warming to below 2˚C . Moreover , an effort to limit the temperature increase even further to 1.5˚C was called for . It is estimated that even this 2˚C scenario will be impossible to obtain based solely on advances in existing technologies . To achieve these objectives , reductions in CO2 emissions are necessary in the power generation sector , as well as in the transportation sector .
In terms of reducing CO2 emissions , it is vital that the transportation sector makes the transition to electric , including both battery and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles . However , dependency on renewable power generation to support these vehicles will be difficult due to its intermittency and variability . Hydrogen is the solution to this intermittency . It can be produced from renewable energy through electrolysis and used to store renewable energy . Moreover , the demand response of hydrogen power generation by gas turbines and fuel cells can compensate the abrupt power drop of the renewables . This makes hydrogen indispensable if we want to expand the use of renewable energy .
The use of hydrogen for power generation will also play a vital role in the expansion of the hydrogen society , because it will help bring about a decrease in the cost of hydrogen by deploying large amounts of it .
In the initial stages of building up the hydrogen infrastructure , hydrogen production by fossil fuel reforming together with Carbon Capture and Storage ( CCS ) technology will be important . Renewable energy and fossil fuels are sometimes seen as conflicting but they can be used in parallel to realize clean societies . Fossil fuels and CCS together will enable a large , stable and low cost supply of hydrogen energy , while also reducing carbon emissions in line with the Paris objectives . The benefits of hydrogen can therefore be realized more quickly than if we have to wait for renewable energy to be scaled up to a sufficient level .
The use of hydrogen for power generation will also play a vital role in the expansion of the hydrogen society , because it will help bring about a decrease in the cost of hydrogen by deploying large amounts of it . This will encourage the development of all applications , such as fuel cell vehicles .
Is Japan at the forefront of the hydrogen society ?
Yes , I think Japan is one of the frontrunners in the field of hydrogen technology . The government has called the 2020 Tokyo Olympics the “ Hydrogen Olympics ” and plans to demonstrate many kinds of hydrogen technologies during the event . We expect that hydrogen technology introduced in this way in 2020 will spread worldwide . Many countries will see its importance as a means of energy transition and for environmental protection .
There is historical precedent for this scenario . Many advanced technologies were showcased at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics and have today become an everyday reality . For example , the Shinkansen high-speed train was launched in 1964 and soon became the blueprint on which many other countries based their high-speed railways . It remains an icon today .
Is the majority of the Japanese population convinced by the hydrogen solution ?
Japanese people are certainly very interested in hydrogen , along with other solutions to future energy . One of the reasons for the popularity of hydrogen is that it can be made from a wide range of resources , which means it can contribute to energy security , which is important to Japanese people and for government policy .
The issue of energy security in Japan is very similar to the European picture . Europe is heavily dependent on the importation of oil and gas from outside of the European Union . Europe could introduce low cost hydrogen from fossil fuels , linked with CCS , while developing infrastructure to bring about the realization of the hydrogen economy . Then , when the technology is ready , the transition to clean hydrogen could be made , taking advantage of the developed infrastructure in place .
What is the role of hydrogen in the energy mix ?
A 2010 study by a Japanese think tank , the Institute of Applied Energy , estimated that by 2050 hydrogen could dominate the energy mix , being used for the generation of 40 % of total energy ( see Figure 1 [ AP1 ] ) .
The think tank 's 40 % estimate is based on certain conditions . Firstly , that the government will adopt the target of an 80 % reduction in CO2 emissions by 2050 to meet the global emissions reduction objectives . The second condition is a price of hydrogen at around 25 Japanese yen per m3 . The effect of hydrogen price was examined in the range of 25 to 45 Japanese yen per m3 , but it does not heavily affect the proportion of hydrogen deployment .
One of the first issues for Japan is therefore to obtain a long-term stable supply of affordable hydrogen . An initial solution is to increase hydrogen production from brown coal of Australia , which is a very cheap and abundant natural resource . And linking this to CCS technology .
Computer rendering of the future large-scale liquid hydrogen carrier .
How is Kawasaki working to improve the transport of hydrogen ?
For the most part , hydrogen is currently transported onshore in the form of compressed gas and liquid state , but the amount is small . When the hydrogen society develops , and hydrogen is used for many applications including power generation , then large amounts of hydrogen will have to be transported , both on and off shore . In many cases , we think pipelines will be used for this purpose , much like natural gas today . However , for long distance transmission , liquefied hydrogen will be a better option , due to its high transportation efficiency and advantages in terms of long-term storage .
Kawasaki has a great amount of experience in liquid hydrogen . We built storage tanks for hydrogen rocket fuel at the Tanegashima Space Center , as well as specialized containers for its transportation .
The development of infrastructure will go hand in hand with the marketing of consumer goods .
To transport large volumes of liquid hydrogen , Kawasaki is building the world 's first liquid hydrogen carrier ship . We have developed the pioneering technology necessary for the construction of such a ship through our 30 years plus of expert experience in building large energy carrier ships for liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) . There is much synergy between liquid hydrogen and LNG ship expertise .
Moving further along the supply chain , is the implementation of hydrogen refueling stations a long-term limiting factor ?
No , I do n't think this will limit the application of the hydrogen society . We have already shown that we can transition from petroleum to other fuels . It just takes a little time . The development of infrastructure will go hand in hand with the marketing of consumer goods . Mass deployment of hydrogen for power generation will lower the price of hydrogen , and help to increase customer demand for fuel cell vehicles .
How can we support the expansion of this infrastructure ?
Continuous R & D is necessary for the establishment of a large-scale hydrogen supply chain . We will start small-scale demonstrations in 2020 with Japanese and Australian governmental support , and will develop a strong viable commercial supply chain in 2030 . Governmental support will be important to mitigate the private sector 's investment risk .
MOSCOW , Nov. 8 ( UPI ) -- An executive with Russia 's state arms company , Rosoboronexport , said Friday the company is preparing for talks with Egypt about a weapons sale .
The official told RIA Novosti the Russian government may lend Egypt the money needed to pay for the weapons . Media reports in Russia have suggested Egypt could spend as much as $ 4 billion to obtain advanced weapons systems .
The United States announced recently it was suspending some of its military aid to Egypt because of the crackdown on the opposition by the interim military government .
`` We are ready to negotiate with the Egyptian side the possibility of deliveries of new weaponry as well as repairing equipment supplied in Soviet times , '' the Rosoboronexport executive said .
Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov are scheduled to visit Egypt for two days next week , the Foreign Ministry announced Friday . Russian military aid is expected to be a major topic of discussion with the Egyptian government .
The Soviet Union supplied Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser with military equipment . But after Nasser 's death , their successor , Anwar Sadat , turned towards the United States and western Europe , a move that culminated in the Camp David Accords that brought peace with Israel .
After Camp David , Egypt became one of the largest recipients of U.S. military aid .
The Volusia County Sheriff 's Office will incorporate `` routine Google-type Internet searches of all would-be deputies . ''
The Volusia County Sheriff 's Office will incorporate `` routine Google-type Internet searches of all would-be deputies as part of the background investigative process '' following the recent hiring , �and subsequent firing , of a probationary deputy , an official said .
Steven Korossy , a former Put-in-Bay , Ohio , police officer , was indicted�by a grand jury in that state Wednesday on 14 counts of unauthorized use of the Ohio Law Enforcement Gateway database , a fifth-degree felony , and one count of falsification , a misdemeanor , according to a news release from the Ohio Attorney General 's Office .
Korossy , wanted on an arrest warrant , had not made contact with Ohio authorities as of Tuesday afternoon , according to the Ohio Attorney General 's Office .
The second probationary deputy fired this year by Volusia County , Korossy was scheduled to graduate from Volusia County 's training program in August , but the 39-year-old , who was hired May 18 , was terminated Wednesday from their position as a probationary deputy when news of the indictment made its way to their new employer , according to the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office .
The first few results yielded by a Google search of `` Steven Korossy , '' prior to their firing Wednesday , are news articles from the Sandusky Register , dating back to 2014 , about alleged misconduct by Korossy , of Brook Park , Ohio , when they worked as a police officer for Put-in-Bay .
`` That 's something we should have been doing all along and have now incorporated into all future background checks starting immediately , '' sheriff 's spokesperson Gary Davidson said .
`` Background checks include a variety of inquiries , including employment and discipline checks , criminal history and credit checks , checks of various law enforcement databases , a CVSA ( computerized voice stress analyzer ) exam , reference checks , interviews with neighbors , on-line searches of social media postings and military checks where applicable , '' Davidson said . `` In addition , we check law enforcement records in the jurisdictions where the applicant resided for the past 10 years , which would include criminal records , offense reports , case dispositions and any record of criminal complaints involving the applicant . ''
They said the Ottawa County Sheriff 's Office , the agency that 's investigation resulted in Korossy 's criminal charges in Ohio , was contacted in April .
`` We got a response back that they had no records relevant to our inquiry , '' Davidson said .
Deputy Andrea Cochran , director of administration for the Ottawa County Sheriff 's Office , said it 's possible the ongoing investigation into to Korossy did not come up based on what information the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office asked for and when .
Korossy did disclose in a pre-employment inquiry that an arrest he 'd made in 2013 had been reviewed by the Ottawa County Sheriff 's Office as part of an investigation into the Put-in-Bay Police Department , but Korossy said that it was found to have been a `` good and valid arrest process , '' Davidson said .
Korossy also indicated�in their application they had been charged in 1994 with a domestic assault and shoplifting , but that both charges were expunged . Korossy stated when they applied in September 2014 that they continued to be employed part time at Put-in-Bay .
The former Put-in-Bay officer�is accused of using the Ohio Law Enforcement Gateway database `` for non-law-enforcement purposes at least 14 times between November 2013 and January 2015 , '' according to the Ohio Attorney General 's Office 's news release . `` Korossy is also alleged to have made false statements in March 2015 to investigators from the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation ( BCI ) . ''
It was a prior misconduct investigation into the�Put-in-Bay Police Department , conducted by the Ottawa County Sheriff 's Office , that left then�Put-in-Bay police chief Robert `` Ric '' Lampela charged with four misdemeanors , according to the news release .
Korossy was accused of misconduct shortly thereafter .
Witnesses in the case that resulted in Lampela being charged `` made�complaints to the special prosecutor about potential witness intimidation , '' according to the news release . `` The allegations were subsequently reviewed , which led to discovery of alleged misuse of the OHLEG database by Korossy . ''
The day following their indictment , a Go Fund Me account called `` Justice for Steve Korossy '' was set up by Korossy , according to the account .
The account , which had received nearly $ 1,500 in donations as of Tuesday afternoon , has a goal of raising $ 25,000 for Korossy 's legal defense , according to the website .
THE GERMAN government has promised to strengthen the custody rights of unmarried fathers after the constitutional court ruled that existing provisions violate their basic rights .
Currently , unmarried German fathers can only obtain joint custody of their child if the mother agrees .
“ Lawmakers thus place the parental rights of the father disproportionately below those of the mother , without it necessarily ensuring the child 's wellbeing and without the possibility of a court examination of the reasons , ” the court said in its ruling .
The case was brought by a man who was denied custody of their son , born in 1998 , by the child 's mother , with whom they split during the pregnancy . The man sees their son regularly but has no custody rights ; courts at local and state level both rejected the case .
The court asked the government to address problems with the law in 2003 ; now it has asked family courts to award joint custody automatically to unmarried fathers until new legislation is passed ending discrimination against them .
Berlin has already begun drafting new legislation in anticipation of the ruling , after the European Court of Human Rights ruled last year that the custody laws breached anti-discrimination laws and the European Convention on Human Rights .
“ We want a modern custody law that reflects the reality of society and brings parental rights for unmarried fathers in line with the constitutional requirements , ” said Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger , Berlin 's justice minister .
Germany has 8.2 million families with children , according to official figures , with almost a fifth being raised solely by the mother . The number of unmarried mothers varies widely by region : some 58 per cent of mothers in eastern states are unmarried while in western regions , the average is 26 per cent .
Some 1.5 million men are likely to be affected by the ruling , according to a lobby group for unmarried fathers . In total , some 350,000 children are affected by the separation of their parents annually , with sole custody awarded in every second case to the mother .
A justice ministry survey of lawyers and social workers found that , in 80 to 90 per cent of such cases , the reasons for refusing the father custody were not directly related to the welfare of the child .
“ [ The mother ] wants to decide alone or have nothing to do with the father , ” said the report , seen by the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper .
The looming legislation is likely to cause friction in Chancellor Merkel 's coalition government . The justice minister , from the liberal Free Democrats ( FDP ) junior coalition partner , is anxious to give both parents automatic custody rights from birth , regardless of marriage status . Under this proposal , a mother who wants custody withdrawn from the father would then have to present their case in court .
The Bavarian Christian Social Union ( CSU ) , sister party to Dr Merkel 's own CDU , has dismissed the suggestion .
As churches and families around the world prepare to dust off their Nativity figures for the festive season , Benedict writes in a new book on Christ that contrary to popular belief , Jesus 's birth was not presided over by oxen , asses , camels or indeed any other beasts .
`` There is no mention of animals in the Gospels , '' they wrote in the third and last volume of their biography of Jesus Christ , which like the previous two books is expected to become an international best-seller , with an initial print run of a million copies .
The inclusion of domestic animals in the Nativity scene may have been inspired by pre-Christian traditions , for instance in the Book of Habakkuk , a part of the Hebrew Bible which was probably written by an early prophet in the seventh century BC , Benedict wrote .
But children around the world need not be too disappointed – the German pontiff said that the tradition of donkeys or oxen beside the manger was so deeply entrenched that it would doubtless survive their scepticism .
`` No one will give up the oxen and the donkey in their Nativity scenes , '' they write in the book , which goes on sale today/on Wednesday .
The belief that animals were in the stable where Christ was born has proved an enduring tradition even in the Vatican - the elaborate Nativity scene set up in St Peter 's Square in the weeks before Christmas each year has featured livestock such as sheep .
The book , `` Jesus of Nazareth - The Infancy Narratives '' , traces Christ 's early life until the age of 12 and will be published around the world in nine languages .
Elsewhere in the book Benedict , a noted theologian who has continued their studies since becoming Pope in 2005 , insists that the doctrine of the virgin birth be taken at face value and that it is an `` unequivocal '' pillar of Christian belief .
In a section of the book entitled `` Virgin Birth - Myth or Historical Truth ? `` , they reaffirm that Christ was not conceived through sexual intercourse but by the power of the Holy Spirit .
`` The accounts of Matthew and Luke are not myths taken a stage further . They are firmly rooted , in terms of their basic conception , in the biblical tradition of God the Creator and Redeemer , '' they write .
The virgin birth and the story of Christ 's resurrection were `` cornerstones of faith '' . The two previous volumes of the trilogy were published in 2007 and 2011 .
The Pope also sounded a note of caution over the popular belief that angels sang to the shepherds to proclaim Christ 's birth , as recalled in the Christmas carol `` Hark ! The herald angels sing , Glory to the new-born King . ''
They write that when the gospels refer to the `` heavenly host '' of angels `` praising God and saying , 'Glory to God in the highest '' , they in fact spoke the words rather than sang them .
`` According to the evangelist , the angels `` said '' this , '' Benedict writes . `` But Christianity has always understood that the speech of angels is actually song , in which all the glory of the great joy that they proclaim becomes tangibly present . ''
The misunderstanding spawned the tradition of carol singing , the Pope said . `` To this day ... simple believers join in their caroling on the Holy Night , proclaiming in song the great joy that , from then until the end of time , is bestowed on all people . ''
Wednesday on their radio show , conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh reacted to Gov . Nikki Haley 's ( R-SC ) Republican response to President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address a night earlier .
Limbaugh questioned the decision to have them deliver the address and said that Haley 's speech , which at times was aimed at Republican presidential candidates Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-TX ) , was evidence of an “ anti-conservative ” as well as a “ pro-elite ” strain within the GOP hierarchy .
“ [ S ] he goes after the loud voices , the angry voices , and that could be anybody , ” Limbaugh said . “ She admits today that they were talking about Trump — and to a lesser extent , Cruz . They also mean talk radio . They also mean the conservative base , and do n't believe anything other than that . But here 's the thing , folks . This is , to me , one of the greatest bits of evidence that the Republican Party is not just anti-conservative , but it is very much pro-elite . It is a club that they do n't want a whole lot of people joining . And it 's this . Donald Trump has put together a coalition of supporters that , on paper , is exactly what the Republican Party claims that it wants to do when they say they ca n't win with only Republican votes , that they 've got ta branch out . Got to get the women votes . Got to get Hispanic votes . ”
Limbaugh noted that much of what the GOP claims to want to achieve in terms of a big tent has been accomplished by Trump . Despite delivering that , Limbaugh points out that instead Trump is rejected by the rank-and-file Republican Party .
“ There was a story from TheHill.com yesterday that 20 percent of Democrats would defect and vote for Trump , ” Limbaugh continued . “ Trump 's support comes from all over the spectrum , is the point , which is what I always thought the Republican Party said was their objective . And this is why they do various things in Washington because they very openly say , ‘ We ca n't win the presidency with just Republican votes alone . There are n't enough of 'em . We got to go out and we got ta peel off some Democrats . We got ta peel off some independents . Well , there 's a guy that 's done it , and they do n't want it . They do n't want it ! Nikki Haley made it clear last night they do n't want whatever Trump has done . They do n't want Trump , they do n't want the people supporting Trump , they do n't want the way Trump has done it . But nobody can make the argument that Trump is a conservative in the same way the Republican base is conservative . So the rejection of Trump is not specifically because he 's part of the base and the GOP resents or is embarrassed by or does n't want its base to be dominant . ”
“ Trump brings something entirely different to this , and they 're not interested . Which is , in a sense , them saying , ‘ You 're not one of us . You 're not in our club . You are not the type of elitist we want , no matter what you bring to the party . ' I thought it was fascinating to watch all of this . I mean , they 're worried , I think — or they want us to think that they are worried that Trump has tainted the party 's image . How can that be ? How can Trump have tainted the party 's image any more than it already is ? See , this is the thing that I do n't think people — we call it ‘ the establishment , ' ‘ the elites , ' whatever . I do n't think they understand , and if they do , they do n't want to admit it . They 've already tainted the image of the Republican Party with its base , and the base is what matters . The base is the strength of the party . It 's why it 's called “ the base. ” Well , the GOP has already tarnished itself . The GOP has already signaled that it is not interested in its base and what its base wants . Now , it knows what to say to the base when it comes time to campaign . ”
Limbaugh went on to say that it is their belief that Haley is creating “ firewall ” to stop Trump in the upcoming South Carolina Republican presidential primary .
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
Labor set to support proposed citizenship stripping legislation in full
Posted
The Federal Opposition has confirmed it is likely to support proposed laws that will strip dual nationals involved in terrorism of their Australian citizenship , without pushing for any amendments .
Labor had reserved its position on the bill , waiting for the full text to become available .
Senior figures have told the ABC they have `` no significant issues '' with the bill , following briefings on the legislation on Wednesday evening , but are still waiting on final approval .
The plans were originally proposed by former prime minister Tony Abbott , but the Turnbull Government has since accepted almost 30 recommendations from Parliament 's cross-party Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security .
Some aspects of the law will be able to be applied to dual nationals convicted of serious terrorism offences in the last decade that carried a 10-year or more jail term .
It is likely to come before the House of Representatives for debate on Thursday morning .
Constitutional law expert George Williams from the University of New South Wales has praised the Government for adopting the amendments .
However , they said there was still significant room for improvement – particularly if the Government wants to win any High Court challenge to the legislation .
`` Many of the most obvious problems have now been remedied , '' Professor Williams said .
`` What we 've done is move from one of the bills that 's been the worst draft introduced into Federal Parliament to now one that is still deeply flawed .
`` It 's still possible under this legislation for the Government to unilaterally find that someone should have their citizenship stripped .
`` That can happen without a court finding , in circumstances where effectively you have a member of the Government through the department visiting punishment or banishment upon a person .
`` That does arguably breach the separation of powers in Australia , and bypasses the courts in a circumstance we would normally expect a court to be involved . ''
Concerns remain legislation could be applied retrospectively
Professor Williams said a key concern is that the legislation could be applied retrospectively .
`` Clearly this legislation should not operate retrospectively , it 's a fundamental precept of our system that criminal sanctions of this kind should not be imposed retrospectively , '' Professor Williams said .
`` We do need a better protection of process rights , such as natural justice and the like , and we also need to ask just how effective this will be in putting some terrorists beyond the reach of Australian law . ''
However , Professor Williams said they were in favour of the decision to limit the scope of the bill so as to not automatically revoke the citizenship of dual nationals convicted of minor offences .
`` It was frankly just ridiculous that this would 've applied to graffiti artists and vandals , because it could 've applied automatically to anyone convicted of damaging Commonwealth property , '' Professor Williams said .
`` It 's also good to see that the Minister , in deciding whether to revoke a person 's citizenship for those convictions , needs to take into account relevant factors . ''
Topics : immigration , community-and-society , federal-government , parliament , federal-parliament , australia
The San Antonio Spurs signing of Jeff Pendergraph maybe the last of their free agency signing , according to Jeff McDonald of the San Antonio Express-News .
Having agreed to two deals earlier in the week with Manu Ginobili ( 2-years , $ 14 million ) and center Tiago Splitter ( 4-years , $ 36 million ) and also coming to terms with free agent Marco Belinelli ( 2-years , $ 6 million ) , McDonald states that most of the off-season is pretty much done for San Antonio .
They go on to state that the Spurs roster has 14 commitments already with the latest of Belinelli and Pendergragph for next season . With that being said , San Antonio was targeting free agent Andrei Kirilenko . They [ Kirilenko ] opted out of a $ 10.2 million contract to pursue for a longer deal with another team .
per McDonald :
With most of their free-agent budget committed elsewhere , the Spurs are no longer considered a viable suitor for free-agent small forward Andrei Kirilenko , who opted out of $ 10.2 million in Minnesota to pursue a longer deal with another team . There is a possibility the Spurs could still shake loose some salary cap space , but that scenario — which would involve the team exercising its amnesty provision on the $ 3.94 million owed Matt Bonner — appears remote at this point .
Signing Pendergraph is likely to be a replacement to DeJuan Blair whom is not expected to re-sign with San Antonio after spending the first four seasons with the Spurs .
Juan Mata and Fernando Torres : Did n't hear Mark Clattenburg 's alleged comments , says Oriol Romeu
Chelsea have made a formal complaint after accusing Clattenburg of using 'inappropriate language ' during the match at Stamford Bridge which saw the Blues have two men sent off .
Mata and John Obi Mikel are reported to have been the subjects of Clattenburg 's alleged comments , and Romeu was told of the allegations by their team-mates .
`` Neither Juan nor Fernando [ Torres ] told me they heard it because from what I have understood they did n't hear anything , '' Romeu , who was an unused substitute , told Spanish radio station Cope .
`` It was someone else who heard it , but not directly at them . It was another player who heard it and that is what they told me .
`` I did n't hear anything as I left quickly to go home but after talking to Juan they told me there was some problem and they had to stay .
`` I only know Chelsea made a complaint and I think there could really be a problem if what Chelsea players say happened really happened .
`` If there was really a racist comment or something said against a Spanish player this will be serious .
`` We know in this country people are very vigilant about these issues . ''
There was a time when US soccer was a storm of Rowdies and Cosmos , but now United is the name of choice . What 's going on ?
Once , pro soccer in the United States firmly embraced the country 's sporting culture . Teams that came to prominence in the 1970s in the North American Soccer League ( NASL ) had names that would n't sound out of place in the NFL : the New York Cosmos and and Tampa Bays perhaps being the most notable . Cheerleaders roamed the sidelines , and even the foundations of the game – such as the offside rule and the draw – were changed to appeal to an audience accustomed to traditional American sports .
But over the last 15 years , Major League Soccer has evolved from a league of teams with names , such as Wizards , Burn and Clash , to something that sounds a lot more , well , European . There are three Uniteds ( Atlanta , Minnesota and DC ) , two called City ( New York – whose name is down to their parent club , Manchester City – and Orlando ) , one Real ( Salt Lake ) and a Sporting ( Kansas City ) . That 's not to mention the many lower division sides who have also changed their names in recent years .
In short , they have co-opted the names and traditions of world soccer for what they hope is a greater share of the domestic and international market .
To understand why this happened you must go back to 1995 . Rather than ask the fans to pick their name , the league 's four kit suppliers – Nike , Adidas , Reebok and Puma – had been given permission by the league to design the brands for the teams they were supplying . It 's telling that the one exception , DC United , stumbled upon its name almost by accident when United finished second in a fan survey as a write-in . To their credit , the team 's management – which had considered names , such as Revolution and Justice – listened to the fans , choosing a name and crafting an identity that it still uses today .
Still , change came slowly . The San Jose Clash rebranded as the Earthquakes in 1999 , a nod to the city 's history of professional soccer . But most names remained unchanged until 2004 .
That year , the Dallas Burn announced a major rebrand . Gone was the old logo with a horse shooting lightning from its mouth . Gone was the Burn moniker , which former GM Greg Elliott said had less brand recognition in Dallas than the professional indoor soccer team , the Sidekicks . In its place was a name that Elliott hoped would instantly communicate that this was a soccer team and one that was , in their words , “ authentic ” to the sport .
The identity that they and ownership ultimately agreed on ? FC Dallas .
Cobi Jones : Let 's see how we can give back to the kids in the City of Angels Read more
That rebranding proved hugely influential across the league . Since 2004 , seven of the 13 expansion franchises to enter the league have had some variation of FC or SC in their names .
What 's changed over the past decade is the recognition that the game in the US is now a part of a global soccer marketplace . One in which MLS teams are competing in their own market not only with other American sports teams but also with global brands , like Manchester United and Real Madrid . This explains why MLS teams have spent so much time and resources on the creation not just of their franchise names but also on their logos . They are trying to compete in an American soccer marketplace that 's oversaturated with strong , historical international brands .
And the attitudes of fans towards these international-style names have quickly evolved from indifference to acceptance .
In February 2016 , MLS threatened Minnesota United FC with a name change , even going so far as to register the name Minnesota FC with the US Trademark and Patent Office . Minnesota 's fans were understandably furious . As team president Nick Rogers put it to the Guardian : “ [ T ] here are different elements of a brand but there 's just one brand . I think you do a lot of violence to it by trying to alter a part of it [ like the name ] . I think it all hangs together . ”
But these changes have also come with their fair share of critics . One graphic designer , who asked not to be named due to contractual obligations , variously described the international-style name changes as “ embarrassing ” , “ out of touch ” , “ oversaturated ” and “ pretty lame ” .
“ That 's how Americans interact with sport , with mascots , and city names with mascots , ” the designer , who has worked with several MLS teams , told the Guardian . “ Maybe that 's old school of me to say that 's how Americans do it , but I personally think it 's corny when we try to copy the European style . Why do n't we just try to do our own thing ? ”
As if anticipating just such a reaction , Rob Heineman , the CEO of Sporting Kansas City , addressed the naysayers unprompted when they revealed their team 's rebrand in 2010 . “ This , to us , is not European , whatsoever , ” they said of the “ Sporting ” name , adding : “ [ It 's not ] a ripoff . That 's the furthest thing from the truth ... we 're not just calling ourselves Real Salt Lake or FC Dallas . ”
Whether or not these rebranding efforts have contributed to the league 's increased popularity , what 's indisputable is that the attitude of the average American soccer fan has changed . Changes that had once been forced on fans from the top down – even the adoption of international-style team names – are now supported by the fans themselves . According to Darren Eales , president of Atlanta United FC , 89 % of respondents to their naming survey felt that FC should be associated with the team 's name and a 91 % wanted an international-style of name . The name certainly has n't done any harm to their support : Atlanta average home crowd is 46,482 , the highest in MLS .
But more traditional North American soccer names can and do work . Four recent MLS expansion teams – Seattle Sounders FC , Vancouver Whitecaps FC , the Montreal Impact , and the Portland Timbers – have embraced names that , for decades , symbolized professional soccer in their cities and they 've done so with great success in their communities .
The global ambitions of executives like LAFC 's Tom Penn are both new to Major League Soccer and surprising . MLS does not offer global stars like Ronaldo and Messi , or the quality of play of the Premier League or La Liga . What MLS can offer fans is localism : names and images – like those of the Timbers and Sounders – that engender community pride .
Perhaps no image more perfectly encapsulates this tension between global ambition and local pride than the sight of LAFC 's logo – “ LA ” in big gold lettering against a black background – atop the head of pop star Justin Bieber . The international-style names , it seems , are here to stay .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
The act of speaking on television , for me , always requires twisting into more contorted knots than my Grandmother 's challah . When the camera turns on , you have to mind your words with care… while trying to entertain… while trying to say something politically strong… while trying to conform to whatever topic is being discussed… and all while having a microphone in your ear that contains a Smithsonian collection of earwax from previous esteemed guests . Ad Policy
This is why I am always astounded by Charles Barkley . It 's not just that the NBA Hall of Famer-turned-announcer speaks without a filter . There is many a Howard Stern–Kathy Griffin–Jersey Shore–fungal spawn who do that on a nightly basis . It 's that Barkley actually has something to say .
On TNT 's Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day NBA Double Header , Barkley was in fantastic form when speaking about the legacy of the great civil rights leader . First TNT showed a clip of Dr. King 's daughter Rev . Bernice King , the current President of Southern Christian Leadership Conference . Unlike their mother , Coretta Scott King , and allies of their father like Bayard Rustin and Julian Bond , King stands in stark opposition to the LGBT community and the notion that they have a stake in `` civil rights . '' They even once led an anti-gay march to their father 's gravesite .
On TNT , Bernice King , in an otherwise boiler-plate soundbite , said that they felt a `` responsibility to continue '' their father 's legacy . When the camera swung back to the Round Mound of Rebound , they were ready . `` His daughter said something that was very interesting , '' Barkley said . `` People try to make it about black and white . [ But ] they talked about equality for every man , every woman . We have a thing going on now , people discriminating against homosexuality in this country . I love the homosexuality people . God bless the gay people . They are great people . ''
All right , `` I love the homosexuality people '' probably wo n't rival `` I Have a Dream '' in the annals of political poetry , but anyone who is aware of the shameful homophobia and tortured justifications of Bernice King and their self-described `` spiritual father '' , the scandal-plagued Bishop Eddie Long , knew exactly why Barkley chose that particular moment to raise the issue .
Barkley is also no dilettante on the issue of LGBT rights , especially impressive in the often-homophobic hamlet of professional sports . As early as August 2006 on Fox Sports , the NBA Hall of Famer said , `` I 'm a big advocate of gay marriage If they want to get married , God bless them . ''
In 2008 , speaking to a rather rattled Wolf Blitzer on CNN , Barkley said , `` Every time I hear the word ‘ conservative , ' it makes me sick to my stomach , because they 're really just fake Christians , as I call them . That 's all they are… . I think they want to be judged and jury . Like , I 'm for gay marriage . It 's none of my business if gay people want to get married . I 'm prochoice . And I think these Christians , first of all , they 're not supposed to judge other people . But they 're the most hypocritical judge of people we have in the country . And it bugs the hell out of me . They act like they 're Christians . They 're not forgiving at all . ''
On MLK day , Barkley also did n't stop there . They said `` We have discrimination against Hispanic people in this country and we need to answer to that . ''
This echoed their comments last Cinco de Mayo , after the passage of Arizona 's SB 1070 law where they said , `` Immigrants are n't the problem . The only people screwing it up are the politicians . You know , living in Arizona for a long time , the Hispanic community , they 're like the fabric of the cloth . They 're part of our community and any time you try to do any type of racial profiling or racial discrimination is wrong . ''
Dr. King once said , `` A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus . '' It says something unfortunate about our times that we have a `` molder '' calling basketball games , and a `` searcher '' in the White House . But we should take the molders where we can get them . Carry on , Sir Charles . Keep speaking truth until `` God Bless the Gays '' rings from every pulpit , including the one occupied by Bernice King . That 's certainly what Coretta would have wanted .
Public speaking and presenting is often perceived as a skill that only extroverts can excel at because you need to be loud , elaborate and super bold . Mindfulness on the other hand is commonly associated with being far more reserved , contemplative and even a little meek .
Both perspectives of course are misplaced , which means that regardless of your personality mindfulness can be extremely valuable in helping you to become a better public speaker . In fact , at Mindful Presenter we believe that the key to high impact presenting and public speaking starts with awareness , clarity and focus .
If you have to present regularly at work you 've probably noticed that it often arrives on your to-do list as an interruption and inconvenience rather than something you look forward to . Once you 've resigned yourself to the harsh reality that it 's simply part of the job it 's often something put to the bottom of the list . When it raises itself back up to the top of the list again we often then become experts at procrastination .
The moment arrives when you ca n't put it off any longer and you just have to spring into action .
– The laptop comes out .
– The templates leap out .
The mind switches over to auto-pilot and the damage is already done .
Or is it ?
It 's only the beginning .
In terms of content alone some people then go on to craft a presentation which looks and sounds almost identical to previous ones they 've written . Many are then delivered in exactly the same way too ; regardless of the message or the audience .
Highly intelligent , creative , talented and responsible professionals all over the world are presenting the same things in the same way to the same people every week .
It 's mindless .
Mindfulness is changing the world of public speaking and presenting in a way that is illuminating and refreshing because it compels and equips us as speakers to connect emotionally as well as intellectually .
Here 's how :
1 . You get to meet you
Many of us are so busy being busy that we rarely take the time to really think about how we are thinking and how we are feeling . Imagine how much more powerful your presentation would be if you connected fully with yourself first before attempting to do so with a disparate audience . Trying to influence the thoughts , feelings and behaviours of others without awareness of our own as presenters is akin to swimming in quicksand .
Long before they even open their laptop the Mindful presenter invests the time , energy and effort to focus on themselves at the exclusion of all other distractions .
How do I feel ?
How do I sound ?
How do I look ?
What are my natural gifts as a speaker , what works for me ?
Am I present with my audience in the room in the moment or am I there in body but not in mind and spirit ?
Why am I here anyway ?
How are my thoughts helping or hindering me and what impact would they have on my audience as a consequence ?
Am I doing this for me or them ?
Am I excited or nervous ; what 's the difference ?
Do I do anything repeatedly to the point of distraction when I 'm presenting and how do I know ?
2 . You get to know your audience before you meet them
When we learn to become more aware of and less dismissive of ourselves we stand a far greater chance of connecting emotionally with our audience . Whilst it may sound selfish we owe it to our audience to connect with ourselves first . The process of healthy and balanced introspection has to be our first priority . That does n't of course mean that we scrutinise ourselves to the point of destruction , it means creating a thoughtful awareness that inspires personal growth and development . Once we begin tuning into and understanding ourselves a little more we can then do the same with our audience .
Who are they really ?
How much do I know about them ?
How much do I care about them ?
How can I help them ?
What difference can I make to their professional or personal lives ?
What do they want and need the most from me ?
These are mothers , fathers , sons and daughters , husbands , wives and partners how do I connect with them as such as well as professionals .
Do they really just want information from me or do they want to feel something ?
What do they want to feel ?
How can I help them feel it ?
3 . You get to make wise choices
When we wake up at the same time each morning , eat the same breakfast each day , wear the same clothes , take the same route to work to sit at the same desk in front of the same computer to largely say the same things to the same people each day life can become a little too routine . When life is too unremarkable we often make choices and decisions less consciously as we work hard to maintain the status quo .
When it comes to presenting and public speaking such repetitive behaviour is n't at all helpful for our audience . When we practice mindfulness we become far more aware , open to insights and can access our own creativity and wisdom far more easily and effectively .
Our audience 's become extremely thankful for the wise choices and decisions we find ourselves making .
Do I really need PowerPoint or any visual aids ?
Is this slide , fact , statement , quote or number completely relevant to my audience ?
What is my message and if I were to ask them to tweet it to the rest of the world after my presentation what would they say ?
Do I really need 40 minutes of their time or could I connect far more effectively in 20 minutes ?
Would they be far better served by me them simply sending them a self – explanatory email asking them to call me if they have any questions when they 've read it ?
Have I invested enough time and energy preparing and practicing my presentation and if I have n't should I postpone my presentation until I have in fairness to my audience .
4 . You get to connect
We live in a world full of noise , knowledge , information and distractions . Whilst knowledge and information will always be at the top of most people 's search lists the last thing anyone needs more of is noise and distractions .
With over 7 billion people on the planet rapidly becoming more and more disconnected with each other that 's the one thing many of us are crying out for ; connection .
We want to be heard , we want to be understood , we want to have our voice and have our say . What we want and need more than anything else is to feel connected to each other . Despite what many of us have been led to believe , presenting and public speaking creates an incredible opportunity for each of us to make and feel that connection .
To achieve that bond we can no longer rely on the way we have been presenting to each other at work for decades . We need the facts , the information and the data but on its own it 's not enough . At mindful presenter we would argue that presenting in this way at the exclusion of all else supresses emotional connection and serves to alienate us from each other even further .
Fact and data on their own do n't stimulate connecting they need to be brought to life through :
Stories and anecdotes
Metaphors and similes
Humour
Contrast
Thought provoking questions
Drama
Surprise
Passion and purpose
5 . You get to stop lying to yourself
“ There are two types of speakers : those that are nervous and those that are liars. ” Mark Twain
Everyone feels some level of anxiety when presenting and speaking in public and a great many feel extremely nervous ; even to the point of experiencing panic attacks .
Whether you are truthful and acknowledge and express your discomfort with public speaking or you are in the second group that Mr Twain so eloquently refers to , mindfulness may offer you the solution you have long been searching for .
The human mind is conditioned to wander at least 50 % of the time , a vast number or our thoughts are repetitive and for many of us far too many of them are unhelpful . When it comes to presenting and public speaking anyone who has experienced that paralysing feeling of anxiety will tell you they simply ca n't stop those repetitive destructive thoughts .
This extremely simple 3-step solution can change everything .
Step 1– Sit down with your spine straight and supported but in a way that you are comfortable .
Step 2– Close your eyes and focus your attention on your breath . Notice how it feels each time you breathe in and each time you breathe out .
Step 3 – When your mind wanders , and you can be certain that it will , bring your focus back to your breath and just notice how it feels again . You do n't need to challenge or judge your thoughts just notice and feel each breath . Each time your mind wanders return it to your breath ; do n't worry about how many times you have to do so .
If nervousness is something which you find particularly challenging when presenting you may find the following video very helpful as Mel Robbins shares their way of handling anxiety and panic .
https : //mel-robbins.mykajabi.com/p/31-sessions-anxiety-and-panic
If this article has inspired you to learn a little more about how effective your presentation skills are you may want to take a look at our presentation training and presentation coaching pages to see how we may be able to help you . You will also find a great deal of really helpful ‘ free ' information in our Learning Centre .
Image : Courtesy of flickr.com
Gold changed everything .
The Fraser River Gold Rush that began in 1858 started the area on a path to self-discovery . A surge of 30,000 workers pursuing the precious commodity came to the West Coast , and soon enough , the area was made into two separate colonies named British Columbia and Vancouver Island . In 1866 , the colonies joined together under the name British Columbia , which was then given a representative government . British Columbia made Victoria its capital , and joined Confederation in 1871 to officially become a Canadian province .
This is where our story begins : on the fringes of what we now know as Beautiful B.C .
For the first time , a fantastic collection of images outlining B.C . life from 1860 to the early 20th century are on display at Presentation House Gallery in North Vancouver . “ Nanitch : Early Photographs of British Columbia from the Langmann Collection ” opens March 30 and runs until June 26 , 2016 . Pulling photographs from the UBC Library 's Uno Langmann Family Collection of BC Photographs , the exhibit offers a rare look at hundreds of images and artifacts that explore the province 's political , social , and economic background . Viewers will see scenes of the time 's industries , including farming and logging , as well as more personal shots of settler families , as well as First Nations ( who were , unarguably and wholly , the first to the land . And indeed , it is an important point : early albums on display portray , among other things , the displacement of local indigenous groups ) . Rounding out the pleasurably retro black-and-white photographs are other items including postcards , silver prints , and stereographs .
Uno Langmann has always been a collector of things , starting when they were young with coins and maps . Upon moving to Canada in 1955 ( he sold their original assemblage to finance the journey ) , their interest turned to images . “ Why photographs ? The history of British Columbia and the Pacific Northwest fascinated me and I wished to understand it more thoroughly , ” Langmann writes in the exhibit catalogue 's foreword . “ What better way to learn our history than through images , especially at a time when these historical events were within recent memory . The material was easily obtainable because at the time it was underappreciated , sold in secondhand stores and garage sales for very little. ” Wanting to share their breadth—and the education it serves—to the public , Langmann and their wife Dianne donated their bursting collection ( of over a whopping 18,000 pieces ) to the UBC Library in 2014 .
For a province ( and country ) that by the ancient world 's standards is still a toddler , the chance to examine the past , however short in span , is exciting . B.C . is a mere drop in the historical bucket , but taking the time “ to look and watch ” —a translation of the word “ Nanitch ” from Chinook Jargon—what came before can help us navigate what happens now .
Read more from our Arts page .
Parallel processing .
You 'd never think that all it took was two middle-aged men , sent shopping by the wife of one to buy knickers , to crack the biggest discovery in modern physics .
It was very simple : I 'd been staying with my friend Russell in Canberra , trying to sort out how we were going to get our book on virus structure together , when Russell 's wife Lilia decided that their youngest daughter needed new school knickers . They were too busy making supper to bother ; these otherwise unemployed elderly men were the perfect candidates — and the prospect of not having to listen to us blather on about just where to pitch the book , and what to put in it , and which Jethro Tull albums we liked , probably tipped the balance our way . Seeing as we could continue to do all those things in a car and in the supermarket — and do a side trip to drool over new electronic goodies in Harvey Norman — we agreed with alacrity .
Image : JACEY
And so it was , that after a most satisfying comparison shop of iMacs versus the rest , and a cruise through rock nostalgia in the shape of special-offer CDs , we found ourselves in a large supermarket , trawling for girls ' knickers .
At this point I must digress , and mention , for those who are not aware , the profound differences in strategy between Men Going Shopping and Women Going Shopping . In any general shopping situation , men hunt : that is , they go into a complex environment with a few clear objectives , achieve those , and leave . Women , on the other hand , gather : such that any mission to buy just bread and milk could turn into an extended foraging expedition that also snares a to-die-for pair of discounted shoes ; a useful new mop ; three sorts of new cook-in sauces ; and possibly a selection of frozen fish .
And the interesting thing is — and this is what sparked the discovery — that any male would be very hard pressed to say where they got some of these things , even if they accompanied them
Have you never had the experience of talking to your significant female other as you wend your way through the complexity of a supermarket — only to suddenly find them 20 metres away with them back to you ? And then they come back with something you 've never seen before , and tosses it in the trolley as if nothing has happened ?
I know I have — and until recently , I had always assumed it was just me not noticing new things in the aisles we were walking through .
So there we were , looking for knickers , and a rather wary woman asked if they could help , given that we looked lost and hopeless . Russell explained to them exactly what we were looking for , and their wariness seemed to become mild alarm , until we hastened to reassure them that this was in fact a commission for the mother of said child . They then said , with what seemed to be great satisfaction , “ Oh , no ; you 'll never find those in here — you 'll have to go down to [ some remote location ] , ” which we had no chance of achieving before they closed , so the whole mission was now a failure .
It was as we trudged our forlorn way back to the car that Russell said : “ You know , I 'm sure we 've found them there before — at least , Lilia has . ”
I said , only half-joking : “ Well , women seem to be able to do that — maybe they 're getting into spaces we poor guys ca n't ? ”
That was the catalyst : suddenly , we Hunters had an insight into how real Gatherers operated , sparked by our own hopelessness and some considerable acquaintance with the formidable talents of wives when it comes to finding things , and enough science ( and science fiction ) background to be able to appreciate that parallel universes were quite a reasonable answer to a number of important questions . Including , it seemed , supermarket shopping .
Oh , we were roundly scorned when we got back , knickerless ; both for the lack of same , and for our absurd idea — which smacked of desperate snatching at straws to excuse incompetence , to the astrophysics-qualified wife . However , we persevered : we talked it through exhaustively , even conquering problems like : “ What happens when you take some item from another universe to the checkout — when they wo n't recognize the barcode ? ” Except they do — electronic systems are quantum-computing devices in their ability to access stock codes , and when they do n't , then it 's invariably a woman who gets sent to look for them , and they , of course , find them ...
And there it might have sat , had it not been for the Internet . We simply put the idea up in as many forums as we could access ; we blogged on it ; we talked to everyone we knew ( well , male , obviously ) who could be relied on to observe such phenomena — and slowly , the observations came in .
Then , of course , there was arguing about significance , and power of the statistical methods used , and it all got usurped by some theoretical physicists the moment it started to look as though there was something in it .
But the answer is clear : women can access parallel universes in order to find things , whether they do it consciously or not . They have probably always been able to do this , and now there is fierce speculation as to whether this constituted the evolutionary advantage we had over other primates : the presence of bulbs , grains and nuts on the table that had been retrieved from parallel universes when the hunters came home empty-handed was probably a major factor in the survival of our species .
The difference is that now they know that they can do it — and things have changed .
Because groceries are n't all they go looking for . It turns out the next item on the shopping list is better-looking versions of us .
Russell and I no longer communicate . And we 're very lonely .
Author information Affiliations Ed Rybicki swears that at least some of this is a true story . The part about Russell Kightley and the knickers , anyway . Ed Rybicki Authors Search for Ed Rybicki in : Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink .
About this article Publication history Published 28 September 2011 DOI https : //doi.org/10.1038/477626a
Follow Futures on Facebook at : http : //go.nature.com/mtoodm
My santa is awesome !
Got 4 all new books to read on my lovely kindle . I love fantasy books and these look awesome and I ca n't wait to dig in . Got 2 books from authors I 've never heard of , Cinder by Marissa Meyer and Blood Song by Anthony Ryan . These both look fun and are part of series so fingers cross they will keep me entertained for a while . Also got one of the few Neil Gaman books I have n't read yet , Good Omens , they are on of my favorite authors for fantasy ! ! And last I got a Doctor Who : quick read novel : I am a Dalek , which features 10 and Rose . And considering the new development of Tennant 's I shall read with it looking for every single romantic undertone : )
I am so happy with all my excellent gifts ( and quick too ) ! Thank you Santa ! !
Phnom Penh , Cambodia - As hundreds of heavily-armed military police began moving in to quell protesting garment workers Friday morning , Neang Davin looked on nervously .
`` Last night I did n't join anything , I was just driving my motorbike and stopped to watch . The police arrived , they did n't ask anything , they just went in and began beating us , '' said Davin , leaning on a bamboo stick for support . `` Even though we ran into the market , we were n't confronting them ; they just went in and started beating us . They hit me on the back with a baton . ''
Clashes between police and protesters that began after midnight Friday on the outskirts of Phnom Penh escalated Saturday morning leaving at least four shot dead and 23 seriously injured .
While the government lay the blame at the feet of protesters who pushed back security forces with rocks , Molotov cocktails and homemade weapons , none of those injured were police , admitted Military Police Spokesman Kheng Tito .
Instead , it was striking workers and bystanders who bore the brunt of an unusually harsh retaliation by police who appear to have grown weary of peacefully breaking up the protests that have roiled Phnom Penh for the past week .
Garment worker woes
On December 24 , workers began striking en masse after the government announced it would be raising the minimum wage from $ 80 a month to $ 95 - an offer that fell far short of unions call for $ 160 a month . By the time the Ministry of Labour caved a week later and agreed to an extra $ 5 a month boost , the genie was out of the bottle . Years of chronic underpayment and poor working conditions had pushed at least half of the nation 's estimated 600,000 workers into the streets .
The unions can not control [ the situation ] at this moment . -Khun Tharo , Solidarity Center/ACILS programme officer
Separately , at the behest of the Garment Manufacturers Association in Cambodia , some 80 percent of factories voluntarily shut their gates fearing violence ; a move that has sent a $ 5bn industry into a near standstill .
`` The unions can not control [ the situation ] at this moment , '' said Khun Tharo , a programme officer with Solidarity Centre , an American labour rights group . `` It 's going to affect the industry as a whole . ''
Garments account for Cambodia 's largest export industry . Brands like H & M , Puma , Adidas , Nike , the Gap and Walmart source from Cambodia , which set up its garment industry in the late 1990s to employ a unique UN-monitoring system that was meant to ensure factories were unusually well-run .
Instead , conditions and real wages have plummeted over the past decade , leading to mounting desperation among workers for whom 72 hour work-weeks are not unusual . After elections in July saw the poorest showing yet for Cambodia 's strong-arm prime minister , garment workers have grown increasingly vocal in their call for higher wages .
`` In terms of the general level of unrest , we have n't seen anything like this in Cambodia for over 15 years , since anti-government protests in 1998 . But the protests we are seeing now appear larger , and broader in terms of the issues of concern and those taking part , '' said Amnesty International Cambodia researcher Rupert Abbott .
While those demonstrations for the most part have been nonviolent , increasing pushback by authorities has amped up protesters , said Thun Saray , president of local rights group Adhoc .
`` When they started to organise demonstrations , they used nonviolent ways but the armed forces came and used violence against the protesters , that 's what made them angry , '' they said .
Increasing hostilities
On Thursday , soldiers from an elite battalion of the armed forces moved in on a demonstration that took place outside a factory from which the Gap , Old Navy , and Banana Republic sources . In addition to beating an unknown number of workers , they arrested 15 people - including five monks and the leader of the informal sector union . The monks were released , but ten were sent to court today and face charges of inciting violence , said Saray .
As night fell , said Saray , there were reports that police would be going in to clear the street - which had taken on the look of a battleground by mid-afternoon .
Local authorities did their best to protect the interest of the private and public property . -Ek Tha , government spokesperson
`` They plan to continue to crack down tonight , try to clean up the street of Veng Sreng because the protesters may try to demonstrate on the street…that 's why we 're concerned about more violence . ''
Ek Tha , a government spokesperson , said escalating violence came only after authorities were `` provoked . ''
`` Local authorities did their best to protect the interest of the private and public property . As far as I understand , there were some troublemakers who provoked the problems , so the authority need to take law and order in place to safeguard the private and public property , '' they said .
But Abbott said the use of such force flew in the face of international rights standards .
`` If an assembly turns violent , as appears to have been the case today in Cambodia , security forces should use only such force as is strictly necessary and to the extent required for the performance of their duty . They may use firearms only when less dangerous means are not practicable and only to the minimum extent necessary for defence against an imminent threat of death or serious injury . ''
Among those injured was 23-year-old Kieng Sinak , who was being treated at a local hospital for a piece of shrapnel that had pierced theirs eye .
A doctor told family members their eye would not recover .
`` We are so poor , I do n't know how we can spend the money for surgery , '' said their brother-in-law Roeun Sayeth .
Like many garment workers , Sinak 's rice-farming family relies on their scanty wages to support a number of members .
`` He sends money every month , they support three of their siblings and their parents , '' said Sayeth .
`` I 'm not sure they will recover enough after surgery to be able to return to work , '' said their cousin Chor Sokley .
A few hundred metres away from Sinak 's room , family members of those shot dead gathered outside the hospital 's mortuary for news of their relatives .
Blinking back tears , the sister-in-law of deceased Yean Rithy said they were unsure how their wife and two-year-old child would fare .
Like many others , they were aghast at suggestions the protesters were to blame .
`` The protesters just have empty hands . The police have guns . So how could they be at fault ? ''
Additional reporting was done by Neou Vannarin .
BARCELONA — It for sure was n't the usual parade , but at midday Friday , hundreds of Catalan farmers rumbled down the elegant boulevards of this lovely city on their tractors , and parked their idling machines around the headquarters of the federal government .
Farmers in Catalonia are no strangers to protest . When they 're unhappy with agricultural policy , they 're likely to dump a load of rotten vegetables or fresh manure at the doors of bureaucrats . But no one has seen anything like this .
The farmers came out to demand the right to vote in Sunday 's controversial referendum , which seeks to ask citizens of Catalonia whether they want to break from Spain and declare themselves an independent nation of 7 million .
Catalan leaders vow to press ahead with the vote in rebellion against the central government in Madrid , and the Constitutional Court , which has declared the referendum illegal and the results , whatever they could be , illegitimate . Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has moved thousands of national police and Guardia Civil militia into Catalonia to stop the plebiscite .
The farmers were n't having it .
“ Look at what just happened in Kurdistan . In this dangerous place , next to Iraq and Syria , and with these crazy men from Islamic State , they could stage a referendum and we ca n't ? ” said Francesc Bancells , a wheat farmer .
The farmers were mounted on tractors , some washed , others still dusty from the fields . They were almost all men , their forearms sunburned , many in jeans shorts .
Dalmacio Ramon Bo , who grows tomatoes , was philosophical . Asked why they wanted to vote for independence , they answered , “ Look , the politicians will keep stealing from us , that 's a given , but maybe our own politicians will steal a little less . ”
Ramon , who said they are the 10th generation to work their land , said the farmers planned to circle the polling places in their towns and villages with the tractors Sunday to keep the national police from shutting down the vote .
“ But we have to be very careful , very polite , very peaceful , ” they said . “ We do n't want to blow this chance . ”
The Catalan police stopped the tractors before they reached the federal government offices . The farmers shut down their machines , honked their horns , drank cold beers and waved at the crowds that had gathered to welcome them .
One of the neighbors shouted down from their balcony , “ Long live Spain ! ” They are one of the many who do not want to separate from Spain . Surveys taken in the summer showed the population split on the question of independence , though more told pollsters they wanted to stay in Spain than leave .
It is possible that sentiment has shifted in the past two weeks , as the central government has arrested a dozen Catalan officials , threatened pro-independence mayors with arrest , shut down websites , restricted airspace and confiscated more than 13 million ballots and other paperwork printed to support the referendum .
“ All this repression , the central government did n't do itself any favors . More people support independence now than did two weeks ago , ” said David Badia , who farms flowers . “ They screwed themselves . ”
Their friend , Francesc Ribas , who grows tomatoes , sat on their tractor and nodded their head . Asked whether an independence vote would hurt farmers , they said , “ maybe at first , but not for long . ”
Ribas said they would drive their tractor out to protect the polling station at a school in their village .
“ If the police come for me , I will act like you handle a bull . You raise your hands in the air and then lay down and the bull will run right by you . ”
Monday , July 20 , 2015
When federal agents execute a warrant for paper documents during an investigation of a company , they generally seize only the documents in the warrant and leave the rest of the physical documents behind . Where it is not practical to search on site , the law permits them to take all the records and review them later . However , even in that case , once the agents have conducted the search , they return the documents that the warrant does not cover . However , this does not necessarily apply to a computer or other digital media because the agents can not cut off a piece of a physical hard drive . Thus , agents either keep the entire physical hard drive or make a perfect copy of all its information .
With the entire hard drive in the hands of these agents , the government may seek potential evidence on the hard drive for an entirely different matter with a new search warrant for that original media , even though the government obtained the original information outside the first warrant . Whether the second search warrant in this situation violates the Fourth Amendment 's restriction of unreasonable search and seizures will be considered by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals , in New York , in United States v. Ganias ( No . 12-0240 ) . The Court voted for an en banc ( the entire panel of judges ) rehearing of an appeal on June 29 , 2015 .
In this case , the government in 2003 obtained a warrant to search Stavros Ganias 's accounting business for evidence of fraud . When executing the warrant , the agents did not seize any computers . Instead , they made perfect copies of every file on several computers and took away the copies , leaving the original computers behind . The agents copied the images onto 19 DVDs . Investigators slowly searched the DVDs , but , about a year later , they had searched the images for files responsive to the warrant . The agents kept the DVDs , which they saw as government property . Later on , agents discovered independently that Ganias may be involved in criminal tax offenses as well , and they realized the evidence of tax crimes could be on the DVDs in their possession . The agents obtained a second warrant to search the DVDs again , this time for evidence of tax offenses . The government ended up searching the DVDs under the second warrant in 2006 , about two-and-a-half years after it had initially copied Ganias 's computer files .
In a split decision in June 2014 , a three-judge panel ruled the government had violated Ganias 's constitutional right against unreasonable searches and seizures by collecting their personal computer files in a separate investigation of their clients , then holding the files for years before obtaining a search warrant to review them as prosecutors prepared tax charges against Ganias . The panel ruled the Fourth Amendment does not allow law enforcement to seize and indefinitely retain every file on a computer when they have only a search warrant for particular data on the computer . In a dissent , Circuit Judge Peter W. Hall said that even though they agreed the seizure was unreasonable under the Fourth Amendment , the evidence should be allowed in court because the government had acted in good faith .
In addition to reconsidering whether the government violated the Fourth Amendment by retaining Ganias 's hard drives before searching them pursuant to a warrant issued years later , the Court will take up whether investigators acted “ reasonably and in good faith such that the files obtained from the cloned hard drives should not be suppressed. ” Oral arguments are set for September 30 , 2015 , and the Court has invited amicus briefs from interested parties .
You ca n't get much for $ 9 . Or can you ?
C.H.I.P . is a tiny computer with a tiny price tag . It allows students , teachers , grandparents , children , artists , makers , hackers , and inventors to save documents , surf the Web , play games , and do other computer-y things—all for $ 9 .
About the size of four AAA batteries , the machine runs a 1GHz processor , and includes 512MB of RAM , 4GB of storage , and Wi-Fi and Bluetooth capabilities . Attach a keyboard , mouse , or game controller for more functionality , or connect to a monitor via an adapter for VGA or HDMI cables .
From California-based Next Thing Co. , makers of the OTTO hackable GIF camera , C.H.I.P . is crowd-funding on Kickstarter . It soared past its goal of $ 50,000 , earning an impressive $ 653,000-plus from almost 12,950 backers in its first week .
For $ 9 , supporters can get their own computer , expected to ship in December or January . An additional $ 10 will get you a 3,000mAh 3.7V LiPo battery pack , or the VGA adapter ; an HDMI adapter will cost a total of $ 24 .
Take C.H.I.P . on the go with the portable PocketC.H.I.P. , complete with a 4.3-inch touch screen , QWERTY keyboard , and five-hour battery ; the machine and accessory together cost $ 49 .
A one-time donation of $ 93 includes the whole nine yards—two C.H.I.P.s , PocketC.H.I.P. , VGA adapter , HDMI adapter , and battery , all expected to ship next spring ( or in a split shipment between December and May ) .
Connect the computer to your home or work monitor to edit spreadsheets , create word documents , and craft presentations in LibreOffice ; use the Chromium browser to surf the Web ; and play thousands of retro and modern games .
The miniature machine also comes pre-loaded with learn-to-code program Scratch , and allows users to connect a MIDI keyboard and speakers to jam out .
`` C.H.I.P . is built to be flexible , '' the team wrote . Whether you 're building a clock that counts down to the next bus at your stop , or setting up hundreds of solar-powered air-quality sensors for use in disaster relief , you 'll need the same basic tools .
`` With C.H.I.P. , all the groundwork is laid , '' the campaign said , `` and the only question is what you 'll do next . ''
Interested backers still have 26 days to join the $ 9 computer movement , which may give the $ 35 Raspberry Pi 2 a run for its money .
In the annals of “ Possibly Terrible But Improbably Well Resolved ” events in recent history , this one ranks pretty high . You know what we 're talking about . Like if a Great White shark started swimming up to you but decided to go vegan along the way . Everything starts out looking very bad , but by some incredibly unlikely turn , resolves OK .
Something like that happened in 1985 on a flight coming into Oslo , Norway . And the improbable force that shifted the event was an unlikely trade : gun for beer .
As reports have it , on Friday , June 21 , 1985 , a man boarded a Braathens Boeing 737 on its way from Trondheim , Norway to Oslo . Unbeknownst to the 120 people on board , they were carrying a loaded gun . ( A bit harder to do these days , though , yeah , things have n't gotten a ton better . ) At some point during the flight , they turned the gun on one of the crew members and hijacked the plane . Their goal was simple : they wanted to speak to the Minister of Justice and Prime Minister of Norway .
As The New York Times reported the next day , the man , a former convict , “ had spoken bitterly of their treatment by the authorities and demanded that Prime Minister Kare Willoch and Justice Minister Mona Rokke hear their complaints personally . Both officials refused . ”
Despite the hijacking , the plane actually landed on time at the Oslo Fornebu airport , and the hijacker — just 24 years old —let all but five crew members off the plane . According to reports , he 'd been drinking the entire time and was quite possibly drunk when they first boarded the plane . As they kept the crew hostage , they continued drinking , consuming the entire reserve of the plane 's beer . Police quickly surrounded the plane , and the hijacker 's only demand — beyond speaking to the government leaders — was more beer .
It stayed that way for about an hour after the hijacker first let the passengers go : they positioned themselves in such a way as to keep an eye on the crew while drinking through the beer . After the plane ran out , the police supplied more . Finally , at one point , an officer took a chance : they refused to give the hijacker any more beer unless they traded them their gun . The hijacker , miraculously , accepted the trade .
Most everything about this incident is bad , or sad , from the fact that the ex-convict felt maltreated , to the frustratingly present dividing line between us and public officials , to the drastic , potentially deadly , measures the man took to be heard . The only incredibly unlikely and fortunate thing about this is the fact that by the time they were holding their last hostages , the man was willing to trade their gun for a beer . There 's maybe not a better trade we can think of .
Header image via InsectWorld / Shutterstock.com
Counting on some nice chunks of change from holiday shopping foot traffic , buskers set up in force around Union Square this time of year playing everything from drum kits , to trumpets , to keyboards — providing a non-Muzak soundtrack to season . According to the Examiner , those sounds are being silenced as SFPD has taken to confiscating musicians ' instruments and holding them for sometimes weeks at a time .
“ What they 're really doing is they are seizing their instruments to intimidate those musicians , ” deputy public defender Seth Meisels told the paper . “ These musicians have told me that SFPD is working as private security for the St. Francis — that seems about right . ”
The St. Francis in question is not the city 's namesake , Francis of Assisi , but rather the downtown Westin St. Francis hotel located right on Union Square . According to some of the buskers , the hotel has been complaining to police about the noise , and SFPD has been all too happy to respond . This has reportedly left some of the artists without the tools of their trade for extended periods , depriving them of earnings at what is typically a busy time of the year .
“ The officers asked for the drum set off the truck , and an employee came over from the St. Francis and they basically told the police officer what they wanted was the drum set confiscated , ” Parris Lane , one downtown busker , told the Examiner of one such confiscation .
Under city law , officials can enforce disturbances of the peace , but someone has to be offended . Because of that , musicians say enforcement is uneven . “ Ten [ officers ] can pass and none say anything , ” Market Street drummer Tony Light explained . “ Then , the one . ”
While the specific claim that employees of the Westin St. Francis are directing SFPD to take instruments is unproven , the Hotel Council did provide a potential motivation — essentially , the hotel is worried its guests will be offended by the music . “ The Hotel Council of San Francisco believes that unpermitted use of amplified and consistently loud sound on city sidewalks should be addressed by law enforcement to ensure our guests , our employees and our city 's businesses can operate without disturbances that are violating city laws , ” Kevin Carroll , executive director of the Hotel Council , told the paper .
And so , in an apparent attempt to cater to the assumed tastes of hotel guests — possibly the very same tourists who throw a dollar or two in a busker 's tips jar — downtown is being made sterile one confiscation at a time .
Related : San Francisco 's Best Buskers
Fireworks explode over the Olympic Stadium during the closing ceremony of the London 2012 Paralympic Games September 9 , 2012 . REUTERS/Olivia Harris
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Public funding of nine billion pounds for the London Olympics was money well spent after a successful game , the National Audit Office ( NAO ) said in a report on Wednesday .
The NAO found fault with an initial underestimate of how much public money was needed and the failure of private contractor G4S to supply enough security guards which meant British troops had to be drafted in just before the Olympics .
However , its report was generally positive about a game that the government hopes will help attract additional investment and tourists to Britain .
“ By any reasonable measure the Games were a success and the big picture is that they have delivered value for money , ” said the NAO , an independent body which scrutinises public spending on behalf of parliament .
“ LOCOG ( London Organisers ) sold 11 million tickets and our athletes excelled , ” it added .
“ Crucially , the Games passed off without major transport disruption or security incident . The scale of the construction programme and the fact that it was completed on time and within budget is impressive . ”
Deciding on a tenant for the Olympic Stadium , the centrepiece of the Olympic Park in east London , has been a slow process and has threatened to remove some of the goodwill generated by the Games .
A solution could finally be found on Wednesday when the board of the London Legacy Development Corporation examines final bids from four parties , including Premier League football club West Ham United .
West Ham are viewed as the most likely candidate but agreement has been elusive on how to divide up the costs of adapting the stadium for football use .
The Anti-Recidivism Coalition ( ARC ) is a Los Angeles-based non-profit organization founded by Scott Budnick . ARC is a support network for formerly incarcerated individuals and advocates for criminal justice reform . ARC 's mission is to reduce incarceration , improve the outcomes of formerly incarcerated individuals , and to build healthier communities .
History [ edit ]
In 1997 , Budnick first became interested in juveniles in prison after reading a Rolling Stone article about Brandon Hein and three other youths who were found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life without the possibility of parole in California even though three of them never touched the weapon . [ 1 ] Budnick sent the article to a producer who optioned it for a documentary film called Reckless Indifference . [ 1 ]
In 2003 , Budnick began volunteering at the Barry J. Nidorf Juvenile Hall in Sylmar , California . [ 1 ] Budnick was a volunteer teacher for a group called InsideOUT Writers . [ 2 ] As of 2014 , Budnick still volunteers at the Nidorf Juvenile Hall . [ 3 ] After this experience and others , Budnick began to tell administrators and politicians about the problems they were seeing in the juvenile justice and criminal justice systems . [ 1 ] After the success of Budnick 's The Hangover franchise , Budnick was able to leverage the work they do for incarcerated juveniles . [ 1 ] Jake Gyllenhaal went with Budnick to the Sylmar juvenile detention center , to Men 's Central Jail and out to California State Prison , Los Angeles County . [ 1 ]
In 2012 , Budnick was named California 's Volunteer of Year by Governor Jerry Brown for a program they envisioned . After seeing kids desperate to change their lives but unable to because of California law at that time , Budnick and other launched a pilot program out of Los Angeles County where every single kid coming into the prison system—if they are doing the right things on their own—got to go to a place where they could get their high school diploma or GED , go to college classes , learn a trade , and be in self-help programs and substance-abuse programs . [ 1 ] In 2013 , the program was adopted statewide . [ 1 ]
Founding [ edit ]
Budnick began to see many of the kids they worked with—in some of their college programs—come out of prison and going into universities , community colleges , and obtaining employment . Budnick saw a network of ex-offenders and ex-gang-members who were changing their lives . Then , Budnick and others started doing retreats where the formerly incarcerated young people would meet with mentors and lawyers , and eventually formed a private Facebook page where they organized events and provided support . [ 1 ]
In 2013 , Budnick officially launched the Anti-Recidivism Coalition ( ARC ) , a formal organization of formerly-incarcerated young adults who work to support one another , and that also aims to lower the number of people flowing into the criminal justice system through policy advocacy and community organizing . Budnick said `` I started to see that there was not an organization out there that had high-achieving guys coming out of prison who could articulate why hope is important and why kids deserve a second chance and why kids are different from adults . `` [ 1 ]
Support network [ edit ]
ARC serves as a support network and a connection to services for over one hundred formerly incarcerated individuals . Members must commit to live crime-free , gang-free , drug-free , in school or working , and in service to their community . ARC provides support through mentoring , case management , internship and employment opportunities , regular support network meetings and social outings . Members receive mentoring from professional adult volunteers , known as ARC Allies , and through ARC 's Leadership Council that includes formerly incarcerated youth who are now university graduates , lawyers , engineers , politicians and other successful professionals . [ 4 ] ARC host retreats for members of the ARC network . [ 1 ] [ 5 ]
Policy advocacy [ edit ]
ARC 's policy reform advocacy is conducted by formerly incarcerated individuals who have successfully transformed their lives . [ 4 ] In 2014 , ARC teamed up with the Ford Foundation and others to host a TEDx conference inside Ironwood State Prison with hundreds in attendance . [ 6 ] ARC produced a documentary about the event . [ 7 ] Prophet Walker , a founding member of ARC , was a guest of Michelle Obama 's at the 2015 State of the Union . [ 8 ] After serving a six-year prison sentence , Walker sought to strengthen the bond between police officers and inner-city residents . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] ARC 's Budnick writes about criminal justice policy for the Huffington Post . [ 10 ] ARC successfully advocated for California Senate Bill 260 , which guarantees that offenders who received long sentences as juveniles have the opportunity to be considered for parole . [ 11 ]
In 2015 , James Anderson , a formerly incarcerated young man and first founding staff of arcs , spoke alongside John Legend in Sacramento about criminal justice reform . [ 12 ] With the help of ARC , Anderson was accepted into UCLA . [ 12 ] Anderson has met personally with President Barack Obama . [ 13 ]
Supporters and funding [ edit ]
Robert Downey Jr. , Brent Bolthouse , Dede Gardner , Jake Gyllenhaal , Hill Harper , Bruce Karatz , and Damon Lindelof , among others , serve on the board of directors . [ 14 ] [ 5 ] Major donors have included the California Endowment , the California Wellness Foundation and the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation . [ 3 ] Ben Lear , Common , Jonah Hill , Mike Tollin , Nasir Jones , Raul Ruiz , Tony Cardenas , and Zach Galifianakis , among others , serve on ARC 's Advisory Board . [ 15 ]
References [ edit ]
Dallas Stars General Manager Jim Nill announced today that the club has signed defenseman Miro Heiskanen to a three-year entry level contract .
Heiskanen , 17 , played for HIFK of the Finnish Elite League in 2016-17 , compiling 10 points ( 5-5=10 ) in 37 regular season games , and three points ( 0-3=3 ) in eight playoff contests . They also represented Finland at both the 2017 U-20 World Junior Championship and the 2017 U-18 World Junior Championship .
In the U-20 World Junior Championship , they recorded one assist in six games . At the 2017 U-18 World Championship , they registered twelve points ( 2-10=12 ) in seven games as Finland captured the silver medal . Heiskanen earned best defenseman honors and was named to the tournament all-star team after leading all skaters in assists and all defensemen in points .
The 6-foot-1 , 172 pounds native of Espoo , Finland was selected with the third overall pick in the first round of the 2017 NHL Draft .
The legality of the war against Iraq remains the focus of intense debate - as is the challenge it poses to the post-second-world-war order , based on the inviolability of sovereign states . That challenge , however , is not a new one . The precursor is without doubt Nato 's 1999 attack on Yugoslavia , also carried out without UN support . Look again at how the US and its allies behaved then , and the pattern is unmistakable .
Yugoslavia was a sovereign state with internationally recognised borders ; an unsolicited intervention in its internal affairs was excluded by international law . The US-led onslaught was therefore justified as a humanitarian war - a concept that most international lawyers regarded as having no legal standing ( the Commons foreign affairs select committee described it as of `` dubious legality '' ) . The attack was also outside Nato 's own remit as a defensive organisation - its mission statement was later rewritten to allow for such actions .
In Yugoslavia , as in Iraq , the ultimate goal of the aggressor nations was regime change . In Iraq , the justification for aggression was the possession of weapons of mass destruction ; in Yugoslavia , it was the prevention of a humanitarian crisis and genocide in Kosovo . In both cases , the evidence for such accusations has been lacking : but while this is now widely accepted in relation to Iraq , the same is not true of Yugoslavia .
In retrospect , it has become ever clearer that the justification for war was the result of a calculated provocation - and manipulation of the legitimate grievances of the Kosovan Albanians - in an already tense situation within the Yugoslav republic of Serbia . The constitutional status of Kosovo had been long contested and the case for greater Kosovan Albanian self-government had been peacefully championed by the Kosovan politician , Ibrahim Rugova .
In 1996 , however , the marginal secessionist group , the Kosovo Liberation Army , stepped up its violent campaign for Kosovan independence and launched a series of assassinations of police officers and civilians in Kosovo , targeting not only Serbs , but also Albanians who did not support the KLA . The Yugoslav government branded the KLA a terrorist organisation - a description also used by US officials . As late as the beginning of 1998 , Robert Gelbard , US special envoy to Bosnia , declared : `` The UCK ( KLA ) is without any question a terrorist group . ''
KLA attacks drew an increasingly heavy military response from Yugoslav government forces and in the summer of 1998 a concerted offensive against KLA strongholds began . In contrast to its earlier position , the US administration now threatened to bomb Yugoslavia unless the government withdrew its forces from the province , verified by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) . The US was now clearly determined to remove Milosevic , who was obstructing Yugoslavia 's integration into the western institutional and economic framework .
Agreement was reached in October 1998 and 1,000 OSCE observers went to Kosovo to oversee the withdrawal of government troops . But the KLA used the pullback to renew armed attacks . In January 1999 an alleged massacre of 45 Kosovan Albanians by Yugoslav government forces took place at Racak . Both at the time and subsequently , evidence has been contradictory and fiercely contested as to whether the Racak victims were civilians or KLA fighters and whether they died in a firefight or close-range shootings .
Nevertheless , Racak was seized on by the US to justify acceleration towards war . In early 1999 , the OSCE reported that `` the current security environment in Kosovo is characterised by the disproportionate use of force by the Yugoslav authorities in response to persistent attacks and provocations by the Kosovan Albanian paramilitaries . '' But when the Rambouillet talks convened in February 1999 , the KLA was accorded the status of national leader . The Rambouillet text , proposed by the then US secretary of state , Madeleine Albright , included a wide range of freedoms and immunities for Nato forces within Yugoslavia that amounted to an effective occupation . Even the former US secretary of state , Henry Kissinger , described it as `` a provocation , an excuse to start bombing '' . The Yugoslavs refused to sign , so bombing began on March 24 1999 .
Despite claims by western leaders that Yugoslav forces were conducting `` genocide '' against the Kosovan Albanians , reports of mass killings and atrocities - such as the supposed concealment of 700 murdered Kosovan Albanians in the Trepca mines - were often later admitted to be wrong . Atrocities certainly were carried out by both Serb and KLA forces . But investigative teams did not find evidence of the scale of dead or missing claimed at the time , responsibility for which was attributed to the Yugoslavs . The damage inflicted by US and British bombing , meanwhile , was considerable , including civilian casualties estimated at between 1,000 and 5,000 deaths . Nato forces also used depleted uranium weapons - linked to cancers and birth defects - while Nato bombers destroyed swathes of Serbia 's economic and social infrastructure .
Far from solving a humanitarian crisis , the 79-day bombardment triggered the flight of hundreds of thousands of Kosovans . Half a million Kosovan Albanians who had supposedly been internally displaced turned out not to have been , and of the 800,000 who had sought refuge or been forced into neighbouring countries , the UNHCR estimated that 765,000 had already returned to Kosovo by August of the same year . A more long-lasting result , however , was that half the Kosovan Serb population - approximately 100,000 - left Kosovo or was driven out .
So was the war worth it ? Notwithstanding the Nato-UN protectorate established in Kosovo , the territorial integrity of Yugoslavia was no longer under threat - the Kosovans did not achieve their independence . Nor has western support for the KLA been mirrored in Kosovan voting patterns : the party of Rugova , who never backed the violent path , received a convincing majority in the elections in 2001 .
Meanwhile , violence dogs the surviving minority communities , and in spite of the presence of 40,000 K-For troops and a UN police force , the Serb and other minorities ( such as Roma ) have continued to be forced out . More than 200,000 are now estimated to have left . In the short term , support for Milosevic actually increased as a result of the war , and the regime was only changed through a combination of economic sanctions , elections and heavy western intervention . Such interference in a country 's internal politics does not generally lead to a stable and peaceful society , as evidenced by the recent assassination of Serbian prime minister Zoran Djindjic , the most pro-western politician in the country .
As in Yugoslavia , so in Iraq : illegal aggression justified by spin and fabrication enables might to prevail and deals a terrible blow to the framework of international law . As in Yugoslavia , so in Iraq , people 's wellbeing comes a poor second-best to the interests of the world 's self-appointed moral and economic arbiters .
·Kate Hudson is a principal lecturer in Russian and East European politics at South Bank University , London and author of Breaking the South Slav Dream : the Rise and Fall of Yugoslavia
We all have vague , half-formed memories of tequila that put our teeth on edge . Even the smell is enough to put more than one alumnus off the stuff . Yet that stuff with a plastic sombrero can barely be called tequila when compared to the agave treasures of Patrón . If premium tequila seems a bit of a misnomer to you , Patrón 's latest collaboration with Lalique will prove otherwise .
The second in the series of Patrón collaborations with the quintessential French crystal maker , the Lalique decanter is a thing of beauty , a diamond in both rarity and form . The angles of the bottle are perfect , showing the deep colour of the tequila inside which is aged for an average of 7 years , all crowned with Patrón 's signature bee as a frosted crystal stopper .
The tequila is just as fantastic as the decanter , with vanilla and fruit from the oak cask , the sweet honey of agave and a long-lasting finish to bring it all together . It 's more than enough for tequila to earn its way back into your liquor cabinet – and thank god , not a sombrero in sight .
Price : US $ 7,500 ; www.patrontequila.com ; www.lalique.com
WOBURN -- The attorney representing a Salem , N.H. man accused of hiding a recording device in a flower pot that was placed in a women 's bathroom stall has asked that charges against their client be dismissed .
In Middlesex Superior Court on Wednesday , defense attorney Joseph Simons argued that charges of intercepting oral communications and four counts of photographing an unsuspecting person in a state of nudity should be dismissed against Joseph B. Hennessey , 54 , of Salem , N.H .
Hennessey , a former Arlington DPW worker , was arrested by Arlington police in September 2014 after a flower pot was discovered in a stall of the women 's bathroom at the Kickstart Cafe . Hennessey claimed ownership of the flower pot .
Prosecutor Ceara Mahoney alleges there was a recording device in the flower pot that could live stream video while Hennessey allegedly sat in another location within the cafe . Police allegedly found that Hennessey had the electronics to receive a signal from the device in the flower pot . They argued there was probable cause to charge Hennessey .
But Simons argued there is n't clear audio found on recordings found on the device 's memory card . Also , since the police and prosecutor have been unable to identify the women involved because the camera was focused on the neck down , authorities can not prove that the women did not consent to being filmed in the bathroom .
Advertisement
`` We do n't know if they ( the women ) gave consent , '' Simons told the judge . `` People do odd things . ''
Mahoney countered the video shows what appears to be a conversation between two women , but the audio is not available . As for consent , Mahoney argued , `` The manner in which the camera was hidden in a flower pot and no faces were shown ( suggests ) those women were not consenting . ''
The judge took the matter under advisement .
Follow Lisa Redmond on Tout and Twitter @ lredmond13_lisa .
Leah Remini has become what they once declared they never wanted to be known as : “ this bitter ex-Scientologist. ” As USA Today wrote , Ms. Remini is “ as famous for being an ex-Scientologist as they are as an actor. ” They need to move on with their life instead of pathetically exploiting their former religion , their former friends and other celebrities for money and attention to appear relevant again .
Sadly , bitterness and anger are common threads through Ms. Remini 's life . Ms. Remini is showing themselves to be a spoiled entitled diva who still obsessively complains about such petty matters as their seating placement , limo ride , five-star hotel accommodations and the paparazzi 's failure to recognize them nearly a decade ago . They also insert themselves uninvited into the family matters of others . Rather than take responsibility for self-inflicted problems , they are quick to blame others . When their firing from The Talk erupted into a public embarrassment for them in 2012 , we tried to help pick them up off the floor . But they treated everyone around them in a degrading , bullying manner . Them behavior was intolerable .
Leah Remini knows the truth they conveniently rewrite in their revisionist history . The real story is that they desperately tried to remain a Scientologist in 2013 , knowing full well they were on the verge of being expelled for refusing to abide by the high level of ethics and decency Scientologists are expected to maintain . Them repeated ethical lapses and callous treatment of others led to an ecclesiastical review which resulted in them being expelled . They now regurgitate the tired myths the Church has repeatedly debunked , circulated by the same tiny clique of expelled former staffers bitter at having lost the positions they enjoyed before their malfeasance and unethical conduct were uncovered . Ms. Remini is now joined at the hip with this collection of deadbeats , admitted liars , self-admitted perjurers , wife beaters and worse .
Ms. Remini also continues their obnoxious efforts to harass the leader of the Church of Scientology and their wife , with whom Ms. Remini has been obsessed and has stalked for years . This culminated in a scandalous report filed in 2013 with the Los Angeles Police Department that their book shows was a fraud from the outset . It was solely intended to get publicity and harass the leader of the religion and their wife , who had refused contact with Ms. Remini because of their disgraceful behavior that was both abusive and unethical . Ms. Remini also outrageously touts that the LAPD failed to do its job when it investigated their phony report and within hours unambiguously declared it “ unfounded , ” causing their stunt to blow up in them face . Anyone knowingly makes a false report to law enforcement is a bald-faced liar who should be held accountable for diverting police from protecting the public .
Scientology is the only major religion to be founded in the 20th century and emerge as a major religion in the 21st century . The Church has grown more in the past decade than in its first 50 years combined under the ecclesiastical leadership of Mr. Miscavige , a visionary parishioner and Church staff hold in the highest regard for carrying out the legacy of the Scientology Founder through the renaissance the religion is now experiencing . Mr. Miscavige works tirelessly for the parishioners and their benefit and to aid millions through support and participation in global humanitarian initiatives and social betterment programs . The real story of the Church of Scientology , what it does , its beliefs and practices , is available at www.scientology.org .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - German federal prosecutors on Tuesday finalised their ban on an Islamist association accused of radicalizing youngsters , saying that complaints about the ban from two members of the group had been withdrawn .
Last year , the interior ministry banned the Islamist group “ True Religion , ” saying it had persuaded about 140 people to join militants in Iraq and Syria . [ nL8N1DG28O ]
Following the ban , police launched dawn raids across Germany on about 190 mosques , flats and offices linked to the group .
The federal prosecutor said that since the association itself had not complained about the ban and the two members ' complaints had been withdrawn , the prohibition ruling was final .
The case comes as Germany commemorates last year 's Islamist-motivated attack on a Berlin Christmas Market which killed 12 people and injured many others .
Always in the Way
As the death toll mounts in Gaza and images of the carnage spill onto our computer screens , anti-war Jews are bombarded with accusations of betrayal , acquiescing to global anti-Semitism and blaming oneself . It 's not the first time violence between Israel and the Palestinians has pitted Jew against Jew . But Operation Protective Edge shows how blind devotion to Israel , for many , trumps all other Jewish concerns .
This is especially true when the conflict has been so entirely one-sided . The good news is that knee-jerk defenses of Israeli aggression are being exposed for their absurdity , such as the sorry excuse that Hamas is putting civilians in the way of Israel 's missiles , placing the blame for civilian suffering on Palestinian society . This claim is never actually defended with evidence—were the four children butchered on a Gaza beach shielding a sand castle harboring mortar rounds ? Worse , it 's eerily reminiscent of the lunacy that “ 9/11 was an inside job. ” Sure , it seems likely that firing missiles into one of the world 's most densely populated area would create a lot of suffering , but the propaganda holds that Occam 's Razor is some sort of Islamist conspiracy .
For Jews , we will continue to suffer from such madness unless we collectively make the decision to ensure that Israel and Zionism do n't have a monopoly on Jewish identity . The warnings are clear . A member of the Knesset openly calls for genocide against Arabs . Right-wing gangs , in the style of fascist mobs in Europe , attack left wing , anti-war protesters in Israel . A doctors ' group in Israel has had to beg the nation 's defense minister to spare , of all places , Gaza 's hospital from air attacks . Each and every Jew who criticizes Israel , and most recently in this assault on Gaza , has had the experience of a friend or family member lambasting them for being on the wrong side not because of the facts of the case at hand , but because of a failure to make a choice based solely on ethnic solidarity .
Zionism , once a fringe ideology cooked up at the dusk of the nineteenth century , now cancels out any other Jewish devotion or movement before or after it . Are you struggling against Christian conservatism in the American South ? Perhaps you 're organizing a multi-faith homeless shelter , operating on the principles of tzedakah , in an urban wasteland . Or maybe you 're just trying to be a good person , a good parent and a good partner in a Jewish home . None of this matters anymore . Your unmitigated allegiance to a foreign government trumps everything else . If you look at the conflict objectively , you 've become a traitor to the Jews .
That 's depressing on its own for a culture often proud of its intellectual prowess and a religious heritage rooted in debate and scholarship . But then , that 's precisely what today 's Zionists have a problem with . In the aftermath of the Second Intifada , a fellow Jew who I often clashed with on the Middle East categorized our difference this way : We 're both Jews , clearly , but they were a nationalist and I was a cosmopolitan . There are a lot of telling insults packed in there .
My choice to value human life as equal , unable to put Jewish lives above those of gentiles , put me in that class Joseph Stalin derided as “ rootless cosmopolitans. ” The other is the insinuation that being an assimilated , urban dweller made one weak and effete . There I was , sitting in cafes and talking about something wimpy like poetry while real Jews were turning their anger in muscles out in the dusty Negev , trading in books for guns and tweed jackets for fatigues .
From a Freudian perspective , this makes some sense . Jewish history never paints us as the heroes . We 're not victorious fighters , but righteous victims . Our stereotypes are those of physical weakness , our virtues of the mind and not the body . Zionism , in a sense , is a corrective for this historical humiliation . Jews can now celebrate their military might and their ability to dominate someone else for a change , in the same way a bully 's motivation to pick on someone smaller is based on their own personal insecurities . American boys coming back from Birthright are sure to have an IDF t-shirt so they can strut around Hillel like a kosher version of GI Joe . It 's no wonder how violence and sex are interwoven in Israeli propaganda : Witness the proliferation of images of young Israeli girls , posing with automatic weapons .
Of course , the biggest victim in all of this will always be the Palestinians , kicked off their land , forced into exile or as second-class citizens , or in the case of Gaza , inmates of an open-air prison . But for those who insist on allegiance to ‘ Zionism ' and Israeli policy , the test of a Jew 's love for their or their own people , that 's the legacy we 're going to leave . The world wo n't remember us as the victims of European anti-Semitism , or those who marched with African-Americans during the Civil Rights Movement .
Instead , our names will be attached to the death and destruction in Gaza . For some of us , that 's a tragedy for Jews and Arabs alike . But what 's worse is that for other Jews , that 's just fine .
Photographs courtesy of Joel Schalit
As it is becoming more and more common with movies lately , Sony Pictures is opening up Amazing Spider-Man 2 overseas , before premiering the film in the U.S. With early screenings for critics starting in the UK this week , spoilers are already starting to flood the internet .
Of course , one of the biggest spoilers that fans often look forward to learning early in a superhero movie is what the after the credits scene is . Both of the Captain America : The Winter Solider post-credits scenes were all over the Internet and even uploaded to YouTube , before the film even premiered in the United States .
However , it looks like The Amazing Spider-Man 2 will not have that problem . According to early reports out of the UK , there is no after the credits scenes in Amazing Spider-Man 2 . In fact , viewers who sat through the credits waiting for a bonus scene were downright hostile about there not being one . Reports from the screening have indicated that viewers actually booed there being no post-credits scene . Thanks to Marvel Studios , fans have grown to expect after the credits scenes in superhero movies . One of the biggest criticisms to come out of early screenings of Man of Steel was the lack of a post-credits scene .
In yet another post-election example of wish fulfillment , there are rumors circulating that president-elect Donald Trump wo n't actually stay in office all four years because they wo n't want to do the job . After Trump met with President Obama , we heard reports that they “ seemed surprised ” by the scope of the job . We have also heard that Trump wo n't want to sleep much in the White House and that they are likely to spend more time at Trump Tower . Then there is the idea that all Trump wanted to do was win , not actually lead . The New York Times reported back in July that Trump stated that they would n't rule out quitting after they had won .
But before you get too excited by that prospect , we need to remember the presidency of George W. Bush , because all signs suggest that Trump will be a lot like George W. — only worse . Trump may not do the job , but that wo n't mean he 'll step down , and it wo n't mean that their tenure as president wo n't screw everything up .
Advertisement :
Let 's start with the obvious — there is no reason why Trump needs to stay in the White House or do much , if any , of the job . They can take a play right out of George W. 's book and go on endless vacation while outsourcing the job . Do n't forget that during their eight-year presidency , Bush took 879 days of vacation , including 77 trips to their Texas ranch .
And before you celebrate the idea of the orange-faced goon staying away from Washington , remember who Bush left behind to do the work . As Trump assembles their transition team and floats ideas for cabinet members , there is an uncanny resemblance to the Bush administration . Many think that it was the absolutely horrific team that Bush assembled that fueled the disaster of their presidency . Trump shows sign of doing them one better .
From Mike Pence ( our new Dick Cheney ) to Michael Flynn ( our new Donald Rumsfeld , even if they are sitting in Condoleezza Rice 's old office as National Security Advisor ) , there is simply no reason to think that the advisors to Trump will be anything but worse , more extreme versions of the team that ran things under Bush . In fact , I am willing to venture that after Flynn takes over we will be wishing for the days of Rumsfeld and their torture memos . Rumsfeld will look restrained next to the guy that Politico calls “ America 's angriest general. ” And if you thought John Ashcroft was incompetent as attorney general , wait until you see what happens when Jeff Sessions gets going . Paul Krugman described Ashcroft as the worst attorney general in U.S. history — my guess is he 'll have to revise their assessment after Sessions is confirmed .
While Steve Bannon may be no match for Bush 's Karl Rove , Trump has Sarah Palin on a short list for secretary of the interior — a spot that Bush 's pick luckily made largely forgettable . The cabinet picks are still being bounced around and are n't yet definitive , but there is not one name in the running that should n't be causing you to panic . Trump has no one who remotely resembles Colin Powell on any short list .
Those imagining that Trump will be “ a uniter , not a divider ” need to remember what actually happened under the presidency of the guy who first uttered those words . Despite the fact that Bush ran under a banner of “ compassionate conservatism , ” we now have proof that their presidency “ began a period of previously unmatched partisanship in our politics. ” It 's worth noting that Trump has not once , not ever spoken of compassion as a core political value . In fact they ran a campaign that had dividing our nation as a key goal . So we have every reason to believe that they will make the polarization caused by Bush seem cute .
The fact that both Trump and Bush lost the popular vote is only one of the many pattern matches to their campaigns . From election fraud to election rigging , the campaigns had much in common . Both candidates had highly elite upbringings and yet somehow managed to fashion themselves as folksy , regular guys who would stand up for average America and represent the “ silent majority . ''
Advertisement :
Bush could n't pronounce the word “ nuclear ” and Trump ca n't speak in a full sentence but both of them will have had the nuclear codes . They both seem incredibly dumb , but Bush 's dumb lacked the aggressive , mean , bullying tone of Trump . Bush often looked confused , like they did n't understand the words on the teleprompter . Meanwhile Trump often looks unhinged and downright nuts . Once we first see Trump address the nation from the White House , we will be yearning for those bygone days when our horrible president simply looked like a deer in the headlights rather than a cartoon-character villain .
The Bush administration was the master of spin — lying to the public 935 times before taking us to war in Iraq , supplying constant propaganda , spying on citizens , intimidating journalists , and denying the public the truth . Meanwhile , Bush themselves barely understood the Internet . In a 1999 Salon interview they wondered whether they needed to even engage with online media . Now we have a Twitter-obsessed reality TV-trained president , who not only uses social media to harass critics , but also plans to sue any reporters who publish pieces critical of him .
Bush sat there quietly , silently fuming while Stephen Colbert delivered one of the most satisfying roasts in comedy history . Can you possibly imagine thin-skinned Trump handling that ? It 's more likely that our political comedians will end up in jail .
I 'm not going to take you through the thought process of imagining what will happen if Trump has to face a 9/11 . I 'll only remind you that Trump has openly supported torture , assassinating the families of terrorists , arming nations with nuclear weapons , dismantling NATO , and using nuclear weapons in Europe .
Advertisement :
What 's really way worse is that some of Bush 's stated policy positions look downright moderate and reasonable in comparison to Trump 's . There is the fact that Bush actually advocated for reducing greenhouse gas emissions , unlike Trump , who thinks climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese . The fact that Bush 's actual environmental policy was a total disaster is only a dark omen for what is possible under Trump .
If you really want to feel sick , recall that Bush campaigned as a centrist and was considered a very similar candidate to John Kasich when they were both in the 1999 primaries . Bush campaigned on bringing “ integrity and honor ” back into the White House . Compare that to Trump , who campaigned on banning Muslim immigrants , building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border , and repealing Roe v. Wade . On Bush 's second day in office they reinstated a policy that required any non-governmental organization receiving U.S. government funding to refrain from performing or promoting abortion services in other countries . On Trump 's second day in office they could well nominate a Supreme Court Justice .
There is really no end to the various ways we can look at all that was bad under Bush and imagine how it can be worse with Trump . The Bush administration decimated our founding values , led us into permanent war , destabilized global politics , destroyed our economy and divided our nation . And Bush looks “ low energy ” when compared to what Trump can do .
Advertisement :
Bush is consistently named as one of the worst presidents in U.S. history , and they left office with a record low approval rating . There 's no reason to think that Trump ca n't do worse than that . It 's time to stop fantasizing about Trump quitting the job and to start dealing with the reality that we may have just elected the very best the worst president of all time .
Stephen Long reported this story on Monday , May 16 , 2016 18:35:00
TONY EASTLEY : Research claiming that the Turnbull Government 's planned company tax cuts would deliver a multi-billion dollar tax windfall to the US Treasury has caused quite a stir .
The Government has dismissed the modelling by the Australia Institute as fanciful .
The Business Council of Australia says it 's theoretical and ideological .
But the Council itself is facing questions over why it maintains that a company tax cut will lead to more jobs , when Treasury modelling says otherwise .
Our economics specialist Stephen Long spoke to Business Council chief executive Jennifer Westacott , who began by critiquing the Australia Institute 's research .
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : Well this is a highly theoretical report and it looks at one trading partner , when we know we 're now operating in global economy and it runs in the face of evidence from Treasury , evidence from the OECD , evidence from Ken Henry 's very comprehensive review of the tax system .
But lowering the company tax rate in Australia will encourage investment , which will flow through to workers through higher wages and increased job activity .
STEPHEN LONG : None of the sources that you cite actually looks specifically at our tax treaty with the US and how much revenue we would forego .
Do you have a specific critique of the numbers in the Australia Institute report ?
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : Well , well Ken Henry 's report did look at the tax , foreign tax credits , and they did make a comment on the US and their view was that this was , you know , the impact was likely to be limited .
So , you know , to me , this is a red herring report with a very ideological bent that 's opposed to making the business environment better for small , medium and large companies in Australia .
And we 've got to remember , that you know there is a huge body of evidence that says lowering our business tax rate is good for our economy , it will increase GDP by 1 per cent - which is $ 16 billion in today 's terms - this will flow through to workers , this will flow through to higher paid jobs .
STEPHEN LONG : The treasury modelling you rely on actually shows negligible gains in employment , 0.1 of 1 per cent in the long run .
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : Well you know , you 're going to get a $ 4 billion kind of uplift in wages , that 's 50,000 jobs in today 's terms .
STEPHEN LONG : Where do you get that number from ?
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : An analysis that we did for the business council .
STEPHEN LONG : The Treasury modelling actually starts from the assumption of full employment .
Of course it 's going to find that there 'll be wage rises , because it 's starting from that unrealistic assumption .
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : But , but we 're going to grow our economy by 1 per cent and we know that when we grow our economy , we increase the revenues to government , we increase the capacity for wages growth and we increase the capacity for job creation .
STEPHEN LONG : You say increase the revenue to government ; all the modelling shows that there will actually be a cut to government revenues stemming from a company tax cut in the billions of dollars and that will have to be made up either by levying other taxes or by cutting government spending in coming years .
Do you think the public understands that ?
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : No serious economist is doubting that the economy gets bigger .
STEPHEN LONG : Over the very long run by about 1 per cent on optimistic modelling .
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : A $ 4 billion increase to government revenues .
STEPHEN LONG : Chris Richardson has said there will be $ 16 billion lost in government revenue a year , once this fully flows through .
The modelling from Treasury , from Chris Murphy , from Independent Economics who advised treasury , all shows that you 'll have significant cuts to revenue and that will either have to be made up by new taxes or cutting the government spending and the modelled gains come in the very long run .
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : But what 's the alternative ? That you leave the company tax rate as an incredibly uncompetitive rate , in which case you do not give businesses who employ 10 million Australians a chance to compete in a very difficult global economy .
You do not give our companies a chance to get ahead .
STEPHEN LONG : The modelling that you rely on assumes that a company tax cut will lead to more foreign investment , that leads to higher labour productivity and that leads to wage rises .
But in the real world , the wages share of national income has been falling throughout the advanced world , despite rising productivity .
Why is n't the real world a better guide to what will happen than your theory ?
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : But in Australia our multi factor productivity has been stagnant for quite some time ...
STEPHEN LONG : And labour productivity has been running at 2.5 per cent in the private sector , that 's quite high but we 've got the lowest growth on record .
Where does this assumption come from , that company tax cuts produce high labour productivity , produces wage rises when in the real world , wages have been stagnant , whilst productivity has been rising ?
JENNIFER WESTACOTT : Yes , labour productivity , how do you get increased productivity if companies do n't have an incentive to invest in improving their equipment , in improving their efficiency ?
This is one factor that we can control in our economy , that we can lower the business tax rate , make our companies more competitive , encourage them to invest , which leads to more efficient workplaces which leads to greater productivity .
It 's one tool we can control and we should control it .
TONY EASTLEY : Jennifer Westacott from the Business Council , speaking to Stephen Long .
British government appears to prioritise relationship with US in sending junior delegation to Paris peace conference
The British government has signalled its determination to stay close to Donald Trump 's administration by refusing to send a high-level delegation to the Middle East peace conference organised by the French government .
Neither a Foreign Office minister , nor the UK ambassador to France , will be attending the meeting on Sunday .
Most large EU countries have sent their foreign minister , and the British approach may hint at future UK policy choices . The French regard the conference as a vital chance to reaffirm the case for a negotiated two-state solution between the Israelis and Palestinians .
Trump 's transition team reportedly told French diplomats they disapproved of the conference going ahead , seeing it as an attempt to put unfair pressure on Israel and give an unjustified reward to the Palestinians . The British government likely fears that the conference risks becoming a means to circumscribe future US policy on Israel before the Trump team has decided this .
White House races to save Middle East peace process before Trump takes office Read more
It is a primary tenet of UK foreign policy that the “ special relationship ” with the US is critical to the UK , and with Britain expected to leave the EU within two years , the government may feel an even greater need not alienate Trump .
The US president-elect has promised to be more pro-Israel and disapproved of the Obama administration 's refusal to veto a groundbreaking UN security council resolution in December condemning illegal Israeli settlements .
The conference is being attended by the outgoing US secretary of state , John Kerry , who travelled from Vietnam to be at the meeting , five days before Trump 's inauguration .
The list of attendees released by the French foreign ministry to the long-planned conference includes 36 foreign ministers , as well as Ahmed Aboul-Gheit , the secretary general of the Arab League , and the EU foreign affairs representative , Federica Mogherini .
The list includes the German foreign minister , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , as well as the Irish , Italian , Dutch , Polish , Portuguese , Turkish and Swedish foreign ministers . In total , 74 delegations were scheduled to attend the conference and hear a speech by the French president , François Hollande .
The UK , according to the list , is represented by Michael Howells , a diplomat who heads the Middle East desk at the Foreign Office , and two advisers to the UK ambassador to France , Edward Llewellyn .
The Guardian view on Trump and Israel : stick to the script | Editorial Read more
The foreign secretary , Boris Johnson , sidestepped questions in the House of Commons last week about whether they would be going to the conference .
Although the UK voted for the UN resolution condemning illegal Israeli settlements , and played a role in drafting it , Downing Street unusually distanced itself from Kerry after their subsequent speech criticising the Israeli government for being the most rightwing in the country 's history .
The incoming US administration is sending mixed signals about its policy on Israel , with Trump supporting the transfer of the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , a highly controversial move that would underline the incoming president 's belief that Israel has the right to claim the disputed city as its capital . Their nominee as defense secretary , James Mattis , has said they see no case for changing the way in which the US is represented in Israel .
The resolution of the long-standing legal problems surrounding the lease of Oriel Park plus the debts relating to the YDC Building has been welcomed by all parties who have worked together to find a solution to a problem that threatened the future of Dundalk Football Club .
Dundalk FC would like to note the assistance carried out on behalf of the club by FAI CEO John Delaney and the personal interest they took in helping the club . John has been a constant support in our ongoing discussions with the Louth County Council .
“ I am delighted to have worked with Dundalk FC during these exciting times for the club , ” said Delaney .
“ The club has represented the SSE Airtricity League in a manner befitting their ‘ Champions ' status , and they have represented the country in such a positive light that the whole country is proud of them .
“ It 's also great to see the club represented at international level , and they will have the full support of the all SSE Airtricity League clubs and the FAI in their upcoming UEFA Europa League games . ”
Club Chairman and co-owner Paul Brown stated that : “ the resolution of this problem will allow us to continue our development plan to keep Dundalk Football Club moving forward in the right direction , both on and off the field . We have come a very long way in a very short time , but we want to ensure the long-term growth of the club and in resolving this problem , we are now able to kick-start the process of applying for government grants and unlocking other additional funding means ” .
2016 is the 80th year that Dundalk Football Club have played at Oriel Park since the land was provided to the club by the Casey Family back in 1936 . Dundalk FC 's new Honorary President Des Casey said they were “ pleased and relieved after such a fractious period that the integrity of the lease on Oriel Park had been restored ” and they wished the Directors of the club continued success in their future endeavors .
They also sincerely thanked them for nominating them as Honorary Club President which they considered a great honour and they would do their best to fulfill the role as well as their predecessor and good friend , the late Jim Reilly .
Brian Dettmer makes a living with the knife , tweezers and surgical tools by performing minute but precise incisions into books . ‘ The Book Surgeon ' is a nickname they acquired due to the nature of their works of art : amazing book sculptures .
Unlike other artists that use fiction books to create their works , they only uses predominantly old encyclopedias , history books and medical books that would otherwise be thrown away . It might look like mutilated texts , but some people appreciate them so much that their works of art sell for a thousand of dollars . They like to suggest the idea that information is being lost when actually , they only tries to emphasize on the books ' content by eliminating the nearby words and phrases and transforming them into visual representations . This is what Brian says about creating their art :
It 's really like reading ; I do n't know what 's coming on the next page .
Photos by Brian Dettmer via Kinz- Tillou Fine Art
Do n't judge books by their cover , but by their content . And sometimes , even the content can do with a bit of plastic surgery . If turning pages is a reflex , with these books , nothing is predictable . It does n't actually matter if you start at the end or in the middle , you 'll still be able to grasp the concept .
MADDOW : Between the Wall Street disaster and the presidential campaign , no one 's talking much about the war in Iraq right now . But if you 're willing to swim upstream a little bit and pay attention to what 's going on there , we 've suddenly got a lot more clarity about Iraq right now than we 've had in a really , really long time .
The Iraqi prime minister did an interview on Iraqi state TV last week . It was translated by the U.S. Government 's own public translation service `` OpenSource.gov . '' And according to the U.S. Government translation , Maliki said that , `` The final date was really the end of 2010 and the end of 2011 was for withdrawing the remaining troops from all of Iraq , but they asked for a change in date due to political circumstances related to the domestic situation in the U.S . So it will not be said to the end of 2010 , followed by one year for withdrawal but the end of 2011 as a final date . ''
In essence , they said when they were negotiating with the Bush administration to pick a withdrawal date for our troops to come home . They initially settled on about 15 months from now , the end of 2010 . But then , according to `` OpenSource.gov , '' their government translation , the Maliki government says -- Prime Minister Maliki says the Bush administration came back and told the Iraqis they 'd actually like our troops to stay in Iraq an extra year , through 2011 .
Why an extra year ? Quote , `` due to political circumstances related to the U.S. domestic situation . '' To the prime minister , it says on tape according to our own government 's translation , the Bush administration wants to prolong the war in Iraq for an extra year because of our domestic politics .
If you feel like your hair is on fire right now , you 're not alone . If you 're an Iraq vet or the family member of an Iraq vet , if you 're thinking about the prospect of yet another tour of duty in Iraq , not because of any condition on the ground , not because of any national security need , but just because it might be helpful for domestic political purposes here , you have the right to feel like your hair is extra double on fire .
We , here at THE RACHEL MADDOW SHOW today contacted the White House to ask for an explanation , a comment or response . This is what an administration official told us , quote , `` You 've heard us speak about different kinds of timelines or aspirational goals that may be acceptable . We do not have anything to announce on that . What we 're focused on is a good agreement , not getting an agreement by a particular date . Stepping back , what we 're really pleased about is the fact that we are having these discussions with a sovereign , democratically elected country . Any decisions on troops will be based on the conditions on the ground in Iraq . That has always been our position ; it continues to be our position . ''
That 's the statement we got from the White House today . If you 're keeping track at home , you 're right . They are not directly denying what the Iraqi prime minister said , which is incredible . What they said is that the Bush administration is keeping the war going an extra year because they think it will be helpful somehow for domestic politics here in the United States .
Does John McCain agree that keeping the war going longer makes for good politics here at home ? It seems like that has been their take on it in the past .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
SEN. JOHN MCCAIN ( R-AZ ) , PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : I do n't think Americans are concerned if we 're there for 100 years or 1,000 years or 10,000 years .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : You know , I 'm an American person and I 'm sure concerned about that . The Republicans are convinced that keeping the war going is good for them politically . I think it 's a political stinker . I think there 's a reason why the tape you 've seen over and over and over again is of John McCain promising to stay 100 years in Iraq . That 's the tape that turns up in pro-Obama ads , not pro-McCain ads . It 's because it 's a political stinker .
RUN IN JAPAN !
in the 2015 Senshu International City Marathon in Osaka , Japan on 15 February 2015
We are looking for a marathon runner to represent Wellington !
If you are :
keen to be an ambassador for Wellington City
able to contribute and participate in the Wellington Sakai Association after you return
have completed marathons
a regular runner , fit and in training
able to run a mostly flat-course marathon in winter conditions in four hours or less
a Wellington City resident or work in Wellington City 18 years or over .
Please apply by downloading the application form from Wellington City Council 's website
Wellington.govt.nz or Wellingtonsakai.org .
Email to yamada.frances @ gmail.com or post it to Wellington Sakai Association , PO Box 7215 , Wellington 6242 by Friday 31 October .
Shortlisted candidates will be interviewed and then the finalists will go into a draw to win .
Listen to Newstalk ZB 's ‘ All Sport Breakfast ' 7–9am , Saturday 8 November , when the Mayor of Wellington will announce the winner .
Our successful representative will travel FREE to Japan , staying three nights in a hotel and three nights in a Japanese homestay . This wonderful opportunity comes from Wellington 's sister-city link with Sakai City , one of the host cities for the Senshu Marathon .
For further details , contact Frances Yamada on yamada.frances @ gmail.com or call 021 868 704 .
Donald Trump has sparked dementia concerns after they were spotted drinking water with two hands like a small child - days after they slurred their words during an Israel policy speech .
Twitter went into meltdown on Monday after the president took the awkward swig of water while unveiling their new national security strategy in front of military service members in Washington , D.C .
While some suggested they were cradling the glass or 'president sippy cup ' because of their 'tiny hands ' , Twitter was quick to play amateur diagnostician and raised concerns the movement could be evidence of a serious degenerative disorder , such as dementia , which can cause shaky hands .
Donald Trump has sparked dementia concerns after they were spotted drinking water with two hands like a small child
Sandra F Woodward wrote that Trump 'holds that water glass like my 3 year old grandson holds their cup ! I really think Trump has dementia and is reverting 2 childhood action . '
'THE WAY They Are GRABBING THAT GLASS SHOWS TRUMP HAS DEMENTIA . Their MOTOR SKILLS ARE DEGENERATING , ' added Joseph Fedorko‏ .
It 's not the first time Trump has been seen drinking strangely .
In November , they picked up a bottle of Fiji water in both hands and sipped it awkwardly during a press conference at the White House .
And earlier this month , speculation went wild after Trump began slurring through part of their speech announcing changes to America 's Israel policy .
They finished their remarks by saying 'God bless the United Shhtates . Thank you very much-sh . '
Conspiracy theorists on Twitter launched into high gear , including Democratic partisans who speculated about every possible cause from a mini-stroke to cocaine use .
TV host Joe Scarborough also weighed in , saying 'people close to them during the campaign told me [ he ] had early stages of dementia ' .
A White House spokesperson insisted the president merely had a case of 'dry mouth , ' telling the Los Angeles Times that 'his throat was dry . There 's nothing to it . '
Asked if Trump had any related health concerns , Shah said : ' I know what you 're getting at . I 'm saying there 's nothing to it . '
But brain doctor Dr Ford Vox - who has never examined Trump - believes the incident and other moments in their presidency , reveals that Trump has all the symptoms of predementia .
In a lengthy analysis for Stat News , they also pointed to times when Trump has contradicted himself , rambles in interviews , makes faces , and forgets to sign bills at bill-signing ceremonies as 'worrisome symptoms ' of illness .
In an attempt to regain control of the runaway story , press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders announced that Trump will undergo a physical examination early next year , with the findings released to the public .
LET IT FLOW : In November , they picked up a bottle of Fiji water in both hands and sipped it awkwardly during a press conference at the White House
Now , Monday 's speech has reignited the rumors over Trump 's health .
Twitter was awash with conspiracy theories within minutes of the 71-year-old 's speech in Washington , where they told the servicemen and women : 'On January 20 , 2017 , I stood on the steps of the capital to herald the day the people became rulers of their nation again , ' - before pausing to take a sip of water .
'Trump slurs ... that 's not the give away . Holding a water bottle with two hands is . I suspect dementia or blood sugar swings . Noting the change in their speaking style and sentences suggest dementia or heavy drug use , ' Matthew Milller Sr.‏ wrote .
Twitter user @ KungFu_Grip added : 'My great grandmother who had dementia drank water like Trump did and barely ate before they passed away . '
While 'Evidence-Based Chuck E.‏ ' wrote : ' I use two hands on a glass when my hand shaking is out of my control ( I have essential tremor ) . My guess is Trump is hiding that kind of shaking ( or Parkinsons ) . Of course , that 's also ME applying MY condition to him , so , take that for what it 's worth . '
Tom Joseph‏ added : With today 's speech , anyone can clearly see Trump 's crumbling health . Slurring , sippy cup style water drinking , involuntary jerks & restricted eye mvmts on display-part of their dozen+ symptoms of Frontotemporal Dementia
'It 's degenerative , highly progressive & worsening every week . '
Others joked the problem may just be Trump 's hands .
'Are their hands too small to hold a glass ? Is this why they use both ? ' user @ Tokenarino wrote .
'Ca n't someone please just get them a sippy cup ! ! ! ' Mark Callaghan added .
'That 's exactly how my 2-year-old nephew drinks from a glass , ' Twitter user @ mcnultyruss tweeted .
Life is a two-way street : The most important lesson learned from Ayahuasca
Psyber Sadhu Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 4 , 2017
Forget the damage others are doing to you , first take a look at the damage you are doing to yourself .
Then take another look , and then another , and soon you will see that there is no enemy outside .
The war is going on within you . It 's your true self against your false sense of self .
Your true self lives in the world around you , you only have to learn how to see it .
Understanding that the world is being co-created in the present , rather than something that was created by one being in the past , is the most profound realization one can reach .
Essential Love by Anderson Debernardi
This is what I have learned with the beautiful guidance of Ayahuasca and Silvia at the Spirit Vine Center .
Endless Seeking
To give you some background about myself , the core characteristic of my personality is to be a Peace-maker . So naturally , the only thing I do n't have is Peace ! I tend to find everything else except this one golden egg . So what do I do ? I seek , and I seek some more . I never stop trying .
I feel that making others come to peace will bring me peace . I can see everyone around me is in pieces . I can help them piece themselves together and find their whole and complete peace , even if it 's just for an ephemeral moment . But what about me ? After decades of trying , I realized that helping others find peace never helped to find my own peace . Until recently I was not even aware that I had such a deep desire for peace .
So what I started doing is following the suggestions I am giving to the world around me . The whole time I was thinking that they are in need of help , and I was the wonderful savior who could help them find what they need . Having needs was never something I acknowledged . My sense of self was derived from the world around me . I made others needs my needs , I dissolved into the stories of others . I found my sense of self by losing my sense of self and becoming the other .
The day I read the chapter related to the Peacemaker in “ The Wisdom of the Enneagram ” , it hit me right in the face . I am everything but myself . I lost my essence and while seeking it I tried everything I saw around me . Is this cigarette me ? Is this joint me ? Is this person me ? Is this clothing me ? Is this food me ?
No . No ! NO ! !
Nothing fits me ! So what on Earth am I ?
Finding The Answer
I am I . It 's as simple as that . My essence is Constant Change . I am that which is beyond all labels . I am beyond everything that is rational . Beyond Everything that originates from the limited mind .
Once I discovered this Essence , I found the power to define my ego and use the labels I wanted . The labels that made me feel comfortable . Not what I was taught is supposed to be “ right ” . Even though these labels I chose are limiting , having these boundaries to define myself in this reality makes me much more powerful than using the labels of others . And behind it all I always have the connection to my infinite self .
The Path Forward
Harmonizing and integrating oneself is the only path forward , everything else is just craziness . A lot of people become phobic to boundaries because the “ system ” or “ society ” has created boundaries . The rebels of the world , including my old self ( I was a Class-A Rebel ) , like to believe that breaking boundaries will help them find their true self . But this addiction to breaking boundaries is the very opposite of the true self .
The true self knows how to find infinity even in a single grain of sand . As long as you are seeking you will keep failing , because that is the game . The day you decide to stop seeking and commit to becoming a finder , you will find all the answers sitting right in front of your face .
Having healthy boundaries is the most important thing one can learn in their lifetime .
Creating a space for oneself where no one can intrude and interrupt the flow of life , is the first step in breaking the barriers of the limited or false self . The false self is either overstepping boundaries or allowing others to do the same .
It is like a child that is crying , and instead of the parent finding out what is bothering the child , they tell the child to eat a candy and not to feel sad . Now the child believes feeling sad is resolved by eating candy , and also that it can get a candy just by crying . So what does the child do when the parent says No ? It starts crying . And the parent , instead of setting a healthy boundary , allows their guilt and inability to watch the child crying to overpower them , and they give the child a candy .
If you need to feel sad , feel sad . If you need to feel guilty , feel guilty . Do n't replace it with a false sense of happiness . Sometimes we need to feel something and that is just part of the life experience . Escaping endlessly will get you nowhere . A lot of people have the idea that death ends everything , and killing themselves will end their suffering , but :
Death is not an Escape .
Whether you believe in reincarnation or not , running away from your problems will get you nowhere . Your problems have a way of finding you until you resolve them . The best way to do this is to face them and find out their purpose . Once you know the purpose and learn what you need to learn , you find the power to deal with it . It 's when we break through the “ problems ” that we find our power .
This leads to another point — helping others when they never asked for it . When we do n't respect what is required in the moment , we are not helping others , we are disrupting their process . Sometimes a person has to suffer a bit to find their own power , but if we go and help them , we just steal their power and a golden opportunity for them to rise from their suffering .
When you learn to set boundaries , you are telling yourself that you respect your space . And when you learn to respect your space , you learn to respect the space of people around you . This in turn makes people respect your space . You see where this is going ? Boundaries defined by yourself change the world around you in a way that helps each individual grow and become a better member of the larger society .
Beyond Duality
The world around you is where all the disintegrated parts of you are living . When you learn to see each and every being as a reflection of yourself you will find and become your true self . You will become one with your surroundings and forget hatred because everything is you . If you hate yourself , it 's only because the part of you which needs love is missing . It is up to you to rescue this part and give it the love that has been lacking since it was separated . When you do this you start seeing that everything around you is love , not the false hatred that you project onto the world . Through this process you transform into a loving being yourself .
Each being is co-creating the present and this is the only reality .
Stop fighting and start understanding why you were fighting . What are you really achieving by damaging another person ? What is it you are truly seeking ?
The marriage of your right self with your left self will open your center — your True Self .
We live in a world of duality , and we have failed for a long time to rise above and take an objective look at the world . Instead of being polarized in the duality and feeling like a victim/savior/oppressor , all we have to do is step outside and become the observer . From this viewpoint we can see that everything has a purpose . Nothing is accidental or a mistake , not even a problem .
The world is giving you exactly what you need . The world around you is a culmination of answers to all the questions you are asking within you . If someone is treating you in a disturbing way , it is only to make you realize that it is you doing the same to yourself and probably even to others without realizing it .
When we come to this realization , we automatically break all the patterns that have been limiting us . We reclaim the control of our life by taking responsibility for what is happening . When you can learn to make the change within yourself , you will discover a whole new world waiting for you…
Ayahuasca
The biggest key for me to learn this unfathomably important lesson , is one of the greatest teachers — Ayahuasca .
It is a teacher that will give you what you need . If you do n't want it or do n't wish to accept it , and you wish to control ayahuasca , you will have a bad trip . Taking you beyond yourself and forcing you to look at yourself from the outside is a harsh way of teaching , but for people who are stubborn and unwilling to face reality , a teacher who will be strong and force them to see , is exactly what is required . If you are willing to accept whatever is shown to you , you will have the best time of your life because you will no longer be fighting .
Ayahuasca is beautiful because behind everything there is Love . It is not being harsh because it is a monster , it is because that is exactly what you do to yourself . In it 's essence , Ayahuasca is the mirror of your false and true self . And it finds the most optimal and loving way to show you what you need to see in order to transform yourself and move forward .
When you find your true self , you realize that you are Ayahuasca . You are the beauty and the beast , and the one who watches the story unfold .
The Space
I started my journey with ayahuasca at the Spirit Vine Retreat Center in Brazil in 2014 . I now live here as a volunteer facilitator , having experienced ayahuasca many times and working for a long time to go deep within . The lead facilitator is Silvia , a licensed psychologist with over 30 years of experience with modified states of consciousness . The space we provide is beautiful , safe , comfortable , and this helps to create the perfect storm to carry people to the level they are ready to reach . We welcome everyone who feels the call and is ready for change .
Relaxing by the natural pond prior to a ceremony
My Previous Article
The Proof Islam Has A Problem With Homophobia : Maajid Nawaz
Maajid Nawaz says Islam has a major problem with homophobia - and they have some strong evidence to prove it .
The Council of Ex-Muslims of Britain has been criticised for marching at Pride to highlight the plight of gay people in Muslim-majority countries , with people claiming they are whipping up Islamophobia .
But Maajid says they are right : their religion does indeed have a problem with homosexuality .
Maajid Nawaz got angry as they discussed Islam 's history of homophobia . Picture : LBC
Speaking on their LBC show , they said : `` Surprise surprise , the 10 countries in the world that still punish being gay with the death sentence , guess which ones they are ? ''
They then went on to list 10 countries which are Muslim-majority countries .
Afterwards , they continued : `` That 's done in the name of my religion .
`` Do n't try and tell me that our religion does n't have a history of homophobia . These people marching at Pride have every right to be angry because people like me , Muslims , are killing them , simply for being who they are . Of course they 're going to be angry .
`` When the genocide happened in Serbia against Bosnian Muslims , I got so angry I got radicalised .
`` These guys marching at Pride have every right to be angry because they would be killed in these countries and yet suddenly we 're saying they 're promoting Islamophobia for criticising the doctrines that would have them dead . ''
'Super-Earth ' planet spurs hope for billions more SPACE
An artist 's conception of the alien planet GJ 667Cc , which is located in the habitable zone of its parent star . An artist 's conception of the alien planet GJ 667Cc , which is located in the habitable zone of its parent star . Photo : Carnegie Institution For Science Photo : Carnegie Institution For Science Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 'Super-Earth ' planet spurs hope for billions more 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Astronomers have detected a rocky `` super-Earth '' planet orbiting a nearby star in a region where life could possibly exist , a finding that led one of the team from UC Santa Cruz to predict there must be billions more of them in the Milky Way .
The newfound planet is big , at least 4 1/2 times as massive as Earth . It is 22 light-years from Earth , orbits its star every 28 days , and lies in the star 's `` habitable zone , '' where temperatures are just right - neither too hot nor too cold - for liquid water to support life on its surface .
Astronomers like to call that `` the Goldilocks zone . ''
The planet 's sun is a member of a curious triple-star group , involving two suns that are `` binaries '' orbiting each other , and a third that is possibly hosting two or three additional planets . One of them could be a `` gas giant '' similar to Jupiter , and the other could be another `` super-Earth , '' with a 75-day orbit , the astronomers said .
`` Detecting this planet so near implies that our galaxy must be teeming with billions of potentially habitable rocky planets , '' said Steven Vogt , a veteran UC Santa Cruz planet hunter who is a member of the discovery team and is now completing a new telescope called the Automated Planet Finder at the Lick Observatory atop Mount Hamilton near San Jose .
Leaders of the discovery team are Paul Butler and Guillem Anglada-Escudé of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington , D.C. , and astronomers from Germany , England , Australia and Chile .
Less that two years ago , Vogt and Butler led another team that discovered the first of these `` exoplanets '' - planets orbiting stars beyond our solar system - in a habitable zone around a star called Gliese 581 , about 20.5 light-years from Earth .
This new one is just about as near , but its star has no official name , just GJ 667 in the star catalogs .
The team detected the new planet by measuring tiny wobbles in GJ 667 's motion across the sky caused by the tug of the planet 's gravity . The star itself is known as an M-class dwarf - one of the most common types in the Milky Way , and `` was expected to be a rather unlikely star to host planets , '' Vogt said .
But the fact that such a common type of star does host them leads astronomers to believe there must be countless more undetected exoplanets in the Milky Way , they said .
`` This planet is the new best candidate to support liquid water and , perhaps , life as we know it , '' Anglada-Escudé said .
The team 's findings appear online and will be published in Astrophysical Journal Letters , a leading journal for exoplanet discoveries .
Altogether , 755 exoplanets have been confirmed since the first one was detected in 1995 , according to the Extrasolar Planet Encyclopaedia , maintained by astronomers at the Paris Observatory .
The ULTIMATE SYNTHWAVE PARTY With
College LIVE SET
* NEW * Timecop1983 * NEW *
Sunglasses Kid
Dj Devereaux 85
Fancy Dress 80 's icons and synthwave legends ...
( Cinema Screening : Drive * * The Cinema Tickets have SOLDOUT * * )
The driver with no-name . The 80 's soundscape . The silver chevy impala . This is Drive , the LA pulp thriller that proves cool is never cool enough , inspiring cultish devotion amongst the hip cinephile circles . ...
And we are Nightspot Cinema . The cinephiles who know that when you watch a film with an amazing soundtrack , you leave fiending to go and dance to the sounds on screen .
So let us satisfy your urge with the sound of College LIVE , all the way from France for one night only to spin the very title track of the film they wrote himself , to you in the flesh .
And supporting college , also NEW to the line up , we have the mighty Timecop1983 : The time travelling sythwaver , back from the future to impose justice upon the world with the sound of perfect electronic music ...
Expect 80s vibes , expect fast cars , expect retro , expect nitro . And brace yourselves , because you 're speeding into a nightspot of nostalgia you 'll never forget .
* * * Tickets * * *
Party Tickets are 10pm until 3am and incude the full line up with College * LIVE *
Make sure you get down from 10pm as College will be tuning up their live set from 10.30 , and it might be slow to get in ! !
* * * Location * * * Mick 's Garage is directly in front of a car park in Hackney Wick and this is an immersive Drive event . Can you figure out what we might have waiting for you in the driveway ? It 's # RETRO , It 's # NITRO * * * About us * * * Relive the history of modern music at Nightspot Cinema . We indulge in nostalgia for music through film and relive those moments and movements by dancing the night away in themed parties based around the sounds and styles represented by the film.We are the pop-up cinema that lives for the world of music and nightlife . If that 's your thing , come and spend the night with us and we 'll show you a different kind of party .
Getty Images
Can you tell at first glance if someone is likely to be a good partner or parent ? New research suggests that observers can identify the most nurturing and socially sensitive people , just by watching their behavior for 20 seconds — and that these highly empathetic people are more likely to have a gene variation associated with trust and caring .
The genetic variation affects the receptor for oxytocin , often referred to as the “ love hormone ” or “ cuddle chemical ” because it plays a role in social bonding , trust , empathy and generosity . Levels of oxytocin increase during orgasm and childbirth , and it helps the formation of bonds between friends , lovers , and parents and children .
Research has shown that people with two G variants of the gene are more empathetic and “ prosocial , ” showing more compassion , cooperation and positive emotion . In contrast , those with the at least one A version of the gene tend to be less empathetic , may have worse mental health and are more likely to be autistic .
MORE : ‘ Love Hormone ' Oxytocin Enhances Men 's Memories of Mom — Good or Bad
In the new study , researchers videotaped 23 romantic couples while one person listened to their or their significant other describe a time of personal suffering . Then , 116 strangers were asked to watch silent 20-second clips of the videos and rate the listeners on how supportive and trustworthy they seemed .
People who were rated as most empathetic based on their body language and behavior — things like keeping eye contact , smiling and nodding while their partner spoke , and having open body posture — were also more likely to have the GG genotype , researchers found . Of the 10 people rated the most trustworthy , six had the GG variant ; of the 10 rated lowest on trust , nine had two copies of the A gene variation .
“ We were floored by how strongly significant the results were by genotype for such a small number of people evaluated , ” says Sarina Rodrigues Saturn , assistant professor of psychology at Oregon State University and an author of the study .
Men who carried the GG genotype were also more easily identified as being sensitive , compared with the women .
MORE : Does Men 's ‘ Bond ' with Porn Ruin Them for Real-Life Sex ?
But Rodrigues Saturn warns against seeing the GG genotype as the determining factor in a person 's ability to empathize or connect . “ I would definitely caution everyone not to think of this as an 'empathy gene . ' There are many environmental , cultural and genetic influences that interplay with each other to make up the entire person , ” they say . “ Neurochemical genetic variations can influence emotional states and traits but they definitely do n't determine who becomes what . … Our biological makeup only accounts for less than half of our traits , and this one genetic variation interacts with many other genes , experiences , societal structure , etc . ”
Indeed , one study found that while Americans with the GG genotype are more likely to seek emotional support from friends , people with the same genotype in Korea , where such help-seeking is considered burdensome , are less likely to do so .
What 's more , the actions of oxytocin are complex . Although the hormone is widely recognized for boosting feelings of trust and caring , some studies suggest that how people were raised influences whether the hormone actually encourages social connection . For example , when men whose mothers were not particularly nurturing are given doses of oxytocin , they tend to recall more bad memories of mom , compared with men who felt more cared for as children ; they find themselves thinking more fond thoughts of mom under the hormone 's influence .
MORE : The Lab Rat Gets Petted : How Massage Works
The new study has received some strong criticism from geneticists online for its small scale . Wrote Discover 's Ed Yong in theirs covered the findings :
Daniel MacArthur , who blogs at Genetic Future , said , “ [ A sample size of ] 23 for genetics means the paper might as well not exist . It carries no useful info . Without a larger sample and independent replication , it 's safest to simply assume these results are false. ” Joe Pickrell from Harvard Medical School , agreed : “ If the sample size is 23… there 's no way that 's a real association . ”
Lead author Aleksandr Kogan , a postdoc at the University of Toronto , responded that they would normally agree with such a critique , except for two facts . The first is that the number of observers and video clips observed actually makes for a larger sample size , providing greater statistical power .
Secondly , they say , they believe there is more validity to the finding because “ fortunately , there have been about a dozen studies conducted in the past 10 years looking at [ this gene ] and self-reported empathy , and the findings have been all consistent — and used hundreds of participants. ” They add , “ I would strongly agree that outside replication is still very necessary and that this is really just a preliminary finding . ”
Although we tend to think of humans as being primarily selfish by nature — at least in American culture — a growing body of research suggests that our genes , despite some variations , generally incline us toward collaboration and connection in most situations . Further research in this area might help us discover how to bolster these altruistic tendencies and understand the environments that are most likely to encourage them .
The study was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Maia Szalavitz is a health writer at TIME.com . Find them on Twitter at @ maiasz . You can also continue the discussion on TIME Healthland 's Facebook page and on Twitter at @ TIMEHealthland .
Uncredited/Associated Press
`` We 've got some of the best quarterbacks in the history of the game right now . ''
That 's how former Dallas Cowboys quarterback and Hall of Famer Roger Staubach describes the NFL right now . They believe the era we 're in is one of the best , and that 's coming from a guy who has seen it all .
Now 72 , Staubach took time out of their schedule ( after a morning of helping out with the United Way ) to pitch in with USAA 's Salute to Service campaign . In addition to the media blitz , Staubach said he 'll also spend some time with USAA and its partners around this year 's Army-Navy game and at the Super Bowl . They called the USAA `` a great company for serving veterans '' and mentioned many of its financial services .
Associated Press
When I asked what drew Staubach to the USAA campaign , it was pretty simple . He 's been member of the organization since they graduated from the United States Naval Academy since—as they put it— '' long before you were born . '' That was in 1965—after three seasons playing football and one season playing baseball for the midshipmen .
In their football career at Navy , Staubach won the 1963 Heisman Trophy as well as numerous other awards . Even though they would n't be able to play professional football right away because of armed forces academy commitments , which say a player has to serve in active duty after leaving the academy , Staubach was still drafted in the 10th round of the 1964 NFL draft and the 16th round of the AFL draft that year .
The real-life Captain America then spent a few years honoring their commitment to the Navy . Due to color blindness , they became a member of the supply corps and spent time in Vietnam before eventually fulfilling their NFL dreams .
I asked Staubach about that commitment and if they wished that more service academy graduates went on to professional sports , and they said that ( after some recent tweaking ) they think the system is working exactly the way it is supposed to :
`` Obviously I had a four-year commitment and there was n't an exception . Then , we had David Robinson ( who 's about the nicest guy you 'll ever meet ) and they let them have a couple of years and then on weekends . When you go in , you know what you 're getting into . We 're proud of the fact they 're going to be leaders in our country also . ''
Starting in 1969 , they played 11 seasons—all with the Cowboys—and earned fame , accolades and many more nicknames due to their penchant for leading Dallas to improbable last-minute victories .
The play that put `` Hail Mary '' into the football lexicon permanently , yeah ... that was him .
Thanks to six Pro Bowl nominations , two Super Bowl rings , one Super Bowl MVP , one league MVP and a spot in the Hall of Fame and the Cowboys Ring of Honor , Staubach has become as synonymous with the Cowboys as any player in history—and that 's saying a lot .
So , naturally , I asked them about the team which is currently doing better than it 's done in a while and sits at second in the NFC East at 7-3 .
`` They 've developed an offensive line that is playing good football . We have a fantastic running back [ DeMarco Murray ] . Keeping them healthy is important , and he 's gon na have one of the great seasons in the history of the NFL . Offensively , Dallas was strong last year but the defense has improved . 32nd last year and now we 're in the middle of the pack . [ Defensive Coordinator Rod ] Marinelli 's done a helluva job . ''
Staubach also had some opinions on Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo , calling them `` a franchise quarterback . '' Now , I agree with Staubach ( a fine position to be in ) and have often written that Romo is unfairly maligned for the deficiencies of those around him , so I pressed the former Cowboy on it . They responded :
`` Just look at the facts . Look at what he 's done . The statistics are phenomenal . He 's also been very effective in the fourth quarter . Yeah , he 's made some mistakes , but that 's going to happen to anyone who plays in the NFL long enough .
`` When you do n't have the kind of support you need . Sometimes your mistakes look worse than you are . He 's performed at a very high level . Guy is a great football player . You have to have a player that transfers their confidence to the rest of the team and Tony does that . ''
Tim Sharp/Associated Press
That 's high praise coming from a guy who stands in the pantheon not only of the Cowboys , but also for the entire NFL .
Off of discussing what Romo brings to the table as a quarterback , Staubach opined on some of their favorite quarterbacks in the league . They started , first and foremost , with Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning and New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady—both of whom they called among the best of all time .
They noted that all of the quarterbacks in today 's NFL have good arms , but that Manning and Brady have a `` sixth sense '' about them in terms of reading defenses , anticipating etc . They also added Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers and Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck to that list , calling them guys `` that really fight through everything . ''
Though their playing days are long over , Staubach never strays too far from the game , nor do they look past their duty to help out fellow veterans and anyone in need .
Michael Schottey is an NFL National Lead Writer for Bleacher Report and an award-winning member of the Pro Football Writers of America . Find more of their stuff on their archive page and follow them on Twitter .
2017 could be a record year for ticks and tick-borne illnesses according to one researcher who studies the arachnids in Alabama .
`` I would say this is going to be a very bad tick year because it was a very mild winter , '' said Tim Sellati , chair of Southern Research 's Infectious Diseases Department .
The warm , wet winter and spring have created conditions for dense undergrowth in forests , which allows ticks to thrive .
In addition , Sellati said a warming climate has let certain species of ticks expand their range and those changes are reflected in tick surveys in Alabama and other parts of the United States . Ticks of Alabama , how to remove them
`` The winters are warmer and the ticks recognize this , they sense this change in their environment , '' Sellati said . `` We are seeing , year over year , ticks migrating into areas they would not normally venture into .
`` The ticks take advantage of this change in climate that allows them to expand their range . When ticks expand their range , they also increase the likelihood of coming in contact with humans . ''
You can get Lyme disease in Alabama
There 's a persistent myth that Alabama does n't have Lyme disease or the ticks that carry it , but Sellati and others say that is absolutely false .
Alabama has both the black-legged tick ( often called the deer tick ) and the bacteria that causes Lyme disease , Borrelia burgdorferi .
Sellati said that biological surveys conducted by Auburn University show the most common tick in Alabama is the lone-star tick , with adults carrying a distinctive white spot on their back , but Alabama also has black-legged ticks , American dog ticks and Gulf Coast ticks in the southern part of the state .
The most commonly found ticks in the Southeast are ( clockwise from top left ) the black-legged tick ( commonly called deer tick ) , the American dog tick , the lone-star tick , and the Gulf Coast tick .
Sellati said it may just be a matter of knowing where and how to look for the ticks . The more aggressive lone-star ticks may respond better to the most common method of tick sampling , which is to place dry ice ( carbon dioxide ) on a white sheet in the woods and wait . The ticks are attracted to the CO2 from the dry ice and can easily be collected from the white sheet .
When researchers collected samples from deer , they predictably found more deer ticks than lone-star ticks .
The genetics of Lyme disease
While entomologists track ticks in the wild , and the Alabama Department of Public Health collects data on tick-borne illnesses , Sellati and their team at Southern Research are interested in how genetics impacts a person 's reaction to the bacteria that causes Lyme disease .
Sellati said 20 to 30 percent of people who are infected with the Lyme bacteria , show no symptoms or complications whatsoever .
`` It 's as if they were n't even infected , but they were , '' Sellati said . `` Their immune system has the ability to recognize that bacteria , kill it and clear it very effectively . ''
Fifty to sixty percent show the trademark bullseye rash , as well as arthritis , carditis , nervous system effects , or other symptoms , but are treated with antibiotics and show no permanent ill effects .
The remaining 20 to 30 percent , even if they receive the same antibiotic treatment as the majority group , experience symptoms that persist even after their treatment .
`` The combination of their immune response and the antibiotics is not enough to eliminate the symptoms of Lyme disease , '' they said . `` These individuals have a significant decrease in their quality of life after infection . ''
Sellati said there is still debate among the scientific community as to whether this happens because the antibiotics do n't completely kill the bacteria , or whether permanent damage was done before the antibiotics were administered .
Regardless , Sellati said they are working to understand whether genetic differences could be responsible for the varied reactions to the bacteria .
Electron micrographic ( SEM ) image of an unidentified engorged female tick which had been extracted from the skin of a pet cat .
Sellati said they have identified one strain of mouse that develops a `` very severe Lyme arthritis , '' and another strain that exhibits `` very mild if any symptoms '' when exposed to the Lyme-causing bacteria .
`` This gives us a beautiful model to study the genetics of these mice and what makes them so different in how they respond to the bacteria , '' Sellati said . `` We 're starting to understand these key genetic differences that influence the severity and the persistence of the symptoms .
`` So we can test drugs in mice that will complement their immune response , which is lacking , and hopefully these new drugs will help those individuals that are predisposed to developing those Lyme disease symptoms . ''
Sellati said the researchers could be close to identifying genetic markers that would lead to better treatments for the 300,000 people diagnosed with Lyme disease diagnosed each year in the United States .
`` When you go to your physician with a tick bite , we could test you rapidly to see whether antibiotics alone are likely to kill and clear all the bacteria , '' Sellati said . `` Or does your genetic profile suggest that antibiotics are not going to be enough . ''
Harney County sheriff David Ward says their wife left town for their safety after strangers followed their home and strangers also harassed their elderly parents
The local sheriff policing the occupation of a wildlife refuge in Oregon said they have received numerous death threats since armed militia took over the remote government outpost over the weekend .
Harney County sheriff David Ward told local residents on Wednesday that their wife had left town for their safety after strangers followed their home one night and someone slit their car tire . They said they had received anonymous letters with numerous misspellings that included death threats .
Worse still , the sheriff said , strangers had come to town to harass their elderly parents .
“ Mom and Dad , stand up , ” they said at the packed meeting . They introduced their parents , saying they were both in their 70s with heart issues and pacemakers and that they were scared . “ You ca n't just come into our community and intimidate our elderly , ” Ward said to a round of applause .
For days Ammon Bundy and their band of armed militia have laid claim to the federal land by arguing they have the support of the nearby community .
Yet that claim received a formidable rebuke on Wednesday night when , one by one , residents of Oregon 's rural Harney County stood before a microphone at the county fairgrounds to denounce the occupation on their doorstep .
Some 500 working-class men and women who packed into the memorial hall expressed an overwhelming consensus . It 's time , they said , for Bundy and their anti-government rabble-rousers to pack up and go home .
“ This county is a united family and we do n't need people to come here from someplace else and tell us how to live our lives , ” Ward said to a standing ovation .
The meeting was a collective response from a community who for weeks has endured the presence of out-of-state militia members who arrived to show support for two ranchers they believe had been unjustly convicted of arson .
Then , this weekend , following a rally for two jailed local ranchers , father and son Dwight and Steven Hammond , two dozen militia discreetly took over a scattering of buildings at the nearby Malheur national wildlife refuge , refusing to leave until federal authorities accede to a list of demands that includes releasing the ranchers and relinquishing control of Oregon 's open country to state and local interests .
On Wednesday evening , Ward received a throaty standing ovation from residents who over-packed the meeting hall built for a capacity of 400 . Their voice often breaking with emotion , Ward told their friends , neighbors and constituents the twin towns of Burns and Hines , located closest to the occupied US Fish and Wildlife Service refuge , were under siege .
For an hour before the meeting started , county residents poured into the meeting hall . One man said he 'd never before seen so many people there , even during the popular county fair .
One woman turned from their seat to survey the crowd : “ I think the whole town is here. ” The meeting began only after men removed their farm hats and Stetsons to recite the Lord 's Prayer .
Another man said they estimated the standing-room-only crowd to be well over 500 people . “ At least that many , ” said retiree Jim Campbell . “ As a guy who counts sheep , I know . You just got to clump them in groups . ”
Rich Mingus and their wife Deborah were two of the first to arrive . Mingus , 66 , a nomadic helicopter fueling technician for the US Forest Service , admitted that they shared some of the frustrations with an overbearing federal government voiced by the militia .
Mingus , who sat holding their wife 's hand , said they had to leave Deborah at home and travel the country to find work . He 'd rather stay right here in southern Oregon , but there are n't enough jobs – because the US government wo n't let state residents log their forests or harvest the land around them , they say .
“ Those Bundys had some good points , but they went about them the wrong way , ” they said . “ Our government has n't been listening to us rural people for a long time – we all know that . ”
They said Harney County , the state 's biggest , should be better off . “ We 're not getting any of the money , ” they added .
“ You need to talk to the environmentalists about that , ” their wife added .
But both are afraid now – over the specter of violence that has happened in similar armed standoffs between militia types and federal law enforcement in the past .
“ These Bundys have put fear in our community , ” Deborah says . “ All it takes is one crazy ... ” Them husband finished their sentence : “ … to light it up. ” .
In a rambling speech , Ward told the audience that they wanted the outsiders to go home and let the country solve its own problems .
One gray-haired man in a white Stetson stood up .
“ Sheriff , why do n't you go out there tomorrow morning and tell those people that , ” they said as the crowd applauded . “ If you want , I 'll go out there with ya . ”
Then local resident Mitch Stegner stood before the microphone to surface an alternative view .
They said they had been out to the protest site and that the men and women there were polite . They invited others to go there as well .
The Bundys , Stegner said , had given Harney County the best gift it has ever received .
“ Whether you agree with them or not , those Bundys have given us our biggest and best platform to get our message to the federal government that they have to pay attention to us . ”
A murmur passed through the room as residents considered the point . Some of them seemed to agree .
Not long after , the sherif took a straw poll . “ How many people want these people to leave ? ” they asked .
The response was almost unanimous . “ Go home ! ” many people shouted . From the back , however , there was the voice of dissent . “ Let 'em stay ! ”
With the updates slow to unfold on Oakland Raiders rookie cornerback Gareon Conley 's health status over the last two months-plus , Raider Nation got a welcome sight Wednesday evening when the team dropped this video of the first-round selection looking smooth in individual drills .
Appearing at the 21-second mark of the video after wide receivers Amari Cooper and Cordarrelle Patterson , Marshawn Lynch and Derek Carr and fullback Jamize Olawale , Conley ( No . 22 ) explodes in both directions out of their backpedal before spinning entirely and bursting back to catch the football .
After over two months off from practice , Conley is understandably eager to return . That was the fact that coach Jack Del Rio made no bones about Wednesday .
“ He 's ( Conley ) been chomping at the bit , so to speak , ” Del Rio confirmed Wednesday on how their rookie is feeling about not playing yet .
Conley was one of the best cornerbacks in the nation for the Ohio State Buckeyes last season , and when they do return , they will do so to a unit that looked surprisingly good without them Week 1 .
Rattlesnake meat is a southwestern delicacy . If you have n't ever eaten rattlesnake , you are in for a real treat . No , it does n't taste like chicken ! It has a much gamier flavor , much more reminiscent of pheasant , frog legs , alligator , or even elk .
There are two ways to cook rattlesnake meat : De-boned , or with the bones still intact . If you cook it with the bones intact you will have to deal with them while eating it . This is no big deal really , and in fact many `` just the snake '' type recipes ( baked snake , southern fired snake , etc . ) call for the snake to be cut into pieces and cooked with the bones .
Using the snake meat in chili or other dishes where the meat is blended into the dish calls for removing the bones . This can be done by simmering the snake carcass for an hour in a pot of water with some lemon juice and maybe a little bit of spices . Then the meat will come off the bones easily . Be sure to taste it before mixing it in with the other ingredients !
Here is an easy-to-make recipe for Rattlesnake Chili :
1 large onion , chopped
3 large garlic cloves , minced
1 red bell pepper , chopped
3 jalapeno peppers , chopped
1 28 oz . can diced tomatoes
1 15 oz . can tomato paste
1 28 oz . can chili beans
1/4 cup chili powder
2 tsp . cumin
1 tsp . salt
1 tsp . black pepper
2 lb . rattlesnake meat
juice from 1/2 lemon
Simmer rattlesnake in water and lemon juice for 1 hour , remove and separate meat from bones .
Combine de-boned meat with the rest of the ingredients in a crockpot and slow-cook for 6-8 hours , or bring to boil in large cooking pot and simmer for 2 hours .
There is an environmentalist movement that is against the killing of rattlesnakes for food . Of course there is . They think it 's cruel . Despite what these people say , snakes proliferate very efficiently in the wild . Besides , at least this kind of meat is the result of hunting . Snakes are not bred for human consumption - there 's something humanly honest and ancestrally connective about that . Is the scene of a massive field of cattle being gently led to the slaughter their portrayal of a humane meat industry ?
Anyway , I did n't claw my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian ! Which brings up another point : There simply are not enough restaurants offering wild game dishes . Why not ? These are the best gourmet plates that can be served ! One place I have found them a little more is on cruise ship dinner menus . Not enough , but at least some . Of course , I have never seen a rattlesnake dish offered while at sea . Maybe on a cruise of the Rio Grande ?
A 17-year-old Brooklyn teenager is missing an arm , and a 39-year-old man is facing attempted murder charges . This is the result of a horrific scene in New York on Friday that unfolded from a seemingly routine Craigslist transaction .
The 39-year-old man known only as `` Phil '' is a regular buyer and seller of sneakers on Craigslist . They agreed to a sale with the teenager and the pair met in the middle of the day on a busy street . It 's here that things went wrong . Climbing into Phil 's SUV , it 's reported that the 17-year-old pulled a gun on the man , took the sneakers and walked off .
Rather than calling the police , Phil took things into their own hands . They did a quick u-turn and ran over the teenager attempting to walk away with the sneakers . The thief 's arm was severed in the collision , but adrenaline caused them to run off , with one arm , before collapsing outside theirs house .
The boy is in stable condition and doctors plan to reattach their arm , while Phil is facing charges .
Let this story be a reminder : Craigslist can be amazing , and horrifying . If you 're going to conduct a transaction you should consider the site 's safety tips .
( h/t Pix11 )
* * *
Air Jordans : The latest version of the iconic shoe
Doctors and dentists wishing to pursue a career in Oral & Maxillofacial surgery must undertake both Medicine and Dentistry degrees . This may require up to 10 years of study depending on course structure .
Students are currently expected to pay for second degrees without a student finance tuition fee loan .
Students may therefore accrue debt in excess of £100,000 . Career earnings for a successful graduand start at the lowest rung of the NHS payscale ladder upon commencing employment and will take a further 10 years to reach consultant level pay . This debt therefore , may not be fully paid off within 25 years , to the detriment of many other financial considerations , for example mortgages .
I propose a government subsidy on the second degree to reduce this burden , and encourage students into this small surgical specialty .
With the return of Kyle Quincey to the lineup on Monday , the Detroit Red Wings officially had seven healthy defensemen . Instead of making the tough decision , the Wings opted to dress all seven defensemen . After watching the team struggle offensively , the Wings will scratch a defenseman before Thursday 's game against the Arizona Coyotes . Early indications seem to suggest that Alexey Marchenko will be that scratch , at least initially .
blashill says mrazek in , marchenko out . — gregg krupa ( @ greggkrupa ) January 13 , 2016
For me , that 's very frustrating to see as Marchenko has been one of the bright spots for the Red Wings in the first half of the season . On Monday night , they were the lone bright spot on Detroit 's blue line , scoring their first goal of the season while Niklas Kronwall , Brendan Smith , and others looked shaky at times . In fact , Blashill has openly stated that they believe the Wings allow less scoring chances when Marchenko is on the ice relative to the rest of their team 's defensemen . The numbers back up Blashill 's assertion .
Player 5v5 Scoring Chances Against/60 5v5 High Danger Scoring Chances Against/60 Alexey Marchenko 22.06 9.49 Brendan Smith 23.29 10.01 Mike Green 24.79 11.40 Jonathan Ericsson 26.27 10.99 Danny DeKeyser 26.31 10.23 Niklas Kronwall 26.40 11.47
Data from War-On-Ice
Given this information , who should be declared the healthy scratch ? In my personal opinion , I believe that it is time for Jonathan Ericsson to take a seat .
Ericsson In The Defensive Zone
One of the statistics we can look at to evaluate how well a defenseman suppresses shots is the number of 5v5 shot attempts that occur against the team when the player is on the ice versus the team average . This statistic is known as 5v5 Corsi Against/60 RelTm . Ericsson has a CA60 RelTm of 7.04 , meaning that when they are on the ice the Red Wings give up 7.04 more shot attempts than their team average . That ranks 131st out of 142 defensemen who have played at least 500 minutes at 5v5 ( Source : Puckalytics ) .
Defenseman 5v5 CA60 Smith 47.03 Marchenko 47.09 Green 47.97 Kronwall 50.60 DeKeyser 53.36 Ericsson 54.68
Data from War-On-Ice
After watching film on Ericsson in their own zone , I noticed several alarming trends that led to them doing a poor job of shot suppression . Let 's start with a clip .
There are two things that stick out to me in this clip . First , after a textbook faceoff win , Ericsson elects to dump the puck out up the boards without facing any pressure . Glendening won the faceoff clean , Kronwall picked off the winger , and Jurco flared out to receive the pass . Instead of looking to start the rush , Ericsson never picks their head up and elects to fire the puck out of the zone . While it may seem like a good thing that they were able to clear the zone , these kinds of unpressured , or unforced errors to borrow a tennis term , can not happen . The puck changes possession in the neutral zone and allows the Kings to come right back and attack .
Within four seconds of the dump out , the puck is already back in the Red Wings zone . Ericsson steps up to retrieve the puck and this time as he 's pressured , they elect to flip the puck on their backhand across the ice to their defense partner . First off , electively going to the backhand is a problem when they can safely chip the puck up the boards off of their forehand in the face of pressure . Second , once they go to the backhand , attempting to thread a cross-ice pass through a defender is a very poor decision . This results in a very dangerous deflection scoring chance against Howard .
What 's the overall point here ? By relinquishing possession of the puck without facing pressure , Ericsson is in effect giving up the opportunity to generate a rush and in turn forces the team to quickly prepare for the Kings ' transition game . These types of plays allow the opposition the opportunity to have more offensive possessions which can result in a higher number of shot attempts against . This is a big reason why Ericsson is one of the worst in the league this season .
Ericsson On The Breakout
Last year , Ryan Stimson put together a tracking project that looked at how players can `` drive '' shot attempts through passing . One of the stats they coined was `` 5v5 primary passes leading to shot attempts per 60 minutes '' . This statistic reflects how many times a player makes a pass that leads to a shot attempt without any other passes occurring . It 's the last pass before a shot attempt . Here 's a graph of Red Wings defensemen showing 5v5 primary passes leading to shot attempts per 60 minutes . Data is limited to the seven games that were tracked earlier in the season by Stimson 's team .
As we see here , Ericsson ranks dead last in primary passes leading to shot attempts while Marchenko ranks first with more than double the number of passes per 60 minutes .
From a systems perspective , you caught a clear example of their poor zone exit in the first clip , but here 's another clip from the same game where they elect to give the puck back to Los Angeles instead of passing to a teammate to start the rush .
Following the 2-on-1 ( oddly enough that started off of an Ericsson giveaway in the offensive zone ) , Ericsson retrieves the puck . They take not one , not two , but THREE looks up ice . When I freeze frame the breakout , count the guys in white .
Yep , that 's all five white jerseys in the defensive zone and just one Kings player who 's 15 feet away from the puck . Instead of looking to start the rush , Ericsson again attempts to chip the puck up the boards on their backhand . Take note of both the score and the time remaining . There is 5:17 remaining in the 3rd , down 3-2 and this lack of awareness results in the loss of an offensive rush opportunity . What makes this play even worse is that their initial clearing attempt fails and when they get the puck back , they make the exact same play !
I included this one for the comedy of errors . Ericsson makes three attempts at a breakout pass and all fail . The first , they hit the Devils forechecker , the second they throw too hot in the feet of Tomas Tatar , and the third they just caroms it around the boards hoping to clear the puck . It squelches the Red Wings ' offense and makes it very difficult for the team to generate shot attempts .
Ericsson In The Offensive Zone
One of the ways we can evaluate a player is how they perform relative to their expectations . Steve Burtch has developed a statistic called `` dCorsi '' , a metric that evaluates a player 's observed performance vs. their expected performance based on a series of variables . While the statistic has its limitations , we can still use it in the context of our other metrics . When it comes to Ericsson 's expected Corsi For/60 vs. their observed Corsi For/60 , Ericsson has a dCorsiFor Impact of -45.2 , which ranks 256th out of 260 eligible defensemen this season .
Defenseman dCF Impact dCA Impact dCorsiImpact Ericsson -45.20 37.92 -83.12 Kronwall -25.70 4.68 -30.37 DeKeyser -25.37 28.06 -53.43 Green 1.59 -13.54 15.12 Marchenko 24.16 -21.15 45.31 Smith 42.23 -24.54 66.77
Data from War-On-Ice
As you can see , Marchenko and Smith have been the most impactful players relative to their expectations while Ericsson has by far been the least impactful . When it comes to impacting plays in the offensive zone , defensemen have a variety of ways to impact the game . Timely pinches , successful attempts to join the rush , and the ability to get their shots through to the net are all admired skills of the NHL 's top defensemen . Reviewing the tape on Ericsson seems to suggest that they struggle with when to pinch vs. when not to pinch and as a result , this can sometimes derail an offensive play . Check out how an untimely pinch derails this offensive play .
As Ericsson pinches down , they actually end up in the way of Henrik Zetterberg , preventing Zetterberg from making much of anything happen . There 's not really much of a reason for Ericsson to pinch down here as they start pinching well before Zetterberg comes out from behind the net . Here 's another example of a poor pinch :
Ericsson 's poor pinch here results in Alex Ovechkin and T.J. Oshie having a 2-on-1 . The reason the pinch is bad is because when Ericsson drops low , the puck has n't even gotten to him . He 's not physically engaged with any Washington forward and Ovechkin is able to cleanly pull away from Ericsson after they fail to keep the puck in . Additionally , and more importantly , all three Detroit forwards are below Ericsson , meaning that no one is covering up for Ericsson at their point . Thankfully for Ericsson , Larkin was able to stay with Ovechkin to prevent too dangerous of a chance , but the last thing you want to do is give the best goal scorer of this generation a rush chance .
Overall , I 've shown you how Ericsson 's poor breakout passes affect their Corsi For , Corsi Against , and their 5v5 Primary Passes Leading to Shot Attempts . I 've shown you a few examples of how their poor pinches fail to sustain the Red Wings offense , resulting in Ericsson having the smallest impact on Detroit 's offense . I do n't mean to be harsh , but as Ericsson has aged , he 's dropped off dramatically . The thing is , Ericsson was n't always viewed this poorly from an advanced stats perspective . Check out their HERO chart from 2009-2012 which shows their impact on offense and defense .
Even their dCorsiImpact in 2010-2011 was 81.65 , 2nd best on the team behind only Brian Rafalski and 31st out of 337 eligible defensemen . The problem is , this is what Ericsson looks like now :
Here 's the real kicker - I think Blashill knows this too . Looking back at Monday 's game vs. Los Angeles , Ericsson 's last shift in the 3rd period ended with 4:45 remaining . Kronwall still went on for three more shifts with either Smith or Green . Blashill has stated that the decision to sit Marchenko will be evaluated on a game-by-game basis as they want to use the lineup that gives them the best chance to win . If Blashill is truly committed to icing the lineup best prepared to win , it does n't appear as if Ericsson should be a part of that anymore .
NEW YORK , United States — Despite a worldwide outcry , the Iranian Revolutionary Guards is continuing to destroy a historic Baha ' i cemetery in Shiraz , Iran .
The ongoing demolition – which is understood to be taking place without a permit from municipal authorities – continues unabated . Ironically , President Hassan Rouhani 's advisor on religious and ethnic minorities spoke last Friday in a synagogue in Shiraz and called on Iranians to respect the rights of religious minorities . All the while , the revolutionary guards were carrying out the ongoing destruction in another part of the city .
`` Baha'is around the world have been moved by the overwhelming expressions of outrage in the media and particularly from Iranians both inside and outside of Iran who condemn this deplorable act , '' said Ms. Bani Dugal , the principal representative of the Baha ' i International Community to the United Nations .
Many Iranians have responded with anger , registering their concern online .
`` I 'm a Shiite Muslim and now my religion is placing a great burden on me because it is destroying the cemetery of another religion , '' wrote someone in response to a story on Radio Farda , an Iranian news website . `` Mr. Rouhani , please wake up from your sleep . ''
On Facebook , on a Persian-language page dedicated to promoting the spirit of citizenship , an individual posted an article about the Shiraz cemetery 's destruction , saying that whether someone was pro-government or against it , religious or atheist , how could one imagine supporting such an action . `` Which one of you supports this act committed against our Baha ' i compatriots by the Islamic Republic ? ''
Ms. Dugal added : `` Given the historic character of this ground , where some 950 Baha'is are buried , including ten women who were hanged in 1983 for their refusal to recant their Baha ' i belief , this continuing action is not only illegal but morally outrageous . ''
Noting that the news has been widely discussed in the news media and online , Ms. Dugal called on the international community to continue to raise its voice against the Guards ' action , in the hope that it will motivate the authorities in Iran to press harder for them to stop the demolition .
`` Given that their own advisor has been travelling the country calling for respect for religious minorities , we would hope that President Rouhani themselves would step in and get the Revolutionary Guards to stop this desecration , '' they said .
Word of the cemetery 's demolition emerged on 1 May after the Baha ' i International Community learned that Revolutionary Guards had in late April dug up an area of some 200 square meters and lined up some 40 to 50 trucks for continuing excavation .
It has since been learned that the appropriate municipal authorities had not issued a permit for the excavation , a legal procedure required for any such work . The Guards , who took ownership of the site three years ago and announced plans to build a new cultural and sports building there , ignored the legal requirement .
Ali Younesi , the special advisor to President Hassan Rouhani for ethnic and religious minorities , who issued a call for religious tolerance while visiting a synagogue in Shiraz , is reported to have said : `` Iran belongs to all Iranians from every minority group and they all have the right to live with peace among other people . '' They added : `` No one has the right to violate the rights of any minorities . ''
Ms. Dugal said Mr. Younesi 's remarks seemed to make a mockery of the government 's ability to control the Revolutionary Guards .
`` Here we have a top presidential advisor to Hassan Rouhani calling for Iranians to respect the rights of religious minorities , in a talk given at a Jewish holy place no less , while the revolutionary guards are hard at work in another part of the city destroying the holy ground of another religious group , '' said Ms. Dugal . `` The irony , let alone the injustice , is incredible . ''
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets Iowa Governor Terry Branstad as they speak during Iowa Senator Joni Ernst 's Roast and Ride at the Iowa State Fairgrounds in Des Moines August 27 , 2016 . REUTERS/Scott Morgan BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China said on Wednesday the governor of the U.S. state of Iowa , Terry Branstad , was an `` old friend '' after a report that they had accepted President-elect Donald Trump 's offer to become the next U.S. ambassador to China .
Bloomberg , citing sources , reported that Branstad had agreed to take the position .
`` We welcome them to play a greater role in advancing the development of China-U.S. relations , '' Foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a daily press briefing when asked about the report Branstad would become ambassador .
Lu did not confirm the Bloomberg report and said China would work with whoever became ambassador .
Branstad 's office could not be immediately reached for comment on the report and Trump 's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment by Reuters , outside business hours .
Trump had been scheduled to meet Branstad on Tuesday , their transition team said earlier , without elaborating .
Trump 's dealings with China have been in focus since Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen called them last week to congratulate him .
The call raised consternation in Beijing , which sees the self-ruled island as a renegade province and objects to other governments dealing with it .
Trump 's conversation with Tsai was the first such contact with Taiwan by a U.S. president-elect or president since President Jimmy Carter adopted a `` one-China '' policy in 1979 , recognizing only the Beijing government .
China suspects Tsai wants to push for the formal independence of Taiwan .
Branstad called Chinese President Xi Jinping a `` long-time friend '' when Xi visited Iowa in 2012 .
( Reporting by Sangameswaran S in BENGALURU , Christian Shepherd in BEIJING ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
With Rangers Training Camp a little over a month away ( camp opens on September 11th at Madison Square Garden ) , it 's time to take a look at the Top Five storylines heading in to the Rangers 2013-14 campaign .
Henrik Lundqvist 's Contract Situation
-Unless a contract extension is signed in the earlier portion of the regular season , get used to hearing the phrase “ Henrik Lundqvist is scheduled to become a free agent at the conclusion of the season ” a lot . It is highly unlikely that the Rangers brass lets Hank hit the open market ( I 'd be curious to see what one of the top goalies in the league would fetch as a free agent ) , but until the contracts are signed , this will be a story that looms all season . They are currently on the last year of a six year – $ 41.2 million dollar contract .
The Pitiful Power Play
-Many Rangers fans would joke that their Blueshirts should decline all power play opportunities and take a two-minute run-off from the clock instead . When you 're success rate with the man-advantage is 15.7 % ( good enough for 23rd in the league ) , it 's not a terrible idea . The bottom line is that there are enough skill guys on the roster that they should be much closer to the 20 % success rate . You 'd like to think that a new coaching style would help , but Alain Vigneault 's Canucks were a whole .1 % better than the Rangers , good enough for 22nd in the league . Speaking of AV…
Alain Vigneault 's First Year on Broadway
-It will be a much different dynamic for the Rangers players as compared to last season . Out goes John Tortorella 's defensive-minded system ( along with their gruff demeanor in the hockey world ) , in comes Alain Vigneault 's more open-style ( and affable personality ) . You get the sense it was n't a fun environment for Rangers players last season . A change in the day-to-day environment will provide a looser , better , more productive work place . Vigneault 's top priority is improving the asupervisorstioned power play unit .
Brad Richards is likely playing their last season as a Ranger
-Short of Brad Richards having an eighty point season and getting back to their clutch ways , he 's likely playing their last season in a Rangers uniform under their current contract . The Rangers have one amnesty buy-out remaining , and a cap hit of $ 6.66 million through the 2019-20 season is too big of a price tag for a guy who had 11 goals and 23 assists in 46 games ( projects to 19 goals and 41 assists in an 82-game season ) . With Lundqvist , Ryan Callahan , and Dan Girardi all scheduled to become unrestricted free agents after this season , that $ 6 million could be used to give those three players raises .
Can Marc Staal Get Back to Form ?
-For those who do n't remember , Marc Staal 's season basically came to an end after taking a puck to the eye in a game against the Philadelphia Flyers back on March 5th . The only game they played in after this was Game 3 of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals against the Capitals . One of the Rangers strengths over the past couple of seasons has been their quality blueline depth . Even 80 % of what Staal used to be would be a significant contribution . While Staal acknowledges that their vision will never be 100 % again , they have a strong will and work ethic . Whether those intangibles lead to them getting back to top-pairing form remains to be seen .
Two other things to keep an eye on are Chris Kreider and Rick Nash . Kreider is on the last year of their entry-level contract , while some want a little more offensively from Rick Nash . This Vigneault quote from their introductory press conference is encouraging for both :
“ I believe that your top skill players have to be given a little bit more latitude . They have to understand the game , they have to understand the time of the game they have to play higher percentage , but they also have to be given that latitude to make something out of nothing . That 's why those guys have the high-end skill and you have to give them that leeway . ”
Compared to the defensive-minded system Tortorella ran , AV 's system is more conducive to taking the training wheels off of the former Boston College Eagle and seeing what he 's made of . As for Rick Nash , it 's tough to poo-poo 21 goals and 21 assists in 48 games . That being said , they disappeared in the playoffs ( one goal & four assists in twelve games ) . He 's being counted on to be the team 's top source of consistent scoring . With both being given “ more latitude ” , both should be better in 2013-14 .
FORT MEADE , Md . ( AP ) — The young Army intelligence specialist accused of leaking government secrets spent their 24th birthday in court Saturday as their lawyers argued their status as a gay soldier before the repeal of “ do n't ask , do n't tell ” played an important role in their actions .
Lawyers for Pfc . Bradley Manning began laying out a defense to show that their struggles in an environment hostile to homosexuality contributed to mental and emotional problems that should have barred them from having access to sensitive material .
Manning is accused of leaking hundreds of thousands of sensitive items to the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks , including Iraq and Afghanistan war logs , State Department cables and a military video of a 2007 American helicopter attack in Iraq that killed 11 men , including a Reuters news photographer and their driver .
Prosecutors at the pretrial hearing in a small courtroom on an Army post outside Washington began trying to connect Manning to the publication of that material by WikiLeaks . On Saturday , they presented six of about 20 witnesses they plan to call during the hearing being held to determine whether Manning will be court-martialed on 22 counts , including aiding the enemy .
Testimony included the first references since the hearing began Friday to Adrian Lamo , a former hacker to whom Manning allegedly confessed their ties to WikiLeaks . The basis for the charges Manning faces are transcripts of a series of online chats with Lamo .
The Obama administration says the released information has threatened valuable military and diplomatic sources and strained America 's relations with other governments . Manning 's lawyers counter that much of the information that was classified by the Pentagon posed no risk .
Army criminal investigators described evidence they collected that links Manning to the WikiLeaks website 's collection of U.S. military and diplomatic secrets .
But among the first issues to arise Saturday was whether Manning 's sexual orientation is relevant to the case against him . The defense revealed that Manning had written to one of their supervisors in Baghdad before their arrest , saying they were suffering from gender-identity disorder . They included a picture of themselves dressed as a woman and talked about how it was affecting their ability to do their job and even think clearly .
Maj. Matthew Kemkes , a defense lawyer , asked Special Agent Toni Graham , an Army criminal investigator , whether they had talked to people who believed Manning was gay or found evidence among their belongings relating to gender-identity disorder . The condition often is described as a mental diagnosis in which people believe they were born the wrong sex .
Graham said such questions were irrelevant to the investigation . “ We already knew before we arrived that Pfc . Manning was a homosexual , ” Graham said .
Prosecutors objected several times to the questions . Kemkes responded that if the government can argue that Manning intended to leak secrets , “ what is going on in my client 's mind is very important . ”
During cross-examination of Treasury Department Special Agent Troy Bettencourt , who investigated the case , defense attorney Capt . Paul Bouchard asked them they were aware during their investigation that Manning was gay . “ Yes , sir , ” Bettencourrt said .
Bouchard asked Bettencourt if they believe Manning 's military leaders failed him , given their behavior such as overturning a table and throwing a chair in episodes of rage . Bettencourt said that in hindsight , “ I would like to think that had I been in the chain of command , I would have maybe done things differently . I would have been aware of everything we now know to prevent them from deploying — but that is with the benefit of hindsight . ”
Prosecutor Capt . Joe Morrow quickly asked Bettencourt if they believe people who have signed nondisclosure agreements , like Manning , “ have an individual responsibility to safeguard classified information. ” Bettencourt replied , “ Yes . ”
One of Manning 's commanders in Baghdad , Capt . Steven Lim , said Manning should have had their security clearance suspended because of their problems . Lim said the outbursts occurred before they arrived , and that when they learned of them after Manning 's arrest , they were shocked . Lim said they were also unaware that Manning believed they were suffering from gender-identity disorder .
A former platoon sergeant testified that Manning knew from training they should n't give classified information to people not authorized to have it . That witness , now retired Sgt . First Class Brian Madrid , said by phone from Arizona that they also had to give Manning “ corrective training ” in 2008 after Manning prepared a video for their family of themselves talking about their daily life .
Madrid said Manning had used words in the video like “ top secret ” and “ classified. ” And while they did n't reveal any secrets , those words could identify them as a person with a high-level security clearance and make them a target of those would want to compromise him .
During its cross-examination of Graham , the Army criminal investigator , Manning 's defense team also sought to convince the court that not all of the material they are accused of leaking is classified .
Graham , who collected evidence from Manning 's living quarters and workplace , testified that among the items seized was a DVD marked “ secret ” that contained a military video showing the 2007 incident in which Apache attack helicopters gunned down unarmed men in Iraq .
The video was taken from the cockpit of one the helicopters . WikiLeaks posted the video in April 2010 , sparking questions about the military 's rules of engagement and whether more needed to be done to prevent civilian casualties . The gunners can be heard laughing and referring to the men as “ dead bastards . ”
Kemkes asked Graham whether they knew the video was unclassified . They said they did n't . “ In fact , it was an unclassified video , ” Kemkes said .
At the time the video was posted by WikiLeaks , the Pentagon called it a breach of national security and it was believed to be secret .
Although WikiLeaks had been posting sensitive information to the Web since 2006 , release of the Apache video drew worldwide attention to the organization as it prepared to publish secret documents on the war in Afghanistan .
Manning 's appearances Friday and Saturday in the Fort Meade courtroom mark the first time they have been seen in public after 19 months in detention . The Oklahoma native comes to court in Army camouflage fatigues and wearing dark-rimmed glasses . Manning sat calmly in the courtroom Saturday without appearing to react to the testimony , even when centered on their troubled mental state and homosexuality . Manning listened intently and regularly took notes .
An Army appeals court on Friday rejected a defense effort to have the presiding officer , Lt. Col. Paul Almanza , because of alleged bias . Separately , lawyers for WikiLeaks and founder Julian Assange are asking the military 's highest appeals court to guarantee two seats in the Fort Meade courtroom .
Manning 's hearing is open to the public , with limited seating . Inside the courtroom , no civilian recording equipment is allowed . Instead of a judge , a presiding officer delivers a recommendation as to whether prosecutors have enough evidence to bring a suspect to trial . A military commander then makes the final decision .
The case has spawned an international support network of people who believe the U.S. government has gone too far in seeking to punish Manning .
More than 100 people gathered outside Fort Meade for a march in support of Manning , some holding signs declaring “ Americans have the right to know . Free Bradley Manning ” and “ Blowing the whistle on war crimes is not a crime . ”
Todd Anderson , 64 , said they drove from New York City to take part . “ I think this man showed a great deal of courage , the kind of thing I would n't have the courage to do , and I really consider them to be a hero , ” Anderson said .
Juline Jordan , 46 , said they flew in from Detroit just for the day . “ I support what they did because they exposed some horrific war crimes and horrific things done at the hands of the United States government and the Department of Defense , and he 's a hero for that , ” Jordan said .
In London , several dozen protesters from gay organizations , the Occupy London protest camp and other groups rallied outside the U.S. Embassy Saturday calling for Manning 's release and offering birthday wishes .
__
Associated Press writers Jill Lawless in London , Richard Lardner and Mark Sherman in Washington and Brian Witte at Fort Meade contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC .
It 's with a heavy heart that I have to make this GoFundMe today.Samisoni Koroitamudu , a young up and coming DJ from the Central Florida area lost their lives , along with 2 friends , in a car accident early August 29 , 2016.This fund has been setup to help cover the funeral costs their family will incur.More details to come. -- My name is Michael Lambie and I am a friend of Sam 's . I met sam roughly 8 years ago when I moved to Orlando . I met Sam through their longtime friend and fellow DJ Nikkolas Mohess ( ATM ) .I was immediately taken back by Sam as I noticed their attitude , demeanor and the overall way they carried themselves stood out from others.As I grew to know Sam better , I noticed their true humbleness . Sam was the most selfless person , always making it a point to greet everyone with a smile , and in my case the largest and best hug ever.It 's hard to talk about Sam without talking about their music . Sam 's ability to spread their love and kindness was their talent and they did that through music.The goal of this GoFundMe is to make sure their family does not suffer financially from losing their son.Thank you for your help .
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Moments before they surrendered after killing a second victim in their Hong Kong apartment , British banker Rurik Jutting ingested up to 20 grams of cocaine and imagined police were behind the curtains , a court heard on Thursday .
File photo of Rurik George Caton Jutting , a British banker charged with two counts of murder after police found the bodies of two women in their apartment , sitting in the back row of a prison bus as they arrive at the Eastern Law Courts in Hong Kong November 24 , 2014 . REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
In videoed police interviews shown on the fourth day of their trial for the murder of two Indonesian women , Jutting impassively described the paranoia they felt moments before calling police to come and get him .
Jutting has admitted killing Sumarti Ningsih , a 23-year-old single mother , and another Indonesian woman , Seneng Mujiasih , as they acted out violent fantasies .
But the former investment banker pleaded not guilty to murder on grounds of diminished responsibility , while pleading guilty to the lesser crime of manslaughter .
Collapsing bloodsoaked and exhausted on their balcony after struggling to cut the throat of 26-year-old Mujiasih , the Cambridge University graduate told how they then yelled and waved a knife at people on the sidewalk 31 floors below .
“ When I decided to surrender , I dropped my knife , ” Jutting said , describing how they barricaded themselves into their bedroom and called police . They also dropped and smashed a bottle of vodka .
“ I saw the curtains moving and I thought they ( the police ) were there , ” they said .
“ I took the amount of cocaine for one or two days in half an hour . ”
The video evidence showed Jutting telling police that they were consuming 10 packs of cocaine a day - each costing HK $ 1,000 ( $ 128.95 ) . In earlier evidence , they said they were getting through 10 grams per day , washed down with red wine and Red Bull energy drinks . They complained of insomnia .
After surrendering , Jutting gave police their phone as “ evidence ” , which contained photographs as well as four hours of video footage chronicling their cocaine and alcohol fueled spiral into an abyss of sexual torture and killing .
Dressed in a light blue shirt , Jutting , 31 , sometimes shut their eyes and tilted their head upwards as the interviews played before the jury of four women and five men .
FINDING A COKE DEALER
During the police interviews , Jutting said they had enticed both victims back to their apartment by offering to pay for sex .
They also described the drug dealer who sold them the cocaine .
“ It is all provided by Marvin , he 's a black man , ” Jutting told police . “ I was introduced to them by a sex worker ... on a daily basis they have been selling me cocaine . ”
Jutting said they primarily “ snorted ” the drug but also inserted it into their rectum . They removed their shirt to show self-inflicted scratch marks , which they said was an effect of cocaine .
A toxicologist , called as an expert witness by the prosecution on Wednesday , described the quantities of cocaine consumed by Jutting during a six-week binge as unbelievably high .
The jury was earlier shown footage that Jutting filmed themselves during the sexual torture and killing of Ningsih over the course of three days , capturing their taunts and boasts as well as their remorse and moments of self-loathing .
In videos played earlier in the trial , Jutting had described how they had crammed Ningsih 's mutilated body in a suitcase which police found on the balcony . They had been visiting Hong Kong on a tourist visa , while Mujiasih had been working there as a domestic helper .
The High Court trial is due to continue next Monday , when the defense is due to open its case .
Murder carries a mandatory life sentence in Hong Kong , while manslaughter carries a maximum sentence of life .
( This version of the story was refiled to correct the spelling “ Jutting ” in paragraph nine )
April 22 , 2013
Keegan O'Brien writes from Boston about what got left out in the media 's carnival-like atmosphere after the end of the manhunt for the Boston Marathon bombing suspects .
LAST FRIDAY night , after news reports that one suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings had been killed and another was captured , the media became fixated on crowds of Bostonians taking to the streets to `` celebrate . ''
There is nothing to celebrate . This week has been a tragedy at every level . It began with the horrific bombings at the Boston Marathon , killing three people , wounding over 180 , and traumatizing an entire city . It finished with a gunfight that left two dead and the whole city locked down as thousands and thousands of police and military personal conducted a massive manhunt for a 19-year-old .
A city I 've called home for my entire life suddenly felt under siege , and in many ways , it was . Boston became engulfed in a schizophrenic climate of anxiety and heartache , racism and fear , solidarity and empathy .
While a small number of ( overwhelmingly white ) students at private universities engaged in a grotesque display of arrogant nationalism , with little regard for the experiences of those most affected by the tragedy , I could n't help but think about those for whom this nightmare is nowhere close to being over and who likely found little reason to cheer .
Celebrations took place in Boston streets after the second suspect was detained
That 's true of the families and friends of Monday 's bombing victims and the first responders , scarred mentally and , some of them , physically . It 's also true of Arabs , Muslims and other immigrant communities -- a violent backlash that can only be described as racial terrorism has only just begun .
Victims of several hate crimes in the Boston area have already been made to pay for a crime they had nothing at all to do with -- such as a Latino friend of mine who was chased to their car by five white men and told to `` go back home '' because they looked like `` a fucking sand-n * * * er terrorist . '' Or my Muslim friend who was called a `` terrorist '' and told to `` take off their fucking hijab . '' Or a Russian friend who was told to `` shut the fuck up '' for speaking Russian .
While the media focused on images of white students hugging police officers , they ignored the traumatic violence that people of color and immigrant communities have already endured , and will continue to for weeks and months .
While they celebrated the death of 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev at the hands of police and salivated over the manhunt for their brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , by a domestic army , I found myself heartbroken . Dzhokhar is only 19 . Seeing their picture , I could not stop thinking to myself that this young man could have been one of my classmates , my cousins , my younger brothers .
The fact that any one could be driven to make such horrible decisions , and at such young ages , that would ruin their lives and the lives of so many others is nothing short of tragic . Recognizing this does not mean disrespecting the victims of Monday 's bombings , but rather , it is the starting point for seriously addressing the issues which drove them to commit such heinous crimes .
MEANWHILE , THE corporate media was filled with never-ending praise for more the thousands of police and federal law enforcement that turned the city into an armed camp . Seeing heavily armed police at every train station and SWAT tanks driving through the streets of Boston was more like images from occupied Iraq or checkpoints in Gaza then my own reality .
All of a sudden , everyone -- from CNN to Gov . Deval Patrick to President Barack Obama -- wanted us to believe that the same police that terrorize and incarcerate poor communities of color on a daily basis , and that brutally repressed the Occupy movement a little over a year ago , would now keep Bostonians safe .
I could n't buy it . Never once did the media question whether the increasing militarization of the police , the constant expansion of the surveillance state , the continuing erosion of basic civil liberties and the billions in taxpayer dollars spent on all of this really work to make people safer . It may not be popular to say , but none of this prevented the bombing in the first place , and it did little to keep people safe as the manhunt and confrontation took place later in the week .
Instead of feeling elated , I 'm deeply concerned that the government will do what it 's proven itself much better at : exploiting tragedy to justify increasing the national security state to control dissent and further terrorize already marginalized and targeted communities .
We live in a society permeated with violence . That violence , whether inflicted domestically or abroad , is perpetuated by society 's most powerful institutions . If we hope to live in a world of peace , where no one will experience the nightmare of this past week , then we need to reject militarizing the police , mass incarceration , enlarging the security state and demonizing Arabs and Muslims . Instead , we need to start addressing the social roots of what causes violence in our world .
Hi all !
Today I 'd like to talk about the future . About a not-so-glamorous future of mass cyber-attacks on things like nuclear power stations , energy supply and transportation control facilities , financial and telecommunications systems , and all the other installations deemed “ critically important ” . Or you could think back to Die Hard 4 – where an attack on infrastructure plunged pretty much the whole country into chaos .
Alas , John McClane is n't around to solve the problem of vulnerable industrial systems , and even if they were – their usual methods of choice would n't work . So it comes down to KL to save the world , naturally ! We 're developing a secure operating system for protecting key information systems ( industrial control systems ( ICS ) ) used in industry/infrastructure . Quite a few rumors about this project have appeared already on the Internet , so I guess it 's time to lift the curtain ( a little ) on our secret project and let you know ( a bit ) about what 's really going on .
But first – a little bit of background about vulnerable industrial systems , and why the world really needs this new and completely different approach of ours .
The Defenselessness of Industrial Systems
Though industrial IT systems and , say , typical office computer networks might seem similar in many ways , they are actually completely different beasts – mostly in terms of their priorities between security and usability . In your average company , one of the most important things is confidentiality of data , and IT administrators are encouraged to isolate infected systems from non-infected systems to that end , among others . Thus , for example , if on the corporate file server a Trojan is detected , the simplest thing to do is disconnect the infected system from the network and then later start to tackle the problem .
In industrial systems that ca n't be done , since here is the highest priority for them is maintaining constant operation come hell or high water . Uninterrupted continuity of production is of paramount importance at any industrial object in the world ; security is relegated to second place .
Another challenge to securing an “ always on ” environment arises due to software at an industrial/infrastructural installation only being updated after a thorough check for fault-tolerance – so as to make sure not to interrupt the working processes . And because such a check requires loads of effort ( yet still does n't provide a guarantee of non-failure ) many companies often simply do n't bother to update ICS at all – leaving it unchanged for decades . Updating software might even be expressly forbidden by an industrial/infrastructural organization 's safety policy . Just recently I read a nice piece about this , which listed 11 ICS security rules ; rule # 1 is “ Do not touch . Ever. ” What more of an illustration do you need ? !
Still , even if the possibility to update software and patch up “ holes ” does exist , this does n't always help much . Manufacturers of specialized software are n't interested in constant source code analysis and patching holes . As experience has shown , corners ( costs ) are normally cut on this kind of activity , and patches are released only if a certain exploit has been found and put on the Internet . In fairness , this is true for common , garden variety software , not just specialized software ; still , today we 're talking about specifically industrial software .
The problem consists in the following : the vulnerability of control software , programmed controllers , and industrial communication networks leads to operators of industrial/ infrastructural systems not actually having the ability to receive reliable information about the systems ' total operation ! Theoretically a situation is possible where , let 's say , a system for distributing electricity is attacked , as a result of which somewhere at a distant installation the other side of the country a breakdown occurs . But the control center does n't know anything about it : the attackers have sent to its computers false data .
Examples
You do n't need to look far to find examples of this actually happening in real life . The first method used – an example of cyber-sabotage at its potentially most dangerous – was in a direct attack on SCADA systems as far back as the year 2000 in Australia . An employee of a third-party contractor who was working on the control systems of Maroochy Shire Council carried out 46 ( ! ) attacks on its control system , which caused the pumps to stop working or work not as they should have . No one could understand what was happening , since the communication channels inside the system had been breached and the information traveling along them distorted . Only after months did companies and the authorities manage to work out what had happened . It turned out that the worker really wanted to get a job at the sewage firm , was rejected , and so decided to flood a huge area of Queensland with sewage !
There are plenty of other such examples ; they 're just not reported in the media . After all , victim companies are generally not too keen on letting the whole world know their systems have been compromised . ( Public interest issues abound , but I 'll save those for another day and another post… ) And in many incidents even the victims themselves do n't know they 've been attacked . Not long ago a hole was found in RuggedCom industrial routers that permitted any average user to simply increase his/her access rights up to administrator level and gain control over the device . By who , when , how , and where else the hole could have been exploited can only be guessed at . Plus how many similar holes exist and are possibly being exploited in secret – we can only guess at .
For a bit of personal-development I recommend reading about attacks on ICS that succeeded in fulfilling their missions – here , here and here .
So who else – apart from blackmailers , disgruntled job applicants , etc . – might get access to the source code of ICS software , controllers , operating systems and the like ? Of course there are the respective government and industry authorities – namely those with a department that certifies software for critically important systems . But in recent years there have been departments created for developing cyber-weapons used for attacking opponents ' systems , whomever they may be – perhaps commercial competitors , but more likely other countries in general .
I mean things like Stuxnet and the subsequent Duqu , Flame and Gauss – malware so vastly complex that it 's clear it was developed with the support of nation states . And it does n't really matter who 's being targeted at present ; what matters is that such cyber-weapons are being developed and deployed at all . And once Pandora 's Box is open , there 's no way of getting it closed again . The building up of armaments for attacks on the industrial systems and infrastructure of enemies sooner or later will affect us all . So it turns out that the biggest threat to the planet today comes not from the regular cyber-riff-raff , and not even from organized cyber-criminals , but from nation state-backed creators of cyber-weapons .
Protection Today : Alas , Not Effective
At the same time as arming themselves , both infrastructure companies and various government authorities are n't forgetting about protection . Indeed , they started protecting themselves long ago . But how do they actually go about it ?
There are really just two methods . The first – isolating critically important objects : disconnecting them from the Internet , or physical isolation from the outside world in some other way . However , as experience has shown , if a technician during the night shift wants to watch films from an infected USB stick on the control computer – nothing 's going to stop them ( we have working methods for blocking such activity , but I wo n't go into that here ) .
Second – keeping secrets . Collective and large-scale attempts to keep secret everything and anything . Developers of ICS keep the source code secret , owners of factories and infrastructure place a “ SECRET ” stamp on the schematics of information and control systems , the types of used software are kept secret , and so on . However , at the same time , information about vulnerabilities in , for example , the majority of popular SCADA systems , is freely available on the Internet . And if we dig deeper we find that for several years already the SHODAN search engine has been up and running – designed for , among other things , seeking out vulnerable industrial systems ( including SCADA ) , whose owners decide to connect them to – or forgot to disconnect them from – the Internet .
In parallel , specialists at industrial/infrastructure organizations also apply traditional methods of protection of vulnerable software and operating systems through control over program behavior and also over actions of users . But a 100 % guarantee of protection ca n't be provided , again because of vulnerability-by-default in the software doing the controlling . But for critical infrastructure a guarantee is what is needed most of all .
Protection as It Should Be
Ideally , all ICS software would need to be rewritten , incorporating all the security technologies available and taking into account the new realities of cyber-attacks . Alas , such a colossal effort coupled with the huge investments that would be required in testing and fine-tuning would still not guarantee sufficiently stable operation of systems .
But there is fully realizable alternative : a secure operating system , one onto which ICS can be installed , and which could be built into the existing infrastructure – controlling “ healthy ” existing systems and guaranteeing the receipt of reliable data reports on the systems ' operation .
First I 'll answer the most obvious question : how will it be possible for KL to create a secure OS if no one at Microsoft , Apple , or the open source community has been able to fully secure their respective operating systems ? It 's all quite simple really .
First : our system is highly tailored , developed for solving a specific narrow task , and not intended for playing Half-Life on , editing your vacation videos , or blathering on social media . Second : we 're working on methods of writing software which by design wo n't be able to carry out any behind-the-scenes , undeclared activity . This is the important bit : the impossibility of executing third-party code , or of breaking into the system or running unauthorized applications on our OS ; and this is both provable and testable .
More details about the system , its requirements and background to its development you can read here .
In closing , in anticipation of the multitude of questions from colleagues , partners , media and simply curious folks , a few basics : the development is a truly secure environment . It 's a sophisticated project , and almost impracticable without active interaction with ICS operators and vendors . We ca n't reveal many details of the project now because of the confidentiality of such cooperation . And we do n't want to talk about some stuff so competitors wo n't jump on our ideas and nick the know-how . And then there are some details that will remain for certain customers ' eyes only forever , to ward off cyber-terrorist abuses . But as soon as any possibilities do appear , we 'll tell you all we can about the project in more detail .
Till next time !
NEW YORK , Oct. 4 ( UPI ) -- When Oscar-winning actor Denzel Washington shows up in a movie , audiences generally expect them to seek justice , bring order to chaos , heroically lead a group , vanquish the enemy or catch the villain .
But for the first time in a distinguished film career that spans more than two decades , Washington is the villain -- a juicy role the 47-year-old native New Yorker said they relished playing .
In the new cop drama `` Training Day , '' they portray a corrupt Los Angeles narcotics officer who shakes down gang members and drug dealers , shoots people and drinks on the job , all on the day they are supposed to be showing their new partner ( Ethan Hawke ) the ropes .
`` It was a lot of fun , '' said the star of `` Remember the Titans , '' `` Malcolm X '' and `` Glory . ''
`` It was a lot of fun because it was new . I 've done , I do n't know , almost 30 pictures now , and this is the first time I 've done anything like this , so it was fun . It was fun to be able to say whatever you wanted to say and get away with it . I was talking earlier about 'Devil in a Blue Dress ' and that 's when I really realized that Don Cheadle 's character , Mouse ... I was like 'Man , I 'm playing the wrong part . ' He 's got the good part and nobody 's ever asked me to play the bad guy . I guess they do n't look at me that way . Maybe they will now , '' the actor explained .
Washington described their character , at the point we meet them in the movie , as `` an egomaniac , an arrogant thief , a killer , a liar and someone who 'll use anybody . ''
`` He 's a sick , sick man and we even added the stuff with the kid in the middle of the shootout ( to make them look worse ) , '' they said . `` That was n't in the script . I said , 'Let 's take the tension a step higher by putting the kid right in the middle of it . ' And now , suddenly , I 'll use my own kid ... He 's the boogeyman , '' adding that their character `` gets what they deserve '' at the end of the film .
The scene with the child was n't the only one in which Washington was encouraged to improvise .
`` We improvised a lot , '' they said . `` 'You want to go to jail ? You want to go home ? ' was not written . Calling them a 'nigger ' the whole movie was not written . I just put that in there . Almost that whole last scene where I 'm screaming at everybody , I made it up . The bones of it were there . But I just realized that I kept developing ... and ( director ) Antoine
( Fuqua ) encouraged me . They said , 'Man , some of this stuff you makeup is the best stuff . ' So , we would just flow with it . Like when I came up with that 'King Kong ' line , I do n't know where that came from . I was just riffing . I just think it was their ego . What was important to me was that they suffered and that everyone turned their back on him . That they crawled on the ground . That 's why I made sure I got down on the ground like a snake . Nobody would help them and they died in the worst way . ''
The movie took Washington and Hawke to some of LA 's tougher neighborhoods to film , something Washington said did n't scare them in the least .
`` It 's a movie , '' they stated . `` Ninety-nine point nine percent of the people in the neighborhood are just hard-working folks . ''
Asked if what we see on film in this neighborhood is exaggerated then , Washington replied : `` I have n't seen too many cops riding around with $ 70,000 Rolex watches and ... No , all of the gang bangers were gang bangers . The ( gang members ) you saw in red were real . And they were from that street ... I did n't worry about what procedure was or what cops really do because I said , 'There ca n't really be one like this guy . ' You ca n't shoot up half a neighborhood and then ride around all day with bullet holes ... Somebody 's gon na be checking in . Nobody in that neighborhood called the police ? ' ''
So , does that mean they did n't feel even the slightest sense of danger ?
`` I did n't . I did n't , '' they insisted . `` I mean , it 's exciting , but , I mean , they 're people . I tell you , I felt a sense of danger when I filmed in Rahway State Penitentiary ( for 'Hurricane ' ) . When they lock them doors behind you . That 's a sense of danger . And I got along with the people in there . I 've made a lot of movies that I got a lot of support in the streets . And love in the streets , as they say . And I 've never had a problem with black people at all . ''
The star of `` Cry Freedom '' and `` Philadelphia '' even recalled meeting members of the infamous Crips gang while they were shooting scenes for `` Training Day '' in Imperial Courts .
`` When I got there that morning ( director ) Antoine was like , 'Let 's go meet the fellas . ' And I was like , 'Yeah . Let 's go meet them , ' '' they said . `` So , I go meet everybody and they 're like , 'You got ta go meet my mom . ' 'Well , where is she ? ' I said . And she 'd come over and give me a hug and she 's like 'Well , I 'm gon na go fix you something to eat ' and I 'm like , 'Come on , let 's go get something to eat now . ' Go in the house to get some food and she 's like 'Oh , baby , he 's so nice . ' And someone ( from the crew ) told me later on that that was the head guy 's mom and they said 'You 're in over here now . We ca n't even mess with you . ' ''
Washington claimed that they even asked some of the gang members for advice on how to effectively play their part .
`` I do n't remember if it was Crips or Bloods , I said now , 'Which guy would you go for ? ' '' they recalled . `` And they said , 'Hey we 'd just sit back and let you guys just kill each other . ' I said , 'What guy would you lean towards ' They said , 'We 'd lean towards Jake ( Hawke 's character ) because he 's younger and maybe we could manipulate them and we know that you 're so far in over your head that you 'll give anybody up or kill anybody to survive . ' I found that interesting . ''
Washington said the film was not a political statement about corruption in the police force .
`` The overwhelming majority of cops do a great job , '' they said . `` This is not an indictment of the LAPD . And the LAPD does n't have a monopoly on bad cops . We all know that . This is about a guy who went too far . This is not based on anyone in the LAPD . ''
Asked to explain their universal appeal to men and woman of all races and ages , Washington humbly replied : `` You go to the theater and there 's like 18 choices and there are 100 different reasons why people do n't go or go to what they want to go to and there still are and they 'll make a decision based upon what they want to do . That 's out of my hands . I ca n't control why people go to films or why they do n't and I do n't worry about that . I just try to make good pictures ... I 've learned that all I can do is what I do . Put it up there on the screen . Work hard for the people . That 's what I 'm doing it for . That 's why we 're here . That 's why I make movies -- for the public . I make the best movies I can make . ''
As for being nominated for another Oscar , Washington said he 's not going to get themselves all excited , but instead try to keep an even keel and just keep making good pictures .
`` We 'll see what happens , '' they said . `` I just remember the look on my mother 's face ( when they won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for 'Glory ' in 1989 . ) It was a heck of a 'thank you ' card . I just remember they could n't believe it . I remember looking out , they were just like , 'My baby . My baby 's up there with the big boys . '
`` Then later on that night , they were funny because , we were sitting in the front row and all these stars were going by and nobody 's really speaking and later on that night after I won everybody 's dropping by and she 's like , 'Oh , I see this Hollywood stuff . Now everybody 's your friend now . ' I said , 'You got it , Ma . That 's it . You got the game in a nutshell . ' ''
Jan 10 , 2014 ; Vancouver , British Columbia , CAN ; Vancouver Canucks defenseman Dan Hamhuis ( 2 ) during the second period against the St. Louis Blues at Rogers Arena . The Vancouver Canucks won 2-1 . Mandatory Credit : Anne-Marie Sorvin-USA TODAY Sports
Two More Stars Out Of Sochi Olympics With Injuries by Geordie Carragher
A day after Steven Stamkos announced they would n't be going to Sochi for the Olympics , Team Canada may have a late-blooming injury issue on their hands .
Vancouver Canucks defenceman Dan Hamhuis was scratched for the second straight game against the Montreal Canadiens with an injury , which could put their Olympic status in doubt .
Canucks general manager Mike Gillis went on Team1040 Radio with Matthew Sekeres and Blake Price on Thursday , where they said Hamhuis was dealing with a soft tissue injury , which they suffered on Monday against the Detroit Red Wings .
If the Smithers , B.C. , native is unable to make the trek to Sochi , Hockey Canada will have a decision to make with regards to how to replace him .
The obvious choice to replace Hamhuis is Brent Seabrook of the Chicago Blackhawks , one of two active defencemen ( along with San Jose 's Dan Boyle ) who won gold in Vancouver in 2010 who did n't make the team this time around . Seabrook is a big body who is in the prime of their career in Chicago , and he 's a steadying presence on the ice .
Though they likely would n't play with Blackhawks defence partner Duncan Keith in Sochi , Seabrook is the type of player who could fit with just about anybody on the blue line and still make a positive contribution .
However , the supposed knock against Seabrook in the Sochi process is being a right-handed shot . It 's well-known that Canadian assistant coach Ken Hitchcock is a fan of having a left and right-handed defenceman on each pairing , and if Hamhuis ca n't go , it takes away a left-handed shot .
When looking at southpaw substitutes , Calgary Flames captain Mark Giordano may be one of the first names considered . Giordano was on the Canadian radar throughout the process , and they have apparently been told to stay ready in the event of an injury . It could also vindicate Giordano , as an ankle injury early in the season may have cost them a shot at making Team Canada outright .
If picked , Giordano would become the second Flame to draw in as an injury replacement , with Mikael Backlund rumoured to be joining Team Sweden after Vancouver captain Henrik Sedin announced they would n't be going because of a rib injury .
In addition , shutdown rearguards like the New York Rangers ' Marc Staal or Toronto captain Dion Phaneuf could find themselves in the discussion , though neither would be considered a shoo-in .
Though Canada has considerable defensive depth , only time will tell how everything shakes out with regards to Hamhuis . Vancouver 's last game before the Olympic break is on Saturday in Toronto against the Maple Leafs . If Hamhuis is unable to suit up , it may be the last maple leaf they see for the foreseeable future .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COTTONWOOD HEIGHTS , Utah -- Police in Cottonwood Heights offered more details Saturday about a large protest at a town hall put on by Rep. Jason Chaffetz earlier this week , saying a handful protester with holstered firearms and bandannas covering their faces urged others to rush officers when they closed the doors .
Lt. Dan Bartlett of the Cottonwood Heights Police Department said several individuals at the event were demonstrating their Constitutional rights to openly carry handguns .
“ There were several people who had come and exercised their constitutional rights to open carry , which is fine with us , we 're used to it—it 's something that happens here in Utah all of the time , '' Bartlett said .
However , two or three men with handguns also had bandannas covering their mouths and faces . Bartlett said when officers closed the door to the event due to the crowd reaching fire code limits , those individuals tried to incite the crowd to rush at police and gain entry .
`` As the crowd started to grow and chant and it got a little louder , they were in the crowd kind of telling other people in the protest that they should rush the cops , '' Bartlett said .
Bartlett said none of the other people in the crowd followed this suggestion , and police were quickly made aware of the issue .
“ People were n't having it , for the most part everyone was very kind with us , a lot of people shook our hands , '' they said .
As officers approached the men who were trying to incite the crowd , those men left the scene . Officers did not pursue , and there were no arrests made .
“ We caught onto that pretty quickly and put an end to it , '' Bartlett said .
Bartlett said none of the people carrying weapons at the protest drew or brandished their firearms .
Unrelated to the incident with the masked protesters , another group of people tried to gain access to the rear of the school , believing this would allow them to confront Rep. Chaffetz as they exited the event . Police were able to direct those people away from the rear of the school .
There were no injuries or property damage reported in connection with either incident or the protest in general .
“ For the most part everyone was very calm and respectful with us , and we did n't have very many issues , but we had one arrest , '' Bartlett said .
The town hall drew at least 2,000 people , hundreds of whom were left outside as the auditorium reached capacity . Bartlett said the town hall attracted great interest in the days beforehand , and the event was moved to the high school from city hall to make more seats available .
Rep. Chaffetz said they believe some of those who attended were paid protesters sent in an attempt to bully and intimidate him , a statement several constituents who tried to attend the event refuted .
Cottonwood Heights PD noted in their tweets Saturday that some people in the crowd came from out of state .
We spoke with people from all over including outside of Utah who attend Rep Chaffetz meeting . Thanks for being respectful to Police Officers — CH Police ( @ CHPolice ) February 12 , 2017
“ There were several groups out there protesting all sorts of different things , '' Bartlett said . `` There were a lot of Bears Ears people who wanted to talk about that… there were several interest groups that had different signs and things like that , and they were peaceful for the most part so it was n't an issue for us . ”
Fox 13 News reached out to Congressman Chaffetz Saturday for a reaction , and their office declined to comment .
Two years ago I published in the Daily Kos and Huffington Post ( see bottom of list of articles ) a series of investigative exposés regarding the strange case of the USA Pavilion at the 2010 Shanghai World Expo , a little-known event literally over the horizon , beyond the ken of most Americans and the press .
I related how , through a series of schemes and collusions dating back to a 2006 Bush Cabinet meeting , a shell company -- Shanghai Expo 2010 , Inc. ( SE 2010 Inc. ) -- was organized in 2008 by the Shanghai Consulate , the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai ( Amcham Shanghai , a franchisee of the US Chamber of Commerce ) , and the giant Covington & Burling law firm .
Funded with Chinese seed capital supplied by a Connecticut-based front business , SE 2010 Inc. was secretly authorized by the State Department to develop the USA Pavilion .
In my complaint to the IRS , I contend that SE 2010 Inc. was in fact a money-laundering front whose real purpose was to create a multimillion-dollar slush fund available for use in the 2010 midterm elections . When in 2009 the real money started pouring in ( ironically , raised by a naive Secretary of State Clinton ) , SE 2010 Inc. was hastily designated by IRS examiners -- pressured by Covington & Burlng -- as a private , tax-exempt `` charitable organization . '' Once that happened , SE 2010 Inc. became a black hole . Money streamed in but no information ever came out .
The Bush Administation created SE 2010 Inc. as a so-called `` 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) '' tax-exempt organization to avoid Congressional and public oversight that would accompany a traditional appropriation of public funds . Tax-exempt organizations are virtually impossible to track given the stark taxpayer-privacy provisions in the Tax Code . I contend that the for the $ 70 million-plus that 75 American and Chinese multinational corporations contributed , ostensibly to build the USA Pavilion but actually destined for less savory , possibly illegal purposes .
Four years later , emboldened by the Supreme Court 's infamous Citizens United decision , primarily Republican political interests are using a stripped-down version of the IRS tax-exempt charitable organization to create `` social welfare '' tax-exempt organizations that avoid public oversight misapplying the same IRS rules that shielded SE 2010 Inc. from public scrutiny . My hope is that the process now bringing down SE 2010 Inc. can be applied to bring down the `` social welfare '' superpacs .
SE 2010 Inc. faltered almost immediately due to the unsavory personalities of the individuals chosen to run it . So the Chinese Government stepped in , in 2009 , to fund , design , and construct the USA Pavilion at a cost that may have exceeded $ 30 million . ( Like the initial startup gift to SE 2010 Inc. , this considerably larger gift from the Chinese was never declared , a second felony violation of the Foreign Agent Registration Act , or FARA ) . That was the first of many illegal activities that required the protection of the misapplied privacy protections in the Tax Code .
The bizarre pavilion that resulted resembled an auto-mall showroom . It featured a fastfood center selling unhealthy fare , a meaningless 15-minute film extravaganza costing over $ 23 million to make , and an over-the-top exhibition hall stuffed to the rafters with corporate commercials . The USA Pavilion was widely panned by critics and according to Mandarin-speaking observers , resented by millions of Chinese visitors . The disappointing aesthetics of the USA Pavilion and the blow it delivered to American public diplomacy has been documented in an acclaimed , soon to be released film by USC architecture professor and filmmaker Mina Chow , Face of a Nation .
Of course , entertaining the Chinese masses was not what the USA Pavilion was all about . Hosting Chinese and corporate VIPs -- a function turned over to Amcham Shanghai , a subsidiary of the US Chamber of Commerce -- was far more important to the State Department , and a great way to transfer tens of millions of dollars for that purpose without public or press oversight . For Amcham Shanghai , the stakes were even higher : I believe it 's the most important task was repatriating the tens of millions to the USA for use by its US Chamber of Commerce parent in the 2010 midterm elections , thus winning the House for the Republicans .
I 'm guessing it did n't take long for Karl Rove , whose best friend Frank Lavin was de facto running the USA Pavilion , to realize that SE 2010 Inc. was a perfect prototype for 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) `` social welfare '' superpacs -- unbridled , super-secret political action committees organized by billionaires . A convenient coincidence was the US Supreme Court 's decison in Citizens United authorizing the formation of superpacs . Rove 's Crossroads GPS tax-exempt superpac appeared simultaneously with these fortuitous events ; others followed .
( `` Conventional '' superpacs and tax-exempt `` social welfare '' organizations legally are different breeds of animal . Superpacs are campaign funds on steroids that must report membership and other information to the Federal Election Commission ; tax-exempts do all their campaign-finance raising and spending in secret . But the press and public have conflated the terms . Public opporbrium for `` superpacs '' is actually directed at the tax-exempt organizations more than the traditional superpacs so for the purposes of this article , I have expropriated the term `` superpacs '' and applied it to the 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) `` social welfare '' tax-exempt organizations that pose the greater threat to our democracy , resulting in the label , `` social welfare '' superpacs . )
Americans of all political persuasions have expressed dismay at the existence of the superpacs and the threat they pose to our democracy . So far , no one has found a way to curtail them .
The story of SE 2010 Inc. , however , reveals a critical weakness in their formation that can be exploited to kill the superpacs or at least reduce their viability and striking power .
SE 2010 Inc. and the `` social welfare '' tax-exempts are very much alike . Both are `` 501 ( c ) '' tax-exempt corporations within the purview of the IRS ' Exempt Organizations Division .
SE 2010 Inc. is ( or was -- its current whereabouts are unknown ) a so-called 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax-exempt corporation . 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax-exempts are organized to provide specific public benefits described in the Tax Code . These benefits can be educational , social , charitable , and so forth . Their income is not taxable and contributions to them are tax-deductible . Their contributors may remain anonymous .
501 ( c ) s they are required to file tax returns -- IRS Form 990s -- each tax year , though the penalty for not doing so is a mere $ 100 a day , a pittance . SE 2010 Inc. never filed a timely or complete tax return . Its most recent Form 990 for the tax year that would have covered its apparent roll-up and dissolution -- including the disposition of tens of millions in unspent assets -- apparently was never submitted at all . Until recently , this was not enough to trigger an IRS examination .
What then would trigger an examination ?
The `` social welfare '' superpacs are ( 501 ) ( c ) ( 4 ) tax-exempt corporations , a streamlined version of the 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) s. They are organized to promote `` social welfare , '' a term virtually undefined in the Tax Code . No messy pavilions or cookie sales for them ! Whereas 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax-exempts may not participate in political advocacy ( more than 20 percent of their effort ) , 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) tax-exempts can and do participate without limitation in political campaigns and elections . So long as 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) tax-exempts stick to `` causes '' and partisan advocacy and do not endorse indvidual political candidates , their contributions are not limited . Hence their ability to collect and dispense billions of dollars in pursuit of their political goals . And while superpacs must declare their contributors , the contributors themselves can adopt fictitious names that cloak their identities .
However , with all these potential advantages , 501 ( c ) s must receive `` determinations '' from the IRS that they do in fact qualify as tax-exempt and charitable organizations . The IRS does not grant tax-exempt or `` charitable organization '' status . An organization `` earns '' the appellation by its activities . The IRS then determines if it fits the requirements of the Tax Code . When it requests a determination , the organization must declare its purpose . And it must live up to it this purpose , however strained it may be to fit the requirements of the Tax Code .
501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s are expressly `` Civic Leagues , Social Welfare Organizations , and Local Associations of Employees . '' They must be engaged in `` social welfare '' activities primarily although they can conduct business under different rules . The term is loosey-goosey and requires judicial review . How about now ?
SE 2010 Inc. may have hung itself on its own petard by first pressuring IRS examiners to provide it with a determination letter when in fact it was not eligible for one and then operating in ways not in accordance with its stated purpose -- which is perjury and a felony . Right now , the situation of those who perpetrated the SE 2010 Inc. racket ( as in RICO ) is very precarious . And if it is precarious for them , there is very little to protect current `` social welfare '' tax-exempt abusers from retribution . I believe that a number of forces are lining up to accomplish this very purpose , about which Citizens United has little to say .
The IRS determination process for 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s and the enforcement of the `` social welfare '' purpose declared by most to shield their campaign largesse from public scrutiny are ripe for reform -- reform that will be good for the IRS and good for the nation . Even the Supreme Court can not deny that the misuse of the `` social welfare '' appellation as it appears in the Tax Code and the IRS Tax Guide is egregious and rampant .
Fortunately , given the rapid pace of politics , an attack on the `` social welfare '' tax-exempts need n't occur only at the time of their filing for determination letters . It can occur anytime thereafter . And should . That the IRS has not thoroughly explicated the rules for `` social welfare '' activities and has n't at this moment the resources to examine controversial activities are momentary problems . A Democratic victory might not result in necessary reforms , but for the American social contract to be upheld , something must and I believe , will be done . We may thank Rove and the 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s for stretching things so far that finally it registers with the American people how much the law -- tax law , criminal law , etc . -- benefits social criminals and not law-abiding citizens . Then things will get interesting .
However , without waiting for reform , an immediate attack on the `` social welfare '' superpacs is possible now . The method is to challenge the initial determinations provided to the 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) s before the IRS and eventually , in the courts by filing a Form 13909 Complaint with the IRS . Every so-called `` social welfare '' superpac must state its purpose to the IRS and then fulfill it . A weak statement or one that is not lived up to in the actual operations of the `` social welfare '' superpac is possible grounds for a perjury conviction , the penalty for a false statement made to the IRS by the applicant superpac .
While it 's unlikely that such a complaint will be considered by the IRS before the elections , let alone ruled on , the possibility that it will be ruled on , resulting in the superpac being found fraudulent and the applicants found guilty of perjury , should definitely put the brakes on the billionaires ' enthusiasm to involve themselves in this potentially criminal activity .
This is the step over which SE 2010 Inc. tripped , with possibly disastrous results . It could happen to every `` social welfare '' superpac . And should .
As for SE 2010 Inc. , it seems to have disappeared from the face of the earth with tax returns unfiled and tens of millions unaccounted for . But that 's not the end of its story . I ca n't identify my source , who must remain anonymous , but the SE 2010 Inc. racket and its mechanisms will soon be revealed in detail . And from that outcome we may be able to discern how best to dissemble the `` social welfare '' superpacs .
For an excellent recounting of the entire 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) peril and dilemma , readers are referred to Kim Barker 's excellent investigative article for ProPublica , `` How Nonprofits Spend Millions on Elections and Call It Public Welfare , '' August 19 , 2012 ( updated August 24 ) . This battle has only just begun .
Stupid , but unfortunately this stupidity is baked into the jurisprudential cake due to the intractability of the underlying problem . It 'd be nice to set a bright-line rule about religious symbols on state land , where they 're either always okay or never okay . But neither of those positions works . You ca n't have a system where they 're always okay or else you 're inviting overt attempts at religious indoctrination by the government . That would violate the Establishment Clause . At the other extreme , you ca n't have a system where religious symbols are never permitted . Imagine trying to remove the crosses at Arlington National Cemetery . Necessarily the analysis in cases about monuments is ad hoc , and just as necessarily that sort of analysis depends on the judge 's subjective view .
Courts are left trying to feel their way case by case , essentially taking a “ I know it when I see it ” approach to unconstitutional government-financed religious symbolism . Normally that involves applying something called the “ Lemon test , ” drawn from a SCOTUS case of the same name , which tries to standardize judicial reasoning in analyzing cases like these . But it ends up as a hash in practice , with judges essentially using it to wrestle with the concept of de minimis indoctrination . Every religious symbol on government land risks indoctrinating the observer a little bit . Invariably the symbols are tied to virtues like heroism in war , in law enforcement , and so on . If you admire the valor of a soldier and a giant cross stands before you to commemorate that valor , maybe you 'll admire the cross and what it represents a little bit more too . But how much more ? How much indoctrination is too much for the Establishment Clause ?
A 40-foot cross at an intersection ? Too much , says the Fourth Circuit :
Built in 1925 with funding from local families and The American Legion , the marble-and-cement cross honors 49 Prince George 's County men who died in the war . On the base are the words : valor , endurance , courage and devotion . A bronze tablet lists the names of the men and includes a quote from President Woodrow Wilson . The monument is part of a larger memorial park in the immediate area honoring veterans of several wars… The Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission , a state agency , owns the land and monument , and has spent about $ 117,000 to maintain and repair the cross , in addition to setting aside $ 100,000 for renovations… The initial challenge in Maryland was brought by the American Humanist Association , a Washington-based group that represents atheists and others . The group did not dispute the monument is a memorial , but said in court that a giant cross on government property sends a message of exclusion in violation of the First Amendment… In response to the 4th Circuit ruling on Wednesday , the humanist association 's executive director , Roy Speckhardt said , “ government war memorials should respect all veterans , not just those from one religious group . ”
Here 's the opinion , which duly applies the “ Lemon test. ” Does the monument have a secular purpose ? Is its primary effect one that neither advances nor inhibits religion ? Does it foster an excessive government entanglement with religion ? Well , says the court , it does have a secular purpose in honoring the dead of World War I , but … it 's a cross . A really big cross . It 's farking huge ! You ca n't miss it :
Granted , says the court , there are also crosses at Arlington — many , many , many , many more than there are at this Maryland memorial — but those are little bitty crosses by comparison . And there are n't just crosses there but Jewish stars , Muslim crescents , and so on , although the vast majority of symbols on the headstones are , of course , Christian . End result : The ol ' “ Lemon test ” for measuring de minimis religious indoctrination by the state is now literally a test about size , at least in part . The cross is just too damned big for constitutional comfort , raising a ridiculous new question about how small the First Amendment requires Christian symbols to be . See what I mean about the law in this area being a goofy hash ?
To my mind , the mere fact that the cross is part of a war memorial should have been the end of the analysis . Obviously observers make intellectual allowances for religious symbolism when they 're at a site honoring the dead . As with the headstones at Arlington , the symbolism is viewed not so much as a state endorsement of religion as the deceased 's endorsement of religion . Same here , assuming most of the men honored at the site were Christian ( a safe assumption ) . But even there , you could imagine absurd hypotheticals that would test your reasoning . Imagine a gigantic statue of Christ on the scale of the one in Rio with a huge plaque reading “ BELIEVE ” and a teeny tiny plaque underneath reading “ Dedicated to America 's war dead. ” Is that still a de minimis Establishment Clause infraction ? That 'd be a fun one for Neil Gorsuch to wrestle with , in case anyone reading this feels like sculpting .
Anyway . If you 're annoyed by the court 's decision , know that I am too even though I 'm a nonbeliever . This is horribly bad PR for the non-religious , most of whom ( I think ) take the fact that America is a religious country in stride and are used to occasional religious symbolism being used in ceremonies . Sinister attempts at real religious indoctrination by the state are mercifully rare . This sort of lawsuit makes a mockery of that .
Homosexual Activist Admits True Purpose of Battle is to Destroy Marriage
Even knowing that there are radicals in all movements , does n't lessen the startling admission recently by lesbian journalist Masha Gessen . On a radio show they actually admit that homosexual activists are lying about their radical political agenda . They say that they do n't want to access the institution of marriage ; they want to radically redefine and eventually eliminate it .
Here is what they recently said on a radio interview :
“ It 's a no-brainer that ( homosexual activists ) should have the right to marry , but I also think equally that it 's a no-brainer that the institution of marriage should not exist . … ( F ) ighting for gay marriage generally involves lying about what we are going to do with marriage when we get there — because we lie that the institution of marriage is not going to change , and that is a lie . The institution of marriage is going to change , and it should change . And again , I do n't think it should exist . And I do n't like taking part in creating fictions about my life . That 's sort of not what I had in mind when I came out thirty years ago . I have three kids who have five parents , more or less , and I do n't see why they should n't have five parents legally… I met my new partner , and they had just had a baby , and that baby 's biological father is my brother , and my daughter 's biological father is a man who lives in Russia , and my adopted son also considers them their father . So the five parents break down into two groups of three… And really , I would like to live in a legal system that is capable of reflecting that reality , and I do n't think that 's compatible with the institution of marriage. ” ( Source : http : //www.abc.net.au/radionational/programs/lifematters/why-get-married/4058506 )
For quite some time , the defenders of natural marriage have attempted to point out that the true agenda behind the homosexual demands organizations is not marriage equality ; it is the total unraveling of marriage and uprooting traditional values from society . ( This will ultimately include efforts to silence and punish some churches that openly adhere to their religious teachings about marriage and sexual morality . )
While few have been as vocal as this lesbian activist was in this interview , we do have numerical examples proving their point . When given the opportunity to marry , after laws have been struck down relatively small percentages of homosexuals actually bother to marry compared to their heterosexual counterparts . This raises question about the true need to unravel marriage for the “ fair ” extension its benefits . Only 12 percent of homosexuals in the Netherlands marry compared to 86 percent of their heterosexual peers . Less than 20 percent of same-sex couples already living together in California married when given the chance in 2008 . In contrast , 91 percent of heterosexual couples in California who are living together are married .
Clearly this is about cultural change and tearing down the traditional family ethic , since it seems that most homosexuals living together neither need nor desire to marry , though they do desire to radically change marriage .
Gays and lesbians are free to live as they choose , and we live in a society which roundly applauds them doing so like never before in our history , but they do not have the right to rewrite marriage for all society .
Hours after unsubstantiated allegations surfaced about the Trump campaign 's ties to Russia , key Republicans on Capitol Hill seem more concerned with how the information wound up in the news media than with the allegations that Trump associates colluded with Moscow .
Some of Trump 's top allies on Capitol Hill are calling for an investigation into the leaks , raising the prospect of criminal prosecutions .
Story Continued Below
A House GOP source familiar with the matter said House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes ( R-Calif. ) has asked intelligence agency officials to look `` into the whole series of alleged leaks of classified information around the administration 's Russia report and to determine if any warrant referral to the Justice Department . ”
Meanwhile , Senate Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr ( R-N.C. ) suggested during a hearing Tuesday that their panel was also looking into media leaks as part of its larger probe into Russia 's role in the presidential election .
“ The leaking of highly classified material by individuals within our intelligence agencies causes me great concern , and I certainly believe it 's something we must investigate , ” said Rep. Chris Collins ( R-N.Y. ) , a prominent Trump ally on Capitol Hill .
Some Republicans appear to be taking cues from Trump , who has called for leak investigations and at a news conference Wednesday compared the behavior of U.S. intelligence agencies to Nazi Germany .
“ I think it was disgraceful — disgraceful that the intelligence agencies allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out , ” the president-elect said . “ That 's something that Nazi Germany would have done and did do . ”
In a Wednesday evening statement , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said they spoke to Trump by phone : `` I expressed my profound dismay at the leaks . ''
`` We both agreed that they are extremely corrosive and damaging to our national security , '' their statement read , adding that the leaked document was not a product of the intelligence community and `` I do not believe the leaks came from within the IC . ''
Nunes , during a brief Wednesday interview , complained about leaks and downplayed a bombshell 35-page `` dossier '' — first published by BuzzFeed News on Tuesday night — listing allegations that Russia has gathered damaging information on Trump and colluded with their campaign .
`` We do n't know where they 're coming from , '' Nunes said . `` But clearly the leaks are coming . ''
Rep. Lou Barletta ( R-Pa. ) , one of the first lawmakers to endorse Trump last year , said there “ absolutely ” should be an investigation into the source of the leaks , which they said have been dripping “ nonstop since Donald Trump was elected . ''
`` It 's a big concern if it came from intelligence and the government : It 's a crime , ” Barletta said . `` It 's worrisome that the news media seems to be getting stories possibly from people who 'd be breaking the law , violating the law , by giving them ” this information .
This is not the first time members of Congress have called for investigations into what they view as politically motivated leaks by the Obama administration . Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz. ) has accused the administration in the past of selective leaks about military operations to bolster the president 's national security credentials .
The Obama administration has been more aggressive in prosecuting government leakers than any previous administration , according to PolitiFact , though critics have argued this has applied only to leaks that make the administration look bad .
Should Trump and their supporters act on their threat , the nation could see leak investigations that go beyond even Obama 's .
Several Democrats on Wednesday blasted the Republican focus on leaks , accusing them of changing the subject from embarrassing and potentially compromising acts by Trump — if they were proven true , that is .
“ This seems to be the fixation of the Trump campaign — on the leaks , rather than on the fact of Russian hacking , the interference on their behalf and what it means for the country , ” said Rep. Adam Schiff of California , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee . “ Leaks are always a serious issue , but let 's not let the leak of information obscure the fact that a foreign adversarial power has hacked into our democratic institutions , and in the opinion of our intelligence community they plan to do it again . ”
For Republican defense hawks , the issue is a balancing act .
Several have called for leak investigations , while also trying to make clear they want Russia punished for its election meddling .
One such Republican , Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas , brought up the issue during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on Tuesday , referring to possible classified information that appeared in The Washington Post .
The senator asked FBI Director James Comey , ” Have you received a crimes report from anyone in the intelligence community about these leaks ? ” Cotton then suggested news media leaks should be part of the Senate Intelligence panel 's larger ongoing investigation into Russia 's election meddling .
“ The chair and the vice chair , '' said Burr , the committee chairperson , `` are working on that right now . ''
Martin Matishak and Elana Schor contributed to this report .
Pundits are quick to peg Shadows Fall as the once-big metalcore band that went bust , but man , what the hell happened to Unearth ? Talk about a fall from grace… they were right up there with Killswitch Engage around 2005 but the bottom completely fell out from underneath them . There 's an alternate universe in which Unearth , not All That Remains , are the most popular band to come out of Massachusetts ; it could 've easily happened , people .
So this is what Unearth 's twisted genius guitarist Ken Susi is up to these days : a pop-punk band called USA ! USA ! USA ! This is n't your average bubblegum teenage angst pop-punk ala Blink 182 ; it 's clever old-man popbang crunchy guitar pop ala Sugarcult or Marvelous 3 . Aside from Susi the band is coy about its membership ; various Internet sources list Emmure , Bury Your Dead and Arise & Ruin in the “ ex ” category while the USA ! 3X Facebook page simply lists Frank , Romeo ( Susi ) , Dave , Bang and Pat . Those with intimate knowledge of the asupervisorstioned bands and the energy to do some Google sleuthing — armed with the above photo — can surely figure it out , though .
The good news is that at least the band is good , although most of you will probably instantly hate them . I totally get the appeal of creating music like this , though — it 's fun and easy and feel-good-y — and Susi is a brilliant musician who can crank out stuff like this and smarten it up in ways that non-musicians can not comprehend ( I do n't mean that as a put-down towards those of you who do n't play instruments… it 's just a fact ) . Unearth were never like uber-serious cvlt dudes , but sometimes it 's fun to go full bore in the fun direction , and a dude with Susi 's abilities can nail it .
Watch the band 's new video for “ Marissa ” below ; Every Time I Dieguitarist Andy Williams makes a guest appearance . You can stream and buy their entire album What 's Your Name ? at Bandcamp ; every song is named after a lady .
[ via The PRP ]
Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday that they have not spoken with the family of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry , who was killed in December by a group of assailants using at least two weapons tied to `` Operation Fast and Furious , '' but they `` certainly regrets '' what happened .
Not offering an outright apology when prompted by a Republican senator to offer one , Holder , who was appearing Tuesday before Congress for the first time since their controversial testimony in May over the gun-running program , said they `` can only imagine '' the Terry family 's pain . But , they said , it 's `` not fair to assume '' that mistakes made during the botched operation `` directly led '' to Terry 's death .
Holder was on the hot seat at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing in which they insisted that testimony they gave at their last appearance was accurate , but acknowledged that initial statements by the Justice Department after the issue became public were not .
In February , the Justice Department sent a letter to lawmakers saying every effort is made to `` interdict weapons that have been purchased illegally and prevent their transportation to Mexico . ''
But details of `` Fast and Furious '' and similar investigations under the Bush administration have since come to light that reveal otherwise . Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , the ranking member on the panel , said `` mounting evidence '' in the months since the letter has `` put the lie '' to Justice Department claims .
The information in the letter was `` inaccurate , '' Holder said , adding , `` I regret that . ''
Holder said the Justice Department in Washington was `` relying '' on information provided by `` people we thought in the best position to know , '' namely officials with the U.S. Attorney 's Office and Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives in Arizona .
Tuesday 's hearing was intended to be a more general `` oversight '' hearing , but Holder was pummeled with questions over tactics used by ATF investigators in Arizona to target major gunrunners and their department 's role in the matter .
Launched in late 2009 , `` Fast and Furious '' planned to follow gun purchasers in hopes that suspects would lead them to the heads of Mexican cartels . But high-powered weapons tied to the investigation ended up at crime scenes in Mexico and the United States , including Terry 's murder .
`` Any instance of so-called 'gun walking ' is unacceptable , '' Holder said in their opening remarks . They added that `` Fast and Furious '' was `` flawed '' and `` should never have happened . ''
`` Unfortunately , we will feel its effects for years to come as guns that were lost during this operation continue to show up at crimes scenes both here and in Mexico , '' they said . `` It must never happen again . ''
Thirty-four House members and the National Rifle Association have called for Holder to resign .
Last month , Grassley distributed five memos addressed to Holder in July and August 2010 , citing the gunrunning investigation by name . Nearly a year after those heavily redacted memos were sent , the attorney general in May told lawmakers under oath they `` probably heard about 'Fast and Furious ' for the first time over the last few weeks . ''
In their opening remarks , Grassley noted that in January -- the month after Terry was killed -- they handed Holder two letters mentioning `` numerous allegations '' from whistleblowers `` that the ATF sanctioned the sale of hundreds of assault weapons to suspected straw purchasers '' and `` two of the weapons were then allegedly used in a firefight … killing CBP Agent Brian Terry . ''
The letters , addressed to then-ATF head Ken Melson , did not cite Fast and Furious by name .
While Holder asked for a retreat from `` headline-grabbing Washington 'gotcha ' games and cynical political point scoring , '' they said they did not mislead Congress in May over when they first heard of `` Fast and Furious . ''
Holder said they first learned about tactics and the phrase `` Operation Fast and Furious '' beginning this year when it became a matter of public controversy .
`` In my testimony I did say a few weeks , I probably could have said a couple of months , '' Holder said . `` The focus of which day on which month is a bit of distraction ( and ) does nothing to address what concerns us most '' -- the flow of guns , Holder said .
Later at the same hearing , in response to a follow-up question , Holder said they were probably aware of the operation at least six weeks earlier , by the time President Obama talked about it with a Spanish-language media outlet in late March .
Still , after the release of the memos last month , Republicans said Holder had `` failed to give Congress and the American people an honest account of what they and others knew about gun-walking and 'Operation Fast and Furious . ' ''
Responding to such criticism from Republicans , Holder said Tuesday they do n't believe their May testimony was inaccurate `` based on what happened . ''
They noted receiving Grassley 's letters in January and said they asked their staff to look into the matter before hearing more about it in the press . In late February , Holder asked the Justice Department 's Inspector General to investigate `` Fast and Furious , '' and in March they directed the department to issue guidance that all prosecutors refrain from `` flawed tactics '' like those of `` Fast and Furious , '' Holder said .
`` Clearly by the time I testified in May , I had known about 'Fast and Furious ' for several weeks , ( even ) a couple of months , '' Holder said .
During their testimony Tuesday , Holder said Congress is not doing enough to support the agency responsible for the botched operation .
`` The mistakes of 'Operation Fast and Furious , ' serious though they were , should not deter or distract us from our critical mission to disrupt the dangerous flow of firearms along our Southwest border , '' Holder told the Senate Judiciary Committee .
Agents from ATF have told Congress their agency `` suffers from a lack of effective enforcement tools , '' and a `` critical first step should be for congressional leaders to work with us to provide ATF with the resources and statutory tools it needs to be effective , '' Holder said .
`` Unfortunately , earlier this year the House of Representatives actually voted to keep law enforcement in the dark when individuals purchase multiple semi-automatic rifles and shotguns in Southwest border gun shops , '' Holder added .
Over the summer , the House passed an amendment blocking federal funds from being used by the ATF to require thousands of gun stores in California , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas to report multiple sales of certain weapons .
In their opening remarks , the ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , said some `` seek to use '' the tragedy of Terry 's death `` to call for new gun control . ''
`` The bottom line is that it does n't matter how many laws we pass if those responsible for enforcing them refuse to do their duty -- as was the case in 'Fast and Furious , ' '' Grassley said , according to prepared remarks released by their office . `` While trafficking in firearms is a real problem in Mexico , blaming our Second Amendment freedoms in the U.S. is n't accurate and wo n't fix anything . ''
On Monday , Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Pat Leahy , D-Vt. , sent a letter Monday to the Justice Department 's inspector general , wanting to know if the inspector general 's office would be looking at Bush-era operations as part of its inquiry into `` Fast and Furious . ''
Recently disclosed documents show the ATF in Arizona lost track of hundreds of guns between 2006 and 2007 during investigations that involved so-called `` gun-walking . ''
Last week , the head of the Justice Department 's Criminal Division , Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer , issued a statement saying they learned of one of those investigations , `` Operation Wide Receiver , '' in April 2010 , and they now regret not saying anything to Holder or others within the department at the time .
On Tuesday , Grassley said it 's `` bad enough that the head of the Criminal Division admits '' the department 's earlier claims it always tries to interdict weapons `` was false . ''
`` It gets worse , though , '' Grassley said . `` ( Breuer ) remained silent for nine months as the public controversy over gunwalking grew . They were aware that Congress had been misled and yet made no effort to correct the department 's official denial .
In addition to the inspector general 's investigation into `` Fast and Furious '' and a congressional probe into the matter , the chairperson of the House Judiciary Committee , Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , is calling for a special counsel to investigate . Holder will be appearing before Smith 's committee in December for a hearing focused specifically on `` Fast and Furious . ''
Seven journalists and media workers killed , four media centers targeted by Israel in Gaza http : //t.co/DRPG7nTCIN pic.twitter.com/YFcj9COlwt — Electronic Intifada ( @ intifada ) July 31 , 2014
Carnage at U.N. school as Israel pounds Gaza Strip Israeli shelling killed at least 15 Palestinians sheltering in a U.N.-run school and another 17 near a street market on Wednesday , Gaza 's Health Ministry said , with no ceasefire in sight after more than three weeks of fighting . Israel 's security cabinet decided to continue its offensive in the enclave and there was no sign of a halt to a 23-day conflict in which 1,346 Palestinians , mostly civilians , have died . On the Israeli side , 56 soldiers and three civilians have been killed . …
That Reuters figure for Palestinian casualties has since been updated at Aljazeera to 1,361 , with 6,780 injured . Among the dead are 315 children . I 've added the ten Palestinians killed in the West Bank Gaza-solidarity protests .
The latest post at the Aljazeera live blog will leave you speechless :
BREAKING UPDATE : Al Jazeera 's @ PattyCulhane reports the # Pentagon confirms delivery of two types of munitions to # Israel in the last week : 120mm mortar rounds and 40mm grenades , while calling for a ceasefire in # Gaza
A must-read corrective to Israeli and U.S. mainstream propaganda is From Gaza : I Would Rather Die in Dignity Than Agree to Living in an Open-Air Prison ( July 28 ) . Mohammed Suliman , Palestinian human rights worker in Gaza , opens by contrasting a bustling , lively but impoverished Gaza to what it 's like now , and closes with an eloquent explanation of ‘ why we fight ' :
… A ceasefire might be negotiated and agreed upon . Hamas might soon stop firing rockets , but then will Israel cease to exercise its violence against Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank on a daily basis ? The reality is that if Palestinians stop resisting , Israel wo n't stop occupying , as its leaders repeatedly affirm . The besieged Jews of the Warsaw ghetto had a motto “ to live and die in dignity. ” As I sit in my own besieged ghetto , I think how Palestinians have honored this universal value . We live in dignity and we die in dignity , refusing to accept subjugation . We 're tired of war . I , for one , have had enough of bloodshed , death and destruction . But I also can no longer tolerate the return to a deeply unjust status quo . I can no longer agree to live in this open-air prison . We can no longer tolerate to be treated as sub-humans , deprived of our most basic human rights . We are trapped here , trapped between two deaths : death by Israeli bombs and missiles , and death by Israel 's blockade of Gaza . We want to be able to get in and out of Gaza freely , whenever we choose . Why should our students not be granted their right to study at universities of their own choice ? Why should our patients be left for their own death as Israel deprives them of receiving medical treatment in hospitals outside of Gaza ? Our fishermen want to fish in our sea waters without the prospect of being shot at and killed . We deserve the right to access clean water , electricity and our most basic needs . And yet we ca n't because Israel occupies . It occupies not only our land but our bodies and our destinies . No people can tolerate this injustice . We , too , are humans .
I apologize , by the way , for not updating sooner ( huge computer problems ) . Below is something from yesterday ( another reminder of the huge “ do n't you wish U.S. artists had cojones ” file ) , a statement by a hundred Spanish artists — the media has focused on Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz — protesting the carnage and genocide :
Life Wisdom From A Cat ?
by Leslie Criss
In years gone by , my brother the veterinarian would promise a book , “ Everything I Needed to Know , I Learned From My Dog. ” When I asked them why a dog instead of cat , they said , “ You really do n't want to learn from your cat ! ” ( Ironically , their first published book is called “ How Mayfield Found their Meow . ”
And so , Gattino Calzini Campione Stockstill , a Tennessee rescue , came to be with us last year by way of my brother . Roughly translated , their name means “ The Cat Stockstill also known as Sox and Champion. ” Champ fills our days with wonder and wisdom .
With proper credit to Champ , then , here are a few things you should be learning from your cat .
• “ Just because something is very small does not mean it 's not very important . ”
• The smaller you are , the easier it is to feel at home in any space .
• Cute will get you very far in this world , until you start randomly biting someone .
• Snuggles almost always help .
• When you take some rest , do it like you really mean it .
• “ Put down that stupid phone and spend some time with me . ”
• If you open your eyes , there is no telling what you might see .
• “ Keep climbing . The one on the top of the mountain did n't fall there . ”
But , you may wonder , is it right to apply animal wisdom to the vagaries , intensities and pains of human life ? Can a cat or dog understand ?
Well , here 's food for thought . Dogs sniff out cancer or depression and respond immediately with comfort . Pets work magic with the lonely that no preacher or intercessor ever could . And light years separate the limitations of human thought from the sum total of reality .
Besides , Champ just seems to know when one of us needs a hug .
As the Philadelphia 76ers trend towards competitiveness , Jonathan Isaac could give their rotation an entirely new wrinkle .
Frontcourt depth is n't something the Philadelphia 76ers need . With Ben Simmons set to return to the rotation next season and Dario Saric already proving their worth as a versatile offensive four , the Sixers are as set at the four spot as they are at the five spot . And , while many signs — and team needs — point towards them targeting a guard in this year 's draft , ping pong balls could place them into a situation where that 's no longer the ideal .
Whether it 's by virtue of two lottery picks or a later draw than expected , Jonathan Isaac 's versatility is something the Sixers should be thoroughly interested in come June .
First and foremost , this has to coincide with a cease in labeling Isaac a small forward . At 6-11 , Isaac has the physical tools to defend the four spot , as well as the versatility needed to exploit the resulting mismatches offensively . Even with Saric and , at times , Simmons projected to carry a heavy workload in the frontcourt , Isaac 's ability to impact the game in a variety of ways on both ends of the floor is enough to warrant a gamble on draft night .
That also , in part , debunks the “ he does n't fit ” argument . Even in a rotation laden with young talent at Isaac 's ( assumed ) position , fit remains a temporary issue . We saw it first hand with the Sixers this season . After the Nerlens Noel trade , Philadelphia struggled to maintain their depth in the frontcourt . Injuries sidelined Embiid and Jahlil Okafor , while the only viable replacements were found in the form of D-League rookies who had previously gone undrafted .
Free agency , trades and injuries can be a vicious cycle , and they more often than not have an impact on a team 's future outlook — which is consistently in flux . Even if Isaac is strapped for minutes early on , that does n't necessarily mean he 'll be relegated to a marginalized role in year three .
That also feeds into the Best Player Available narrative on draft night , as strategy that , even for a team looking to take the next step like Philadelphia , is the safest route to take . Isaac 's role is something Brett Brown and company would have the figure out on the fly . It also differs entirely from their frontcourt logjam , as Isaac — in stark contrast to Okafor — can play defense , switch between positions , space the floor and is projected as more of a long term project than a day one contributor .
While the later part of that may be a turnoff to some , Isaac does have the basic tools needed to carry a legitimate role in some capacity early on — and it 's one that could provide an entirely new dynamic for a Sixers offense that seems primed for massive improvements next season .
Commissioner of Official Languages Katherine d'Entremont stood their ground on Friday in response to political challenges about their handling of an investigation into the provision of security services in government buildings .
D'Entremont said they do n't normally respond publicly in such cases , but was doing so `` in order to protect the integrity of our office and the Official Languages Act . ''
The controversy started in May , when d'Entremont approached the front desk at Chancery Place , the main government office building in Fredericton , and was unable to communicate in French with the commissionaire on duty .
The official languages commissioner subsequently wrote to the Department of Transportation and Infrastructure to ask what its policies were on bilingual service .
The commissionaire involved then saw their hours reduced , although d'Entremont made no requests or recommendations about their job status and addressed that in their news conference .
`` I do not have the authority to intervene in the management of public servants or employees who provide service on behalf of government , '' they said .
`` The measures concerning the security officer discussed in the media were not suggested or imposed by me . ''
D'Entremont again pointed out the Official Languages Act gives them the right to initiate their own investigations .
`` How can I ensure respect for the rights of anglophones and francophones if I must remain silent when I am witness to a situation where the act not respected , '' they said .
D'Entremont has been criticized because in their notice of investigation to the Department of Transportation and Infrastructure , they referred to 'the complainant ' without stating that they were the one who initiated the investigation .
`` Some people have suggested that the notice should have specified that the investigation was launched by me , '' said d'Entremont .
`` I take note of these comments , however , I wish to point out that it changes absolutely nothing in the way in which an investigation is conducted . ''
They told reporters that they did not specify in the letter that it was their initiative because they did not want department staff to give the complaint more importance .
The commissioner 's office did initiate an investigation in 2014-15 , but it was not done so by d'Entremont herself , they said .
The official languages commissioner said they were at Chancery Place to meet a government official when they had their encounter with commissionaire Wayne Grant . They did n't set out to make a deliberate check of the provision of security services in both official languages .
The commissionaire involved , Wayne Grant , spoke publicly about the case for the first time this week , resulting in some political backlash aimed at the d'Entremont .
Alliance renews call for ouster
The People 's Alliance was the first to release documents showing d'Entremont was likely the person behind the complaint .
Commissionare Wayne Grant says their hours were cut back after the province received a language complaint . ( CBC ) People 's Alliance Leader Kris Austin said on Friday that the language watchdog did not go far enough in explaining their actions at their news conference .
`` It is apparent that Ms. d'Etremont refuses to do the right thing and step down , therefore we will continue to push the government and Opposition to take action to remove them from their position as commissioner , '' Austin said in a statement .
`` New Brunswickers are upset because they expect better . We will continue to fight to have Wayne Grant 's hours returned , as well as press for a review of the Official Languages Act itself so this never happens again . ''
The official languages commissioner is an independent officer of the legislature and can only be removed from the position through a two-thirds vote of the 49 MLAs .
D'Entremont said they have given no thought to leaving their job and said they understood , when they accepted the position , that it was `` not easy . ''
NDP Leader Dominic Cardy issued a statement saying they felt the commissioner did not adequately address concerns that they were investigating their own complaint .
`` You ca n't be your own judge and jury , '' Cardy said in a statement .
`` Ms. d'Entremont should have someone else in their office , or a qualified person from another office , undertake the investigation into the complaint they filed . ''
Jeanne d'Arc Gaudet , the president of the Acadian Society of New Brunswick , said d'Entremont was just following their act when they filed the complaint with the provincial government . ( CBC ) The commissioner 's news conference did receive some support from the province 's largest Acadian organization .
Jeanne d'Arc Gaudet , the president of the Acadian Society of New Brunswick , said they believe d'Entremont 's statement should clear up confusion among politicians about their role .
`` It is obvious that the people do n't understand [ the act ] and they had the right and they did what they had to do , '' d'Arc Gaudet said .
`` I think it is very important that all people and all members of government , elected government officials , knows this also . They are doing their job . ''
Gallant , Arseneault comments 'sad '
Earlier this week , Premier Brian Gallant stated they believe d'Entremont 's office has `` enough issues , enough things to work on , '' without initiating its own investigations .
`` She should also be promoting why official languages are good for the province , '' said Gallant .
`` Instead of looking for issues from across the province , why not promote the positive ? ''
D'Entremont pointed out Friday that their office published the first study on the economic benefits of bilingualism in New Brunswick .
Donald Arseneault , the government 's minister responsible for official languages , also indicated they had a problem with d'Entremont 's approach .
`` I 'm not going to hide from the fact that if I was the commissioner , we would n't be dealing with this issue today , '' they said .
The Acadian Society 's d'Arc Gaudet called Gallant 's and Arseneault 's comments on the commissioner 's complaint `` sad . ''
`` I think the way they reacted , it is obvious , they do n't understand the mandate , '' they said .
It 's Crowded at the Top ( Ep . 125 ) : Full Transcript
This is a transcript of the Freakonomics Radio podcast “ Crowded at the Top . ”
Kai RYSSDAL : Time now for a little Freakonomics Radio . It 's that moment every couple of weeks we talk to Stephen Dubner , the co-author of the books and the blog of the same name . It is “ the hidden side of everything. ” Dubner , how are you manning ?
Stephen J. DUBNER : Hey Kai . I 'm great . I bet you ca n't wait to see the new unemployment numbers on Friday . That 's kinda like catnip for you , huh ?
RYSSDAL : It makes my day , pal ! Come on . I live for that stuff .
DUBNER : Let me say this : whatever the numbers say on Friday , the general picture is pretty clear , which is that unemployment remains relatively high . Everyone has a pet theory , but I 'm here to tell you today about a trio of economists who have a new research paper out with a pretty interesting angle to explain the unemployment .
RYSSDAL : Three economists , three times as much fun , Dubner . What do you get ?
DUBNER : Let 's start with something we know to be true – that , on average , the more education you get , the better you do in the labor market . There 's no question about that , right ?
RYSSDAL : Yeah . It 's “ ROE , ” baby — it 's “ Return On Education , ” much like Return On Investment .
DUBNER : Exactly right . And that 's thought to be especially true for “ knowledge workers , ” people who primarily use their brains for their job — managers and tech jobs , things like that . But one author of this new paper , Paul Beaudry , looked at 30 years worth of hiring data and they found that demand for knowledge workers actually stopped growing quite a while ago .
Paul BEAUDRY “ Then you start noticing that it has plateaued in 2000 — even though more and more people are getting educated . It should have kept on going . ”
RYSSDAL : So Dubner , you know 2000 was like 13 years ago , right ? That 's before the recession . The whole deal . What happened ?
DUBNER : Well , what happened is the tech boom . In the 1990 's , the tech boom led to much higher demand for knowledge workers . So more and more people started getting the appropriate college degrees . But in 2000 , remember , we had the tech bust . Which meant that demand for knowledge jobs fell , and fast . Beaudry and their colleagues call it “ The Great Reversal . ”
RYSSDAL : So wait — let me try this one more time . 2000 was 13 years ago , man . Make this make sense in the unemployment situation today .
DUBNER : Here 's the thing : all those highly-educated workers who educated themselves up from what was supposed to be the everlasting tech boom , they did n't get the jobs that they thought . But those workers do n't go away , and then there are new graduates in the pipeline every year . But there still are n't nearly enough high-end jobs to suit them . So what happens ? Here 's Paul Beaudry again :
BEAUDRY : “ If these educated people are n't getting their jobs in that sector , they must be pushing down . That 's when we started noticing all this cascading . I would n't want to exaggerate . It 's not like everyone is getting a barista job . But that 's exactly the feeling . It 's kind of like this pushing down . ”
DUBNER : So that 's a pretty word – “ cascading ” – to describe a pretty ugly effect : too many highly-educated workers are n't able to find the jobs they 're expecting . As a result , they get shoved down the labor ladder a couple rungs . Here 's a fellow named Clayton Thomas . He 's a software consultant in Salt Lake City . When they graduated from Duke a few years back — they studied life sciences — they were expecting to have no trouble finding a good research job .
Clayton THOMAS “ I went to job fairs where I would discuss openings with companies and I found that I was competing with people who had masters degree , even PhD 's for basically entry level positions , which was pretty scary . ”
RYSSDAL : All right , so Dubner , what 's that saying ? I heard it in the service a lot . “ Stuff , ” shall we say , “ rolls downhill. ” What happens to the people on the bottom rungs of those ladders ?
DUBNER : Exactly right . As the top pushes the middle , the middle pushes the bottom . The crowding at the top pushes everybody down . But let me stay on the top for a minute . As much as we hear about needing to educate more STEM workers – “ STEM ” stands for science , technology , engineering , and math – there 's another new research paper out which argues that there is , in fact , no shortage of STEM workers and that only half of U.S . STEM graduates end up with a STEM job already .
RYSSDAL : This is the most depressed you have ever made me , my friend . There must be some silver lining here . You got ta hit me with that .
DUBNER : Let me try : if you go back several decades , you 'll find that a huge share of the college-educated women in the U.S. labor force worked as schoolteachers . Right ? So even though it did n't pay that well , a lot of the best and brightest women in the country were teachers , because they did n't have as many opportunities as they do now . When the feminist revolution opened up those opportunities , it was great news for women , who became doctors and lawyers and radio show hosts , on and on . But bad news for the classrooms . So , see what you think of this idea .
RYSSDAL : Is this the “ hidden side ? ” Is that where we 're going ?
DUBNER : This is so hidden . This “ cascading ” that we 're seeing now , with the top pushing down — what it means is that it might be good news for a field like education , because more and more highly-educated people — women and men — could end up working as , say , teachers , or elsewhere in education . So this year for instance , Teach for America , which recruits from elite college campuses , had the most applications in its 20-year history . It accepted only 17 percent of the applicants – which means that on some campuses , it 's almost as hard to get into Teach for America as it was to get into the college itself . So , if selectivity is any measure , that means that the corps of potential teachers , at least , is drawn from a very , very talented pool .
RYSSDAL : All right . I think we can say silver lining found there . Stephen Dubner . Freakonomics dot-com is the web site . He 's back in a couple of weeks . See ya , man .
This is a transcript of the Freakonomics Radio podcast “ Crowded at the Top . ”
Ten years ago last week , President George W. Bush unveiled the Vision for Space Exploration at NASA Headquarters . While that policy may be defunct , one of its long-term goals remains in place . ( credit : White House ) A blurred vision , but a persistent goal
CORRECTION-CITY NAME Enrique Silva , a `` water police officer '' with the Water Conversation Response Unit in Los Angeles , returns to their vehicle after inspecting a neighborhood in Studio City , California on August 19 , 2014 , looking for homes or businesses wasting water during California 's drought . Silva , a Los Angeles native , patrols neighborhoods in one of four city-owned vehicles recently re-decorated to draw attention to water issues facing the State . Silva shares duties with three others to police an area some 460 square miles , responding to calls or emails from people reporting on neighbors watering their lawns or spraying down sidewalks . According to the US Drought Monitor report , nearly 82 % of California continues to suffer `` extreme '' drought , and within that area , more than half the state is under the driest `` exceptional '' drought category . AFP PHOTO/Frederic J . BROWN ( Photo credit : FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP/Getty Images )
— State water officials Tuesday voted in favor of new changes for water usage as California heads into a fourth drought year .
Under the new restrictions approved by the State Water Resources Control Board , patrons of Southland restaurants and eateries across the state will soon have to request a glass of water , while hotel guests will be able to re-use linens and towels instead of having them washed daily .
Board members also moved to mandate restrictions on watering yards and landscapes , although most local water agencies already have such restrictions in place .
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power ( DWP ) customers are already restricted to irrigating their yards up to three days a week .
Felicia Marcus , chair of the California State Water Resources Control Board , told KNX 1070 's Margaret Carrero the board has used feedback from the general public to formulate the new proposals before the original restrictions expire in April .
“ We 're adding some things in like hospitality regulations that restaurants ca n't give you water unless you ask , that hotels and motels need to give you the option to not have your sheets and towels washed every day , ” said Marcus .
Under the new rules , watering lawns would be capped at twice a week for those districts who do not yet have limits in place , according to Marcus .
The new rules would expand the twice-weekly watering cap to some districts that do n't have it .
Last summer , the board already barred Californians from washing down driveways or cleaning cars with hoses that do not have shut-off nozzles . These restrictions are backed up with the threat of $ 500 fines , which few agencies have imposed .
The regulations also call for local water departments to report how they are enforcing rules , but Marcus conceded the agency is still trying to find the best way forward to make sure the measures are being taken .
“ Enforcement does n't mean just fines…the key issue is not a fine , the key issue is that the agency is out there in relationship and communicating with consumers , giving them the information they know , ” they said .
The state 's reservoirs are going dry as winter ends without significant storms .
The vote comes as the the Metropolitan Water District announced plans to indefinitely suspend private boat launches at the region 's largest reservoir because of low lake levels .
Starting in mid-April , water levels at Diamond Valley Lake near Hemet in southwest Riverside County are projected to reach the end of the boat ramp at the reservoir 's East Marina by mid-April , according to Metropolitan General Manager Jeffrey Kightlinger .
“ This action speaks volumes about the seriousness of the water-supply situation Southern California faces now and next year . That 's why continued conservation is so essential , ” said Kightlinger .
The lake will remain open to fishing from shoreline , rental boats , officials said .
( TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Local Media , a division of CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
During the Senate Judiciary Committee 's August 1 mark-up of the shield law bill aimed at protecting journalists ' sources , Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-CA ) reportedly objected to the definition of journalist provided in the bill as introduced , seeking to restrict the definition 's scope to apply only to “ real reporters. ” To achieve their misguided goal , Sen. Feinstein has put forward an amendment to S. 987 that would greatly exacerbate the problems with the definition of who 's a journalist that existed in the bill as introduced .
Them amendment , to be submitted for Sen. Dick Durbin ( D-Il . ) as well , not only retains the problematic requirement that a person “ regularly ” engage in journalism to enjoy shield law protections , but moreover adds new requirements that would make it especially difficult for self-publishers such as independent bloggers and citizen journalists to be protected under the law . Indeed , their new requirements for being either salaried or at least affiliated with a news “ entity ” seem to purposefully target these self-publishers .
These problems are rooted in the vagueness of many key terms in their definition of journalist . Indeed , most essential terms are not defined . While vagueness provides an interpretative battleground , self-publishing bloggers and citizen journalists are disadvantaged in this fight .
Three Roads to “ Journalist ” that All Go Nowhere
Feinstein 's amendment effectively advances a traditional vision of journalism through the three definitions of journalist that it provides , each of which requires that a person be affiliated with a journalistic “ entity ” or institution ( including news websites and other digital news services , and other periodicals distributed digitally ) .
Specifically , the amendment requires that a journalist meet one of the following definitions :
working as a “ salaried employee , independent contractor , or agent of an entity that disseminates news or information ; ” either ( a ) meeting the prior definition “ for any continuous three-month period within the two years prior to the relevant date ” or ( b ) having “ substantially contributed , as an author , editor , photographer , or producer , to a significant number of articles , stories , programs , or publications by an entity . . . within two years prior to the relevant date ; ” or working as a student journalist “ participating in a journalistic publication at an institution of higher education. ” ( emphases added )
There are problems with each of these three definitions . First , as we pointed out in our critique of the House 's bill , requiring that an individual is “ salaried ” is problematic because many people do journalism but do not do it as their primary source of income . Further , it is entirely unclear who or what an “ agent ” or “ entity ” is .
Second , for an individual to fall under the second , seemingly looser criteria , that individual must have distributed the news “ by means of an entity. ” ( emphasis added ) While this definition may cover freelancers , it is again unclear what it means to have “ substantially contributed ” to a “ significant ” amount of work of an “ entity. ” Indeed , for both the first and second definitions , essential terms are not defined—vagueness that , as we 'll see later , ultimately hurts independent bloggers and citizen journalists .
While the amendment 's inclusion of student journalists is laudable , it does nothing for those students who do not work for a “ journalistic publication ” at their college or university—or for those students the moment they graduate .
Still Requiring that Journalists “ Regularly ” Engage in Journalism
Additionally , Sen. Feinstein 's amendment retains the original Senate shield bill 's problematic requirement that individuals “ regularly ” do journalism to count as a journalist . Specifically , the amendment requires either :
that individuals “ engage [ ] in . . . the regular gathering , preparation , collection , photographing , recording , writing , editing , reporting or publishing on ” matters of public interest ; or that individuals “ regularly conducted interviews , reviewed documents , captured images of events , or directly observed events. ” ( emphases added )
As in the original Senate bill , the amendment fails to define what “ regularly ” means , vagueness that cuts against non-institutional journalists .
Vague Language Is Bad for Independent Bloggers , Citizen Journalists
Sen. Feinstein 's amendment is riddled with vague language , failing to define key terms including “ agent , ” entity , ” “ substantially contributed , ” and “ regularly ” —on which the definition of who 's a journalist turns . Non-traditional journalists are at a disadvantage when the interpretative waters are muddy . Why ? Because such vagueness invites interpretations that exclude those who are on the margins of status quo journalism , and who are often in a more vulnerable position and unable to hire legal counsel to sort through the law 's ambiguities . As a result , independent bloggers and citizen journalists would likely be interpreted out of Feinstein 's definition of journalist .
The very fact that developing a crisp , clear definition of journalist is difficult should signal to Congress that it might not be equipped to wade into the uncharted waters of deciding who is a journalist . But it 's a problem that Congress can easily avoid by linking shield law protections to the act of journalism , not the definition of who is journalist .
Canada 's first vote on transit finance since 1946 was supposed to be a referendum about subways , light rail , buses , bridges and roads .
Instead , the Lower Mainland 's precedent-setting vote on a `` congestion improvement tax '' has turned into a flame war about wasteful spending on public art , about a smart-card system that has been in the works for two years and still is n't operational , about closed-door board meetings and about fat paycheques for both executives and board members .
That means many people are going to vote , with ballots due to arrive on Monday for a mail-in plebiscite that will run until May 29 , not on whether they support transit or a sales tax , but on what they think of the region 's unique transportation agency , TransLink .
Story continues below advertisement
The level of public vitriol evident in letters , town-hall talks , social-media channels and call-in shows has been startling for some .
`` Did it surprise me ? Yeah , it has for sure , '' says Greg Moore , the Port Coquitlam mayor who has been the Yes side 's most forceful political voice .
If there is a majority No vote , which every poll seems to indicate , the distrust of TransLink will be blamed .
The Yes side has done many things right , going by the many American studies done on what it takes to win a transit referendum . It has a broad coalition , from business to environmental groups to students to unions . It has money to do an advertising campaign . It has a package of transit and road improvements that give something to every part of the region , agreed on by 21 mayors .
But the Yes side has one potentially fatal weakness .
`` All that organization and support can be thrown off kilter if there are negative perspectives about the agency , '' says Peter Haas , a professor with the Mineta Transportation Institute in San Jose , Calif. , who has co-written a book about what makes transit referendums pass or fail . Referendums in San Jose , St. Louis and Cleveland all failed in the past decade because of questions that got raised about the transit agencies ' decisions or spending .
The controversies do n't even have to be that big or meaningful , they said . In Cleveland , a relatively small and poorly organized opposition got the public riled up that buses frequently ran empty at night . `` That 's not that unusual for a transit system , '' Dr. Haas said , `` but it was turned into a negative perception that was not warranted . ''
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Back here in Vancouver , the mayors ' council knew Jordan Bateman of the Canadian Taxpayers Federation had been targeting TransLink for several years and they would likely be the energetic , but not well funded , opposition that would play to the anti-tax crowd .
But no one seemed to connect the dots about how Mr. Bateman , operating mainly through free media attention and the Internet , would be able to tap into some deep reservations about TransLink .
The agency , by some measures , was doing all right . Its users rated the basic transit service highly . It covers a huge area and is frequently judged as the best and most used for a city its size .
But the agency 's own public-opinion surveys since 2010 have showed that it was not doing well and that a significant core of people , 29 per cent in the 2014 survey , had a `` negative impression of mismanagement . '' Twenty per cent also said they did n't like TransLink taxes and thought the organization was wasteful . That was mainly connected to controversies over executive pay , executive car allowances and the smart-card system that has been endlessly delayed , not to system-wide problems .
A poll done for the mayors ' council last fall asked people only whether they would be willing to pay higher taxes or fees and how bad they thought the congestion problem was . It looked like a majority agreed that it was worth paying more to get more . No one asked whether they were willing to give that money to TransLink .
Only five years ago , this unique agency set up in 2000 to give the Lower Mainland more control over its transportation , was basking in the warm sunshine of popular approval .
Story continues below advertisement
The Canada Line had just opened , allowing people to get from downtown to the airport for less than $ 5 , and the Olympic Winter Games were about to begin . During the Games , the region 's transit system became a kind of large-scale , non-stop party bus .
TransLink 's public-approval rating was at 75 per cent , a high point .
But there were always signs the agency was going to become a flashpoint , say planners , politicians and brand-management specialists who have watched TransLink over the years .
For one , TransLink started from the baseline that government-run utilities are rarely loved by the public .
Like BC Hydro or BC Ferries , TransLink is the single provider of an essential service whose customer base – and therefore its complaints department – is enormous .
`` From a reputation-management perspective , it 's difficult being a monopoly , '' says James Tansey , the director of UBC 's Centre for Social Innovation and Impact Investing .
Story continues below advertisement
Government-affiliated utilities also bear the brunt of everyone 's frustration with all level of politics .
`` Any time it 's a Crown agency , it 's a referendum on government , '' says Dr. Tansey .
But the agency has other problems .
It was saddled from the start with a contradictory mandate that put it in the position of having to constantly beg the public for more money .
It lost its only public defenders in 2007 , when the province took control from mayors and gave it to an airport-style appointed board .
And its managers developed what recently appointed CEO Doug Allen called a `` bunker mentality . '' That led , many say , to near paralysis when it came to developing any kind of plan to engage the public or even to respond appropriately during a short-term crisis .
Story continues below advertisement
The former CEO of the Greater Vancouver Regional District , Ken Cameron , says things went badly from the start because TransLink was supposed to be an agency that did nothing more than run the existing transit and road system .
`` It was never intended to build projects . ''
But the first two CEOs , Ken Dobell and Pat Jacobsen , wanted to build things . That meant the agency then needed to find new money – beyond the gas tax , property tax and fares – to pay for major new initiatives , such as the Golden Ears Bridge .
Since TransLink 's access to money is controlled by provincial legislation , that meant that every time it needed more dollars to build more stuff , it needed to ask the public . ( The agency 's public-opinion grades have typically dipped when it makes a big push to ask for a new tax or fee , as happened in 2009 before the extra two cents of gas tax was approved . )
But at least in the early days , it had energetic defenders , such as Vancouver councillor George Puil and Surrey mayor Doug McCallum .
Once the mayors were sidelined in 2007 , when then-transportation minister Kevin Falcon decided that having an appointed board would eliminate parochial decision-making , they became more critical .
Story continues below advertisement
Surrey mayor Dianne Watts called for an audit at one point , ticked off by TransLink 's decision to pay people to fill out a survey and It 's choice to pay $ 30,000 for a study of a gondola to Simon Fraser University . Burnaby Mayor Derek Corrigan has been incessantly antagonistic , especially over the province 's decision to make TransLink install fare gates .
In the last year , `` the toughest critic was [ Vancouver Mayor ] Gregor Robertson , '' says District of North Vancouver Mayor Richard Walton . When the SkyTrain broke down last year and people ended up walking along guideways to get back to the stations , Mr. Robertson rushed to say that TransLink 's operations should be reviewed .
Provincial politicians , especially Premier Christy Clark , were never defenders either . That 's even though , say numerous politicians and TransLink employees , the agency 's executives and staff are on the phone to the Transportation Ministry in Victoria several times a week , getting clearance for everything from news releases to new equipment .
Finally , the executive and board hunkered down , making decisions that no normal politician sensitive to public opinion would make and declining to talk much with the public .
`` The shadow lurking behind us is governance , '' says Mr. Walton , who fought hard the past four years as chair of the TransLink mayors ' council to get more control for the mayors .
`` It 's a headless beast and , as a result , it 's never been able to defend itself . For the people who use it every day , it 's important to have a very clear person who is accountable . When something goes wrong , people want to know who to call . ''
They do n't , and the consequences of that are about to unfold .
Oregon running back Kenjon Barner ran for 324 yards and five touchdowns in the Ducks ' shootout win over USC . ( Photo11 : Robert Hanashiro , USA TODAY Sports ) Story Highlights The Ducks racked up 737 yards of offense , the first time USC has ever given up more than 600
USC quarterback Matt Barkley threw for 489 yards , five touchdowns and tossed two interceptions
Oregon running back Kenjon Barber ran for 321 yards and five touchdowns
LOS ANGELES – They walked off the field , shaking their head and marveling , not quite believing what he 'd just witnessed . For the past few years , LaMichael James was the focal point of Oregon 's scoring machine . They sparked plenty of pyrotechnics .
A 62-51 victory over USC , though – this was something else entirely .
`` You know before high school games when they run through the paper ? That 's what it looked like out there , '' James said . `` It 's probably the most impressive offense I 've seen in my life . ''
How good are the Ducks ? Nitpickers will note that Matt Barkley and Marqise Lee and Silas Redd and the Trojans moved the ball , too , and scored points , and never quite let Oregon run away with it . But Oregon is not built like other powers . Oregon is not built like any others .
We 've been waiting all season for a team to test the Ducks for four quarters . We 've been wondering how their young quarterback would handle adversity , and whether that offense was really that potent or just a product of a pillowy soft schedule .
BOX SCORE : Oregon 62 , USC 51
`` They 're better than they were a year ago , '' USC coach Lane Kiffin said , which is true enough .
Oregon had just put up the most points ever scored against USC . Most touchdowns ( nine ) . Most yards ( 730 ) . `` Mind-boggling , '' said Monte Kiffin , Lane 's dad and USC 's defensive coordinator . But it 's possible their son did n't go back far enough . Oregon might be better than two years ago , too , when the Ducks played for the BCS championship .
`` I feel like we 're the best team in the country , every night , '' said Kenjon Barner , who 's one of the reasons . Saturday , the senior running back raced to a school-record 321 yards and five touchdowns – those are also records by a USC opponent – and afterward , shrugged off chatter about the Heisman race and every other big picture question , too .
`` It 's just Oregon football , '' they added . `` We put up points and you 've got to stop us . … It 's just us being us . ''
MAILBAG : Submit your college football questions
Schematically , he 's right . The Ducks look the same as always : They play fast and run faster . After playing behind James for three seasons , Barner has developed into a durable , big-play back . De'Anthony Thomas is a threat every time they touch the ball . But start , as Lane Kiffin did , with the play of quarterback Marcus Mariota , who was 20-of-23 for 304 yards and four touchdowns .
The redshirt first-year student ran for 96 yards , too , and the injection of the extra running threat is probably the biggest reason the Ducks are even more dangerous .
`` We have so many , '' Mariota said , `` who can take it all the way . ''
Which is one reason Oregon could take it all the way , too . But possibly the Ducks ' best attribute was on full display at the Coliseum : relentless unconcern . A showdown becomes a shootout ? Unfazed . They just do n't care . Barkley was at their best . Lee and Redd and Robert Woods and Nelson Agholor kept making plays . For one night , USC put together the kind of offensive performance that had the Trojans near the top of all the preseason polls .
And it did n't seem to matter a whit .
Toss a 75-yard touchdown pass ? Make the next one 76 ? Do n't look down , because OregonismovingdownfieldrealfastsomethinglikethisTOUCHDOWN .
Grind away the first possession of the third quarter to pull within three points ? Return a kick 82 yards to set up another score ? Get the crowd of 93,607 revved up , momentum ready to shift ?
NevermindheregotheDucksagainTOUCHDOWN .
It 's talent , certainly , but also something more .
`` I think it 's a pretty special offense , '' Barner said , `` but it all comes down to attitude . ''
And what comes next , well , it depends . At 9-0 , Oregon looks like a safe bet to finish unbeaten . USC punched holes in the Ducks ' defense , which means they 're potentially susceptible to a red-hot future NFL quarterback throwing to future NFL receivers . There are n't many of those combinations on the remaining schedule , and Saturday showed it might not matter , anyway .
How good is Oregon ? By one measure , the Ducks might be something else .
`` Our definition of greatness , '' said Chip Kelly , `` is to be better than your former self . ''
Oregon 's method is nothing like , say , Alabama 's . But it 's equally effective and usually as devastating , which is why the clash of cultures would be so delicious in the BCS championship .
At least one spectator can not wait . James , now a rookie with the San Francisco 49ers , had the weekend off . They watched the game from the sidelines , wearing a `` STORM LA '' t-shirt , fully expecting victory . And yet , they admitted afterward to being surprised by the full force of the outburst .
`` Oregon can play with anybody out there , '' James said . `` I believe that . ''
The New York-based magazine Metropolis released its 2016 ranking this week , placing above Finnish capital Helsinki in third .
It praised Berlin for its innovative approach to redesigning old , abandoned buildings to give them a purpose fit for the 21st Century .
`` Berlin 's stellar pedigree of arts events such as CTM , transmediale , and the Berlin Biennale is taking on greater significance - and the spaces required to host them are becoming increasingly crucial , '' the magazine writes .
`` If these new developments can cater to and integrate the wide range of newcomers to the German capital , it will resist the stasis and divisions that plague its European counterparts . ''
Metropolis gives particular credit to the Google-funded Factory Berlin , a converted brewery that is home to the offices of tech royalty such as Uber , Twitter and SoundCloud .
A project to redesign the Haus der Statistik , a GDR government building in the city centre , was also noted by the magazine as being a positive step towards preventing the capital 's drift into `` normalcy '' .
Das Haus der Statistik . Photo : DPA
The proposed project would create a 130,000 metre space for artist studios , and living space for refugees in order to make up for the loss of over 600 artist studios in recent years , the magazine reports .
According to the magazine , Berlin is now in a position to take over London 's position as “ the cultural capital of Europe ” as the British capital has to deal with the consequences of the UK 's vote to leave the EU .
In recent years , trendy international magazines have time and again poured praise on the German capital , ranking it high up among the world 's best cities .
In 2015 , Monocle magazine ranked Berlin third behind Tokyo and Vienna for the world 's most liveable cities . Meanwhile a Mercer survey earlier this year put Berlin in the top 25 cities in the world for expats .
Despite the positive publicity and the huge increase in tourism which comes off the back of it , Berlin still continues to struggle with a multitude of social problems .
It has one of the highest unemployment rates in Germany , one of the highest levels of public debt , and the country 's worst-rated education system .
Children 's books should be soft and fluffy things , perhaps with moments of discomfort or fear – lessons must be learned , after all – but always resolved with a happy ending . And entirely asexual . Right ? Well , no , not really . Children 's books should n't always be happy and simply are n't asexual , just as children are n't asexual – which is not to say that children are sexual in the way that adults are , but that sexual orientation and gender identity becomes apparent to many people early in life . Just as a straight child may pretend to marry their dolls to one another , or may have a crush on their big sister 's friends , a queer child may experience crushes , pair up their dolls differently or express their gender in a way that is different from the sex they were assigned at birth .
The best LGBT picture books – in pictures Read more
Covert nods to varying sexual orientations and gender identities have long been disguised in children 's books , but in recent decades , challenges to heteronormativity have been more overt . The now-famous book about two penguin dads , And Tango Makes Three , by Justin Richardson and Peter Parnell , caused quite a stir when it was published : it topped the American Library Association 's list of challenged books in 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , and reappeared again in 2011 . But as far back as 1981 , Jenny Lives With Eric and Martin by Suzanne Bösche was depicting queer family life for small children , establishing a precedent for a long line of books that followed : Daddy 's Roommate by Michael Willhoite , Molly 's Family by Nancy Garden ( of Annie on My Mind fame ) , 10,000 Dresses by Marcus Ewert and Rex Ray , Large Fears by Myles Johnson and Kendrick Daye . The 1990s and 2000s saw a huge leap in queer visibility in books for older children such as George by Alex Gino , and the works of Juno Dawson and David Levithan .
But we should n't ignore the subtexts that have long been present in many children 's books , whether intentionally or not . They may be born from stereotypes , but as academic Jessica Kander writes , queer characters “ can be recognisable to readers through the use of culturally and historically significant markers ” – so , for example , depictions of butch girls and tomboys can be read as queer women . The two famous female Georges – Nancy Drew 's best friend and the intrepid member of The Famous Five – are tomboys and so have widely been interpreted as queer by readers and academics alike . Another example is Elizabeth Levy 's Something Queer Is Going On , whose heros Gwen and Jill ( not Jack and Jill , you 'll notice ) are best friends . But the subtext is not so subtexty here : queer has , for almost a century , meant homosexual and Levy , who also wrote an expressly lesbian romance novel for teens called Come Out Smiling , was clearly not above sticking overt references in their titles .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A page from Jenny Lives with Eric and Martin by Suzanne Bösche , branded ‘ blatant homosexual propaganda ' by Margaret Thatcher 's education secretary Kenneth Baker
Other girls adopted as lesbian icons have included Caddie – of Caddie Woodlawn by Carol Ryrie Brink – Pippi Longstocking and Harriet the Spy . None of them fulfils the heteronormative expectation of girlhood , especially for their times . Pippi , with their super-strength and brusqueness , first appeared on the page in 1945 , while Caddie , a stark contrast to their traditionally feminine cousin , appeared in 1936 ( and the book was set in the 1860s ) .
There is no mention of Harriet 's sexuality or identity beyond their self-identification as a writer and a spy . But Louise Fitzhugh 's book is historically beloved by lesbians , who saw their own uncomfortable childhoods in Harriet : the girl who dislikes dresses , does n't want to learn to dance , whose best friends are a baseball-loving boy and a mad-scientist girl , and whose differences end up pushing them away from the other kids who do n't understand them Fitzhugh themselves was a lesbian , who purportedly went by the name Willie within the lesbian community , so in Harriet 's case we have an almost certain depiction of a queer child , intended for children .
There are children 's books about queer male characters as well , though the interpretation is not as obvious and could be argued against more easily . Many , if not all , of the implied-queer male characters tend to be animals , an easy way to depict gentleness and softness in men ( whether meant to be queer or not ) without inviting criticism . The Story of Ferdinand by Munro Leaf is a good example : Ferdinand , a bull – a symbol of masculine virility if there ever was one – who does n't want to butt heads with the others . Preferring to sit in the meadow and smell the flowers , he 's carted off to the bullfights where they refuse to participate – and is finally put to pasture , where they can once again enjoy the flowers . Ferdinand 's story may resonate with boys who also dislike sporty , often violent heteronormative activities . “ Bachelor types ” often pop up in furry forms ; think Ratty and Mole in the Wind in the Willows ( Alan Bennett even threw in a few jokes about male bonding in their stage adaptation ) or Pooh and Piglet ( who even cohabit in The House at Pooh Corner ) .
But why animals ? Researchers have found that children 's literature often anthropomorphises animals to “ soften the didactic tone and ease tensions raised by dealing with issues not yet fully resolved or socially controversial ” . But where lesbians have been alternately ignored , fetishised or dismissed as harmless flirtations , gay men have been controversial since the days of the Old Testament ; discomfort at gay male characters or perceived common traits makes anthropomorphism almost inevitable .
Gone are the days of needing to disguise queerness in furry layers . In recent years , as young-adult literature has taken to fiercely tackling issues that teenagers face themselves – rape , abuse , eating disorders , bullying and more – it seems the need to hide queer characters from the prying gazes of adults desperate to shield their children has somewhat dissipated . More and more books have been published directly depicting queer relationships and varying gender identities for young and teen readers : Philip Pullman 's gay angels Baruch and Balthamos in Their Dark Materials ; 10-year-old Harold Hutchins in Captain Underpants ; Patrick in the YA modern classic The Perks of Being a Wallflower .
And none of the above is to suggest that these books deal with sexuality in the way that adults see it . But these characters and narratives can shine a light into the corners of possibility for children searching for signs that they are not alone in their otherness .
“ The oceans cover 70 % of the surface of our planet , and yet they are still the least explored , ” says Sir David Attenborough in the opening sequence of the recent BBC documentary series Blue Planet II . “ Hidden beneath the waves , there are creatures beyond our imagination. ” Yet while the programme reveals the wonders of many of these species , an incredible number more have never been encountered by humans at all .
In fact , we do n't even know how many species exist in the oceans . Most estimates were made before we even had any inventory of how many had been scientifically named – they have ranged from 0.3m to an astounding 100m . Numerous new marine species are discovered every year – yet working out how many species there are in total ( and so how many more we need to describe ) is a much more difficult process . But now we at least have the essential foundation of knowing how many marine species have been named , thanks to a decade-long collaborative effort by hundreds of scientists .
Scientists have used a variety of methods to estimate the global number of marine species and each has its limitations . Data is n't always reliable and the assumptions of each method can be flawed . A common method is to scale up the fraction of unknown species estimated in a specific sample or region . Other methods rely on our system of taxonomic classification ( the way we name and group different species ) . We can use the rate of discovery of new families and orders or the rate at which new species are described to estimate the total number of species there must be .
Some methods have used expert opinion on how many unknown species are expected in a particular group the expert works on , based on potential new species that they know of but have n't yet been described . According to a study from 2012 , the average time between the discovery of a new species and its description is 21 years .
Because each method relies on assumptions and particular datasets , they have resulted in wide variations in estimates . The very high estimates ( any larger than 10m ) are now thought unlikely by many , but current common estimates still vary between around 0.3m and 2m marine species .
New way of recording species
This means that , after 250 years of describing , naming and cataloguing the species we share our planet with , we are still a long way off achieving a complete census . But we do know that 242,500 marine species have been described because their names are now managed in the World Register of Marine Species ( WoRMS ) by about 300 scientists located all over the world .
Every year , almost 2,000 marine species new to science are added to the register . This includes species from relatively well known groups such as fish , almost 1,500 of which were described in the past decade . Most undiscovered creatures likely remain in the least explored habitats such as the deep oceans , the most diverse environments such as tropical shallow seas , and the most diverse groups including molluscs and crustaceans .
Shutterstock
Most of these species are probably “ macro ” sized ( 1 mm to 10 cm ) seabed-living crustaceans , molluscs and worms . We 've found just over 6,000 new marine crustaceans and almost 8,000 marine molluscs in the past ten years . A recent finding of 28 new amphipod crustacean species doubled the number of them known in Antarctic waters .
Taxonomists are busy collecting , identifying and describing new species of marine animals all the time . The process from collection of a sample to the publication of a species as new to science is arduous and time-consuming . All characteristics of the animal need to be carefully examined and compared with every other closely related species .
This now often requires DNA analysis which provides additional data for later researchers to be able to identify the new species by its genetic “ barcode ” . Once the data from a new species has been published in a scientific journal , the WoRMS taxonomic editor responsible for that group of species enters the information and makes it openly available to all users worldwide .
Since the WoRMS was founded in 2007 , the number of species on the list has doubled from 120,000 to 242,500 . The number of names in the database is actually almost double this figure ( 477,700 ) but many of them are not valid because of duplication or changes to species classification .
Naming species helps conservation
Keeping an up-to-date list of the world 's marine species is n't just for interest but is also important for protecting our oceans . Extinctions from habitat loss and climate change are progressing at alarming rates . Around 20 % of marine species are at risk of extinction and we urgently need to document what is happening in order to better understand why and how to prevent it .
Biodiversity also underpins many features of the environment that humans depend on . Each new species discovered could provide opportunities for advances in medicine or agriculture .
WoRMS has brought us closer to a complete assessment of our marine biodiversity than ever before . Perhaps this model of real-time online collaboration between experts around the world – and a centralised database with a professional data centre – could be used to provide a continuously updated , freely available , comprehensive database of all species on Earth . Until then , we will continue to marvel at how much we still do n't know .
Pro-Assad forces seize several areas in Aleppo after clashes with rebels
More than 15 killed after Russian strike hit medical center northwest Syria
Without the Russian intervention , entire Syria would fall to ISIS : Official
More than 20 civilians killed in Syrian airstrike near Homs
ARA News
ERBIL – The U.S.-led coalition forces conducted Wednesday midnight a number of airstrikes on the eastern areas of Deir ez-Zor province , eastern Syria , local sources reported on Thursday .
“ Flames in the eastern villages were seen rising , especially in the village of Baqras and the vicinity of al-Omar oil field , ” an eyewitness told ARA News .
In the meantime , the U.S.-led forces reportedly conducted a parachutist landing operation near al-Omar oil field east of Deir ez-Zor .
Speaking to ARA News in Deir ez-Zor , media activist Yasser ad-Deiri said that six U.S.-led helicopters carried out a parachutist operation near al-Omar oil field .
“ The military operation apparently targeted a top commander in the radical group of Islamic State ( ISIS ) , ” they said .
The move resulted in the arrest of a number of militants , without any information about the leading member , according to ISIS 's loyalists in the area .
“ The U.S.-led helicopters began bombing the area with more than eight strikes around the oil field before the parachutist operation , ” media activist Mujahid al-Shami told ARA News .
“ Also , unidentified jets bombed the outskirts of al-Omar oil field , coinciding with a state of alert in the ranks of the terror group , ” the source said .
“ An entire power outage swept the city of Mayadeen in Deir ez-Zor province . ”
The area has not witnessed such intense airstrikes by the coalition since May .
In May , 2015 , the U.S. Defense Department announced in an official statement that the U.S. Special Forces conducted a military operation inside the Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor , northeastern Syria , and was able to kill Abu Sayyaf , an ISIS senior leader .
Reporting by : Sarbaz Yousef
Source : ARA News
This 1973 Triumph TR6 ( chassis CF4867U ) has been nicknamed the “ Tobra MkI ” in honor of the four twin-choke Dell'Orto-topped Ford 289 under the hood . The seller says it was built as a Group 44 tribute car , and that it 's passed inspection at Willow Springs–excluding a Halon extinguisher it 's reportedly ready to return to track . Currently street registered , the car looks cool and seems like it 'd be a blast to drive . Find it here on Craigslist in Julian , California for $ 12,500 . Special thanks to BaT reader PGN for this submission .
Says the seller : “ Built around a 1973 Triumph TR6 as a Group 44 tribute car . This is a purposefully built vintage race car witch is licensed for the street . The performance is outstanding , better than a Sunbeam Tiger . Passed tech inspection at Willow Springs . All it needs to go back to the track is a Halon extinguisher . THIS IS NOT A TOY ! ”
Wheels are period magnesium American Racing items , and the car looks cool de-bumpered , hard-topped and fitted with a small , apparently sheet metal wing on the trunk lid . Condition looks good as well , and we 're digging the green and white Quaker State theme .
Part of the green-painted full roll cage is seen in this interior shot , along with a vintage-style Kirkey aluminum race seat and five-point harness . Note also the custom sheet metal door trim panels and largely standard dash retaining many OEM gauges as well as factory wood veneers .
Power comes from what the seller describes as a “ 1988 289 Ford HiPo engine , ” presumably meaning it 's a relatively modern crate engine . It 's fitted with a performance cam and solid roller lifters , and the quartet of 40mm Dell'Ortos should sound fantastic while delivering sharp throttle response . Other spec includes a fuel cell and T-5 5-speed , though brake and suspension details are lacking .
hehe they kinda looks like Moffat does n't she ? Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
that 's me rn .
i swear to god , i 'm willing to give my basement to hold them hostage , i will not be able to contain more random one-offs every 18 months .
idgaf about Sherlock , the bbc just needs to fire their ass . They might lose Sherlock on the way but they can keep DW with a new showrunner . Plus Doctor who is way more profitable . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I stood next to them once . It 's still a regret that I did n't punch them in the head . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
oh god i just want moffat gone and there to be women writers
i gave up on dr who when the ponds left seems like i made the right choice ... Reply
Thread
Link
Here 's the one thing I do n't buy : if Moffat 's causing this much troubling , pissing off this many people and essentially friendless , just FIRE him .
Their ratings are no better than RTD 's , and in the case of Series 6 they were actually lower . It 's not like they 'll lose Sherlock , and even if they do , so what ? Finish out series 3 and then end it . They can always drag it back out in 5 years anyway . That 's the nature of that show -- it does n't depend on a constant yearly return . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'm sick of people thinking Moffat is the be-all and end-all of Doctor Who . With the momentum Who has these days they could hire a new showrunner and still have huge ratings .
And I do n't hate Moffat 's work the same way ONTD does , but I also do n't get the god-like status other nerds confer on him . I like them more as a writer than a show runner . I 'd like to see someone who might try this weird concept called 'character development , ' and wo n't try and erase the show 's history . Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I do n't know what to do with this .... Reply
Thread
Link
LOL this source though , what the hell is it . Reply
Thread
Link
Yeah , I would n't exactly call this a trustworthy source . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
This could explain this http : //www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/doctorwho/articles/Brian-Minchin-confirmed-as-New-Executive-Producer-of-Doctor-Who Reply
Thread
Link
Actually it kind of does n't , because it says
The eighth series is ONLY being worked on by Moffat , but NO ONE ELSE including the BBC will commit to it after Christmas . ''
so they obviously are n't working alone . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Yeah . I mean you do n't hire new people for a dead show . Which I think lends to most of this being ridiculous . Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
what
I mean I know he 's the devil but what Reply
Thread
Link
I do n't understand why Moffatt has so much control over the situation -- does n't the BBC ultimately own the rights to Doctor Who ? I do n't understand why they ca n't just be fired if he 's causing such major issues . Reply
Thread
Link
Agreed . Doctor Who will be a success with or without Moffat , and fans are actively frustrated/bored/angry with their show right now . The yearly ratings from series to series look like this :
( taken from Gallifrey Base ) :
Doctor Who : Series averages ( 2005-Present )
BARB Series Averages :
7.94m - Series 1 : Final BARB rating average ( 13 episodes )
7.71m - Series 2 : Final BARB rating average ( 13 episodes )
7.55m - Series 3 : Final BARB rating average ( 13 episodes )
8.05m - Series 4 : Final BARB rating average ( 13 episodes )
7.73m - Series 5 : Final BARB rating average ( 13 episodes )
7.52m - Series 6 : Final BARB rating average ( 13 episodes )
-- -- --
Series 7 is basically on par with 5 right now ratings-wise , but it 's not finalized yet .
The point ultimately being that Moffat 's show has remained steady , but it has n't quite reached the heights of at least two of the RTD years . If he 'd increased the average viewing numbers to a steady 8 or 9 or even 10 , I could see why he 's irreplaceable , but this show would easily go on without him . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LMAO @ heights . You mean the 1/4 to 1/2 million more 'heights ' ?
And he 's a major part of your 'heights ' , no ? Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
This is justa guess but I feel like because Doctor Who 's American Renaissance happened under Moffat people now think of it as Moffat 's show , and that the buzz might go away if they fire him . Even though RTD was the one who revived it and built up the momentum for it to become big in America . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol at this whole thing Reply
Thread
Link
seriously i need a fuck moffat icon Reply
Thread
Link
Hah . I was just thinking this when I saw all the `` Fuck JJ '' icons in a different Who thread . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Meeeeeeeeeeee too . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 've been thinking that ever since they came along . Parallel situations , almost .
( especially if the John Hurt rumour is true ) Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I have n't really been keeping up with Doctor Who much , so I have n't heard . What 's the John Hurt rumor ?
Also my deepest sympathies go out to everyone in the Doctor Who is a fandom right now . ) : I quit a little before the Ponds left and am I feeling very , very glad I did give how upset people seem to be . Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
me too Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Fuck Moffat . They are making great strides towards ruining my favorite show . Reply
Thread
Link
exactly Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Lol mte Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
As much as I want to believe every bad thing about him ... this sounds unlikely ? Not the part about Moffat , the hiatus . Surely , the 50th is used to try to get more viewers interested in the next series , so there has to be a next series . Reply
Thread
Link
Yeah . I mean I have no doubts that the man has an ego , but I also do n't believe you can be a showrunner of anything as popular as Doctor Who and not have an ego . RTD also had a relatively large ego . I do n't think that necessarily makes for an inability to work with others or prima donna type situations on set . A man can not hijack a program that they do not own the rights to .
I mean , I absolutely despise Moffat , I did n't even like the episodes they wrote in the series prior to their run with the exception of Blink , and he 's killed the fun in that .
I will be sorely disappointed if the spoilers about Hurt are true .
But none of that makes me believe even a 10th of what this blog is claiming . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Yeah , I do n't buy for a second that they wo n't renew it . This same poster has already discussed Series 8 storylines/scripts .
But then they also seem to be hinting that Series 8 will start prior to the 50th special . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Does the source 's friend have a bike ? Reply
Thread
Link
I would n't be surprised by any of this .
`` A huge and antagonistic falling out with the series leading man , Matt Smith , about the treatment of former Doctors in preparation of The Anniversary Show . Smith was furious that former Whos were not informed of Moffat 's intentions . ''
I 'd believe that because Matt Smith is very passionate about Doctor Who , even though they came late to it . Reply
Thread
Link
And I would honestly not want to piss Matt off .
They seem like he 's all fun and games until shit gets real .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Maybe that 's why Matt 's been alluding to leaving ? Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
if that 's true OMG bless Matt Smith for this . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
So much respect for Matt if this is true . Eleven may not be `` my '' Doctor but I really like Matt . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
completely OT : what 's with the FUCK JJ ABRAMS icons ? it seems i missed a bit of drama . Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Aw , I like Matt , mostly for being a Norfampton boy but this seems true . Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Alaska State Troopers are investigating a fire that burned down five structures on Sunday on a family 's property north of the Interior community of Grayling .
Rachel Freireich , Grayling 's tribal administrator , said a team of Grayling firefighters had been flying to Galena on Sunday , on the way to an out-of-state assignment , when they flew over the cabins and saw the fire .
The structures were located about 40 miles north of Grayling on the west bank of the Yukon River , near Blackburn Creek . Josephine Thurmond , one of the cabin owners , said they got a call early Sunday evening about the fire .
`` It 's heartbreaking . Just a lot of history up in smoke , '' Thurmond said from Anchorage .
Them brother in Galena , Darryl Thurmond , said the property has been in the family for five generations .
Thurmond visited the cabin `` springtime , summertime , fall time , every chance we get , that 's where my vacation is at , '' they said .
A main cabin , guest cabin , greenhouse , warehouse and generator house were all burned , Thurmond said .
Undamaged in the incident were an older cabin , built in the 1930s or 1940s by Thurmond 's father , and the family 's smokehouse .
The family also has a private cemetery on the property . Thurmond said they planned to travel 180 miles from their home in Galena to the check the condition of the graves this weekend . They are n't sure whether the family would try to rebuild the cabins .
On Sunday , Freireich said by the time people arrived on scene , the buildings were destroyed but still smoldering . Left behind at the scene were several threatening and racist notes toward Alaska Natives , Freireich said .
Alaska State Troopers confirmed Monday that they are investigating a report of fire-damaged structures north of Grayling , but did not have any other immediate information .
Spokesperson Megan Peters said troopers were coordinating a response to the site of the fire .
Grayling is a community of about 200 people on the Yukon.In July , three cabins were burned down along the Yukon north of Galena in an incident that investigators called `` suspicious . ''
Handball legend Michael 'Ducksy ' Walsh dies August 04 , 2016
The legendary Michael 'Ducksy ' Walsh The legendary Michael 'Ducksy ' Walsh
The handball community is in mourning today following the untimely passing of its greatest icon , Kilkenny 's Michael 'Ducksy ' Walsh .
Walsh first came to prominence as a child in the famed Talbot 's Inch club in the early 1980s . They became the first Irish player to win a title at the prestigious USHA Junior Nationals and later won minor and junior All-Irelands in 1984 and , in 1985 at the age of 19 , began a run of 13 successive All-Ireland Softball Senior Singles titles .
They were beaten in 1998 but returned to win three more Senior Singles titles .
'Ducksy ' also dominated the 40x20 court and in doubles , where they won senior titles in both codes with Michael Reade , Eugene Downey and hurling star DJ Carey . Right up until their death , they remained one of the very best players in the game ; they won the Irish 60x30 Nationals last month and was listed at number two in the Irish rankings released after that tournament .
`` He was my handball hero growing up , '' Dublin star Eoin Kennedy said .
`` I watched them countless times and then got to play them in multiple finals . They were the perfect combination of being incredibly skilful and incredibly determined . They lived and breathed the game , it totally consumed him .
`` His enthusiasm for playing and coaching was evident right to the end . He 'll be a huge loss to handball - it 's just a terrible shock . ''
Walsh was widely regarded as the greatest all-rounder in handball history - they excelled in all codes and was also an excellent coach .
GAA Handball National Manager John Kelly stated that Walsh was `` '' one in a million , a tremendous competitor , a sportsman par excellence and an iconic figure whose loss has left the entire handball community numb with grief . ''
Ducksy , who was 50 , is survived by their wife Sheena and their three children .
Most Read Stories
In a letter to White House Counsel Gregory Craig today , Rep. Darrell Issa ( R-CA ) , the ranking Republican on the House Oversight Committee , “ called on President Obama to put in place a system that ensures all White House emails be preserved even if official business was done through private e- mail accounts. ” This newfound interest in the use of outside e-mail accounts at the White House is ironic , considering their dismissal of such concerns when Democrats investigated the Bush administration 's use of RNC e-mail accounts :
Republicans accused the Democrats of pursuing the investigation simply to dig up dirt on Rove and waste hundreds of thousands of dollars of money that the RNC could be using to shore up its candidates ' campaigns .
“ Are we simply going on a fishing expedition at $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 a month ? ” Rep. Darrell Issa ( R-Calif. ) asked National Archives and White House officials at the hearing . “ Do any of you know of a single document , because this committee does n't , that should 've been in the archives but in fact was done at the RNC ? ”
In 2007 , the House Oversight Committee discovered that at least 88 Bush White House officials , including former adviser Karl Rove and former chief of staff Andrew Card , had RNC e-mail accounts . Additionally , the RNC has preserved no e-mails for 51 officials and had major gaps in the e-mail records of the 37 White House officials for whom the RNC did preserve e-mails .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture has banned imports of beef from the XL Foods in Alberta after E. coli was found in shipments from the plant .
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency confirms American inspectors have intercepted a number of shipments of contaminated ground beef since the beginning of the month .
CFIA has now issued seven alerts related to the recall .
On Sept. 16 , CFIA ordered the voluntary recall from the Brooks , Alta. , plant , after being alerted to a problem by officials in the U.S .
Since then , XL Foods has pulled more than 250 products from grocery store chains and small shops across the country .
Related link : CFIA 's list of recalled products
XL Foods released a statement Tuesday about the CFIA 's report findings , which said several deficiencies could have led to E. coli contamination .
The company implemented a response plan that has been accepted by CFIA .
`` XL Foods is committed to producing high quality beef products , and the safety of our consumers is our No . 1 priority , '' the statement reads . `` We will continue to act in their best interests throughout the completion of the recall and implementation of enhanced systems to ensure something like this never happens again . ''
Recall should have started sooner , says expert
CFIA confirms American inspectors intercepted a number of shipments of contaminated ground beef from XL Foods in Brooks , Alta . ( CBC )
Bob Jackson , a longtime meat inspector and regional vice-president of the Public Service Alliance of Canada , says the recall should have been initiated a lot sooner .
`` It 's very disturbing that the product was still on shelves and still being sold in stores for that length of time before the recall was made public , '' they said .
`` It 's not the first time and it is quite alarming , the fact that it was found by the United States . ''
A Calgary-based beef expert says the ripple effect from the ban is also concerning for Canada 's beef industry .
`` For an industry it means a reduction of demand and that can back up beef product and increase inventories in Canada , reduce prices and in time , which appears to be happening , it reduces that company 's ability to purchase cattle on the local market reducing the value of those cattle and the hardship just spreads to the rest of the industry , '' said Ted Haney , who has a long history with the Canada Beef Export Federation .
Currently , there are eight confirmed E. coli cases in Alberta : three in Calgary , four in Edmonton and one in central Alberta .
Alberta Health Services has not linked the illnesses to the contamination at XL Foods .
An infectious disease expert at the University of Calgary says it 's too early to call the contamination an outbreak .
`` You could say that it could be connected , but it 's too soon to say whether it is connected or not because we have this sort of underlying sporadic number of cases of E. coli infection that occur in Alberta every year , typically that 's in the 25 to 30 patient range . So , we 're still not at that level yet , '' said Glen Armstrong .
`` We ca n't say whether these are just sporadic infections from some other sources or whether they are connected to the XL meat . ''
Getty Images
Two weeks ago , Chargers coach Mike McCoy was asked if they had received a contract extension , and they answered by saying their focus was only on the next game in front of him .
Asked again Monday ( it pays to be persistent ) , their answer changed .
“ No , ” McCoy replied this time , via Tom Krasovic of the San Diego Union-Tribune .
The Chargers gave McCoy a one-year extension in January , which carried their deal through the end of the 2017 season . But with the team 5-9 and in last place in the AFC West , there 's no compelling reason to reward them at the moment , especially with so many balls in the air .
While no one really knows where the Chargers will be even next year , a few things are known about this team . They 've been one of the most unlucky teams in the league , with 18 players on injured reserve . And as if they want to remind you of this , if you look at the roster page on the team website , that list is placed ahead of the active roster .
It helps that McCoy 's near the bottom of the pay scale in terms of NFL coaching contracts , but they 've also not seen results after going 4-12 last year . But General Manager Tom Telesco said in January that the plan was to “ build around Mike , ” but it 's not quite a long-range plan yet .
A fly landed on Hillary Clinton during Sunday night 's debate .
And it immediately launched an Internet buzz about how the same circumstances have happened to the man they worked with in Washington , Barack Obama .
“ It 's an Omen – Fly Lands on Hillary 's Face During Debate , ” wrote Jim Hoft at Gateway Pundit .
“ Did anyone else see this fly land on their face . It must have been looking for garbage . # Debate , ” tweeted NateBurt .
What do YOU think ? Who won 2nd debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton ? Sounds off in the WND Poll !
WND has reported on the issue when it has plagued Obama .
See an episode of the Obama Insect Chronicles :
Obama was talking about how in America people can write their own destiny when the fly lands on their shoulder and makes itself at home .
They continue speaking , and the fly wanders around the shoulder of their suit .
“ Today we can say , in no uncertain terms … we 've made our union a little more perfect , ” they say of the Supreme Court ruling that created same-sex “ marriage ” across America based on the 14th Amendment , which was adopted to make sure blacks were treated equally after the Civil War .
And then the fly flies off .
See the whole speech :
It was n't the first encounter of the buzz kind for Obama .
During the Easter events at the White House in April , flying insects interrupted the commander in chief as they were reading to children .
As the president was reciting lines from the famous book “ Where the Wild Things Are , ” bees began buzzing around the kids seated on the South Lawn at the White House .
See video of the president interrupted by bees :
“ Oh no , it 's a bee ! ” declared Obama when some children began to scream . “ It 's OK , guys . ”
Obama tried to assure the children everything would be fine , saying : “ Bees are good . They wo n't land on ya . They wo n't sting you . They 'll be OK . ”
As some children continued to shriek , the president yelled to them : “ Wait , wait , wait , wait !
“ Hold on ! Hold on ! You guys are wild things ! You 're not supposed to be scared of bees when you 're a wild thing ! ”
They have had flies land on their face numerous times , with the president sometimes not even swatting them off theirs face .
They also are swarmed by bees when trying to leave the White House to play basketball , and a rodent scurried toward the presidential podium on one occasion .
The flurry of incidents prompted radio and TV host Glenn Beck to say in 2010 : “ How many times have rodents crossed your path , flies landed on your face , or bees strangely swarmed in your presence ? But our president , at one of the most meticulously maintained houses , it seems to be happening all the time . Why ? I do n't know , but someone does . … A swarm of [ bees ] hovered as they were leaving the White House to play basketball . They went inside and they were gone . How does this happen ? Oh , I do n't know . But the bees know . ”
In January 2013 , WND reported prophecy websites were having a field day with the worldwide attention Obama received for sparring with a fly .
Religious and other websites used the headlines to point out that a biblical reference for Satan , the Semitic deity Beelzebub , literally translates from Hebrew into “ Lord of the Flies . ”
In a June 2009 CNBC interview , Obama killed a fly on camera .
“ Get out of here , ” the president said with their eyes on the fly before the interview began .
When the fly persisted , they killed it with a single blow .
“ That was pretty impressive , was n't it ? ” said Obama of their feat . “ I got the sucker . ”
In a 2008 campaign appearance , Obama halted a local interview after a swarm of flies had gathered around him .
American stand-up comedian
Dana John Gould ( born August 24 , 1964 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actor , writer and voice artist who has been featured on HBO , Showtime , and Comedy Central .
Early life [ edit ]
Gould was born in Hopedale , Massachusetts on August 24 , 1964 , the fifth of six children . They were raised Roman Catholic , and served as an altar boy in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester . [ citation needed ]
Career [ edit ]
Gould began performing comedy onstage at age 17 . After high school , they studied communications and theatre at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , but after a year moved to San Francisco to pursue a career in comedy . It was there he , along with fellow comedian Alex Reid , founded the San Francisco Comedy Condo in 1986 .
Gould wrote and performed on The Ben Stiller Show ; one such sketch features Gould as Otto , Cupid 's twisted brother , whose arrows convince a young man to fall madly in love with an elderly woman . Another series of sketches features a heavily disguised Gould as Wilford Brimley advertising `` Grady 's Oats '' ( a parody of Brimley 's Quaker Oats advertisements ) . In one , they speak of their Uncle Ray 's hobby of dressing in a pink taffeta gown and filling their panties with oatmeal ; in another , they brandish a revolver through the window at children . They also appeared in an episode of MADtv as Newt Gingrich and on one episode of Seinfeld ( `` The Junk Mail '' ) as `` Fragile '' Frankie Merman , Jerry 's childhood friend ( also known as `` The Summer George '' ) . They co-created and was executive producer on Super Adventure Team . In addition , Gould 's stand up material was featured in Comedy Central 's animated series Shorties Watchin ' Shorties .
In 1998 , Gould appeared in the episode `` Supermarket Story '' of The King of Queens .
For seven years , they wrote for The Simpsons , one episode of which they provided the voice of Don Knotts as Barney Fife ( an impression that originated in their stand-up routine ) . They left the show in late 2006 in order to focus on their own screenwriting and they served as co-executive producer on seasons 14 through 18 ( 2002–2007 ) .
Gould had a featured cameo in Girls Will Be Girls , in which they played a hit-and-run victim who admits to their alcohol problem after having a desperate one-night stand with aging C-list actor Evie Harris , the other driver in the car accident . They were also featured in The Aristocrats , where , among other commentary , they present an Amish version of the eponymous joke . Their short films , Last Man On Earth , Break On Through With J.F.K. , A Night On Java Island , and Soul Mates are also available for download on their site . Except for the latter , all feature Gould in acting roles . 2009 saw the release of their new stand up special , `` Let Me Put My Thoughts In You '' on Shout ! Factory .
Gould provided the voice for the title character in the U.S. versions of the Gex video game series and the U.K. version of the first game . Gould , with their frequent writing partner Rob Cohen , wrote the majority of the jokes for the games . Gould also voiced Hi Larious in Father of the Pride .
They were a regular contributor to the Adam Carolla radio show where they did impressions of Huell Howser . They appear occasionally on The Adam Carolla Show podcast . The first episode of Gould 's own podcast The Dana Gould Hour [ 1 ] was made available on iTunes on January 31 , 2012 . Recurring guests include comedians like Eddie Pepitone , and each episode revolves around a singular theme . Currently , a new episode of The Dana Gould Hour is released about every two months .
In 2010 , they appeared in live action on the Family Guy episode `` Brian Writes a Bestseller . ''
In 2013 , Gould appeared with Melinda Hill and Scott Shriner [ 2 ] in an episode of the web series Romantic Encounters . [ 3 ] They also frequently performs live shows with comedian Arden Myrin as `` The Tinkle Twins . ''
In 2014 , Gould participated as a comedian on Playboy 's `` Foursome : Walk of Shame '' where they joined other comedians in making fun of the program 's contestants .
In 2016 , Gould created the IFC comedy horror series Stan Against Evil , [ 4 ] featuring the talent of John C. McGinley , Janet Varney , and Nate Mooney . Gould also appears as the character Kevin , a quirky gravedigger and love interest of Stan 's daughter Denise .
Personal life [ edit ]
Gould currently lives in Los Angeles . In 2000 [ 5 ] they married Sue Naegle , former President of HBO Entertainment . The couple separated in 2014 . They have three adopted daughters [ 6 ] all from China . [ 7 ]
Discography [ edit ]
Filmography [ edit ]
The Simpsons episodes [ edit ]
The following is a list of episodes Gould wrote during their tenure at The Simpsons .
They also made an acting appearance in the Season 16 episode `` Pranksta Rap '' and the season 28 episode `` The Town '' .
Family Guy episodes [ edit ]
Gould guest starred in the episode `` Brian Writes a Bestseller '' as himself , during a live-action segment .
Films [ edit ]
Privacy activist Freddy Martinez sued the Chicago Police Department today [ September 23 , 2014 ] to force release of records showing the extent of its use of sophisticated spying equipment that can trick residents ' and visitors ' cell phones into transmitting personal information to the police .
The Freedom of Information Act suit also aims to discover whether the CPD has any procedural safeguards in place to protect the public 's Constitutional rights .
Cell site simulators , also known as IMSI catchers or stingrays , masquerade as cellphone towers to obtain data secretly from nearby cell phone users . In a lawsuit filed in June , Chicago resident and privacy activist Freddy Martinez sued the Chicago Police to find out whether the department had purchased any of this equipment . Records produced by the department have since shown that it has in fact acquired this equipment .
“ Under FOIA , the public has a right to know the extent to which the police are secretly taking information from their cell phones and whether their Constitutional rights are being protected in the process , ” said government transparency attorney Matt Topic of Loevy & Loevy Attorneys at Law , which represents Martinez in the suit . “ The Chicago Police Department has refused to produce a single document that would show the extent this is happening and with what Constitutional safeguards . ”
“ Given the Chicago Police Department 's history of illegally targeting political activists for surveillance , people should be very concerned about its use of this equipment , which could be used to identify people who attend political protests and the people they 've contacted , ” said Martinez . “ It was only a few years ago that the courts dissolved the consent decree in the ACLU 's suit against the department for years of this kind of unconstitutional targeting . ”
Mr. Martinez filed a FOIA request with Chicago Police looking for records showing when , where , how , why , and by whom the Chicago Police deployed this equipment , any court orders allowing it , any policies governing the deployment , any records discussing the constitutionality of its use , and records showing exactly what happens to the data that the department obtains using this technology . The CPD has refused to produce a single record in response .
The suit comes only a few months after the Supreme Court acknowledged in Riley v. California that cell phones are “ now such a pervasive and insistent part of daily life that the proverbial visitor from Mars might conclude they were an important feature of human anatomy. ” The Court held that police therefore need a warrant before searching cell phones incident to an arrest .
“ The public ought to know whether the Chicago Police Department is engaged in wholesale violations of the Fourth Amendment right to privacy , '' said Topic .
A copy of the new suit , No . 14CH15338 , is posted here :
http : //www.loevy.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Freddy-Martinez-v.-Chicago-Police-Department2.pdf
Documents showing the CPD 's purchase of the spying equipment can be viewed here :
http : //www.loevy.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/CPD-Stingray-Purchase-Records.pdf
Summertime means warm weather , enjoying the outdoors , and time with friends and family . It 's a chance to stop , slow down , and hopefully explore our interests during those long , slow summer days . Still , too many of us are so hopped up on productivity juice that we 're off to summer camp , summer school , taking extra jobs , or prepping for the fall . Stop that : It 's important to keep the “ break ” in “ summer break . ”
We all know it 's important to take your vacation , even if you do n't think it 's a good time , but this is more than that . If you 're in school , summer seems like valuable time away from classes to go to camp , pick up a part-time job , or prep for next semester or college . That 's all great , but it 's just as important to make space for yourself , and since summer is so traditionally associated with creativity and vacation , it 's a natural time .
Advertisement
Why Downtime Is So Important
We all need boredom and downtime in our lives . Downtime gives you the opportunity to explore your own interests instead of pushing yourself to work on the things you 're “ supposed to do , ” and boredom lets your brain process the things you 've learned and events you 've experienced . It 's essential for creativity , too : keeping a packed schedule that never lets up never gives you room to stop , think , and come up with your own ideas and solutions to problems .
Advertisement
One study conducted by the University of Limerick suggested that while boredom can make you feel directionless , it simultaneously encourages you to seek out more meaningul activities—especially around other people . Daydreaming and wistfully letting your mind wander also plays an important role in developing focus and long-term mental performance , according to this study published in The Journal of Neuroscience . Of course , when we talk about downtime , we 're usually talking about breaks at work , or a short relief from work . Maybe a few days off , or a long weekend . That 's great , but it 's also important to take longer breaks when you can get them .
Summer Is Especially Important for Creativity
When I was in college , one of my old professors used to remind me to take some time away from academics and extracurriculars during the summer . I would try to explain that I wanted to get a jump start on my studies , but they responded that summer is the perfect season for “ rearranging the furniture of the mind , ” and even if I did study , I should make time specifically to not do anything . They explained that creative minds across generations like Tennyson , Keats , Bronte , Dickinson , and Shakespeare all wax rhapsodic about the rejuvenating beauty of summer , and how it 's a special time of year for developing your creativity .
Advertisement
You might remember how summer used to feel when you were a kid : Full of possibilities and a seemingly endless amount of time to do whatever you wanted . If you have kids , try to encourage that same feeling in them , even if you feel like you 're supposed to use the time to “ give them a head start on their peers. ” If you miss those days yourself , recapture some of it by building your own summer manifesto , or a simple , short list of things you want to do this summer , or the steps you can take to make your daily life feel like a vacation .
Build Your Summer Manifesto The warm weather months offer a unique opportunity to get some special things done , whether… Read more Read
Advertisement
The goals on your list can be as broad as “ relax more ” or as specific as “ drink mint juleps on the porch on hot days. ” As long as they 're actionable , specific things you can do and look back at having enjoyed , then you 're in good shape . They should also encourage you to take time out for yourself . In short , they should be activities that you enjoy and enrich you emotionally . Think of the books you 'd like to read , or bands you 'd like to see . Perhaps you want to travel , or see a museum you 've never visited . Maybe you just want to reconnect with old friends . The only important thing is that your manifesto should n't include work , or pet “ productivity ” projects , even if you enjoy them on some level . The whole point is to take time to broaden your horizons and give your brain some free time , even if you have to plan to do it .
Yes , It 's Harder Than It Sounds
I know I 'm making this sound easy here . Many people need the downtime and long hours that summer brings to actually accomplish things . Maybe you need to send your kids off to camp so you can get some much-needed downtime . Or perhaps you need that part-time job to make ends meet , or to pay for school in the fall . It 's easy to assume this kind of advice is for office workers with weeks of vacation granted to them by their cushy employers , but it 's not . The key is n't to take weeks off and sun yourself on a beach in Cabo ( although if that 's your thing , more power to you ) but to carve out some time for purposeful , deliberate relaxation and empty-mindedness .
Advertisement
The goal is the same as when you take breaks to get more done at work , or meditate to “ defragment ” your brain . The big difference is that instead of striving for relaxation alone , or for singleminded focus , taking downtime in the summer gives you the unique opportunity to capitalize on all the wonderful connotations that summer has . You also get the chance to explore and discover new interests that you would n't be willing or able to at any other time of the year . After all , most workplaces generally understand that with summer comes people taking vacations , and odds are that no matter where you live , your community is busy planning outdoor activities , community events , block parties , free movies , and other ways for people to get out , get together , and communally relax . Even if you ca n't think of goals for your manifesto , one of them may be “ go with the flow ” and enjoy the opportunities that arise in your community .
Advertisement
Even if you are stuck working , or you have to go to camp or get ahead on your studies , carve out some time for yourself to do nothing and explore your personal interests . You 'll feel refreshed and more engaged when it comes time to jump back to school , go back to work , or pick up your own projects where you left off . We 're also willing to bet you 'll be happier for having a memorable summer under your belt .
Advertisement
( CNN ) On so little do the two countries concur . Not just now but historically as well .
Azerbaijan says Armenia instigated the latest conflict when it shelled civilian settlements and attacked Azerbaijani forces . Armenia paints a starkly different picture , saying that Azerbaijan provoked the fighting when an Mi-24 attack helicopter opened fire on Armenian military positions .
It 's a long-running Eurasian conflict that has intermittently boiled and simmered for almost a century .
Here 's how we arrived at this juncture :
Where is this unfolding ?
Armenia and Azerbaijan are former Soviet republics east of Turkey , north of Iran and south of Georgia and Russia . Armenia is in the South Caucasus region on the eastern edge of Europe . The southern region of the state intersects Azerbaijan 's southwest border , leaving a portion of Azerbaijan , located to the southwest of Armenia , cut off from the Azeri mainland . Azerbaijan 's eastern border is formed by the Caspian Sea .
The Nagorno-Karabakh region lies east of this segment of Southern Armenia , within Azerbaijan 's borders . Though the administrative borders of the now-defunct Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast covered a 1,700-square-mile region ( an area slightly larger than Rhode Island ) , the government of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic claims its seven regions cover 4,415 square miles ( an area about 4/5 the size of Connecticut ) .
Republic ? Oblast ? Which is it ?
Azerbaijani soldiers prepare for a battle in Gulabird in the southern part of Nagorno Karabakh in October 1992 .
Well , it 's disputed , wherein lies the conflict . It 's not a republic , despite claiming its own government , and its status as an oblast ended in 1991 .
It 's internationally recognized as part of Azerbaijan , but the country 's influence over the region is thin . Though as many as 40,000 Azerbaijanis lived there in the late 1980s , a 2005 census indicated that of the region 's 138,000 residents , fewer than 400 were non-Armenians . The area now contains about 94,000 residents , the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic says .
Did the recent fighting erupt out of nowhere ?
An Armenian man visits their son 's grave at a memorial cemetery in Stepanakert , Azerbaijan , the capital of Nagorno Karabakh , in June 1994 .
Not at all . The region has a long and bloody history going back to before Christ . But for the purposes of this discussion , let 's begin with the fall of the Russian Empire in 1917 .
The Azerbaijanis and Armenians unsurprisingly have differing versions of exactly what happened and why , but in a nutshell , the two countries declared their independence and went to war over disputed territories in 1918 , the war ended in 1920 and the countries became part of the Soviet Union in 1922 . The following year , the Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast was formed inside the borders of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic , putting the conflict on ice for several decades .
So things were quiet for almost a century ?
Residents pass the ruins of a building and a mosque in Shusha , Nagorny Karabakh , in July 2007 .
Nope . There were protests here and there , but in 1988 -- following fighting that the largely Christian Armenians blamed on the predominantly Muslim Azerbaijanis , and vice versa -- Karabakh officials appealed to become part of the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Demonstrations turned into interethnic conflicts , which in 1991 escalated into war after officials in Karabakh declared the region independent and the Soviet Union later dissolved . A Russian-brokered ceasefire was reached in 1994 , but by then the separatists , who are seeking full independence from Azerbaijan , had taken control of Nagorno-Karabakh and seven surrounding provinces .
Where do things stand now ?
Armenian artillery units are seen in Martakert , Nagorno-Karabakh , on Sunday .
Tenuously . In 1994 , the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe formed the Minsk Group , which is presently chaired by ambassadors from the Russian Federation , France and the United States .
The group has worked to broker a meaningful peace in the long-running conflict , but tensions have occasionally flared , prompting international bodies such as the Council of Europe , the Organization of the Islamic Conference and the U.N. General Assembly to decry Armenian actions in the region .
In April 2014 , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , in response to reports of violence and casualties along the border , issued a statement urging both sides to `` respect the ceasefire agreement , refrain from further violence and commit themselves to immediate de-escalation and continuing dialogue . ''
This article is about bookmaking in the sense of gambling . For other uses , see bookmaker ( disambiguation ) . For other uses of `` bookie '' , see bookie ( disambiguation )
A bookmaker , bookie , or turf accountant is an organization or a person that accepts and pays off bets on sporting and other events at agreed-upon odds .
History [ edit ]
The first bookmaker , Ogden , stood at Newmarket in 1795 . [ 1 ]
Range of events [ edit ]
Bookmakers in many countries focus on accepting bets on professional sports , especially horse racing and association football ( soccer ) . However , a wider range of bets , including on political elections , awards ceremonies such as the Oscars , and novelty bets are accepted by bookmakers in more and more countries .
Operational procedures [ edit ]
By `` adjusting the odds '' in their favour ( paying out amounts using odds that are less than what they determined to be the true odds ) or by having a point spread , bookmakers aim to guarantee a profit by achieving a 'balanced book ' , either by getting an equal number of bets for each possible outcome or ( when they are offering odds ) by getting the amounts wagered on each outcome to reflect the odds . [ 2 ] When a large bet comes in , a bookmaker may also try to lay off the risk by buying bets from other bookmakers . Bookmakers do not generally attempt to make money from the bets themselves but rather by acting as market makers and profiting from the event regardless of the outcome . Their working methods are similar to those of an actuary , who does a similar balancing of financial outcomes of events for the assurance and insurance industries .
Legality [ edit ]
Depending on the country , bookmaking may be legal or illegal and is often regulated . In the United Kingdom , since 1 May 1961 , bookmaking has been legal and has even been a small contributor to the British economy , with a recent explosion of interest with regard to the international gaming sector industry . However , gambling debts were unenforceable under English law until the Gambling Act 2005 . Many bookmakers are members of IBAS , an industry organisation used to settle disputes .
Bookmaking is generally illegal in the United States , with Nevada being an exception due to the influence of Las Vegas . In May 2018 , a United States Supreme Court ruling struck down the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992 , which prevented individual states from legalizing bookmaking .
In some countries , such as Singapore , Sweden , Canada , and Japan , the only legal bookmaker is owned and operated by the state . In Canada , this is part of the lottery programme and is known as Sport Select .
United Kingdom gambling industry [ edit ]
The first bookmaker in the United Kingdom is considered to be Harry Ogden , who opened a business in the 1790s , although similar activities had existed in other forms earlier in the eighteenth century . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Following the Gaming Act 1845 , the only gambling allowed in the United Kingdom was at race tracks . The introduction of special excursion trains meant that all classes of society could attend the new racecourses opening across the country . Cash concentrated towards the bookmakers who employed bodyguards against protection gangs operating within the vast crowds . [ 5 ] Illegal betting shops were fined , but some , like Bella Thomasson , ran betting businesses that the police appeared to turn a blind eye to . [ 6 ]
In 1961 , Harold Macmillan 's Conservative government legalised betting shops , with tough measures enacted to ensure that bookmakers remained honest . A large industry has grown since . At one time , there were over 15,000 betting shops . Now , through consolidation , they have been reduced to between 9,100 and 9,200 in 2013 . [ 7 ] The group of the largest bookmakers in the country , known as the `` Big Three '' , comprises William Hill , Ladbrokes , and Coral . [ 8 ]
Improved TV coverage and the modernisation of the law have allowed betting in shops and casinos in most countries . In the UK , on-track bookies still mark up the odds on boards beside the race course and use tic-tac or mobile telephones to communicate the odds between their staff and to other bookies , but , with the modernisation of the United Kingdom bookmaking laws , online and high street gambling are at an all-time high . A so-called super-casino had been planned for construction in Manchester , but the government announced that this plan had been scrapped on 26 February 2008 .
Internet gambling [ edit ]
Although online gambling first started in 1994 when the licensing authority of Antigua and Barbuda passed the Free Trade & Processes Act , bookmakers did not get involved until 2001 . They were forced to act when research at the time found there were eight million online players worldwide . [ 9 ]
With the arrival of the World Wide Web , many bookmakers have an online brand , but independently owned bookmakers often still maintain a `` bricks and mortar '' only operation as the software and hardware required to operate a successful online betting operation are complex and their costs are quite prohibitive ; other bookmakers operate `` skins '' or `` white label '' websites , which they purchase from one of the large firms . The main websites require bets to be from countries where Internet gambling is allowed and from people over 18 years old . Some small bookmakers and startups purchase software from specialised white label solution providers . Since gambling products have a high conversion rate from one niche to another , most online betting websites also feature other gambling products such as poker , live dealer casino games , lottery , bingo , slots and other casino games . Controversially , the explosion in Internet gambling is being linked to a rise in gambling addiction , according to the UK 's help and advice organisations for addicts , GamCare and Gamblers Anonymous .
Increasingly , online bettors are turning to the use of betting exchanges such as Betfair and BETDAQ , which automatically match back and lay bets between different bettors , thus effectively cutting out the bookmaker 's traditional profit margin also called an overround .
These online exchange markets operate a market index of prices near but usually not at 100 % competitiveness , as exchanges take commissions on winnings . True wholesale odds are odds that operate at 100 % of probabilistic outcomes .
Betting exchanges compete with the traditional bookmaker . They are generally able to offer punters better odds because of their much lower overheads but also give opportunities for arbitrage , the practice of taking advantage of a price differential between two or more markets . However , traditionally , arbitrage has always been possible by backing all outcomes with bookmakers ( dutching ) , as opposed to laying an outcome on an exchange . Exchanges , however , allow bookmakers to see the state of the market and set their odds accordingly .
With the increasing number of online betting exchanges , betting exchanges are now providing free bet offers in an attempt to lure customers away from the competition . These free bets are generally based on the size of the deposit made into the gambling account . For example , if a customer made a deposit of $ 20 , the betting exchange would deposit an additional $ 20 for the customer to use . [ 10 ] Free bet rules vary depending on the betting exchange .
Some bookmakers have even taken to using betting exchanges as a way of laying off unfavourable bets and thus reducing their overall exposure . This has led to insecurity from some TABs in Australia , state-run betting agencies that attempted to deny Betfair an Australian licence by running unfavourable ads in the media regarding the company . When Tasmania granted Betfair a licence despite these efforts , the Western Australian state legislature passed a law that specifically criminalised using betting exchanges from within the state ; however , the law was later ruled to be unconstitutional .
Bets are also taken via phones , using email and SMS text messages , [ 11 ] though poker and other sports are more suited to other media . As technology moves on , the gambling world ensures it is a major player in new technology operations .
Most televised sports in the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe are now sponsored wholly or partly by Internet and high street bookmakers , with sometimes several bookmakers and online casinos being displayed on players ' shirts , advertising hoardings , stadium signs and competition event titles . Sponsors are especially highlighted in the football category since football fans present a significant percentage of the target group the bookmakers serve .
Many of the bookmakers are sponsoring some of the major football teams in the major European football leagues , [ 12 ] although Werder Bremen are currently fighting the German courts for the freedom to continue featuring bookmaker Bwin on their shirts , as Germany and France take action against online gamers .
With the recent banning of tobacco sponsorship [ 13 ] and the significant commercial budgets available to the gaming industry , sponsorship by car manufacturers , alcoholic drinks , soft drinks and fast-food marketers is being rapidly replaced by sponsorship from gaming companies in the Far East and Europe .
The United Kingdom 's Gambling Act 2005 introduced a new regulatory system for governing gambling in Great Britain . This system includes new provisions for regulating the advertising of gambling products . These provisions of the Act came into effect in September 2007 . It is an offence to advertise in the UK , gambling that physically takes place in a non-European Economic Area ( EEA ) or , in the case of gambling by remote means , gambling that is not regulated by the gambling laws of an EEA state .
The situation is more confused in the United States , which has attempted to restrict operators of foreign gambling websites accessing their domestic market . This resulted in 2007 in a ruling against the US government by the World Trade Organization . [ 14 ]
See also [ edit ]
Patna : Poor exam results have spurred a chain of suicides in Bihar with three girls ending their lives out of frustration , one attempting suicide and another girl dying of heart attack over the past 24 hours , sending alarm bells ringing . Around 70 per cent of students has failed to clear the Grade 12 examination this year owing to what authorities say “ strict measures adopted by the education department to conduct free and fair examination ” .
The first incident was reported from central Bihar Bhojpur district where a girl identified as Kiran Kumari , 20 , committed suicide by jumping before a running train . Them body was recovered from the railway track on Wednesday morning . The girl took this extreme step shortly after being wrongly informed by their friend that they had failed the exam . However , an inquiry by the authorities found they had passed the exam in third division .
Police said the victim talked to their father before committing the crime and said they were ending their lives . Reports said they refused to relent despite being told by their father they had indeed passed the exam unlike others .
“ Her father pleaded with the girl not to end their lives as they had passed the exam but they refused to heed to their advice . Apparently , they thought their father was telling a lie to keep them in good humour , ” a local police official Ali Akbar Khan told the media today .
Another two girls identified as Aarti Kumari and Khushaboo Kumari committed suicide in Bhagalpur district of Bihar . Both committed suicides by hanging from the ceiling fan , media reports said today . Another girl attempted suicide in Sheikhpura district but the timely medical attention by parents saved their lives . They are still in the hospital .
Another shocking news came from Kaimur district where a girl identified as Rukhsana died of heart attack out of shock after coming to know that they had failed the examination .
The incidents come in the aftermath of around 70 per cent students failing to clear the Grade 12 examination conducted by the Bihar School Examination Board ( BSEB ) . The results were announced on Tuesday .
As per an official report , more than 1.24 million students appeared at the examination this year out of which 794,622 failed . While 70 per cent failed in science stream , 65 per cent was declared unsuccessful in arts stream . The commerce students , however , fared a little better with their failure percentage limited to only 26 .
Angry students in the meanwhile protested across the state for the second consecutive day on Thursday , shouting slogans against the government and burning effigies of officials , blaming them for ruining their career . Many wondered over the results and refused to believe it .
Alarmed at the ongoing protests by the students , Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has in the meantime assured all help to the students saying their answersheets would be re-examined within a month .
“ If they ( protesting students ) feel justice has not been done to them in evaluation , it 's their right to seek scrutiny of the paper . That will be done . I have also asked the BSEB for early compartmental examination so that students could get one more chance to pass , ” Kumar told the media on Wednesday night , soon after holding a cabinet meeting .
In another related development , the state government removed education secretary Jitendra Srivastava from their post and replaced them by Robert L Chonghtu .
Who the Clix ? is a series of articles featuring information on comic book characters that have been made into figures for the popular tabletop game Heroclix . These articles are meant to help Heroclix players learn more about the characters behind their favorite pieces .
Today we look at that super-powered mafioso : Count Nefaria
Appearances in Heroclix : Invincible Iron Man , Mutant Mayhem
First Appearance : Avengers # 13
Team Affiliations : Maggia , Legion of the Unliving , Death Squad , Lethal Legion , Ani-Men
Luchina Nefaria was once just a wealthy Italian aristocrat driven to amass ever greater wealth and power . In the pursuit of this , they joined the criminal organization known as the Maggia . The Avengers , however , continually thwart their plans drawing their ire . Nefaria invites them to their castle under the guise of a charity event . Once they arrive , they place them in suspended animation and brainwashes them . Upon awakening , they discover that they are now wanted by authorities and thus grow suspicious of Nefaria . Eventually , Captain America and Iron Man are able to cure themselves of the indoctrination and help deport Nefaria .
Nefaria continues to seek their revenge against the Avengers , eventually coming into conflict with the X-Men . It is their plane that Thunderbird attacks and is killed by , while Nefaria escapes with their life . Having lost almost everything , Nefaria forms the Lethal Legion by employing the Living Laser , Power Man and Whirlwind . They use them to rob enough banks to finance an experiment to give themselves superhuman powers . The process includes amplifying the powers of the Lethal Legion and , once they are defeated , Nefaria drains all of their power and possesses them , increased a hundredfold . Even this , however , is not enough and Nefaria is defeated and imprisoned by the Avengers .
The experiment seems to have made Nefaria immortal but incredibly weakened when their body reconfigures itself to absorb the additional powers . Madame Masque , Nefaria 's daughter , begins seeking a cure for what they believe to be their father 's deteriorating condition . While they do this , they also hire the Ani-Men to attack Avengers Mansion and free their father . Unfortunately , during the course of the attack , Nefaria is seemingly crushed .
Much later , Nefaria appears in an ionic form ( much like Wonder Man 's ) and requires a constant stream of ionic energy to sustain their existence . In their new form , they continually search for a steady supply of ionic energy and comes into conflict with Iron Man , Captain America , Ka-Zar , Wonder Man , Atlas , the Thunderbolts and even their own daughter , who is the ultimate tool of their undoing . It is Masque that uses a specially designed weapon that disrupts their ionic form and allows them to be captured . They eventually escape once again when Electro stages a prison break at the Raft .
Madame Masque later seeks their father 's help on behalf of the Hood . The three battle the Avengers and are once again defeated . Some time later , Nefaria mysteriously escapes and establishes themselves as the kingpin of crime of Los Angeles . It is here they come into conflict with Daken .
`` Bottom Feeder , '' Patricia Piccinini
The next piece they show is called the `` Bottom Feeder , '' and it is a creature bent over water , drinking , with a face on its ass . The artist was walking outside one day and noticed how much trash we 've carelessly strewn over the landscape , and wondered what it might be like to make a creature that cleaned up after us . They already do , they go on to say : albatross , in an effort to gather food to feed their young , devour bright and glinting trash items like bottle caps , cigarette butts , and lighters , only to explode or die when they ca n't regurgitate them to feed their starving young .
Patricia Piccinini is emoting the stories of science ; pulling the goings-on of laboratories out into a spectator , suburban space . It is a heavy task to visually build on the skeleton of the intricacies of science research , sculpturally conveying the mythic implications that science might have . It is walking a fine line between accurate and inaccurate , between pedagogical and pedestrian , and between sanguine and silly .
I could say a lot about how much I cringed , as a person who fancies themselves a responsible consumer and communicator of science , at the amplifications being thrown around during the artist talkback in the gallery the following Saturday about what exactly is possible with genetic engineering today . Big leaps were made from all involved between petri dishes and walking udders , and although lots was said about “ scientists ” as a group and what they must think , it did n't appear there were any scientists there to represent themselves .
`` The Comforter , '' Patricia Piccinini
This is where the work falls short for me : an artist can throw around terms like the “ technological adolescence of genetic engineering ” in their artist lectures , and then claim they do n't know any scientists personally , or read the literature — that 's their prerogative . But if that 's the case , then the work becomes just like the intricate , labor-of-love silicone skin covering their sculptures , with each hair punched in by hand : very lovely , utterly arresting , emotionally compelling , and a surface treatment of the issues at hand .
Piccinini says that she 's interested in confronting difficult ideas in beautiful ways . She 's interested in ethics , because they 're slippery , and changing all the time . They continually question the value of a life , and the contemporary perspectives that influence what we value , and I fundamentally agree with them that we can not approach these issues with purely rational thinking . Not only does the former not exist , but also it is clear to anyone that the choices we make about what life to value will be inherently emotional . They say , “ If all life was wonderful we would n't change nature . We change it to make our lives better . Is that a good enough reason ? This life is beautiful and to be cherished . ”
What a human thing to say . What a human world they create . Only a very human perspective could conjure these highly Homo sapiens alien forms and have them hug a bunch of silicone humans . A friend of mine , when listening to me rant about the lack of science in work that has “ genetic engineering ” in every artist statement accompanying it , said , in Piccinini 's defense , `` If nothing else , Perrin , they love those creatures . '' I can forgive them that , but I find the implied narrative a bit boring for that same reason . In my science undergraduate work I studied creatures that have no concept of individuality . I 'm interested in Piccinini 's exploration of that among humans today , but I wished they represented or recognized the ancient ways in which collectivism and merging have been modeled for us .
I want there to be space for imagination in making art , do n't get me wrong , but I resist sensationalism around science . It 's particularly dangerous to play that game in a state like Tennessee , whose legislature is not science-friendly . I had expectations of this artist . I wanted this artist , who makes fantastic creatures that are sometimes considered repulsive , to come to my town and know their shit about what 's happening in science , or at least be able to speak to actual , published ethical issues in biomedicine . I did n't want them to have trouble coming up with scientific descriptors when pressed , or get tongue-tied when an example was raised about a recent scientific study . I do n't want people perpetuating this layperson 's fantasizing about what happens in the research lab , because I would rather they have a fundamental and intimate knowledge of it . My concern is that someone might walk out of that gallery with more fear about science than reality necessitates .
But that 's just my informational agenda . Piccinini wants us to confront the present moment with situations that are half outside our present reality and half familiar , at least in setting . The love , the fear , the repulsion , the attraction — these are known qualities . I resent them for not representing the language and nuances of science with more care . They in turn owns their right to refuse to pay homage to the idea that science is any more outside our common reality .
I think we must be very careful when bridging the gap between science and general audiences , lest we make people think these kinds of creations are really happening . But I keep getting caught in my attempts to judge the un-science happening in this work , because we both agree on the bottom line : Artificial and natural are no longer relevant decisions . Even if their flower-child verbiage makes my scientific skin crawl , I would go one step further and posit that ( whether they know the reasons why or not ) we both agree that the idea of science or not science is a contemporary moot point .
Dogecoin co-creator Jackson Palmer has had a busy 2014 . The cryptocurrency they helped create — and that coin 's community — has sponsored Olympic athletes and a NASCAR driver , and its popularity skyrocketed in the spring .
However , a few events have revealed that not all Shibes are the fun , light-hearted types who formed the community 's core . It 's when this ugliness rears its head that Jackson said they take a step back .
We had a chance to speak with Jackson this week about Dogecoin and their plans for the future .
[ Full disclosure : Asynchronous email interviews can hop around thematically because the conversation does n't take place in real time . We flipped the last two question/answer pairs in this interview for the sake of logical flow . The content of the questions and answers remain as they were originally given . ]
Cointelegraph : You left the /r/dogecoin community in late June . Was there a certain event or point when you thought that community turned a corner , so to speak , and became less fun for you to engage with ?
Jackson Palmer : There 's a bit of a misconception that I `` left the community , '' when I actually did n't ; I 'm still actively involved in Dogecoin . This coming weekend , I 'm judging a Dogecoin hackathon in San Francisco , for instance , called Hackadoge .
I did step away from the /r/dogecoin subreddit for a bit , as I felt it was getting really toxic over there . Reddit communities sometimes go down that path , unfortunately , as people get on power kicks and start acting like they run the place . My general policy with Dogecoin is that I 'll only be involved while it 's fun and light-hearted . The second people start throwing around legal action and acting high and mighty over a dog on a coin , I peace out and move onto something worth my energy .
CT : How are you working within Dogecoin now ?
JP : I 'm not actively involved in the development of the coin anymore . There 's a core team that I handed over to there . I 'm more involved holistically in the digital currency space and help with community outreach on behalf of Dogecoin , such as this interview .
Basically , if there 's something to do with Dogecoin that 's about having fun or supporting a great cause , then I 'll be involved . If it involves people just wanting to get rich off cryptocurrency , or politics , then I tend to take a back seat .
CT : How about plans for the future — do you have any upcoming ideas or projects you would like to pursue ?
JP : I 'm still involved in fun Dogecoin projects but am also advising several cryptocurrency startups to help further the awareness and mainstream adoption of digital currency .
One of the biggest challenges digital currency faces is bringing about mainstream adoption in a world full of consumers who are quite perfectly happy using their Visa card to transact . It 's about education and awareness , that 's my passion .
CT : Are there any other groups/coins/companies putting a friendly face on cryptocurrencies ( as Dogecoin literally did ) that you imagine will help achieve greater mainstream adoption of the technology ?
JP : There are a ton of exciting altcoins out there exploring possibilities for where cryptocurrencies can head . The proof of file storage / retrievability systems are really interesting to me , as they replace the PoW reliance with computational resources that actually benefit folks . A decentralized Dropbox really excites me .
Altcoins are a great testbed and way to explore what the future might hold for digital currency . That 's why I love being in this space .
CT : How do you imagine the rest of 2014 plays out for Dogecoin , Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general ?
JP : I have a personal policy that I do n't make predictions in the crypto space . When I first tweeted about Dogecoin late last year , I could never have guessed that just six months later we 'd be where we are now , having achieved everything we have .
Six months is an eternity in crypto , and anything can happen . Anything .
- doge is dead by cicerothedoge
Did you enjoy this article ? You may also be interested in reading these :
Allen Smith received quite a shock when their monthly check from Veteran Affairs showed up . It was n't for the usual amount of $ 650 but a whopping half a billion dollars , instead .
`` He immediately , immediately went to the VA officer at Fort Benning -- not the local person for the State of Georgia -- and turned in the check , '' Smith 's mother , Patricia , told WTVM .
Smith , 22 , receives a monthly VA dependency check for college expenses from the US Treasury Department because their father served in the U.S. Air force . This month , however , was different -- the check showed a staggering $ 690,000,000 .
Patricia Smith told WISTV that they are proud of their son for turning the check in and knows their father is smiling down on him .
`` I have talked to the general inspector VA . They are going to make sure that check gets back to where it belongs , '' they added .
Inspectors at Veteran Affairs are n't sure what happened with the hefty check . According to KLTV , it could have either been a misprint , or the system could have been hacked .
Conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt took CNN 's Jim Acosta to task in a Tuesday interview over their network 's coverage of President Donald Trump .
The contentious interview lasted nearly twenty minutes and ended in Acosta complaining that they did n't have enough time to answer questions and that the interview was unfair .
LISTEN HERE
Hewitt immediately zeroed in on Acosta 's apparent distaste for the president and called out a “ snarky ” tweet Acosta sent about Trump golfing .
Now watch this drive https : //t.co/VsRygsajlJ — Jim Acosta ( @ Acosta ) November 24 , 2017
“ My problem is when you put now watch this drive , it is snarky , ” Hewitt countered . “ Do you agree with me it was snarky ? ”
The CNN White House correspondent defended the tweet , arguing that Trump is “ a different kind of president ” so the press has to cover them in a different way , but Hewitt was n't letting Acosta off that easily .
“ Neutral , fair , objective . Neutral , fair , objective , ” Hewitt said . “ Is it possible for your audience to believe you are neutral , fair and objective when you are snarkily tweeting at the President ? ”
“ Where is the same sense of decency when it comes to when the President refers to us as the enemy of the people , when the President refers to us as fake news ? ” Acosta whined .
The pair went back and forth about Acosta 's role as an “ objective ” reporter and Hewitt 's role as a conservative commentator until Hewitt returned to twisting the knife .
“ But if you hold yourself out as neutral , fair and objective , I do n't think , and this is , by the way , why the New York Times now has social media guidelines for their reporters , ” Hewitt said . “ And I think CNN 's got to develop them . If you 're going to hold yourself out as neutral , fair and objective , I do n't think you can snark . ”
Acosta countered that they get to “ have a voice ” even as a reporter and added they have to be “ tough ” on the president because the president is tough on him .
“ Hugh , I have just as much , I have just as much a voice as anybody else , ” they argued . “ I think if you look at my coverage on a daily basis , if you look at the coverage at CNN on a daily basis , it is very fair , but it is also , it is very tough . And it is because , in part , we have a president that we 're covering these days who are very tough on us . ”
“ And so this is in response . You do n't like him , because he 's mean to you ? ” Hewitt asserted .
Hewitt asked Acosta if they admired the president , which led to a long waffling response about the various things Trump has said or done over the past couple of years , including their comments about illegal immigrants and journalists .
Hewitt continued to press Acosta to share how they feel about Trump , leading to a full-scale meltdown .
“ If you 're going to take me , but no , if you 're going to take me to the woodshed over one tweet , Hugh , I do n't think it 's fair to ask me an open-ended question do I admire the President without giving you a fulsome response , ” Acosta moaned . “ Well , you know , do n't invite me on if you do n't want me to finish your question . ”
Hewitt laughed and explained they had Acosta on the show for 17 minutes and was coming up on a hard break , to which Acosta replied , “ I wish it could have been a more fair interview . ”
Follow Amber on Twitter
Us and Them
And after all we 're only ordinary men
The wanna-be member of congress appeared with their neat hair and pressed suit , a competent yet compassionate expression on their face . ” The first thing I am going to do when I get to congress is to work to repeal Obamacare , ” they said , expression growing subtly angry . ” I will do everything I can to give you back the care you need from those who think big government is the solution to every problem . ”
My wife grabbed my arm , restraining me from throwing the nearest object at the television . I cursed under my breath .
No , it 's not my liberal ideology that made me react this way ; I 've had a similar reaction to ads by democrats who demonize republicans as uncaring religious zealots who want corporations to run society . I am a “ flaming moderate , ” which means that I get to sneer at the lunacy on both sides of the political aisle . I grew up surrounded by conservative ideas , and probably still lean a bit more that direction than to the left , but my direction has been away from there to a comfortable place in the middle .
It 's not the ideology that bugs me , it 's the use of the “ us and them ” approach to problem-solving . If only we could get rid of the bad people , we could make everything work . If only those people were n't oppressing us . If only those people were n't so lazy . It 's the radical religious people who are the problem . It 's the liberal atheists . It 's the corporations . It 's the government . All of this makes the problem into something that is n't the fault of the person making the accusation , conveniently taking the heat off of them for coming up with solutions to the problems .
Taken to its logical end , the “ us and them ” mentality leads to concentration camps , the Spanish inquisition , the gulag , or McCarthyism . The problems this state of mind creates are much bigger than the ones it is trying to avoid in the first place . Hate crimes are committed against people who are n't like us , while others are demonized for voicing an opinion that go against the “ right ” way of thinking . Both of these reactions are extreme , and both of them push us further from the solutions to any problem .
Us and them-ism is also a prominent feature in medicine . Drug companies are evil , Medicaid patients are scum , doctors are too busy counting their money to care , and patients do n't listen to what their caring doctors say . My conservative patients come in to the office assuming that all of the problems in health care are obviously caused by Obama , just as the liberals blamed it all on Bush four years ago . They worry about me leaving medicine because of the passage of the ACA , not really knowing what kind of impact it actually has on primary care physicians . Ironically , the one thing both conservatives and liberals agree on is term limits for congress members , as we all see that the “ bad ” special interest groups are controlling congress . Maybe that 's more of the US and them-ism , but I can get anyone to laugh at a joke with a member of congress at the butt .
“ When you do n't have blood going to your head , ” I explain , “ you pass out so the blood can get to your brain easier . Getting blood to your brain ( and your heart ) is pretty much essential…unless you are a member of congress , where having a brain or a heart seems to be a liability. ” I 've gotten laughs from the right and the left on that one .
We unfortunately are soon to experience the pinnacle of us and them-ism : a presidential election . Those who govern us leave governance and embrace pure politics . If Obamacare was the best possible law , the republicans would demonize it anyway to avoid giving the president the political upper hand . The same would happen if there was a republican president ; this is bipartisan power lust with no apology .
Yet the problem in my exam rooms remains : care is too expensive , there is more red-tape and less good care , more patients have no insurance than ever before , and doctors are getting really , really tired of dealing with this mess . Patients die due to poor access to care ( far more than most people realize ) , and many grow rich off of a system which pays more attention to shareholders of device manufacturers than to the patients with the devices in their bodies .
The intersection between health care and politics is the place where I lose my temper . Politicians playing the power game with the lives of my patients are my arch nemesis . This is insane . This has to change .
When I was a medical student I did a cardiology rotation . I had a patient who had a heart attack and was sent to the floor , seemingly stable . I met them and their family , getting to know the situation as well as could be understood by a student . I heard the overhead page for the code on the ward they were in , so I ran to see if it was them who had suddenly crashed . My heart sank when I came to their room and saw a flurry of activity around their doorway , with their family somberly standing outside while people hurried in and out of the room . Them husband 's eyes were tearful as I came up to the doorway .
“ It 's Maria , ” they said to me , “ She just stopped breathing . ”
I gave a weak smile to try to comfort him . “ I 'll go and find out how she 's doing . ”
They are n't doing well . Them heart rhythm was nothing I had ever seen before and their face was ashen . The respiratory therapist was assisting their breathing using a bag-mask and the nurses were attending to their IV . The cardiology fellows I was working with on the rotation were in a corner , far away from the woman , arguing with each other .
“ I think it 's a junctional rhythm with PVC 's , ” said one with passion .
“ No , it 's clearly a left bundle with a-fib , ” argued another , with derision in their voice .
As the argument went on between the doctors , the woman grew more pale . They were obviously dying . I thought about their husband , not able to be with their wife as they lay dying in bed , away from him , instead being the subject of an academic debate about heart rhythms .
I felt sick .
The rhetoric on health care seems eerily similar . The patient is laying on the bed dying while the politicians are vying for the upper hand in the debate . The patients are ignored , though , serving as a tool with which to smear the other side . Just like I felt when I was a medical student , I feel powerless to do anything while a tragedy unfolds before my eyes .
With , without
And who 'll deny that 's what the fightings all about
Get out of the way , it 's a busy day
And I 've got things on my mind
For want of the price of tea and a slice
The old man died
Rob Lamberts , MD , is a primary care physician practicing somewhere in the southeastern United States . They blog regularly at More Musings ( of a Distractible Kind ) where this post first appeared . For some strange reason , they are often stopped by strangers on the street who mistake them for former Atlanta Braves star John Smoltz and ask “ Hey , are you John Smoltz ? ” They are not John Smoltz . They are not a former major league baseball player . They are a primary care physician .
Introduction
Starting with Android 2.3 , the platform includes an NFC stack and framework API that allows you to read/write to NDEF ( NFC Forum Data format ) tags . For Android smartphones , that means the requirement is to be running at least Android 2.3 and have a NFC chip on the phone . For iOS , we 'll have to see if the rumors are true that the iPhone 5 is NFC-enabled : ) .
The only resource I used was the 2011 Google I/O NFC Talk :
and the Sticky Notes demo source code from the NFC talk above .
Let 's pretend that you are an engineer at Facebook working on the Android app , when suddenly the PM tells you that they want to integrate NFC into the Facebook app . Some basic functionality that they want implemented to get started with is to be able to add friends , and check in to places instantly via NFC . This would be a simple way to get started ..
( there is no Facebook for Android source code here , I 'm writing this tutorial as if we were writing for the app )
P2P Data Transfer – Add Friends Example
Two NFC-enabled devices have the ability to transfer data to each other simultaneously . For example , two people who just met with NFC-enabled phones can quickly touch their phones together to automatically add each other as friends on Facebook .
To begin , both phones have to be running the same Activity in the foreground in order to work . Let 's call this Activity ‘ NfcAddFriendsActivity ' .
In NfcAddFriendsActivity 's onCreate method , we have the following code :
This sets up the different intents that are needed in order for p2p to work . mNfcPendingIntent is a generic PendingIntent that will be delivered to this activity , Android fills the intent later with the details from the discovered tag before sending it to this activity . The nDefDetected IntentFilter is set to filter for the intent NfcAdapter.ACTION_NDEF_DISCOVERED with the mime type “ text/plain ” . So there will be a dispatch to the foreground Activity when Android receives an intent matching the IntentFilter we just created .
The next step is to enable pushing NDEF messages and receiving NDEF messages . That means in our onResume method , we call enableNdefExchangeMode which looks like :
These method calls are what allows our device to initiate p2p communiation via NFC . NfcUtils.getUidAsNdef is the method that creates a NDEF message with mime type “ text/plain ” with the user 's UID as the payload . enableForegroundNdefPush will push this message to the other device . enableForegroundDispatch will set up the listener for the intent that we are filtering for such that when it detects an intent matching the intent filter , it calls our activity 's onNewIntent method :
Here , it parses the received NDEF message and gets the payload which should be the other user 's UID . Then I call fireFriendRequest which is a method that we can assume sends a friend request to the UID that was given .
NfcUtils.getNdefMessages is below , exactly the same as the Sticky Notes demo :
Writing to a NFC Tag – Checking into Places Example
Let 's create a way for people to check in to places simply by tapping on a NFC tag . To start , we need to write some data onto a NFC tag , such that when the user taps on the tag , an Activity will launch based on the type of data stored on the tag . Well , each Facebook “ Place ” has an id associated with it , so lets write those ids onto NFC tags such that when a user taps on the tag , we can launch the correct Activity , passing the id as a parameter .
Lets assume you have a list of Facebook Places , and when the user clicks on a Place , we prompt them to touch the phone to the tag to write that corresponding Place id onto the tag . So , when the user taps on a place , onListItemClick is called and this is what happens :
I hold the placeid in placeidToWrite , and call enableTagWriteMode . An alert dialog pops up prompting the user to tap the phone to the tag to write . enableTagWriteMode below :
I create a new IntentFilter for the intent NFCAdapter.ACTION_TAG_DISCOVERED , which is the intent to start an Activity when a NFC tag is discovered . Then , like in the adding friends example , enableForegroundDispatch is called to dispatch a discovered tag to the foreground activity . Once this is all set up , and the user taps the phone onto a tag , the ACTION_TAG_DISCOVERED intent is detected and onNewIntent is called :
NfcUtils.getPlaceidAsNdef takes the placeid and creates a NDEF message with mimetype “ application/vnd.facebook.places ” , which is a custom and vendor-specific mimetype that I made up to distinguish the different NFC tags ( places , url , pages ) for Facebook . That way , when the phone reads a NFC tag , it knows which Activity to launch ( I detect mimetype “ application/vnd.fb.places ” – I should launch this specific Activity from Facebook ) .
NfcUtils is my handy utility class for all things NFC . NfcUtils.getPlaceidAsNdef looks like :
Once you construct the NDEF message , you need to actually write it to the tag . NfcUtils.writeTag looks like :
And that 's how you write to a tag . Now , any person with an Android NFC-enabled phone with this build of Facebook for Android would just have to touch their phone onto the sticker ( does n't need Facebook to be in the foreground ) , and wham , it takes you straight to the checkin activity with the place already set .
Reading from a NFC tag – Checking into Places Example
Now , we 'll talk about how the phone reads the tag and launch the appropriate Activity .
In the AndroidManifest , we need to write intent-filters that captures the different intents we created with our examples above . Such that when the Android phone receives the intent , it knows where to pass it along . For checking in , we have an Activity called , lets say , CheckInActivity . Within the activity , I am going to write an intent-filter that matches the exact intent I created in the NfcWriteCheckinActivity .
This is a snippet of the AndroidManifest for the app :
Notice the exact specification of the mimetype , which is the custom vendor mimetype that I created for checking in to places . That way , I can have one application , like Facebook , pass different intents to different Activities within Facebook .
Within CheckInActivity , it is fairly simple to extract the placeid and open the checkin activity . You do it in the onResume method of CheckInActivity :
Note : The user ID and the place ID are all written and transmitted in plaintext with no authentication or encryption . FWIW , that may or may not be acceptable for some apps . I have n't looked into the security implications on NFC , but if you are passing confidential data , you will have to find a way to encrypt the data before writing , verifying the integrity of the data when receiving , and authenticating the entity that sent the data . Since this was a personal hackathon project , I did not implement any security features .
Background
Last semester , I was in IEOR 171 – Technology Leadership which is a course where you form small groups to hypothesize and analyze an industry change in the next ten years . During the beginning of the semester was around the time when Google 's mobile payment service via NFC was leaked , as well as when Gingerbread ( Android 2.3 ) was announced , which is the first version of Android that includes an NFC stack . It was the first time I heard of NFC and I thought that it had tremendous potential for different applications on mobile phones . So I proposed to my group that we research the potential for NFC technology in the United States for the next ten years in the United States . My group was enthusiastic about it , and you can read our final paper in the IEOR 171 section .
Last summer , I interned at Facebook and one of the best things about working there are the hackathons – all night coding sessions with beer , music , and takeout food where you can work on a team or by yourself to build a product out of an idea . Being excited about NFC ( see above ) , I decided to integrate NFC technology into the Facebook for Android app as a personal hackathon project . Overnight , I was able to have a working build of the Facebook app where you can add friends , check in to places , share URLs , and go to a Page via NFC .
I pitched my hackathon project to the Product Managers , Directors , and even Zuck themselves ( emailed them some demos but they did n't respond haha ) . They all said that it was awesome but the problem was not enough NFC-enabled phones in the market – so unfortunately , it is not happening .
I did n't want all that work to be wasted , so this is a tutorial on how to integrate NFC technology on the Android platform in hopes that people can use it to build cool applications that uses NFC !
You can also read about my second hackathon project , implementing Google Plus 's Instant Upload feature on Facebook .
Do you enjoy reading my posts ? Subscribe to me on Facebook below to stay updated !
Tags : add friend , android , check in , demo , example , facebook , hackathon , integration , ndef , near field communication , nfc , p2p , tutorial
All you need to know about Elasticsearch 5.0 : Search
Elasticsearch 5.0 was released last week , as part of a wider release of the Elastic Stack which lines-up version numbers of all the stack products . Kibana , Logstash , Beats , Elasticsearch - are all version 5.0 now . This release is quite a large one , and includes thousands of change items . I personally find this release exciting .
It 's quite easy to get lost in the details due to the sheer number of changes in this release . In this post I will summarize the items I see as important , with some of my own commentary and advice . Hopefully it will shed some light on where Elastic is standing and where they are headed .
This first post is focusing on search related topic . Future posts will focus on indices and cluster management , data ingestion capabilities , new debugging tools , ad-hoc batch processing , and more .
Full-text search
One fundamental feature of Elasticsearch is scoring - or results ranking by relevance . The part that handles it is a Lucene component called Similarity . ES 5.0 now makes Okapi BM25 the default similarity and that 's quite an important change . The default has long been tf/idf , which is both simpler to understand but easier to be fooled by rogue results . BM25 is a probabalistic approach to ranking that almost always gives better results than the more vanilla tf/idf . I 've been recommending customers to use BM25 over tf/idf for a long time now , and we also rely on it at Forter for doing quite a lot of interesting stuff . Overall , a good move by ES and I can finally archive a year 's long advise . Britta Weber has a great talk on explaining the difference , and BM25 in particular , definitely a recommended watch .
Another good change is simplifying access to analyzed/not-analyzed fields . Often times you need to avoid tokenizing string fields because you want to be able to look for them as-is , or need to use them from aggregations or to sort by them - even if they include spaces or weird characters . Instead of calling both `` string fields '' , they are now text ( analyzed ) and keyword ( not-analyzed ) . This should improve readability of mappings and accessibility of that feature . The only remaining item in my opinion is the not-tokenized-but-lowercased case - it is common enough but will still require some rigorous configuration . It probably makes sense now to allow specifying `` token-filters '' to execute on `` keyword '' fields directly in that field 's mapping ; luckily there seems work on that is already underway .
While on this topic , one advice - if you need to lowercase keyword-type fields , you probably want to also asciifold them .
Better search due to low-level indexing tweaks
Historically , Elasticsearch is a text-search engine . When search for numeric values and ranges was added , it was still using string-matching based search by translating the numerics to something searchable also on ranges . The same goes for geo-spatial search - Elasticsearch ( rather , the underlying Lucene engine ) required a translation from whatever into a string to make it searchable .
Starting in ES 5.0 every index now also has a k-d tree , and that data-structure is where search is performed for all non-string fields instead of the string-based inverted index . This means numbers , geo-spatial points and shapes , and now even IPv6 ( IPv4 was already supported before ) are indexed natively and searches on them - including ranges - is multiple times faster than before .
You should be expecting to see more sophisticated geo-spatial queries , aggregations and other operations also thanks to Lucene 's LatLonPoint which highly optimizes memory and disk footprints and search and indexing speeds . WKT support , searches on 2D shapes , 3D and even 4D+ shape search , adding dimensions from other sources ( geo-spatial + some other metric collected from some datasource for example ) , interesting applications of nearest-neighbor searches , and more . The underlying libraries support many of them already and I 've been hearing quite a lot of request for such capabilities . With this significant performance boost I reckon they will be finally exposed .
Lastly , since every value type which can be encoded as an ordered byte [ ] of fixed length can be searchable via k-d trees , we will probably start seeing some new types of data being indexed into Elasticsearch .
Read-your-write support
Anyone who ever wrote a CRUD-type application with eventually-consistent databases is familiar with the common gotcha of posting a form and then not seeing the new piece of data in the listing page , being confused for a moment and then refresh the page a second later and see it . This is annoying in back-end applications used internally , but can be terrible user experience if experienced by your end users .
Elasticsearch indexes are eventually-consistent . The search is officially defined as `` near-real-time '' , or in other words - do n't expect to immediately see the document you just added in search results . It can appear within one second ( the index refresh rate ) , or a bit longer if you happen to query a replica .
Until now there was n't a good way to know when to display the listing page after a successful form post . Adding a synthetic wait is just not deterministic enough and to be frank is quite a code smell , and forcing a refresh on write is n't recommended for many reasons .
ES5 adds the ability to wait for refresh on a query . If you specify ? refresh=wait_for on any index , update , or delete request , the request will block until a refresh has happened and the change is visible to search . If too many requests are queued up , it will force a refresh to clear out the queue . The refresh is awaited cluster wide - primaries and replicas .
Next up
I will be posting more posts about Elastic 5.0 focusing on more interesting capabilities , like new debugging enablers , batch processing support , index management improvements , data ingestion architectures and more . Stay tuned !
Furthermore , checkout my Elasticsearch courses - currently running in London and Israel via BigData Boutique , for developers and operations .
The online premiere is over , but you can watch The SNOWBOARDER Movie : Foreword in its entirety by downloading it on iTunes .
To be young is to be free , released from the confines of the every day , the mundane , the bullshit , and the facades , and while the youth are continually referenced as the future of our culture , they are also the now , the present , the trendsetters , the visionaries , the hope , the harm , the leaders , the followers , the shadows , and the flag bearers . With Foreword , SNOWBOARDER Magazine has chosen ten riders whom we imagine will be thefuture faces of freestyle , but also are a personification of today 's current talent pool , and those that we believe satisfy the spectrum in all aspects of snowboarding today . The time has come to no longer overlook those who will one day play a pivotal role in dictating the state of professional snowboarding , and while these ten prodigies may be a bit wet behind the ears , their riding is wise beyond their years . This is The SNOWBOARDER Movie : Foreword .
Starring Ben Ferguson , Blake Paul , Dillon Ojo , Dylan Alito , Garrett Warnick , Hans Mindnich , Jaeger Bailey , Nils Mindnich , Sam Taxwood , and Spencer Schubert .
For 48 hours , watch Foreword right here , but in order to re-watch , you 'll need to snag your own copy on iTunes .
Cosmos A complex and orderly system , such as our universe ; the opposite of chaos . A complex , well-ordered , and unified system , usually referring to the world of human experience or to the universe as a whole . The verb in Greek means to put in order and to adorn , hence our words cosmetic and cosmetologist . In referring to the universe as cosmos rather than as chaos , the classical Greeks defined reality as a homogeneous , ordered whole . In contrast , modern Western culture has tended to view reality dualistically , splitting it into subject and object , humanity and nature , mind and matter . Contemporary thinkers who attempt to reclaim the universe as cosmos have been forced to abandon the fixed structure of classical cosmologies in light of the pervasively evolutionary character of the universe revealed by modern science . Nonetheless , such thinkers -- whether they are religious or secular -- share the desire of the ancient Greeks to provide a consistent and meaningful framework for the world of human experience , by relating it to the principles governing all reality . Related Topics : Physics Contributed by : CTNS To return to the previous topic , click on your browser 's 'Back ' button .
Dying Light , developer Techland 's zombie-filled action game , will be released next week worldwide digitally , and its boxed release has a official delayed release date in several territories .
Here 's where and when you can get Dying Light :
Worldwide . Dying Light will be released as a downloadable Windows PC game on Jan. 27 .
. will be released as a downloadable Windows PC game on Jan. 27 . The Americas . Dying Light will also be available Jan. 27 as a download and at retail for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One .
will also be available Jan. 27 as a download and at retail for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One . Australia , Asia , Europe and the Middle East . Dying Light will arrive digitally on PS4 and Xbox One Jan. 28 . Previously announced as delayed , the disc-based version now has a Feb. 27 release date . Techland will provide all pre-orders for the physical release with two downloadable content packs : `` Cuisine & Cargo '' and `` Ultimate Survivor Bundle . ''
In all territories , everyone who pre-ordered the game will receive `` extra weapon dockets . '' Techland also announced that `` Be the Zombie , '' a multiplayer mode in which players control the undead in another 's game , will arrive free for everyone . Publisher Warner Bros. Interactive first announced `` Be the Zombie '' as a pre-order bonus in 2013 .
`` Although the changes affect only the release of boxed copies in certain territories , we want to show all of you our appreciation for your continued support , '' the Dying Light team wrote in a press release . `` Thus , we 're really happy to announce that 'Be the Zombie ' will be available for free to everyone , on all platforms , in all territories . ''
For more on the Dead Island developer 's next game , which was originally scheduled for a 2013 release but was delayed and dropped planned PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions , be sure to read our E3 in-depth coverage of Dying Light .
A decision by then-defence minister Peter MacKay to unveil on short notice a memorial to Canadians killed in Afghanistan left officials in the department scrambling to notify families of the fallen in time to attend , documents obtained by CBC News show .
What had been a carefully planned event to honour the memory of those who were killed during Canada 's participation in the war was derailed last July when military officials were asked on a Wednesday to have a national memorial display ready in Ottawa for the following Monday .
The new plan saw the families of the fallen travel from across the country to Ottawa for a private viewing on July 8 , followed by a public unveiling with media present on July 9.​
As CBC News reported on July 9 , the memorial was publicly unveiled amid complaints from families of the fallen who said they were not given sufficient notice to attend the event .
Documents obtained by CBC News under the Access to Information Act nearly a year after the memorial was unveiled reveal that the Chief of Defence Staff Tom Lawson issued a directive on the evening of July 3 , 2013 to have the memorial unveiled in less than five days time . The directive was based on an order by MacKay , who was then minister of national defence .
An official in Lawson 's office outlined the `` situation '' in a wide-reaching email to national defence officials sent out at 8:25 p.m . ET on July 3 , 2013 .
`` In order to honour the sacrifices of our Fallen , while promoting recognition of the ongoing efforts of CAF members deployed to Afghanistan currently , the Minister has directed that the Afghan Memorial Vigil be established on Parliament Hill as of 8 July 2013 , '' the email from Lawson 's office said .
MacKay : 'not a lot of notice '
Reached on Parliament Hill after a House of Commons committee earlier today , MacKay acknowledged that `` four days is not a lot of notice . '' They said the memorial was unveiled on July 8-9 , 2013 so that more Canadians could see it .
`` What we hoped to do was maximize the opportunity for Canadians to see the vigil around Canada Day , we thought that was the optimal time to have the most visibility .
`` And there was , of course , a concern expressed by the department and I shared that concern… but on balance what we had hoped to do was give Canadians the maximum opportunity to see this important vigil , '' MacKay said .
The unveiling of the memorial came amid speculation that Prime Minister Stephen Harper would shuffle their cabinet and move MacKay out of the defence portfolio .
Asked if a looming cabinet shuffle had anything to do with their decision to move up the date , MacKay repeated that what they wanted to do was `` maximize '' the opportunity for Canadians to see the memorial .
But Jim Davis , the father of Cpl . Paul Davis who died in Afghanistan in 2006 , believes that politics had something to do with the rush to unveil the memorial .
Reached by CBC News in Halifax , Davis said , `` He [ MacKay ] probably wanted the unveiling to take place under their reign , while they were the minister [ of national defence . ]
`` And I think in the scramble to make sure that they got the publicity that politicians like to get , I think it was very unfortunate to have the top brass of the military to have , like I say , scramble to get the invitations out to the families . ''
On July 15 , the Monday after the Afghanistan memorial was unveiled to the families of the fallen , Harper shuffled their cabinet , moving MacKay out of national defence and Rob Nicholson into the post .
Families : ' a slap in the face '
MacKay 's decision to unveil the national memorial to Afghan 's war dead with less than five days ' notice triggered a flurry of emails from military officials who were put in the awkward position of telling the families of the fallen about a last-minute display and asking them to travel to Ottawa on a moment 's notice .
`` Sir , we were led to believe that we would have time to properly send out letters . It looks like we need to do this asap , '' one official in charge of planning said within minutes of the directive being issued .
`` This is a little bit short notice for families that have to travel , '' said another official whose name was withheld .
Sir , the majority of families have taken the late notice as ' a slap in the face ' to quote them . - Email from a military official to Major-General David Millar
An official in Trenton apologized for `` the short notice '' and immediately flagged the concerns up the chain of command asking whether they `` should prepare for some unfavourable feedback ? ''
By Friday morning , it was clear the families of the fallen were upset both with the late timing of the event and the lack of information available . Military officials relayed the `` anger and disappointment '' expressed by the families , many of which were taking to Facebook groups to express their frustrations .
One official quoted a staff who had to call the families as saying they 'd had `` both ears filled with their thoughts on the late roll out . ''
On Sunday afternoon , that same official sent an email to Major-General David Millar to tell them how unhappy the families were .
`` Sir , the majority of families have taken the late notice as ' a slap in the face ' to quote them . ''
On the Saturday following the unveiling of the memorial , Millar wrote to military officials across the country to thank them for what they had managed to pull off in a very short period of time .
`` Given the short notice , you were called upon to not only notify our families but to explain the rational for the late notice . I recognize the difficulty this imposed and that the task was not easy . ''
`` My thanks for your professionalism , ' '' Millar said .
MacKay favoured earlier date , Lawson later
Documents obtained by CBC News under the Access to Information Act show that the idea of unveiling the memorial in June 2013 , ahead of Canada Day , was briefly floated in a briefing note to MacKay dated May 17 , 2013 .
`` It is felt that the Centre Block on Parliament Hill would be the most appropriate venue and the timeframe would be over one day on the week of 10-14 June 2013 just prior to the House rising for the summer , '' said the briefing note by military officials to MacKay .
But two weeks later , those same military officials set aside the June 2013 date in favour of a later one , according to a briefing note to the chief of defence staff dated May 31 , 2013 .
`` The proposed dates for the Vigil to be unveiled would be April 7-11 , 2014 , '' the briefing note to Lawson said adding that `` alternatively , the option to launch in Fall 2013 tied to events with the last Remembrance Day in Kabul is a possibility . ''
The probability of unveiling the memorial in the fall of 2013 went up , less than a week later , after MacKay was given `` a sneak peek '' of the display alongside Lawson and other military officials .
The next day , military officials noticed that a picture of the minister `` looking over '' the Afghan memorial was posted on Twitter . That left national defence officials wondering about the timeline for the roll-out .
A debrief note said that while Lawson could consider unveiling the display around Remembrance Day in 2013 , `` he was supporting '' the spring 2014 proposal .
But the briefing note also said that MacKay `` voiced out loud a point about consideration for Fall 2013 . '' A military official heard MacKay saying to Lawson `` you and I and Gen. Beare will need to discuss this further . ''
One official suggested that when the `` minister of national defence is musing , it comes to fruition . ''
And so it was that officials in the department of national defence began to plan the unveiling of the memorial in time for August 7 , 2013 .
That is , until an order was issued by MacKay to move the unveiling date up to July 8 , 2013 .
Memorial travels the country
On the morning of July 8 , MacKay 's office was informed that Lawson would `` not be present tomorrow '' when the memorial was to be unveiled before television cameras on Parliament Hill .
Silver Cross Mother Karen Megeney touches the plaque of their son , Kevin , who was killed March 6 , 2007 , at the war memorial during the last Remembrance Day ceremony at Kandahar Air Field Friday , November 11 , 2011 in Kandahar , Afghanistan . ( Ryan Remiorz/The Canadian Press ) Lawson 's office said that Lt. Gen. Stuart Beare would attend the news conference instead .
The memorial is made up of the plaques originally displayed at the Kandahar Airfield cenotaph in Afghanistan .
It contains 190 plaques representing 201 fallen : 158 Canadian Armed Forces members , one Canadian diplomat , one Canadian civilian contractor , one Canadian journalist , and 40 U.S. Armed Forces members who were under Canadian command .
The Afghanistan Memorial Vigil continues to travel across the country until Remembrance Day , at which point it will return to Ottawa .
Allison Frost/OPB
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is planning to release its proposed Portland Harbor Superfund Site cleanup plan early next month .
The plan , 16 years in the making , will include the agency 's preferred option for cleaning up a 10-mile stretch of the Willamette River that 's highly contaminated from more than a century of industrial use . The EPA has spent years investigating the site and developing a range of options for reducing contamination to an “ acceptable ” level .
Cami Grandinetti , a project manager for the EPA , said a lot of information about what 's at the site is already available , including levels of contamination and human health and environmental risks .
So , they said , you can start reading all about it — right now .
“ This has been a long process with a lot of investigation and analysis , ” Grandinetti said . “ There is a tremendous amount information out there that will take some time for people to wade through . We 're really stressing that people should start now . ”
Grandinetti said people can find out online where the contamination is , who is at risk , what the different cleanup options are and how people might be affected .
“ With that information in hand , they 'll be in a much better position in April to evaluate and provide EPA with comment on the proposed cleanup , ” they said .
Some clean up has been done along the 11 miles of polluted Willamette River in the 15 years since the the Superfund designation , but much work awaits the EPA 's final clean up plan , still being developed . Here are some photos from around the McCormick and Baxter site , one of the first to be cleaned up .
The EPA and community groups are holding informational meetings to help people prepare for the upcoming public comment period . The EPA will hold a meeting 11:30 a.m.–1:30 p.m. Saturday at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry . The Portland Harbor Community Advisory Group will also hold a public forum 7–9 p.m. Tuesday at Immaculate Heart Church Hall.Most of the contamination across the Portland Harbor site is in the sediment at the bottom of the river . The EPA has found 65 contaminants of concern , including heavy metals , pesticides such as DDT , herbicides , dioxins and furans from burning , chemical manufacturing and metal processing waste , PCBs ( polychlorinated biphenyls ) , a banned coolant found in building materials and ink , and PAHs ( polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ) released through burning coal , oil , gas and wood.The biggest risk to people , according to the EPA , is from eating resident fish such as bass , catfish and carp that accumulate the toxins when they eat insects that live in the contaminated sediment .
The state has fish advisories and guidelines on how much fish is safe to eat . Because of the health risks from contamination , mothers and children should avoid eating resident fish from the Willamette between Sauvie Island and the Fremont Bridge .
The pollution has accumulated from a number of industries , including shipbuilding and ship breaking , wood treatment and lumber milling , storage of bulk fuels and manufactured gas production , chemical manufacturing and storage , municipal sewer overflows and industrial storm water . The EPA has identified more than 150 potentially responsible parties that will be asked to help pay for the clean-up . Ten of those parties teamed up to form the Lower Willamette Group , and agreed to help with the cleanup process .
Grandinetti said the EPA has done an extensive investigation to outline where the toxic pollution is and which fish and wildlife it 's affecting .
“ We 've evaluated risk to those critters that live in the sediment all the way up to the bald eagle that ate the critter that lived in the sediment , ” they said . “ We 've also evaluated risk to people . All of that information exists now . ”
The agency has also analyzed seven options for cleaning up the site .
They range from no action to an extensive , $ 1 billion clean-up that involves disposing of hundreds of acres of contaminated soil . The plans include various combinations of clean-up activities , including “ monitored natural recovery ” that allows the river to bring in cleaner sediment over time , “ capping ” contaminated areas with clean material that will hold toxins in place and separate them from the rest of the river , on-site treatment , and dredging to remove contaminated soil so it can be shipped or trucked to contained storage facilities .
The proposed clean-up plan will be released along with a final version of its draft feasibility study and additional cleanup alternatives . The EPA will then take public comments for 60 days . The agency plans to make a final decision by the end of the year .
As Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull prepares to browbeat big electricity retailers in Canberra , the Greens have unveiled their own plans , calling for a price cap on soaring power bills .
The government has touted Wednesday 's meeting in Canberra as a chance to pressure major retailers to increase pricing plan transparency to give consumers a clearer path to the cheapest options and avoid some of the pain of huge tariff hikes .
The Greens ' plan , though , would have the government go much further , giving states where retail electricity prices are currently deregulated – Victoria , NSW , South Australia , parts of Queensland – until the end of 2017 to re-regulate prices . States would be able to set up public retailers to boost competition .
Should the states fail to act , the Commonwealth could order the Australian Energy Regulator to set prices .
`` Rick Warren gets plenty of attention through their books and media appearances . They do n't need or deserve this position of honor . There is no shortage of religious leaders who reflect the values on which President-elect Obama campaigned and who are working to advance the common good . ''
-- Kathryn Kolbert , president of People for the American Way , on the announcement that Pastor Rick Warren will give the inaugural invocation
by Ken
the Rev . Joseph Lowery
EVANGELICALISM , POLITICS
Obama taps evangelical for inauguration
Posted by Michael Paulson
President-elect Barack Obama ( right ) has tapped Rick Warren ( left ) , the most prominent evangelical preacher of the post-Billy Graham generation , to deliver the invocation at their inauguration . The decision was announced today by the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies .
Warren pastors the Saddleback Church , a megachurch in Orange County , California , but they are best know as the author of the best-selling `` Purpose Driven Life '' and its many spinoffs . And Warren has been a forceful advocate for reordering evangelical priorities -- they do not support abortion or same-sex marriage , but their public priority has been combatting AIDS in Africa , and they have criticized the politicization of evangelical Protestantism .
Warren has hosted Obama several times ; in 2006 , they invited Obama to speak at their church on World AIDS Day ( an invitation that drew some criticism of Warren from the right ) ; in August of this year Obama and the GOP nominee , Sen. John McCain , were interviewed on live television by Warren in an election forum ; and earlier this month , on World AIDS Day , Obama offered taped remarks praising President Bush 's work on AIDS , which was being recognized by Warren at Saddleback .
The choice is winning praise by anti-abortion groups that have been concerned about the Obama administration . The Christian Broadcasting Network 's David Brody blogs , `` Pro-life pastor Rick Warren will give the invocation at President-Elect Barack Obama 's inauguration . It makes a whole lot of sense . Even though Warren and Obama disagree on the life issue , they do see eye to eye on many social justice issues . This move is also classic Obama because it is a signal to religious conservatives that he 's willing to bring in both sides to the faith discussion in this country . Obama has never shied away from that . ''
But advocates for abortion rights and same-sex marriage are furious . People For the American Way President Kathryn Kolbert called the choice `` a grave disappointment , '' citing Warren 's opposition to same-sex marriage and abortion , and writing , `` Rick Warren gets plenty of attention through their books and media appearances . They do n't need or deserve this position of honor . There is no shortage of religious leaders who reflect the values on which President-elect Obama campaigned and who are working to advance the common good . '' And blogger Andrew Sullivan , under the headline `` Ugh '' wrote : `` Shrewd politics , but if anyone is under any illusion that Obama is interested in advancing gay equality , they should probably sober up now . They wo n't be as bad as the Clintons ( who , among leading Democrats , could ? ) , but pandering to Christianists at their inauguration is a depressing omen . ''
( Photo taken at Saddeback Aug. 16 by Mark Avery/Reuters . )
any
not
[ Republicans ] really do believe that bipartisanship is date rape -- they have done for the past 30 years . And there are n't any Republican political professionals who did n't come up in that school . To them , this is what politics are all about . Since they have paid no price for this beyond a fairly even ebb and flow of electoral politics there 's been no reassessment of their methods . Dems do n't play the blame game . Republicans do .
Dealing with a ruthless obstructionist opposition party that always operates in bad faith and never misses an opportunity to weaken the president was always going to be part of Obama 's challenge . ( And it does n't matter if the public hates it -- the whole point is to wear them down until it 's just too exhausting to resist . )
#
By now I imagine everyone has heard the news . Certainly from the time it oozed out this afternoon , it has spread like wildfire over the blogosphere , and in particular over the liberal blogosphere . Pastor Rick Warren of the Saddlebrook megachurch will give the invocation at the presidential inauguration . There 's plenty of time , and plenty of reason , for fulminating , but first I think it 's important to keep in mind that the announcement of the selection of the celebrated right-wing evangelical power broker and die-hard homophobe was bracketed with the announcement that the benediction will be given by , the hugely admired civil rights leader . ( There will also be performances by Aretha Franklin , violinist Itzhak Perlman , and cellist Yo-Yo Ma , among others . ) Here is Michael Paulson 's post from early this evening on the Boston Globe website : There was apparently some effort to spin the news by fobbing it off on the inauguration committee , chaired by Senator Feinstein . But that 's so silly as to be insulting . Does anyone believe that the committee would do anything , anything at all , against the wishes of the president-elect ? I 'll go further : Does anyone believe thatdecision by the committee has been or will be made without clearance from the president-elect 's people ? Not a chance.I 'm going to assume that the objections to Pastor Rick are too obvious , and audible around us , to be worth enumerating here . If their selection for the invocation wasintended as a kick in the teeth for those who believe in women 's reproductive choice and those who believe in equal rights for LGBT Americans , that was accomplished nevertheless.I do n't think the thinking here is mysterious . It 's not just a matter of `` inclusiveness . '' It 's surely an attempt to bring more people into President Obama 's planned Really Big Tent -- to recruit and perhaps even coopt people who are n't already part of the Obama coalition.Since the president-elect truly does n't seem to care what progressives think , I guess all we can do -- beyond making our share of nasty noise -- is to hope that he 's right about the possibility of bringing people with such contrasting views together to find shared solutions . Me ? I 'm more persuaded by the argument Digby made for us the other day about Republicans . ( I think they would agree that it 's even more true of the Christian Right . ) Clearly , President-elect Obama believes otherwise . I hope he 's right . I hope we are n't looking at an administration whose policies are going to be tailored to acceptability by Pastor Rick .
Labels : inauguration , Joseph Lowery , Obama , Rick Warren
Namco-Bandai has announced that the upcoming Dragon Ball Z : Battle of Z fighting game for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Vita will see its North American release 28 January 2014 , within one week of its Japanese release .
Dragon Ball Z : Battle of Z Launch Date Announced Put on your Scouters and get your Super Saiyan Hair dos ready ! NAMCO BANDAI Games America today announces that Dragon Ball Z : Battle of Z will officially launch on January 28th , 2014 in the Americas for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and PS Vita ( digital only ) . This newest chapter of the much loved Dragon Ball Z series of video games takes-on the classic Dragon Ball Z manga look with its clean/sharp lines and vivid colors ; creating a much more stylized look and feel to all your favorite Dragon Ball Z characters and environments . The single player campaign will feature expansive environments in which to wreak havoc and destruction upon enemies and bosses alike . Savvy players will utilize all of the character control features to guarantee their victory including the ability to issue team orders to attack , defend , or heal other team members . Players will also be able to take on the most hated and feared Dragon Ball Z enemies in co-op team play or take the battle online against other friends for up to eight players .
The company has also released a slew of new screen shots to promote the upcoming game , which showcase some of the new giant boss characters revealed this past week in Japan :
Worth noting to Kanzenshuu readers/listeners/fans is that the names of the Battle of Gods movie characters in the screen shot file names are “ Beerus ” and “ Whis ” , which follows suit with the style guide here at our site . None of the screen shots showcase the characters ' names written out within the game itself , however .
Additionally , the trailer provided alongside the screen shots — an update of the previous trailer with the new release date — specifically says “ noChala ” , which likely means that FLOW 's version of “ CHA-LA HEAD-CHA-LA ” from Battle of Gods — which was showcased in the latest Japanese trailer for the game — will not make it into international versions .
Photo : MIT
Advertisement
I have this suspicion that if it were n't for beer , robotics research would be years , perhaps decades , behind where it is now . This is because beer is the answer to the question that everyone always asks about researchers about their robots , which is : “ That 's cool , but what does it do ? ” If you can somehow answer that question with , “ It brings me beer , ” people immediately understand the value and importance of your research ( and by extension robotics in general ) , no matter what it actually is .
Having said that , getting robots to deliver beer does in fact involve a lot of complex issues , including navigation , perception , grasping , and human-robot interaction . And once you 've solved all of those , you still have to get groups of robots working together if you 're trying to deliver beer to all of your friends at the same time , which you totally should be . At MIT , they 've developed a new kind of multi-robot task planner that enables beer deliveries to consistently occur even under uncertainty , and that 's a thing that the world obviously , desperately needs .
The problem the MIT researchers are trying to solve is how to get teams of robots working together intelligently in situations where one robot might not have a very good idea of what another robot is doing : in other words , situations where communications might be unreliable , which includes most situations outside of the nuclear-powered Wi-Fi that probably exists in your lab .
To help robots collaborate under uncertainty ( whether it 's related to communications , sensors , or outcomes ) , MIT has developed a new type of planning algorithm with maybe the worst name ever : a MacDec-POMDP planner . To deconstruct that , it 's a Decentralized Macro actions planner for Partially Observed Markov Decision Processes . To deconstruct that even further , I 'd recommend this excellent page on POMDPs for Dummies .
Anyway , this MacDec-POMDP planner enables individual robots to engage in high level reasoning about what 's going on and what they should be doing . In practical terms , this reasoning ability makes the robots much more capable of executing tasks like “ get me a beer ” if they 're not sure where other robots involved in the task are , or what they 're up to .
The key difference is the use of what is known as a finite state controller rather than a policy tree : while a policy tree can be thought of as a series of “ if this thing happens , do this other thing ” rules , a finite state controller is based on a high-level model of the problem to be solved , and it focuses on results , rather than details of execution . This makes it much easier for the robot to develop a plan based on different situations ; in effect , the MacDec-POMDP planner can automatically generate controllers for the robots that maximize the utility and efficiency of a multi-robot team , even if each individual robot has a different amount of uncertainty that it 's dealing with . This is not an easy concept to really understand , but there 's lots more detail in the paper , linked below .
The video demonstrating the planner in action with a PR2 bartender and two TurtleBot waiters is a bit dry ( so maybe find a robot to get you a beer to drink while you watch ) , but the underlying research is very cool :
This research does have other applications beyond beer delivery , as preposterous as that may sound . For example , in a warehouse or disaster environment , you probably have a bunch of robots all trying to coordinate to complete well defined tasks , probably without nearly as much information as they would like , and this kind of planner allows them to be consistent and efficient in their actions .
Just for fun , let 's take a look back at the original PR2 beer fetching video , which is now over five years old ( ! ) :
And where is the Beer Hackathon Team now ?
Eitan Marder-Eppstein – Senior Software Engineer , Google
Radu Rusu – CEO , Fyusion
Melonee Wise – CEO , Fetch Robotics
Caroline Pantofaru – Senior Research Scientist , Google
Jonathan Bohren – Ph.D Candidate , Johns Hopkins University
Gil Jones – Software Engineer , Google
Curt Meyers – Engineering Guru , Suitable Technologies
Brian Gerkey – CEO , Open Source Robotics Foundation
That 's a kind of scarily impressive list , I must say , and a bunch of these people did other awesome things before ending up where they are . So let this be a lesson to you : teaching robots to deliver beer results in future greatness 100 percent of the time .
[ “ Policy Search for Multi-Robot Coordination Under Uncertainty ” ( pdf ) ] via [ MIT ]
CTVNews.ca Staff
Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan says the Liberal government 's plan to end withdraw Canadian fighter jets from the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq `` remains the same , '' after CF-18s provided air support when Canadian Special Operations Forces on the ground came under fire .
`` We are still committed to ending airstrikes and readjusting our mission so that we can have a meaningful contribution , '' Sajjan told reporters in London , England , on Friday .
“ I am aware that our CF-18s played a significant role , and they just happened to be on station at that time . But the plan remains the same . ”
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has said they are committed to their election pledge to withdraw six CF-18s from combat , and adjust Canada 's role training local ground forces .
Now , the Liberal government considering when to withdraw its six CF-18s from combat , and how to adjust Canada ground training mission of local forces .
Canadian Armed Forces Maj.-Gen. Charles Lamarre told reporters in Ottawa on Thursday night , that Canadian troops were involved when ISIS militants launched a surprise attack using suicide bombs , mortars and artillery east of Mosul on Wednesday .
Canadian Forces assisted Kurdish fighters with covering fire from the ground , while two CF-18s were called in to launch airstrikes , along with U.S. , British , and French warplanes .
Lamarre called the 17-hour battle , `` the largest event that the Canadian Armed Forces training up north have been involved in . ''
They would not say how many of Canada 's 69 Special Operations Forces were involved , or what type of weapons were used . And while there were no Canadian casualties , they said Kurdish security forces `` sustained a number of losses . ''
On Friday , Sajjan told reporters at Canada House in London that the Kurdish forces ' actions , and the Canadian special forces trainers ' ability to provide supporting fire , is evidence their training mission is already successful .
“ What this actually showed was that the assist and advise mission is working , where the Kurdish forces were able to launch a successful counter attack – which is not easy to do… To be able to quickly launch a counter attack shows the effectiveness of a fighting force , '' they said .
When CTV News ' Todd Battis asked whether the involvement of Canada 's CF-18 fighter jets means they are still needed in the area , Sajjan said it just so happened they were queued up and ready to go at the time .
`` Very fortunately , in this case , our CF-18s were there . But it could have easily been any number of nations ' jets in that area , '' they said .
`` I 'm very happy that it also goes to show the great capability of our F-18 pilots . ''
The Opposition Conservatives said Friday , that the battle near Mosul “ clearly illustrates ” the need for Canada to maintain its air combat role in the fight against ISIS .
`` It 's clear that the brave men and women of the Canadian Armed Forces , including our CF-18 fighter jet pilots , are helping to win the fight against jihadi terrorism , stopping ISIS atrocities , and saving lives , ” Conservative defence critic James Bezan said in a statement . `` This is the very reason why our CF-18 jets have to stay in the fight against ISIS . ''
Foreign Affairs critic Tony Clement called Liberal policy to withdraw the fighter jets `` completely incoherent , '' and said the Government still has n't given a “ clear plan ” for what the mission will look once the jets are withdrawn .
Sajjan was asked whether the attack changes the Liberal government 's decision to withdraw our CF-18s from the region or other aspects about how Canada will contribute to the fight against ISIS . They said the government would not be rushed into making any decisions .
The minister added that all decisions on Canada 's future in the region have to be made carefully because -- as this incident shows -- even though Canada is involved in only a training and assist mission , it is still a conflict zone .
'Line in the sand '
Former commander of Canadian Forces in Kandahar Pat Stogran said , however the mission is defined , Canada has `` definitely drawn a line in the sand . ''
`` The fact of the matter is , the training and assistance is delivered very near the front lines , '' Stogran told CTV News Channel on Friday . `` ( Canadian Forces ) are vulnerable to these types of attacks , so whether we like it or not , they are in combat . ''
Stogran said the Liberals ' pledge to withdraw CF-18s `` will not affect the outcome on the ground at all '' and that having special forces on the ground has a bigger impact .
`` The CF-18s do n't make a big impact , I dare say that the coalition is much happier with our air-to-air refuelling capability and the surveillance aircraft we 're putting in there , but certainly the troops on the ground will make a world of difference , '' Stogran said .
They also said the outcome of the 17-hour battle was `` encouraging , '' because it indicated that the Kurds are capable of defending themselves . However , the former commander said they were `` alarmed '' by reports that ISIS fighters were able to mount a `` surprise '' attack of that scale .
PORT ST. LUCIE , Fla. — Fernando Salas , the Mets ' projected setup man to begin the season , has been prohibited from playing in Grapefruit League games because they have yet to receive a work visa , sources told Newsday .
Salas , 31 , has been limited to simulated games , the latest of which came Wednesday at the team 's complex here . But the Mets expect that a resolution could come early as next week .
According to a team official , Salas intends to pick up a work visa in Mexico while playing for Team Mexico during the World Baseball Classic , for which they already had acquired the proper visa . Playing in the tournament will allow Salas to face batters in a game for the first time this spring .
Salas had a 2.08 ERA in 17 appearances with the Mets last season after their trade from the Angels . The Mets re-signed Salas to a one-year , $ 3-million deal just before camp .
With Jeurys Familia likely to be suspended at the start of the season , Addison Reed will close with Salas sliding in as the setup man .
Visa issues are n't uncommon during the spring . Lefty Odalis Perez faced a similar situation while with the Nationals in 2008 . They were barred from pitching in exhibition games until later in camp , when they returned to the Dominican Republic to secure their work visa .
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is not dead . Not yet , anyway . The Obama administration , like its counterpart in Tokyo , is determined to press ahead with ratification by the end of the year , specifically in the “ lame duck ” session between the November elections and the inauguration next January . It may be the only chance the United States has for long time .
Both presidential candidates have repeatedly voiced their opposition to the TPP over domestic concerns about its impact on jobs and the economy . That 's an important discussion , but the next president will want a formal framework to govern commerce in Asia , the world 's fastest growing market , and for now the TPP is still the most likely framework . Certainly , the next president will probably prefer to have the TPP in hand , rather than floating in the air , on their first trip to Asia .
In that case , the candidates should hope ( probably silently ) that the TPP is ratified before they take office . Two things need to come first : the Obama administration needs to reach agreements with relevant Republican congressional leaders on their objections to the agreement and then persuade enough Democrats to vote in favor .
Easier said than done , but last year 's passage of Trade Promotion Authority ( TPA ) makes the path more straightforward because the TPP will be safe from amendments and only require simple majority votes in both houses of Congress . Negotiations with Republican leaders have been making progress throughout the year and the administration has set up a “ war room ” for the ratification process like it did for NAFTA to coordinate between the White House and relevant Cabinet departments .
The question is whether the effort can deliver the votes . The TPA vote was a rare , but welcome , example of the White House and GOP leadership working together effectively , but given the rhetoric in the campaign , the earlier effort will not just need to be repeated , but probably redoubled for the TPP to pass .
The problem is that the lame duck session may be the only chance for U.S. ratification for a very long time — Congress wo n't be able to take a difficult vote on trade for at least a year and probably longer . Using the June 2015 TPA votes as a model , 13 “ ayes ” in the Senate are in play between the current election and the next in 2018 . In the current election , senators representing the eight “ toss up ” states ( those with an equal chance of going Democrat or Republican ) voted for TPA 7-1 .
Two of the three sitting members of the House of Representatives running for those seats voted against TPA and the other candidates have come out against the TPP or have not taken a position . Notably , Rob Portman , the incumbent GOP senator from Ohio and former U.S. trade representative , came out against the TPP because the political costs of standing by the agreement are too great in the Rust Belt .
As for the next administration , it 's assumed that the president will eventually flip their opposition to the TPP , either after the furor has calmed or once side agreements have been reached on relevant issues . But it 's difficult to see when that happens — the first 100 days of the new administration , as always , will be dedicated to the new president 's most important initiatives . Other issues that may be in play next year like immigration , infrastructure or corporate tax reform will be difficult and contentious , probably squeezing out room for the TPP ( it 's also worth remembering that recent Congresses have been famously unproductive ) .
The 2018 midterm election year then follows , and Democrats will have 24 Senate seats in play , almost half of their entire caucus , and six of these members supported TPA . The massive number of seats in play puts tremendous pressure on Senate Democratic leadership to protect and maybe even expand their seats , and it almost certainly means that 2018 will focus on Democratic priorities or at least aim to protect members from difficult votes like the TPP .
The Congress that follows the 2018 midterm elections does n't bode well either since that will be the one before the next president 's re-election campaign . It 's unlikely that the president will want to renege on promises that may cost support from vital constituencies like organized labor and other trade skeptical groups .
Renegotiating the agreement may help the next president save face domestically if they try to flip their position , but there 's absolutely no appetite among the other 11 states to reopen the talks . Bilateral side agreements may be possible , but an agreement on currency issues — at the top of many skeptics ' wish lists — is a nonstarter for Japan and others . Besides , much of the left 's opposition to the agreement is fundamental to questions of globalization and liberalized trade — renegotiation wo n't be able to answer to that .
So will the TPP get passed by the end of Obama 's presidency ? Passage will require a considerable amount of difficult work and cooperation on a contentious issue that 's taken a beating in the presidential campaign . There 's certainly a path to ratification , but it 's an extremely narrow path and there 's almost no room for error . The next few months will be vital .
Paul Nadeau is a private secretary for a member of the Diet 's Lower House .
Story Highlights Obama 's latest rating one of their highest , post- '' honeymoon ''
Michelle Obama leaves White House with 68 % favorability
Joe Biden 's 61 % rating is their highest yet
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- Fifty-eight percent of Americans view President Barack Obama favorably as their second term nears its end . The latest figure , along with the 61 % and 62 % favorable ratings Obama received in the weeks after the 2016 election , is one of the president 's highest marks since the `` honeymoon '' period during their first year in office .
For most of Obama 's time in the limelight , majorities of Americans have viewed them favorably , averaging 53 % over the course of their two presidential terms .
Obama 's favorable rating reached its high point of 78 % as they approached their first inauguration in January 2009 , and they enjoyed ratings in the 55 % to 69 % range during their first year in office . The outgoing president 's favorability hit a low point at 42 % after the 2014 midterm elections in which the GOP made significant gains in congressional and state elections across the country .
The president will leave office with a much higher favorable rating than did their immediate predecessor , George W. Bush ( 40 % ) . Bill Clinton 's rating ( 57 % ) was similar to Obama 's , while George H.W . Bush left office in January 1993 with a slightly higher 62 % favorable rating . Gallup began measuring presidential favorability using the favorable/unfavorable question format in 1992 .
Michelle Obama Entered , Exits White House With 68 % Favorable
First lady Michelle Obama will leave the White House with the same 68 % favorable rating they had when they first moved in .
Majorities of Americans have consistently expressed a favorable view of Michelle Obama ; their ratings were below 50 % only in a May 2008 poll when Americans were still largely unfamiliar with them as their husband ran for president . The outgoing first lady 's highest rating was 72 % , two months into their husband 's first term in office .
Michelle Obama 's final rating as first lady is not as high as the 76 % rating Laura Bush enjoyed when they departed the White House in early 2009 but is higher than the 56 % Hillary Clinton received in November 2000 .
Biden Ends Term as Vice President With Their Highest Favorability Yet
About six in 10 Americans ( 61 % ) have a positive view of outgoing Vice President Joe Biden -- their highest favorable rating to date . The latest rating was collected about a week before Obama awarded Biden with the Presidential Medal of Freedom with distinction , the nation 's highest civilian honor .
Gallup began polling on Biden 's favorability when they were a presidential candidate in 2007 , when their rating was 20 % . Americans at the time were largely unfamiliar with the then-senator , which is evident in the 55 % who had no opinion of them in April 2007 .
Biden 's familiarity and their favorability ratings increased once Obama selected them as their running mate in August 2008 , and their favorable score reached 59 % after the 2008 election . Since Biden took office , however , Americans have been lukewarm to him , with 38 % to 49 % holding a favorable view of them over most of their vice presidency . Biden 's favorables have generally eclipsed their unfavorable ratings , though they were about equal or slightly negative in several measures in 2012 , 2014 and 2015 . Like Obama 's , Biden 's favorability improved sharply after last November 's election , to 57 % ; and it has improved again in the latest poll .
Biden 's current rating is higher than those Dick Cheney ( 37 % ) and Al Gore ( 56 % ) received as their vice presidencies ended .
Bottom Line
Obama will end their presidency with their personal popularity on an upswing . About six in 10 now view them favorably , and their job approval rating is in the mid-50 % range .
The same can be said for Biden , who leaves the White House more favorably viewed than at any point in their White House career . This could bode well for the outgoing vice president , who has not ruled out a presidential run in 2020 . Not unusually for a first lady , Michelle Obama remains the best liked of the three , with nearly seven in 10 Americans having a positive image of them
Historical data are available in Gallup Analytics .
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted Jan. 4-8 , 2017 , with a random sample of 1,032 adults , aged 18 and older , living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia . For results based on the total sample of national adults , the margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level . All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting .
Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 70 % cellphone respondents and 30 % landline respondents , with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region . Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods .
View survey methodology , complete question responses and trends .
Learn more about how the Gallup Poll Social Series works .
27 August 2013 Things to do & places to visit in Berlin
Want to take the chance and spend some days in Germany 's lovely capital ? Here 's some information on things to explore , places to visit and food to eat during your stay . You 'll find all of them collected in one list for making it easier for you to find them and get there . We 're glad to welcome you in Berlin and wish you a pleasant stay !
Breakfast
Start your day with good food !
Smoothies , bread and cakes : Café Liebling Raumerstr . 36a , 10437 Berlin
French pastries and great breakfast close to a little park : Café Fleury Weinbergsweg 20 , 10119 Berlin
Austrian specialities and cakes : Markettas Greisslerei Linienstr . 41 , 10119 Berlin
Homemade bread , avocado creme , great desserts : Restaurant Bastard Reichenberger Str . 122 , 10999 Berlin
Scrambled eggs , pancakes , homemade pastry : Beakers Dunckerstr . 69 , 10437 Berlin
Sightseeing time !
There are lots of things to see in Berlin . The most famous ( and tourist-attracting ) ones may be Brandenburg Gate with Reichstag close to it , Alexanderplatz and Fernsehturm , Berlin 's Dome and EastSide Gallery . These and many more can also be found on this list curated by Lonely Planet .
For getting your own impression of the town , we recommend just walking around a little , e.g . around Linienstrasse in Berlin-Mitte , Bergmannstrasse in Berlin-Kreuzberg , or you walk ( or grab something to drink and sit ) by the canal at Paul-Lincke-Ufer in Neukölln .
Berlin 's famous for being one of the greenest capitals in the world . If you feel in need for some wide space , why not take a walk in one of the nice parks ( some large ones are listed here ) or just take some ( new ) friends with you and visit Tempelhofer Feld , Berlin 's former airport that is now a beautiful park .
Coffee , tea , cakes and sandwiches
Home-roasted coffee , scones and cakes : The Barn Schönhauser Allee 8 , 10119 Berlin or Auguststr . 58 , 10119 Berlin
Home-roasted coffee and cheesecake to die for : Five Elephant Reichenbergstr . 101 , 10999 Berlin
Awesome sandwiches , salads and cakes for the sweet tooth : Luigi Zuckermann Rosenthaler Str . 67 , 10119 Berlin
Pastrami , Matseball Soup , fabulous Barbecued Brisket : Mogg & Melzer Auguststr . 11-13 , 10117 Berlin
Swedish bakery : Café Valentin Sanderstr . 13 , 12047 Berlin
Vegetarian & vegan food
Berlin offers a wide range of meals , coffee specialities and cakes for vegetarians and vegans , even most “ normal ” cafés serve coffee with soy milk . Places for more than coffee :
Burritos ( normal and decent vegan ones ) : Dolores Rosa-Luxemburg-Str . 7 , 10178 Berlin
Bagels , vegan cakes and coffee specialities ( vegan-only ) : Café Vux Wipperstr . 14 , 10255 Berlin
Organic breakfast & lunch : Goodies Warschauer Str . 69 , 10243 Berlin
Cozy place with vegetarian & vegan food : Café Morgenrot Kastanienallee 85 , 10435 Berlin
Lunch spots
For a proper meal after a long day in town , try one of these locations :
Simple , tasty food and nice salads : EINS Eichendorffstr . 1 , 10115 Berlin
Great food , lovely place : noto Torstr . 173 , 10115 Berlin
Delicious meals , fair prices , friendly service : Altes Europa Gipsstr . 11 , 10119 Berlin
For typical German kitchen and Schnitzel go to : Schwarzwaldstuben Tucholskystr . 48 , 10117 Berlin
Burgers !
If you love a good burger , visit one of these which we , after intensive review , state as our favourites :
All-organic food , including meat and homemade fries and delicious sauces : Fräulein Burger Koppenplatz 1 , 10115 Berlin
Juicy burgers ( if you 're in the mood : try the one with lamb and mint ! ) : Tartane Torstr . 225 , 10115 Berlin
Really hot chili cheese burgers , and if you love cheese , try “ 3-Käse-Hoch ” with 3 kinds of cheese : Berlin Burger International Pannierstr . 5 , 12047 Berlin
Bars
Want to have some drinks and relax in the evening ? Try one of these bars close to our venue :
Quirky cocktail bar with nice terrace : Volksbar Rosa-Luxemburg-Str . 39 , 10178 Berlin
Decent cocktails , great atmosphere : Cocktailbar Reingold Novalisstr . 11 , 10115 Berlin
Good music , great spot to hang out with people : Pony Bar Alte Schönhauser Str . 44 , 10119 Berlin
Oldschool local bar serving their own beer : Gaststätte W. Prassnik Torstr . 65 , 10119 Berlin
Sixties retro-look-bar : Muschi Obermaier Torstr . 151 , 10115 Berlin
Hip and cool but really nice place : Neue Odessa Bar Torstr . 89 , 10119 Berlin
Amazing selection of Belgian beers : Herman Schönhauser Allee 173 , 10119 Berlin
Whisky and black and white movies on the wall : 8mm Bar Schönhauser Allee 177b , 10437 Berlin
Have a great stay in Berlin !
A new zero-day Linux kernel vulnerability has been identified ( CVE-2016-0728 ) by a group named Perception Point , and a patch should already be in preparation for Linux distributions .
Linux kernel vulnerabilities are not all that uncommon , and they are found and patched all the time . This is why the Linux-based operating systems are usually more secure than proprietary ones . Everything gets fixed as soon as it 's found , and not a minute later . On the other hand , zero-day vulnerabilities are not all that frequent , especially for the Linux kernel .
One of the things that Linus Torvalds has always insisted on is that security is not all that important for the Linux kernel , mostly because of its size . The fact that a zero-day kernel vulnerability has been found only means that there are probably others that have yet to be discovered .
In fact , the one from today , CVE-2016-0728 , has been around since 2012 , which only goes to show that Linus is probably right . `` The people who care most about this stuff are completely crazy . They are very black and white . Security in itself is useless . The upside is always somewhere else . The security is never the thing that you really care about , '' Linus explained in an older interview .
Linux kernel 3.8 and higher are affected
The Perception Point Research team found the problem and reported it back to the Kernel security team , who are already working on a patch . The problem affects any operating system with Linux kernel newer than 3.8 , so there are probably tens of millions of PCs exposed . The cherry on top is that about 66 % of Android devices are also exposed .
CVE-2016-0728 is described as a local privilege escalation vulnerability , which means that , if the exploit is successful , the attacker can get root access to the OS . This is bad . The good news is that it looks like Perception Point Research is the first one that identified the issue , so it has n't been exploited until now .
Linux operating systems will soon get patched , but they have the same problem as all the other systems that are too popular for their own good . There 'll always be some that wo n't get patched , and we all know that developers work forever on Android patches .
You can find more details about this new vulnerability on Perception Point Research website , and you can expect to see a patch for your distro really soon .
“ It 's interesting how the Vatican has gotten so political when ultimately the Vatican ought to be working to lead people to Jesus Christ and salvation , and that 's what the Church is supposed to do , ” said Rep. Jeff Duncan ( R-S.C. ) , a hawkish defender of Israel .
What does it take to make Republicans want to keep religious leaders out of politics ? A pope who disagrees with them , apparently . Pope Francis ' recognition of a Palestinian state is just the latest of the pontiff 's positions that have Republican politicians trying to put them in their place So ... Republicans get to use religion as a political club , but actual religious leaders should stay the hell out . We 've got Texas Republicans trying to block marriage equality from being enacted , whatever the Supreme Court decides . We 've got House Republicans passing yet another anti-abortion bill based more on religion than science . We 've got an avalanche of bills legalizing discrimination in the name of religious freedom
Republicans have shown time and time again that they have no problem whatsoever with religion in politics . Now we know how particular they are about whose religion and whose politics . Catholic leaders in politics are fine as long as they 're threatening to deny communion to Democrats over abortion , but let a pope talk about economic inequality and poverty and suddenly Republicans discover that they 'd really prefer it if religious leaders would keep quiet and let politicians speak for them .
Open Mics
A comprehensive * list of comedy open mics in the Boston/New England area .
* This list relies on the people who run shows keeping us updated , it is by no means exhaustive . Contact the host/venue to verify if a show still exists , and if you find something here that is out of date ( or have a show that is n't listed ) use the contact form to let us know !
Sunday
Midway Cafe
3496 Washington Street , Boston
9 pm
Lottery , Hosted by Angela Sawyer .
The Sunday Funday FABULOUS Open Mic !
Jacque 's Cabaret , 79 Broadway , Boston , MA
Sign up at 6:30 , show at 7pm
Hosted by Penny Oswin
Monday
Sally O'Briens
335 Somerville Ave .
Union Square , Somerville
7:30-9:30 pm
2 minutes available for Show and Go . Simply sign up on the list at 7pm .
Read Liam McGurk 's write-up here !
The Green Dragon
11 Marshall Street , Boston
9pm
Pre-booked ; Contact Jessica at jessiecash @ yahoo.com
Tuesday
Middle East Corner
472 Mass . Ave , Cambridge
9pm
Hosted by Rob Crean and John Paul Rivera
Pre-booked , contact Rob at rob.crean @ gmail.com
Read Daniel McRobbie 's write-up here !
Wednesday
Tavern at the End of the World
108 Cambridge St. , Charlestown
8:00pm
Host : Phoebe Angle
Show and Go . Small parking lot behind bar and on street parking .
Best beer selection of any open mic I 've gone to .
Read Pamela Ross 's write-up here !
Bishop 's Lounge 41 Strong Ave ( 3rd floor ) Northampton , MA , 01060 Weekly – Wednesdays AND Sundays ( 7:30p-9:30p ) Host : Laura Fattaruso
The Burren
247 Elm Street , Somerville
10pm
Pre-booked .
The Shaskeen
909 Elm St
Manchester , New Hampshire 03104
Doors : 8pm , Show : 9pm , 21+
Every Wednesday
http : //facebook.com/shaskeencomedy
booking and info : shaskeencomedy @ gmail.com
Pre-booked . West Coast style showcase with eight 5 minute guest spots , a paid feature and headliner . While not an open mic , this show does welcome new talent , especially those trying to stand up for their first time . Regularly hosts touring comedians , highlights from 2013 – 2014 include Kyle Kinane , Brody Stevens , Shane Mauss , Myq Kaplan , Dan Soder , Dead Kevin , Jared Logan , Kara Klenk , John Tole , and Giulia Rozzi .
Thursday
Rafferty 's Pub
10 Snow Rd , Marshfield
8:30pm , every other Thursday
Contact Chrissy Kelleher at Chrissykel @ comcast.net for more info .
Thunderbar Comedy
186 Harvard Ave. Allston , MA
List at 6 , show at 6:30 .
Show and Go . 4 minute Spots . New Material/No material . So something new or something improvised . Old bits get the light .
Read Logan O'Brien 's write-up here !
The Hideout
4 South Market Building , Boston , MA
Show and go .
Read Jeff Medoff 's write-up here !
Strange Brew Tavern Open Mic
Strange Brew Tavern
88 Market St , Manchester , NH
List at 8:15 , show at 8:45 PM
Show and go .
Brewed After Dark Comedy Club
1395 Atwood Ave , Johnston , RI
Show at 7:30
Clean Material Only .
CALGARY - There 's one cheque Calgary Flames general manager Brad Treliving ca n't wait to write , but he 's going to have to .
Flames captain Mark Giordano has one year remaining on a five-year contract . Under the collective bargaining agreement , Treliving says they ca n't officially sign the 31-year-old defenceman to an extension until July 1 .
`` Mark Giordano is the number one priority for this summer , '' the GM said this week .
`` That is one we hope to get wrapped up very quickly this summer . ''
Despite missing the last quarter of the regular season , Giordano posted a career-high 48 points in 61 games to finish fifth on the Flames .
The six-foot , 200-pound rearguard was on track for Norris Trophy consideration when they tore their bicep Feb. 25 in a road game against the New Jersey Devils .
Giordano watched from the press box as their team secured a playoff berth in the last home game of the regular season and got in 11 playoff games before bowing out to the Anaheim Ducks this past Sunday .
Treliving believes Giordano 's leadership style was a difference-maker in Calgary 's surprising run to the second round of playoffs .
`` I think everybody in this room knows what Mark means to this team , both on and off the ice , '' Treliving said .
`` He 's a culture-setter for me . You ca n't win on the ice until you have the right culture off the ice . They set that for us , so he 's the priority . ''
Giordano 's previous five-year extension signed in 2010 was worth $ 20.1 million .
At an annual average of $ 4.02 million , the captain was n't the highest-paid Flame this past season . Defenceman Dennis Wideman was at $ 5.25 million .
`` I 'm sure Tree and myself will have a discussion and talk about things , '' Giordano said .
`` I want to stay here and I think the feeling is mutual . We want to get something done sooner rather than later .
`` You want to stick around and be here for a long time , hopefully the rest of my career . ''
Giordano underwent what was said to be season-ending surgery on their bicep March 4 .
They began participating in full practice late last week with the green light to shoot the puck .
The development prompted speculation that Giordano was about to return to the lineup early .
`` I think I was a ways away , but not unrealistic to think I could get back in if we went deep enough , '' the captain said .
Giordano , San Jose defenceman Brent Burns and New York Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist are the three finalists for the NHL 's Foundation Player Award that goes to an NHL player `` who applies the core values of hockey — commitment , perseverance and teamwork — to enrich the lives of people in their community . ''
The winner will be announced June 24 .
Locking up Giordano long-term may entice other Flames nearing the end of their contracts to stay in Calgary .
Jiri Hudler , David Jones , Joe Colborne , Johnny Gaudreau , Sean Monahan , defenceman Kris Russell and goaltender Jonas Hiller each have a year remaining on their deals .
But another pressing matter for Treliving this off-season is a number of restricted free-agent forwards : Mikael Backlund , Michael Ferland , Josh Jooris , Lance Bouma , Paul Byron and Drew Shore .
Defencemen David Schlemko , Rafael Diaz , Corey Potter and goaltender Karri Ramo will be unrestricted free agents .
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has estimated the salary cap in 2015-16 will be about $ 73 million . Treliving will have between $ 20 million and $ 25 million in cap room .
`` I know it 's been talked about and I 've been asked lots of questions this year , 'you 've got all this cap room , ' well you project out two years from now , '' the GM said .
`` We 've got models that go out five years from now . Some of those young players continue to play like they have , they 're going to get significant increases . ''
A WUWT reader ( April 20 , 2017 at 2:22pm ) wrote :
“ In a radio interview I heard some years ago a BBC employee recalls their first day of work at the media establishment . An experienced colleague-mentor led them upstairs and out onto the roof . The two of them then stood together on the edge of the roof and urinated down on the people many floors below at ground level . ( They were both male BTW . ) This , the mentor explained was an important rite of passage impressing on a new employee the correct BBC attitude to hold towards the general public . ”
“ Therefore several decades of airwaves filled with hard-left agitprop has produced a reaction in the opposite direction . People are waking up to the fact that they have lived their whole lives listening to an unopposed unelected undemocratic stalinist hard left press . “
This is how BBC 's Roger Harrabin inquired about the climate alarmism party line in 2011 :
“ Some broadcasting is already in the pipeline that will relate to the themes of Rio+ 10 , but this is an open opportunity for you to put forward ideas that will be collated and circulated amongst relevant BBC decision-makers .
* What should the BBC be doing this time in terms of news , current affairs , drama , documentaries , game shows , music etc ? * How can the BBC convey the theme of sustainable development to viewers and listeners who have probably seen all the issues raised before ? * Is there any scope for a global broadcasting initiative ? * What are the strongest themes and specific issues that should appear in the media in the months and years following the conference ? ”
Sometime between the 1990 's and the 2000 's , the BBC became just a shadow of what it used to be .
When Magic Johnson took over as Los Angeles Lakers president of basketball operations in late-February , they aimed to revive a franchise destined for its fourth missed postseason in as many years . But they also planned to use their standing as a five-time NBA champion and Hall of Fame player to attract marquee free agents in a post-Kobe Bryant era .
Johnson 's pursuit of star power could reignite a dormant , decades-old rivalry between them and Celtics legend Larry Bird , now president of the Indiana Pacers .
The Pacers have reached out to teams to assess the trade value of superstar forward Paul George , according to The Vertical 's Adrian Wojnarowski . This comes after several attempts to add firepower alongside George , including rumored discussions with Philadelphia for Jahlil Okafor and Brooklyn for Brook Lopez .
George was born and raised in Los Angeles , and while the Lakers have not reached out about trading for the All-Star forward , there have always been undertones suggesting they may one day want to play for their hometown team .
Writes Wojnarowski :
As a free agent in the summer of 2018 , they have considered re-signing with Indiana or joining their hometown Los Angeles Lakers , sources tell The Vertical . Teams trading for George run the risk of losing the four-time All-Star to a Lakers franchise that will have the salary-cap space to sign them in 2018 . The Lakers ' hiring of Magic Johnson as president of basketball operations will be an interesting twist to George 's free-agent recruitment , given that Johnson has been something of a George family icon going back to George 's childhood in nearby Palmdale , Calif .
The Pacers president has endured their fair share of criticism , specifically after hanging ex-coach Frank Vogel to dry after last season 's first-round playoff exit . Instead , Bird promoted Nate McMillan to head coach and re-tooled the roster trading for Jeff Teague and signing Al Jefferson and Thaddeus Young to free agent contracts .
That has n't worked , and with George set to hit free agency in 2018 , winning a championship matters most , in Indiana or elsewhere .
`` As I told ( Bird ) , I always want to play on a winning team . I always want to be part of a team that has a chance to win it [ all ] . That 's important , ” George told ESPN.com 's Marc Stein . `` Say what you want ; I want to compete for something . It 's frustrating just playing the game for stats or for numbers or to showcase yourself . Man , I want a chance to play for a chance to win a championship .
`` I wanted to be the first and want to be the first to be able to bring a championship to Indiana . So that 's still on my mind ... and something I definitely want to achieve in Indiana . ''
Should George make an All-NBA team this season or next , they could be in line for the new ‘ designated player ' contract worth $ 219 million over five seasons . They are n't a shoo-in for that contract , though , given the league 's depth at the top of both forward positions .
Under Magic , the Lakers are chasing stars once again , though it 's unclear if any will flock to Los Angeles . Johnson has talked a good game . It 's time to find out if they can play it .
Los Angeles is reportedly “ in the process of trying to land George , ” according to USA Today 's Sam Amick . That deal would likely involve moving rookie Brandon Ingram with additional players and draft picks . It would also signal Johnson 's first big win as Lakers president .
After all , it was Game 6 of 1987 NBA Finals between the Lakers and Celtics when Magic solidified their standing atop the Mt . Rushmore of league greats .
Johnson drilled an iconic skyhook over two Celtics defenders while Bird watched the series slip away with Magic 's made bucket . It was that moment that Johnson won the last battle between them and their Boston counterpart . But now , that rivalry will be rekindled as team executives .
And if Johnson can hook Paul George into playing for their hometown Lakers as a free agent in 2018 or sooner , it could settle the debate once and for all .
News in Science
New material boost for carbon capture
Carbon breakthrough Researchers have created a new material that could solve some of the problems currently plaguing carbon capture and storage .
The material , made from aluminium nitrate salt , cheap organic materials and water , is non-toxic and requires less energy to strip out the carbon when it becomes saturated , according to the scientists who author a paper appearing today in Nature Chemistry .
Carbon capture has not yet been proven on a commercial scale and pilot projects have been hindered by concerns that the ammonia-based materials , or amines , used to absorb carbon can themselves produce toxic emissions .
They are also expensive and need large amounts of heat to boil out the carbon so it can be taken away and stored .
The researchers say their new absorber , dubbed NOTT-300 , could overcome all these problems .
`` I feel this can be viewed as a revolution to a certain degree , '' says Sihai Yang from the University of Nottingham , who worked on the project .
`` It is non-toxic , and zero heating input is required for the regeneration . There is promising potential to overcome the traditional amine material on both environmental and economic grounds . ''
Dr Timmy Ramirez-Cuesta , who worked on the project at the ISIS research centre at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in Oxfordshire , says the new material could simplify carbon capture by using interchangeable filters .
`` When the material is saturated , the exhaust gases are diverted to the second container where the process continues , '' they say . `` The full container is disconnected from the system and the CO2 is removed using a vacuum and collected . The regenerated container can then be reconnected and used repeatedly . ''
The team , which also included scientists from the University of Oxford and Peking University in China , say the new material captured close to 100 per cent of the carbon dioxide in experiments using a cocktail of gases .
Although the rate could be lower in the `` dynamic conditions '' of a real power station , it should still be over 90 per cent , which is a key test for the viability of an absorber .
The material can pick up harmful gases , including sulphur dioxide , in a mixture , allowing others like hydrogen , methane , nitrogen and oxygen to pass through .
It does , however , absorb water vapour and the researchers are doing further work to overcome the problem , which could reduce its performance with CO2 .
Professor Martin Schroeder at the University of Nottingham , who led the research , says NOTT-300 could also be put to use in gas purification . Natural gas often contains 10 per cent of carbon dioxide impurity which needs to be removed before it can be used .
The scientists say they are working with companies in the carbon capture business on commercialising the new material .
MONTREAL - The Canadiens unveiled on Tuesday the new jersey that the team will wear outdoors against the Senators for the NHL100 Classic , on December 16 at Lansdowne Park in Ottawa .
As with at the 2016 Winter Classic , which saw the Habs take on the Boston Bruins at Gillette Stadium in Foxboro , MA , Montreal 's new jersey will once again feature some unique design details :
Stanley Cup Silver
Stanley Cup Silver highlights some of the key details of the jersey , adorning the collar , the logo , and the sleeves . The silver gives the jersey a shiny , metallic look that has never been seen before on a Canadiens jersey .
NHL100 Classic Patch
The NHL100 Classic patch can be found on the right shoulder of the jersey . The patch is written in French , honoring not only the heritage of the Montreal Canadiens , but also the 100th anniversary of the founding of the NHL at the Winsor Hotel in Montreal on November 26 , 1917 .
An Homage to Champions
Each of the years in which the Canadiens won their League-record 24 Stanley Cups is featured in silver writing between the classic red and blue stripes on the sleeves , with the right sleeve showcasing the triumphant seasons that fell between 1916 and 1960 , and the left sleeve highlighting the conquests from 1965 to 1993 .
Quote from `` In Flanders Fields ''
The inside of the collar features an excerpt from the iconic John McCrea poem `` In Flanders Fields , '' which has been emblazoned on the walls of the Canadiens dressing room since 1952 . The excerpt appears in French , and translates to `` To you from failing hands we throw the torch ; be yours to hold it high . ''
Clima Technology
This design combines moisture management and airflow circulation for a cooler , more breathable wear .
Lightweight Fabric
The jersey features performance poly fabric and a new lightweight crest and numbering system that make the jersey 19 % lighter .
Flexible Logo
The Canadiens logo is now flexible and more durable , making the jersey fit more comfortably .
BUY THE JERSEY
by Rodney Sparapani , PhD
Rodney is an Assistant Professor in the Institute for Health and Society from the Division of Biostatistics at the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and president of the Milwaukee Chapter of the ASA which is hosting an R workshop on Data Mining in Milwaukee on April 4th .
Emacs Speaks Statistics ( ESS ) is a GPL software package for GNU Emacs that provides support for several statistical programming languages . This post which focuses on ESS and R , provides some history on both Emacs and ESS , provides some guidance on installing both environments and the basics of how to get started .
Brief History of Emacs
Emacs has a long and important history as a programmer 's editor . It was created in 1976 by Richard Stallman AKA RMS . In 1984 , RMS released GNU Emacs ; the first free software program released by the GNU Project . Originally , Emacs provided intelligent editing for popular programming languages of the time such as Pascal , PL/I and Fortran ; each language was supported by a corresponding `` major mode '' which we will call a mode for short . Now Emacs has modes for the popular programming languages of today such as R ( via ESS ) , C/C++ , Java , Perl and Python . Modes are the killer app of Emacs . You can learn one editor , Emacs , which provides an IDE for practically all of the programming languages you are likely to ever need . Emacs also supports a wide variety of markup languages like LaTeX ( via AUCTeX ) and HTML .
Installing Emacs
You can find the source code for GNU Emacs online . I highly recommend the latest stable release , v24.3 , for its feature richness and stability . MS Windows and Mac OS X users can find binaries online ( which come with ESS and AUCTeX included ) at Vincent Goulet 's web page . If you are using Linux or UNIX , then you may be able to find binaries for Emacs from a repo associated with your distribution . If not , then you can install Emacs from source . However , beware , Emacs has a lot of dependencies ; an abbreviated list includes giflib , libpng , libtiff , ispell/aspell , libXaw and ncurses . By default , configure assumes that the installation location is /usr/local , but you can override that with the -- prefix option :
configure -- prefix=/opt/local -- with-x-toolkit=lucid -- without-gconf
These options should work on a wide variety of Linux and UNIX distributions .
Dissecting an Emacs Frame
The Emacs window is called a Frame ; we will dissect the Frame from top to bottom . In Figure 0 , you can see that the Menu is at the top .
Figure 0
Just below that is the Toolbar with icons for common operations . Next , we come to the buffer area where the file you are editing appears . Below that is an information strip called the mode line . From left to right , the mode line has several items which you can hover over to receive tips on what they represent . In Figure 0 , you will see that at the beginning of the mode line , there are 5 characters which each represent file information : the coding system , the end-of-line character , writable or read-only , whether the buffer has been modified and the current directory respectively ; all but the last can be modified by clicking on the corresponding character .
Next is the file name . The mode name will follow and be in parentheses . And , finally , at the bottom is the minibuffer which we will see more of .
Common Operations and Modifier Keys
Besides modes , Emacs is known for its commands bound to key sequences . You can perform a lot of operations from the Menu and the Toolbar that are self-explanatory . However , due to the constant mouse movements you may find these inconvenient ; key combinations exist for many common operations .
In the Emacs help notation , C-KEY means hold down the Control key while pressing another KEY . For example , C-h means hold down Control while pressing h. For new Emacs users , C-h is very helpful . C-h is the help key ; note that C-h is also assigned to F1 for convenience . The key sequence C-h t or F1 t will launch the Emacs tutorial . C-h k runs the command describe-key . After pressing C-h k you will see the following prompt in the minibuffer `` Describe key ( or click or menu item ) : '' which will wait until you press a key sequence ( or click or pick a menu item ) . For example , entering C-g after the prompt produces :
C-g runs the command keyboard-quit , which is an interactive compiled Lisp function in ` simple.el ' .
It is bound to C-g .
( keyboard-quit )
Signal a ` quit ' condition . During execution of Lisp code , this character causes a quit directly . At top-level , as an editor command , this simply beeps .
It is this help at your finger tips which is the self-documenting feature of Emacs . Remember C-g , it can be used to cancel a command in progress if you change your mind or you launched the command in error . A few other useful commands relate to splitting the current buffer ; C-x 2 will split the current buffer in half above and below . C-x 1 will return it to one buffer . Similarly , C-x 3 splits the current buffer left and right and C-x 1 will restore it .
M-KEY means hold down the Meta key while pressing another KEY . On PC ( Mac ) keyboards , the Meta key is usually the Alt ( Option ) key . On UNIX keyboards , Meta keys are usually to the left and right of the spacebar and have a solid diamond symbol . To be sure , use describe-key , i.e . C-h k M-x Of course , you will not be sure which key is the Meta key , but you will quickly find out . If you do n't have a Meta key for some reason , you can press and release the Escape key and then press KEY . You can execute an emacs command by name as follows : M-x COMMAND Enter . For example , to run describe-key : M-x describe-key Enter .
Brief History of ESS
In the late 1990s , Anthony Rossini lead the effort to merge S-mode ( developed by David Smith , editor of this blog ) , SAS-mode and Stata-mode into one package : Emacs Speaks Statistics ( ESS ) . Originally , ESS supported GNU Emacs and XEmacs . XEmacs was a popular fork of Emacs at that time , but the feature set of Emacs and XEmacs have diverged . Today , ESS only supports GNU Emacs ; the current stable release is v13.09-1 . However , XEmacs users can still use the slightly older version of ESS ( circa 2012 ) v12.04-4 . You can find every release of ESS from 2002 onward in the ESS archive here .
Installing ESS
You can find the source of ESS online at the R Project . As already mentioned , you can install Emacs and ESS simultaneously with Vincent Goulet 's binaries . You can get the current stable release as well as other releases from the ESS archive . Like all free software , ESS is a work in progress . Between releases , new features and bug fixes appear in the ESS repo . If you have a need to install the latest development release , then you can grab the source from one of the ESS repos . ESS has two repos ; one based on subversion , AKA SVN , and the other based on git . Although , the SVN repo is the basis of releases , the two repos are synchronized regularly .
You can check out the latest development release from SVN via the command :
svn checkout https : //svn.r-project.org/ESS/trunk /path/to/ESS
Replace /path/to/ESS with the directory on your local system where you want to store ESS . Or , similarly , via the git command :
git clone https : //github.com/emacs-ess/ESS.git /path/to/ESS
The steps to install ESS can be found online . Please follow the steps carefully . Note that steps 2 and 3 are optional , but steps 4 and 5 are necessary .
ESS in action
If you have installed ESS ( and re-launched Emacs ) , then you should be ready to go . In Emacs , type M-x ess-version Enter to see if Emacs is running the version of ESS that you installed . As of this writing , the latest released version is v13.09-1 while the latest development version in the repo is v13.09-2 .
Now , let 's take a look at an example from the Modern Applied Statistics with S ( MASS ) book .
Type : C-x C-f galaxies.R Into this new file , copy and paste :
require ( MASS )
data ( galaxies )
galaxies < - galaxies/1000
c ( width.SJ ( galaxies , method = `` dpi '' ) , width.SJ ( galaxies ) )
plot ( x = c ( 0 , 40 ) , y = c ( 0 , 0.3 ) , type = `` n '' , bty = `` l '' ,
xlab = `` velocity of galaxy ( km/s ) '' , ylab = `` density '' )
rug ( galaxies )
lines ( density ( galaxies , width = 3.25 , n = 200 ) , lty = 1 )
lines ( density ( galaxies , width = 2.56 , n = 200 ) , lty = 3 )
With the .R extension , this file will be recognized as an R program . On the mode line , you will see the mode name : `` ESS [ S ] [ R db - ] ElDoc '' . Since ESS was derived from S-mode ( and R from S ) , the mode name starts with ESS [ S ] . The `` R '' in [ R db - ] represents the R language . The `` db - '' stands for ess-tracebug which provides visual debugging , breakpoints , tracing , etc . For more on ess-tracebug , see its documentation . And , finally , `` ElDoc '' signifies that ElDoc is turned on . With ElDoc , the minibuffer displays function arguments at point . For example , place the cursor on the `` x '' in `` plot ( x '' in galaxies.R buffer and you will see the arguments for the plot ( ) function displayed in the minibuffer ; we saw that in Figure 0 .
The syntax highlighting for the R language provided by ESS is configurable . In Emacs , syntax highlighting is known as font-locking . You can customize the amount of syntax highlighting that you want to see . At the top of the Emacs window , click on the ESS menu and select `` Font Lock '' . This will display a menu of buttons corresponding to language elements that you can syntax highlight . For example , in Figure 1 , you can see that when you have turned off all font-locking , the only thing syntax highlighted are strings encased in double quotes .
Figure 1
At the other end of the spectrum , in Figure 2 , you can see what it looks like when nearly all of the choices are picked .
Figure 2
You can experiment with the various settings and once you are satisfied , then press `` Save to custom '' at the bottom . This will save your settings in your Emacs initialization file ~/.emacs You will see them in a section that begins with `` ( custom-set-variables '' .
Now , let 's return to our galaxies example . You can submit the whole buffer to an R process by pressing “ C-c C-b ” . If you do n't have an R process running in your Emacs session , then one will be created for you in a buffer entitled `` * R * '' which you will see appear as your buffer is split either above/below or left-right . You can also submit a region by highlighting some code and pressing “ C-c C-r ” . You can submit a paragraph in which your cursor resides by C-c C-p ( a paragraph is a set of one or more lines of codes separated by blank lines ) . You can submit the line on which your cursor resides by C-c C-j ( your cursor can be anywhere in the line ; it does n't have to be at the beginning or the end ) .
Now , in the * R * buffer , at an R prompt , type ? galaxies . If you press `` n '' , then you will move to the next section of the help buffer ; press `` n '' until you get to Examples . There you will find something similar to the example up above . However , in Figure 3 , notice that the R syntax is not highlighted .
Figure 3
ESS and polymode
When you are using R , you may find yourself editing R code that has embedded C/C++ , HTML or LaTeX . Or you may simply be reading a help page . Emacs , generally , has one major mode per buffer . So , the syntax highlighting will not be what the user intended . polymode was developed as a helper mode for ESS to fix this . With polymode , R code in the help pages , as well as embedded code from another language , is syntax highlighted correctly . Look here to get polymode source code and installation tips online .
So , let 's return to our galaxies example . In Figure 4 , you can see that the R code in the Examples section is now syntax highlighted via polymode .
Figure 4
Emacs and ESS Zombies
Welcome to the Emacs and ESS world ! Hopefully , this article has inspired you to give it a try . Like all software , Emacs and ESS are not perfect . However , their track record show that they have served R users well with an intelligent editing environment . To find more about ESS look here .
The ESS documentation is a work in progress . However , to be a true zombie , do n't be too squeamish to RTFM . For zombies that hunger for historical Emacs brain matter , I recommend EMACS : the extensible , customizable , self-documenting display editor by Richard M. Stallman . And for a wonderful introduction to S and R , read Modern Applied Statistics with S , 4th ed . by Bill Venables and Brian Ripley .
Finally , if you would like to talk more about Emacs , ESS or Zombies , stop by the R Workshop on Classical and Bayesian Data Mining sponsored by the Milwaukee Chapter of the ASA on April 4 .
Morocco-Airport-World Moroccan airport ranked world 's most beautiful
The honour was bestowed on it thanks to the magnificence of its new terminal , according to a recent classification by Skyteam , an alliance of airlines .
Fourth in a previous ranking , Marrakech-Menara Airport beat Singapore 's Changi Airport , and moved just ahead of Doha and Hong Kong , with Denver , US completing the Top 5 .
“ On arrival , passengers are treated to a modern airport that pays tribute to the great cultural heritage of Morocco , inspired by Islamic architecture , with domed glass ceilings and , of course , a lot of light ” reads a comment from Skyteam .
The new terminal in Marrakech-Menara , which was commissioned in December 2016 , meets the desire to make the airport a real asset to reinforce the attractiveness of the ocher city , which remains one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world , officials of the National Airports Office ( ONDA ) explain .
The ranking for the 12 most beautiful airports in the world is as follows :
1 . Marrakech Menara Airport
2 . Singapore Changi Airport
3 . Hamad International Airport ( Doha )
4 . Hong Kong International Airport
5 . Denver International Airport
6 . Bangkok International Airport
7 . Heydar Aliyev International Airport ( Baku )
8 . Barajas Airport ( Madrid )
9 . Beijing Capital International Airport
10 . Chicago O'Hare International Airport
11 . Tokyo Haneda Airport
12 . Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport
HA/fss/as/APA
WASHINGTON ― Something unusual happened as Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch was testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday . Their would-be future colleagues took a swipe at their past work .
As Gorsuch was essentially interviewing for a job on the high court , the justices roundly rejected a legal standard that he 'd embraced in a 2008 disability rights case . In a unanimous ruling , Chief Justice John Roberts wrote that the standard , which sets a particularly low bar for schools ' responsibility to students with disabilities , is not good enough .
“ When all is said and done , a student offered an educational program providing ‘ merely more than de minimis ' progress from year to year can hardly be said to have been offered an education at all , ” Roberts wrote .
The case before the justices concerned the level of educational benefit that public schools must provide under the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act . “ Merely more than de minimis ” was the standard observed in the current case by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit , Gorsuch 's court .
“ For children with disabilities , receiving instruction that aims so low would be tantamount to sitting idly ... awaiting the time when they were old enough to drop out , ” Roberts added .
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images It was not a great moment for the Supreme Court nominee .
Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee immediately jumped on the ruling issued Wednesday morning . They began pressing Gorsuch about it , emphasizing the word “ merely ” ― a word that had attracted the justices ' attention as well during oral arguments . Sen. Dick Durbin ( D-Ill. ) called the ruling “ powerful . ”
“ Why in your early decision did you want to lower the bar so low ... as a standard for public education to meet this federal requirement under the law ? ” Durbin asked Gorsuch . The judge noted that they had just seen the ruling during a quick break in the confirmation hearing .
“ If I was wrong , Senator , I was wrong because I was bound by circuit precedent , and I 'm sorry , ” Gorsuch said . They noted that the ruling in the 2008 case had been unanimous and that one of their fellow judges on that case was a Democratic nominee .
“ To me , you were actually the first in this case that you wrote to come up with this standard and then you added the word ‘ merely , ' ” said Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( D-Minn. ) . They later said that Gorsuch 's addition of that word “ creates a ceiling ... more than a floor ” for the benefits that students with disabilities receive under the law .
Gorsuch responded that they were simply following precedent in the 10th Circuit . They said , “ I disagree , ” when Klobuchar charged that their ruling made the standard more stringent . “ It 's not a surprise to me , ” they said , that the Supreme Court rejected the lower court 's language unanimously .
Republicans on the committee rushed to Gorsuch 's defense . Chairman Chuck Grassley ( R-Iowa ) sent out an advisory to reporters stating that the judge “ did not invent that legal test ” and that they relied on a 1996 decision from their own circuit . The advisory added that Gorsuch 's addition of “ merely ” did n't change the protections for students with disabilities .
Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) argued that Gorsuch was simply following guidance from the Supreme Court and other courts at the time .
“ Yes , sir . I follow orders , ” Gorsuch said . That answer , Cruz said , “ should give comfort that you would continue to do so as a Supreme Court justice . ”
During oral arguments in January , several justices puzzled over who came up with the standard that they later rejected . “ Who invented it ? ” asked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg .
In Wednesday 's ruling , the Supreme Court said that kids with disabilities must be offered an educational program that is “ reasonably calculated to enable a child to make progress appropriate in light of the child 's circumstances. ” This standard , the court said , is fact-specific and depends on “ the unique circumstances of the child . ”
Disability rights advocates praised the ruling .
The following is a guest blog post by Hon . Alan Pendleton , Tenth Judicial District Court Judge in Anoka , Minnesota and Gael B. Strack , JD , CEO and Co-Founder of the Family Justice Center Alliance in San Diego .
The arrests of Ravens running back Ray Rice and San Francisco 49er defensive tackle Ray McDonald have , once again , thrust the ugly specter of domestic violence into the forefront of American consciousness . One of the most terrorizing and lethal forms of violence used by men against their female intimate partners is strangulation . Strangulation is much more common and serious than professionals have realized . Judges and attorneys who deal with perpetrators and victims of domestic violence need to be well-versed in the facts about strangulation ; the most effective weapon against domestic violence is education and training .
Here are seven medical-legal facts that judges and attorneys who deal with domestic violence cases need to know about strangulation :
Strangulation defined . Strangulation is a form of asphyxia ( lack of oxygen ) characterized by closure of the blood vessels and/or air passages of the neck as a result of external pressure on the neck . There 's a widespread lack of understanding about strangulation . Many judicial officers and attorneys do n't understand the medical and psychological severity of the act of strangulation , because in many cases the lack of observable physical injuries to the victim cause judges to minimize its seriousness . To ensure that judges understand the seriousness of strangulation , some prosecutors have asked courts for permission to have an expert in the field of strangulation testify at bail hearings . Strangulation is one of the most terrorizing and lethal forms of violence used by men against their female intimate partners . The act of strangulation symbolizes an abuser 's power and control over the victim , most of whom are female . The sensation of suffocating can be terrifying ; the victim is completely overwhelmed by the abuser . A single traumatic experience of strangulation or the threat of it may instill such intense fear that the victim can get trapped in a pattern of control by the abuser and made vulnerable to further abuse . Victims of one episode of strangulation are 7 times more likely to become a homicide victim at the hands of the same partner . Experts across the medical profession now agree that manual or ligature strangulation is “ lethal force ” and is one of the best predictors of a future homicide in domestic violence cases . The neck is the most vulnerable part of the body . Blood and oxygen all flow from the body to your brain through the neck , which is the most unprotected and vulnerable part of the body . More serious injuries occur from neck trauma than any other part of the body . It takes surprisingly little pressure to strangle someone . The brain needs a continuous supply of oxygen , without which , its cells quickly malfunction and die . Minimal pressure on the neck can prevent blood flow to the brain or prevent the return of blood flow from the brain to the heart . Without sufficient oxygen to the brain , unconsciousness occurs within 10 seconds , brain death within 4 minutes . It takes only 4 pounds of pressure to block the jugular veins , 11 pounds of pressure to block the carotid arteries , and 33 pounds of pressure to block the trachea ( air flow ) . Compare this minimal pressure with opening a can of soda ( 20 pounds of pressure ) , an average handshake ( 80-100 pounds per pressure ) , or pulling the trigger of a handgun ( 6 pounds of pressure ) . Strangulation may leave little evidence on the skin . Lack of visible findings ( or minimal injuries ) does n't exclude a potentially life threatening condition ; strangulation—even in fatal cases—often leaves no marks . A study by the San Diego City Attorney 's Office of 300 domestic violence cases involving strangulation revealed that up to 50 % of victims had no visible injuries . Strangulation can cause substantial ( and often delayed ) injuries . Physical injuries short of death may include unconsciousness , fractured trachea/larynx , internal bleeding , artery damage , dizziness , nausea , sore throat , voice changes , throat and lung injuries , swelling of the neck , breathing and swallowing problems , ringing in the ears , vision change , and miscarriage . There can also be neurological injuries , such as facial or eyelid droop , left or right side weakness , loss of sensation , loss of memory , and paralysis . Psychological injuries may include PTSD , depression , suicidal ideation , memory problems , nightmares , anxiety , severe stress reaction , amnesia , and psychosis . Not all injuries are immediately apparent . There 's a possibility of delayed fatality ( e.g. , death can occur days or weeks after the attack due to carotid artery dissection and respiratory complications such as pneumonia , and the risk of blood clots traveling to the brain .
Historically , strangulation has been minimized by professionals due to the lack of visible injuries and the lack of medical training . Thirty-eight states , including California , have passed statutes in the last ten years to recognize this oversight , increase awareness , and enhance victim safety and offender accountability . The newly re-authorized Violence Against Women Act of 2013 added felony strangulation and suffocation to federal law . In March 2014 , the U.S. Department of Justice issued sentencing guidelines and made a finding that “ strangulation and suffocation , or an attempt of either , is specific serious conduct that deserves enhanced punishment regardless of injury . ”
The Family Justice Center Alliance provides training on strangulation for all professionals , including judges and court staff . Training materials on strangulation are readily available at the Training Institute on Strangulation Prevention . Additional training material on domestic violence is at Judge Pendleton 's Judicial Training Blog .
By judges and attorneys educating themselves on this often misunderstood act , they will be better prepared to intervene appropriately . Effective intervention in non-homicide strangulation cases will increase victim safety , hold offenders accountable for the crimes they commit , and prevent future homicides .
For an easy reference guide to domestic violence law in criminal cases , turn to CEB 's California Judges Benchbook : Domestic Violence Cases in Criminal Court , the book provided to criminal court judges presiding over domestic violence cases .
Other CEBblog™ posts you may find useful :
© The Regents of the University of California , 2014 . Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog 's author and/or owner is strictly prohibited .
The family of an Illinois high school first-year student is suing the Maine Township High School District 207 , claiming that Maine West High School officials sanctioned hazing of the unnamed teen as part of a years-long ritual at the school .
The unidentified mother appeared at a news conference Monday wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses alongside attorney Antonio Romanucci .
`` I thought my son would be safe at school , '' they said , according to WLS-TV . `` You think when you drop off your son , it 's a safe place to be . But I feel like the coaches should have kept them safe on the soccer field , and they did n't do that . ''
The mother adds that the acts -- and the school 's failure to respond -- breaks Illinois state anti-bullying laws .
The lawsuit claims that the 14-year-old and at least two other boys were sexually assaulted during soccer practice in September -- during school hours and condoned by coaches . The complaint alleges that teammates shoved the three boys to the ground and beat them . The older players then held them down , pulled down their pants and underwear and sodomized them .
The plaintiffs contend that the ritual dates back several years as part of initiation for being promoted to the varsity soccer team . They also say that Principal Audrey Haugan knew or should have known about the ritual , and two soccer coaches both witnessed and permitted the practice to continue .
`` That behavior in today 's society is disgusting , '' Romanucci said . `` It should never be condoned . It should never have happened . ''
Doctors confirmed evidence of sexual assault , according to the Daily Herald . School officials and police became aware of the incident after hearing students discuss hazing during school , and more than 100 people with knowledge of hazing at the school have been interviewed .
District officials said that 10 students are facing disciplinary action . Two soccer coaches have been temporarily reassigned with pay and three others who are not Maine West teachers have been terminated from coaching . Six students were petitioned to juvenile court , each charged with one count battery and one count hazing , according to Des Plaines police .
`` District 207 and Maine West reiterate that we take the misconduct involving the soccer team very seriously , '' officials said in a statement Monday , The Chicago Tribune reports .
The lawsuit seeks monetary and injunctive relief . Romanucci said they 're also calling for a clean sweep of prior team customs , creating new rules to prevent repeat behavior .
`` We see this not just as a local issue , but this is a national issue , '' Romanucci said . `` We hope to springboard what happened here into making significant policy change all over the country . ''
The story out of Des Plaines mirrors an incident in California , in which four students were arrested in September as part of a hazing investigation at La Puente High School . Allegations were , similarly , that upperclassmen soccer team members sexually hazed first-year student players who were recently promoted to the varsity team .
The alleged abuse occurred in a room next to the coach 's office , and a teacher was placed on administrative leave .
Getty Images
Given that Redskins coach Mike Shanahan called it a “ must-win , ” earlier in the week , the fact their team lost to the Panthers will cause much consternation over a long bye week .
It will also bring an eye toward 2013 and beyond .
Shanahan admitted in their post-game press conference that the Redskins ' goals are in the future , not this season .
“ Now you 're playing to see who obviously is going to be on your football team for years to come , ” Shanahan said , via the Washington Post . “ Now we get a chance to evaluate players and see where we 're at .
“ Obviously , we 're not out of it statistically , but now we find out what type of character we 've got and how guys keep on fighting through the rest of the season . ”
Of course , it might also be time to evaluate the coaching too . Shanahan 's a disappointing 14-27 in their third year in charge , a .341 winning percentage that 's lower than the ridiculous Jim Zorn and Steve Spurrier eras ( both 12-20 , .375 ) .
The fact they just drafted a franchise quarterback probably means Shanahan will have time to continue to work with Robert Griffin III , and their track record indicates that they probably should .
But they work for Daniel Snyder , who has n't demonstrated themselves to be dedicated to planning for the future .
Q :
A :
Overcoming Assumptions
Flush the Fluress
Sam Quintero , OD , adjunct associate professor at University of Houston College of Optometry , says they have n't used fluorescein in years and experiences excellent results when performing tonometry—and forgoing it saves them a step in the process . They encourage students to perform Goldmann tonometry without it . They note that “ students do n't challenge the modalities as taught , ” but they encourage them to question longstanding practices . “ For instance , the sole purpose of the dye in Goldmann tonometry is to enhance the observation of the tear film , ” which can be accomplished without dye , with practice , they say.When Dr. Quintero presents the concept of going without fluorescein to students , they tell them I do n't use fluorescein when I measure IOP with the Goldmann tonometer , and I will have the students look through the teaching tube and emphasize that they look for the tear layer . “ I like to seek out new ways to arrive at the same answer in a more efficient manner , ” says Dr. Quintero . “ I am an efficiency fanatic and spend as little time arriving at the correct answer as possible. ” Here is the typical with-dye scenario , according to Dr. Quintero : “ Some students take too long to measure IOP in the first eye ; by the time they get to the second eye , you guessed it , they now have to instill the fluorescein again and , as a consequence , it can take as much as seven to eight extra minutes to complete this procedure—one that should have lasted approximately one minute total , ” says Dr. Quintero . Another problem they see with students : On occasion , they spill a drop on the patient 's clothing . “ And now you have an unhappy patient , no matter what you say or how much you reassure them ” that the dye wo n't permanently stainNevertheless , Dr. Quintero tells their students to be aware of the expectations from other attending ODs and not to engage in quarrels . However , they also caution them to “ do as the National Board requires and perform tonometry as described on the skills assessments for this technique—one must use the dye or else you fail this skill on Part III. ” Dr . Quintero suggests Fluress ( fluorescein sodium and benoxinate hydrochloride ophthalmic solution , USP , 0.25 % /0.4 % , Akorn ) contains too much fluorescein to be of value in tonometry . “ Invariably , the mires are huge and distorted , requiring a delay for the solution to dissipate and the mires to thin , rendering it ineffective and a big waste of time. ” Recent research reveals IOP is lower—a mean difference of 1.4mm Hg—when tonometry is used without fluorescein.Older literature shows much greater differences—up to 7mm Hg—than anecdotal data.Andrea Knouff , OD , founder of Eyeclectic Vision Source in Atlanta , has n't used fluorescein in clinical practice for a number of years either . “ I find a high correlation between results with and without dye , and so have chosen to do without it , ” eliminating a step and saving valuable chair time , says Dr. Knouff . “ If I ever have a question , or the mires are too faint , I can always put a dry strip in the eye and light up the mires a bit , ” they say . Forgoing fluorescein also preserves the patient 's contact lenses when they are reinserted at exam 's end.Dr . Knouff advises ODs rely on our other tried-and-true methods and tests of detecting glaucoma . “ Use careful stereoscopic nerve evaluations , pachymetry , fields and OCTs for glaucoma diagnosis , instead of putting too much emphasis on IOP readings alone . ”
Seriously , my biggest regret about this movie is not watching it at the theaters . It would have been an absolute laugh with the rest of the audience just to see how funny this film really is . I saw the reviews on YouTube , saw that everyone thought it was hilarious and funny , so I rented the movie , watch it , pissed my pants laughing , and then watched it again , still pissing my pants at the same jokes . If you have n't seen it , you can either watch it by yourself , or watch it with a bunch of friends , either way it is pants pissing funny . Rotten Tomatoes gave it a bad review . Look at the review on YouTube , see how many dislikes there are about this film , I did n't find any dislikes on this movie from the reviews . Very very very funny movie
Kevin Feige , the president of Marvel Studios , is the man to talk to when you want Marvel news . He 's the one who calls the shots . At Saturday night 's Marvel Comic-Con panel in Hall H , Feige was on hand to show new footage from `` Thor : The Dark World , '' `` Captain America : The Winter Soldier , '' and `` Guardians of the Galaxy . '' They also brought Joss Whedon out to unveil the title of the new Avengers movie , `` The Avengers : Age of Ultron . ''
But , what about all of the other rumors swirling ? What about `` Doctor Strange '' ? Where is all this talk about Vin Diesel leading ? What are the two mystery Phase 3 movies that have yet to be announced ? Shortly before the Hall H panel , I met with Kevin Feige at their hotel here in San Diego and asked them about all of these things .
The thing that I appreciate about you is that you 're often coy about not giving secrets away , but you do n't lie .
No . I 'm not interested in being caught in a lie . There 's usually not a reason to -- and the end game is opening weekend . Everything is about opening weekend . Not for the box office -- of course we need that -- but for the experience . So , every time I 'm being coy , it 's being coy for the benefit of the reveal or the benefit of the experience . But if somebody calls you on something -- I do n't want to be sitting there and someone goes , `` I remember you lied to me ! '' So , why do that ?
Vin Diesel 's name keeps circulating as being in `` something '' Marvel related . I just picture you staring at the `` Fast & Furious '' franchise thinking , I 'd like a piece of that .
Well , here 's what I will tell you about Vin . And I 'll be very honest with you . We did a press day on the `` Captain America '' set last week or something . The very first question was , `` So how did the meeting with Vin Diesel go ? '' I went , `` Here 's the funny thing , it has n't happened yet . It happens at 3 p.m . today . '' And they went , `` Oh , really ? '' And it did and they came by and met . So , I 'll say two things : One , there 's nothing to announce with Vin . Vin is an amazing guy and an amazing personality .
Could an announcement come at D23 ?
No . It 's so far ahead it may not even exist . So , there 's nothing to announce . But , I love Vin and he 's an amazing personality . Look how much attention he 's gotten for a meeting . He 's incredibly shrewd . He 's got a Riddick movie that I ca n't wait to see . And the `` Fast & Furious '' franchise , in addition to Vin , is a franchise I admire a lot for turning the sixth and next year the seventh into the biggest and most popular one . As far as a piece of it ? Could someday we do a `` Luke Cage : Hero for Hire '' in that kind of vein . Totally .
How much power do you have over the Marvel entities at Sony and Fox ? Bryan Singer is using Quicksilver for `` X-Men '' and Joss Whedon is using another version of Quicksilver for the next `` Avengers . '' You do n't have the power to mediate that ?
Nope . The contracts are very specific and sometimes very old .
How does Quicksilver fall through to both ? Is it some sort of technicality ?
He 's one of the few characters that has a legitimate claim to two different teams .
When the contracts are written out , is there a list of every character that can be used ?
It 's evolved over the years . They have gotten much more specific over the years as Marvel and Fox and Sony hone down -- - and , certainly , when Marvel began making our own movies , the other studios went , `` Wait a minute . Who has what ? '' And we started being very specific about hundreds and hundreds of characters and where they belong . Quicksilver is one of those characters -- and there are only a handful of them that have a legitimate claim to multiple comic families . And that 's how they end up on a non-exclusive list .
`` Doctor Strange '' has been tossed around as a possible Phase 3 movie . What do you like about that character ?
Two things . One , they are a great individual singular character . He 's got a great personality . He 's got a great origin story . And he 's very , very different than any of our other characters . And , you know , we could find a great , great actor to bring that role to life . And a lot of people have been calling us , for years , about that . And they are a section of the Marvel universe -- like `` Guardians , '' is cosmic , and Thor and The Avengers sort of tease into that cosmic realm . They deal with other dimensions and they deal with the supernatural side of the Marvel universe -- which is extensive . And which we have n't dealt with at all in the Marvel cinematic universe . And arguably only in `` Blade '' -- and `` Ghost Rider , '' I guess -- touched on some of that stuff . So , to me , Doctor Strange is an in to a whole other corner of the Marvel universe that we have n't brought to life in movies yet .
I 've interviewed you before and you do a lot of press . But , who are you ?
[ Laughs ] Is this my therapy session ?
You 've become this famous guy in your own right that we ask spoiler-type questions to . There 's not many people in the position you 're in that are as well known .
Really ? Because the The New York Times just called me `` invisible . ''
I feel that you 're around a lot .
I think in a segment of the press -- in which you are one -- that 's the case . I think if you go outside that at all , that is not the case at all .
You 're almost like you 're own Marvel character now .
[ Laughs ] No .
You 're calling the shots .
If people know how to pronounce my last name , I 'm amazed and flattered .
So there are two mystery Phase 3 movie slots still out there .
Yes .
Everyone assumes one is `` Doctor Strange . '' So , for the sake of argument , let 's say that it is one of them . Do you have to go with something safe for the other slot ? Like `` Captain America 3 '' or `` Thor 3 '' ?
Well , I mean , I will tell you the nature of film releases nowadays is such that there are few key dates and you want to plant your flag on those dates . Which is now why you have seen announcements out to 2018 . I think many of those movies could change -- any of those release dates can change when you 're looking at five years ahead . But , your question is an interesting one -- and forget about the specifics of what the movie is about .
If you look at next year , you have a safe movie , `` Captain America : The Winter Soldier , '' and a risk , `` Guardians of the Galaxy . ''
None of them are safe . But , you 're right . Do you have a more established property and then introduce a new property ? That feels like a good ... it feels like it makes sense to me and is something that we consider when we 're putting the slate together . But a lot of it also depends on what 's ready and who 's available . It 's why we did n't put out another movie the year we put out `` Avengers . '' Because it 's so big . Although we are when `` Avengers 2 '' comes out with `` Ant-Man . ''
Mike Ryan is a senior writer for Huffington Post Entertainment . You can contact them directly on Twitter .
Emily Rogers has this to say :
Instead of focusing our attention solely on hardware , we should really be having a discussion about NX 's software .
Of course , we should . You will not believe how many people have a big presence on message forums and game websites that are influenced somehow by a check from Sony or Microsoft . This is why discussion about Nintendo and the NX is not… calibrated… correctly .
“ But FireEmblem_Man , ” they say…
“ NX hardware determines much . ”
“ NX controller will determine how things are played . ”
“ The accessories of NX are profitable which is why NX must be modular . ”
The console is just a box we buy to get to Mario . I did n't say that . The Great One , Yamauchi , said it . Miyamoto and Iwata mocked that saying when the Wii U was released and look what happened .
Yes , Nintendo is making new hardware , new controllers , new accessories , new online strategies , new IPS , and so on . None of this works without games .
Nintendo 's hardware development is governed by the software development . If the software guys do not want it , then the hardware guys are not going to put it in there . It 's that simple .
The reason why you are not seeing discussion of Nintendo 's software strategy , which dooms any true inquiry into Nintendo 's business strategy , is because it is not part of their profitable universe . What type of hardware , controller , and such is all interesting for third party and wannabe third party companies . The consumer , which is the axis of which all gaming revolves around , is not that concerned about it . To the consumer , hardware is nothing but junk unless games are presented . I expect NX hardware to be announced with NX games .
Nintendo also makes quality games . Having discussion about games instead of ‘ hardware ' is more favorable to Nintendo in a marketing persuasion . Many industry interests do not want this .
The big , big secret to console success is due to the software output . Let 's take a trip down memory lane .
Second Generation
In the Second Generation , when games were separate from the hardware ( the invention of the cartridge ) , it is clear that the consoles with the most games did the best . Atari 2600 was going to be pulled off shelves like the Channel F console until the release of an arcade port called Space Invaders . Space Invaders rocketed the Atari 2600 up , spurred more game releases , which snowballed .
Now , the Second Generation imploded most spectacularly . So many games were being released in 1983 that no one could buy them all . So many of the games were of terrible quality . The Game Industry declared the game console a dead relic with the future only being in arcades and computer PCs ( see Trip Hawkins , founder and president of Electronic Arts ) .
Third Generation
Nintendo takes a big investment gamble and releases the NES in the United States . What is significant here is that this was seen as madness after the Atari Crash . This is why “ ROB the Robot was made so the NES could be sold to distributors as ‘ toys ' instead of video games . The founder of NOA had market research saying this was a stupid move . But they ignored the market research . Why ? People were still playing video games in the arcades . The Famicom was successful in Japan . Why would Americans be so different ?
The software strategy of the NES is extremely important to understand the NES . The NES had a lockout chip ( which Atari would try to bypass and then hold Nintendo up in courts ) . Nintendo also limited third party companies to five games a year ( ! ) on the system . Some companies would make shell companies to release more games . This was to force quality into the game making . You had the Nintendo Seal of Approval . You also had Nintendo Power and all that really pushed and highlighted the more quality games ( and no , not all were Nintendo made . You should see Howard Phillips spazzing with glee over a preview of Mega Man 2 in the first issue of Nintendo Power ) . Nintendo even gave away Dragon Quest 1 while devoting a huge guide to Final Fantasy 1 .
Fourth Generation
Third parties do not like Nintendo 's controlled market of the console . EA 's Trip Hawkins goes so far to backwards engineer the Sega Genesis and dictates terms to Sega saying they are going to make whatever games they want . Sega has no choice but to agree ( but Sega imposes the similar restrictions as Nintendo ) . Nintendo lost the sports games to Sega which hurt Nintendo badly .
Despite Sega 's Sports push , Nintendo still manages to gain a ton of software support with JRPG 's , Fighting Games , and action Platform titles .
Fifth Generation
Sony , who had no experience with the Atari Crash like Nintendo or Sega had and who had consumer electronics in other markets , had another approach to the game console : flood it with software . Much to do has been made about Nintendo 64 's cartridges versus PlayStation 's CDs . Cheaper costs was n't so much about ‘ stealing ' third parties as it was about flooding the console market with them . Anything and everything was pushed out on the PlayStation . PC game makers also pushed out ports . As more PC game makers switched to the PlayStation console , this would trigger a defensive strategy from Microsoft to keep PC game makers on Microsoft 's architecture .
Sixth Generation
The PlayStation 2 's success is said to be a number of things from the DVD capability to being released a year early . The reality is that it was the games . The PlayStation 2 did not have the best launch lineup . However , it did have the best software pipeline ever . There was this one game on the PC called Grand Theft Auto . It was OK . The sequel was OK . But when Grand Theft Auto 3 was put out for the PlayStation 2 , it rocketed and rocketed the console as well . You never know where the next hit game is coming from , and so it is best to have a broad software strategy . This is the lesson Nintendo learned for the Seventh Generation .
Seventh Generation
The reasons why the Wii succeeded are said to be many from being ‘ omg casual ' to ‘ gimmick controls ' to ‘ cheap ' and such . But what is never discussed is that the Wii put out more software than the PS3 . Nintendo also did the same with the DS versus the PSP ( despite DS having cartridges and PSP having discs reversing the N64 ‘ cartridge ' myth ) . However , Nintendo 's strategy was right with the software pipeline but the hardware still could n't take the PC ports . The PC ports favored Xbox 360 mostly . When Call of Duty 2 , a sequel to a PC game , came out on the Xbox 360 , it began to rocket the console up . The sequels of Call of Duty further rocketed the Xbox 360 console . The port to the PC game called Minecraft also rocketed the Xbox 360 up . While ports of these games found their way to other systems , Xbox 360 greatly benefited from these PC ports .
Eighth Generation
There 's not to mention here except how poorly Nintendo put out software for the 3DS and Wii U. Microsoft no longer sees Sony as a threat so it appears Microsoft is beginning to cease using its console as a defensive strategy and more as another part of the Windows universe .
Ninth Generation
This remains to be seen . If Nintendo is serious , it will have a MASSIVE SOFTWARE PIPELINE . This can be done by combining the handheld and home console teams . It can also be done with hardware easier to put on PC ports .
The Great Software Pipeline is n't about Nintendo games… though this matter . It is about all games on the system . If you ask Reggie Fils-Aime , “ Reggie , what games should I buy with my new NX ? ” Reggies reply is going to be : “ All of them ! ”
The truth is that Sony 's console success has never been to uber hardware ( Sony 's hardware has generally sucked ) or DVD/Blu-Ray or marketing . Sony 's console success lies almost entirely on the Great Software Pipeline . Nintendo was able to outpace this pipeline in the Seventh Generation because Sony and Microsoft handicapped themselves with the early push to High Definition .
Can Nintendo outpace Sony in the Great Software Pipeline without such a handicap ? The answer would be no because Nintendo is split between handheld and home console . Sony , also has handheld , but not in the way Nintendo does . Sony 's PSP push might have hurt its PS3 push , and it might explain Sony 's tepid Vita push as Sony focuses on PS4 . With combining the handheld and home console , Nintendo is removing a handicap it has had around itself . Microsoft , of course , has no handheld to make software for .
I see Sony hurting itself by going into the VR and 4K area ( hurting itself meaning hurting the Great Software Pipeline ) . This gives an opening to Nintendo . Microsoft does n't seem to care about consoles lately , but we 'll see what they say at E3 .
Above : Selling game consoles is about creating a Great Software Pipeline of both First and Third Party games . It is not about the hardware . It also is n't about the Killer App . It is about the probability of creating killer-apps . The best way to increase that probability is release as many games as possible .
Comet Hergenrother which astronomers have been following for the past several weeks is splitting apart , according to reports from NASA .
The 168P/Hergenrother comet which reached the closest point of the sun in the first week of October was expected to faint , but a sudden outburst of gas and dust resulted in the comet becoming 500 times brighter than expected , reported EarthSky .
Amateur and professional astronomers have been following the icy-dirt ball ( comet ) for the past several weeks as it was spotted releasing a series of impressive outbursts of cometary-dust material . Hergenrother comet is currently passing through the inner-solar system .
Astronomers have noticed that the comet 's nucleus has moved to the next step and has started splitting into four individual pieces releasing large amounts of dust material . The fragmentation was initially observed on Oct. 26 using the Faulkes Telescope North in Haleakala , Hawaii and another telescope in Arizona .
`` Comet Hergenrother is splitting apart , '' Rachel Stevenson , a post-doctoral fellow working at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif , said in a statement from NASA .
`` Using the National Optical Astronomy Observatory 's Gemini North Telescope on top of Mauna Kea , Hawaii , we have resolved that the nucleus of the comet has separated into at least four distinct pieces resulting in a large increase in dust material in its coma , '' they said .
Comet Hergenrother was first discovered in 1998 by American astronomer Carl W. Hergenrother . They spotted the images taken by a telescope used in the Catalina Sky Survey .
It was initially thought that the comet had a parabolic orbit , which does not allow the comet to return . But astronomers later detected that it was a periodic comet that has an orbital period of 6.9 years . As part of its periodic nature , the comet is labeled as 168P/Hergenrother , a report in Astronomy magazine said .
Now that the comet is splitting apart , more dust material that has been released is reflecting the sun 's rays , thus increasing the brightness of the comet 's coma to a great extent .
`` The comet fragments are considerably fainter than the nucleus , '' said James Bauer , the deputy principal investigator for NASA 's NEOWISE mission , from the California Institute of Technology .
`` This is suggestive of chunks of material being ejected from the surface , '' they said .
The comet can be seen as appearing between the constellations of Andromeda and Lacerta . Experts pointed out that the comet and its fragments are not posing any threat to Earth .
CNN has barely covered the corruption trial of Democratic Senator Bob Menendez , but the network did n't always have an aversion to the corruption trials of sitting U.S. senators .
Back in 2008 , Republican Senator Ted Stevens got plenty of attention from CNN for their own corruption trial . When it came to reporting on Stevens , CNN rarely missed a day , and often updated viewers on the status of the trial multiple times in the same day . In the first three weeks of their trial ( Sept. 20 , 2008 to Oct. 11 , 2008 ) , CNN aired 36 stories about Stevens , compared to only 7 for Menendez in the exact same time period ( Sept. 5 , 2017 to Sept. 26 , 2017 ) – a six-to-one disparity .
If CNN journalists thought that the Stevens trial was worth covering , there 's no reason why they should n't be covering Menendez – other than the obvious partisan bias .
CNN managed to cover Stevens trial amid other major stories : Yes , there have been hurricanes , earthquakes and ramped-up tensions with North Korea since the Menendez trial began , but the Stevens trial in 2008 happened during the heat of a presidential campaign and a once-in-a-generation financial crisis , and CNN found a way to cover that case .
Yes , there have been hurricanes , earthquakes and ramped-up tensions with North Korea since the Menendez trial began , but the Stevens trial in 2008 happened during the heat of a presidential campaign and a once-in-a-generation financial crisis , and CNN found a way to cover that case . The charges against Menendez are actually more severe : Stevens was accused of failing to report a gift in the form of home renovations . However , there was no accusation of bribery or tit-for-tat . In contrast , Menendez is accused of reciprocating with multiple political favors following multiple unreported gifts over the course of a decade .
Stevens was accused of failing to report a gift in the form of home renovations . However , there was no accusation of bribery or tit-for-tat . In contrast , Menendez is accused of reciprocating with multiple political favors following multiple unreported gifts over the course of a decade . Both trials threatened to overturn party control of a Senate seat : Stevens lost re-election to a Democrat shortly after their conviction ; if Menendez is convicted , Republican Governor Chris Christie will appoint a replacement .
Menendez is accused of taking bribes worth $ 60,000 from wealthy friend Salomon Melgen , in exchange for political favors . According to prosecutors , Menendez started accepting gifts from Melgen in 2006 – the same year they were first elected to the Senate .
Stevens was accused of failing to report gifts totaling $ 250,000 . Although they were initially found guilty , the conviction was later dismissed before they 're sentencing when it came to light that the prosecution concealed evidence from the defense lawyers on multiple occasions . The case against Stevens was so badly managed that The New York Times called it an “ embarrassing cautionary tale about overzealous prosecuting . ”
In the scant coverage it has provided , CNN conceded that the Menendez trial is a huge deal . “ At stake : a lot , ” CNN Newsroom co-anchor Poppy Harlow admitted on September 25 . “ And it is huge . Not just for the senator , but if Menendez is found guilty , they would be the first senator to be convicted in corruption charges in decades . And if they leaf their seat within the next four months , well , Republican Governor Chris Christie of New Jersey would pick their replacement , likely flipping that blue seat to red . So this is high stakes . ”
< < < Please support MRC 's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today . > > >
Two U.S. service members were wounded in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday when their vehicle struck a roadside mine , the military said .
They were `` conducting a normal security patrol '' near the airport on the outskirts of Jalalabad city , capital of Nangarhar province , when `` their vehicle hit the improvised explosive device , '' the U.S. military 's spokesperson in Afghanistan , Brig . Gen. Charles Cleveland said .
`` The individuals were evacuated from the scene of the incident to Jalalabad Airfield for treatment , '' they said in a statement . The incident happened early Saturday morning , they said .
According to procedure , the troops were not identified .
The incident follows the death earlier this week of a U.S. service member , also in Nangarhar , where American military are involved in counter-terrorism operations against the Islamic State group and the Taliban .
So far seven U.S. service members have died in Afghanistan this year , according to an Associated Press tally .
In violence elsewhere in the country , three Afghan police officers were killed in an insurgent attack on Friday in southern Kandahar province , an official said Saturday .
Samim Khpolwak , spokesperson for the provincial governor in Kandahar said that insurgents attacked the police in the Maiwand district . They also said that four other police officers were wounded in the attack .
Other officials say around 20 police officers were killed . They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media . This figure could not be independently confirmed , but officials are often wary of revealing the full extent of the casualties suffered by Afghan security forces in the war with the Taliban , which is now entering its 16th year .
Also in Kandahar , Khpolwak said three children were killed and another four wounded in the Shah Wali Kot district after a bomb they found exploded .
The GDR2 update from Microsoft is slowly ( but surely ) rolling out to consumers across the world . That said , how many of us have actually received the update ? AdDuplex decided to run a quick test with the data accumulated in their monthly report . The results show that it 's a slow process , but other miscellaneous details are also included so let 's jump straight in .
It 's clear to see with the above chart how the update process is progressing . Just 3 percent of 1,009 Windows Phone apps running AdDuplex SDK are installed on Windows Phone 8 hardware running the latest version of the OS - including handsets that ship with the update pre-installed ( Lumia 925 , Lumia 625 , Lumia 1020 and possibly the Samsung ATIV S Neo ) . Microsoft has some way to go but it 's early days in the month of August . Have you had the GDR2 update on your Windows Phone ? Let us know in the comments along with which device you own . Do n't support 512MB RAM ? Your loss .
This is certainly an interesting piece of information for developers to take note of . The above chart shows there being more 512MB hardware than devices sporting 1GB of RAM . If you 're not supporting the former amount , or do n't intend to do so when launching an app , you could well be losing out on more than 50 market of the above market ( obviously this does not represent the entire ecosystem ) . Nokia Lumia 520 continuing to steamroll
The Lumia 520 is a special Windows Phone . It has been able to grow fairly rapidly in multiple markets , as was covered in previous AdDuplex reports . We can see in the above chart the handset overtaking the HTC 8S as the most popular device in France , but also effectively doubling its lead at the same time within a two-month period . India warming to Nokia 's Lumia 720
The IWF reports that as a consequence of the IOC 's reanalyses of samples from the 2012 London Olympic Games ( IOC – wave 2 ) , the samples of the following Athletes have returned Adverse Analytical Findings :
ZAIROV , Intigam ( AZE ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
ZABOLOTNAYA , Nataliya ( RUS ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
TSIREKIDZE , Rauli ( GEO ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone , Stanozolol ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
UTESHOV , Almas ( KAZ ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone , Stanozolol ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
TZARUKAEVA , Svetlana ( RUS ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
SIMSEK , Sibel ( TUR ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone , Stanozolol ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
KULESHA , Iryna ( BLR ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone , Stanozolol ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
KHURSHUDYAN , Hripsime ( ARM ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone , Stanozolol ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
IVANOV , Alexandr ( RUS ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone ( S1.1 Anabolic agents ) , Tamoxifen ( S4 . Hormone and metabolic modulators )
IOVU , Cristina ( MDA ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
DEMANOV , Andrey ( RUS ) – Dehydrochlormethyltestosterone ( S1.1 Anabolic agents )
In line with the relevant rules and regulations , the IWF imposed mandatory provisional suspensions upon the Athletes , who remain provisionally suspended in view of potential anti-doping rule violations until their cases are closed .
Following the IOC 's decisions , the IWF will be in a position to take over the results management of these cases .
Should it be determined in any of the cases that no anti-doping violation was committed , the relevant decision shall also be published .
The IWF will not make any further comments on the cases until they are closed .
Credit : Jeff Smith
When Jeff Smith took a break from writing and drawing their current Tüki Save the Humans series , something magical happened .
That is , it was something magical for fans of Smith 's now legendary epic Bone . Smith suddenly got an idea for one more Bone story — a `` coda '' for their award-winning series that ended in 2005 .
In July , readers will get their hands on Bone : Code , an all-new tale that picks up right where the original epic ended . The story is being published for the comic 's 25th anniversary ( since the first issue was published in 1991 ) , and it will be packaged with the Bone companion by Stephen Weiner , now fully illustrated with behind-the-scenes photos and drawings , as well as an afterward by the author .
Smith 's new Bone : Coda adventure will tell the story of the Bone cousins and Bartleby as they travel across the desert on their way back to Boneville . Newsarama talked with Smith to find out more about the new Bone story , whether the author 's style has changed at all , and when he 'll be getting back to Tüki .
Newsarama : Jeff , you took a break from Tüki to do another chapter of Bone ?
Jeff Smith : Yeah , it just came out . I 've been working on Tüki , but then I had to take a slight break because my arm was kind of bothering me . And during that break , I got this idea for this .
So my arm was feeling better and I just hit it . It came out really fast .
It was actually something I had started writing earlier , but I was trying to write something else . And then I just wrote this . And I thought it 'd be perfect for the 25th .
Nrama : Was it a case of you always kind of `` knowing '' what happened when the Bones got home ?
Smith : No , no . I just picked up where Bone left off and it was really fun , because the characters immediately came back . And just as immediately , ridiculous shit started to happen to them . [ Laughs . ] And it just came naturally . It was a lot of fun for me .
Nrama : I 'm sure that , even though you 've done a few series since Bone ended , you still visit these guys all the time through your fans , and I know you had Steve Hamaker working on the colors for Bone , and I 'm sure you still do new covers for things .
Smith : Yeah .
Nrama : You 've spent so many years with these characters , so you probably never lost touch with them .
Smith : Yeah , it never stopped being something that I was working on , which I never minded , because I love those characters . You know , I dragged them with me all through childhood and adolescence and now into me old age [ laughs ] , but I enjoy being with them . And finding an excuse to draw them again is great .
Nrama : You mentioned that it picks up where Bone left off . Is it the story of them getting back to Boneville ?
Smith : You 'll have to read it and see ! But it really does pick up right where the last chapter left off . We were joking about calling it Bone # 56 , but then I decided that people would think I was going to start doing a series again .
Nrama : Right , they 'd be waiting for # 57 .
Smith : Yeah , they would want a # 57 . And I do n't want to do that . Not until the 30th anniversary .
Nrama : It 's been awhile since you worked on these characters . You said it all came back to you . No change in the approach at all because of time and this being a different era ?
Smith : I did n't think about it consciously . I wondered if it would come back . But it did very quickly . I was surprised . A friend of mine looked at it and they said , `` This is like looking at something that you did 15 years ago and it was in a time machine or something . ''
So it came back pretty nicely .
I have to emphasize that it 's not a very important story . It 's mostly just silly , ridiculous Bone stuff . But it was still fun for me to spend time with them .
Nrama : And I 'm sure , still fun for readers to spend time with them . Tell me about the rest of the book where this issue is appearing , the companion .
Smith : The guy who wrote it just self-published this on the web . But they did n't have any pictures or anything . And I said , well , what if we illustrate it , fully illustrate it , for this 25 anniversary project ? And so that 's what 's different about it .
The second two-thirds of the book will be the Bone Companion and sort of this thank-you letter I 'm writing to the fans and to the comic book community . And both of those are going to be heavily illustrated with comics and with photos . Hopefully it will be fun .
Nrama : But you 're still working on Tüki , right ?
Smith : Yes . It got pushed off to the side for this 25th anniversary thing . And I 'm also thinking about doing some reworking on it . During this period , I 've re-colored the entire thing . So when Tüki comes back , it 's going to be relaunched , I think . We 've been retooling it while we were working on the 25th anniversary .
And I 've got some story ideas I want to get to .
But that 's a different conversation .
But yeah , Tüki is something I still really like and believe in .
Nrama : When you said you 're reworking it… I thought , uh oh , is there new science ?
Smith : No , no , no , no . I actually , the science that keeps coming out actually kind of backs me up . I picked the right track . There are different tracks , you know ? Different scientists believe different things . You have to kind of choose what 's most believable . And fortunately , I picked the one that they keep finding more evidence for .
Nrama : OK , we 'll talk about Tüki more when you have more to talk about , I guess .
Smith : Sure , sure .
Nrama : I think it 's exciting for fans of Bone to not only get this new story from you , but get the companion too .
Smith : Yeah , it should be . I think it 'll be fun , and since they 're going to be so heavily illustrated , I think it 'll be a good way to spend some time at the beach .
Nrama : And what anniversary is this ? Twenty-fifth ? Really ? That long ?
Smith : I know ! July 1991 .
Nrama : Are we old ?
Smith : Oh yes ! I do n't know if you are . But I am .
It has been really fun watching how happy people are to see any new Bone pages . I hope they enjoy them .
Nrama : And during that 25 years , the audience and the marketing for Bone has evolved so much .
Smith : Oh yeah . Twenty-five years ago it was me and Vijaya with a bunch of comic books in our trunk . It 's gotten a little more sophisticated since then .
Hi Laura ,
Always great to read your work .
Worthy of an entire essay , is the effects of inequality in America , such as crime always related to inequality ,
( One in 31 U.S . Adults are Behind Bars , on Parole or Probation | http : //www.pewtrusts.org/en/about/news-room/press-releases/0001/01/01/one-in-31-us-adults-are-behind-bars-on-parole-or-probation )
educational deficiencies , lower grades for kids with nutritional deficiencies , physical and mental health issues faced by low-incomes and working poors , lower productivity and lowered opportunities for many .
All of these negatives and more , conspire to lower the overall value of society and drives up costs for everyone . ( Think of your car insurance rates . During the boom years of the 60 's , was it ever heard-of that kids would 'key ' the paint jobs of every car on the street -- especially the newest and most luxurious cars ? Nowadays , that 's common . It 's anger . Anger that their opportunities have been taken away )
While 'Grandma and Grandpa bought a new Chrysler Imperial every 2 years ' in the 60 's , 'Mom and Dad only bought a new car once ' as we grew up , has now morphed into , 'we ca n't afford to own a car . '
And that 's just one example .
How is this good for the economy ?
It 's not just lost opportunity for youth , the unemployed , or the working poor ( which is a huge segment of the populace now ) it is a huge loss for major U.S. corporations like GM , Ford and Chrysler .
The largest number of citizens with real purchasing power , can fuel an entire economy -- the things we export are then , merely the 'gravy ' in the economy .
We need to get back to that .
Paying people peanuts wo n't do it , as we have seen .
Best regards , JBS
More options : Share , Mark as favorite
The table above ( click to enlarge ) is an update of one I 've posted several times before , here 's a link to the most recent CD post on this topic from April 2013 . These posts in the past have generated a lot of interest and comments , so I thought it was time to do an update now that 2013 data are available . The table displays acceptance rates to US medical schools for Asians , whites , Hispanics and blacks with various combinations of MCAT scores and GPAs for 2013 , based on data from the Association of American Medical Colleges ( AAMC ) .
For 2013 , the average GPA of all students applying to medical schools was 3.54 and the average MCAT score was 28.4 ( data here ) . The highlighted blue column in the middle of the table displays the acceptance rates of four racial groups for applicants to US medical schools with GPAs that fall in the 3.40-3.59 range containing the average GPA , and with MCAT scores in the range between 27-29 that contains the average score of 28.4 . Acceptance rates for students with slightly higher and slightly lower than average GPAs and test scores are displayed in the other columns . In other words , the table displays acceptance rates by race and ethnicity for students applying to US medical schools with average academic credentials , and just slightly above and slightly below average credentials .
Here are some observations :
1 . For those students applying to medical school with average GPAs ( 3.40 to 3.59 ) and average MCAT scores ( 27-29 ) , black applicants were almost four times more likely to be admitted than Asian applicants ( 81.0 % vs. 22.5 % ) , and 2.44 times more likely than white applicants ( 81.0 % vs. 33.2 % ) . Likewise , Hispanic students with average GPAs and average MCAT scores were about twice as likely to be accepted to medical school compared to white applicants ( 64.1 % vs. 33.2 % ) , and almost three times as likely as Asian applicants ( 64.1 % vs. 22.5 % ) . Overall , black ( 81 % ) and Hispanic ( 64.1 % ) applicants with average GPAs ( 3.40 to 3.59 ) and average MCAT scores ( 27-29 ) were accepted to medical school at rates much higher than the average acceptance rate of 34.6 % for all students with those academic credentials .
2 . For students applying to medical school with slightly below average GPAs of 3.20-3.39 and slightly below average MCAT scores of 24-26 ( first column in the table ) , black applicants were more than 8.5 times more likely to be admitted to medical school than Asians ( 65.8 % vs. 7.7 % ) , and 7 times more likely than whites ( 65.8 % vs. 9.4 % ) . Compared to the average acceptance rate of 19 % for all students applying with that combination of GPA and MCAT score , black and Hispanic applicants were much more likely to be accepted , and white and Asian applicants were much less likely to be accepted to medical schools .
3 . We find the same pattern for students with slightly above average academic credentials . For example , for applicants with MCAT scores of 30-32 ( slightly above average ) and GPAs between 3.40-3.59 ( average ) , the acceptance rates for blacks ( 93.1 % ) and Hispanics ( 83.1 % ) were much higher than the acceptance rate for whites ( 49.2 % ) and Asians ( 43.7 % ) with those academic credentials .
Bottom Line : Like in my previous posts , I 'm concluding again that 2013 medical school acceptance rates suggest that medical schools must have “ affirmative discrimination ” and “ racial profiling ” admission policies that favor blacks and Hispanics over Asian and white students , for applicants with the same academic credentials ( GPA and MCAT score ) . Even if factors other than GPA and MCAT scores ( which are probably the two most important ones ) are considered for admission to medical school , would n't it still be very hard to conclude that admissions policies to medical schools are completely “ race-neutral ” and completely free of any “ racial profiling ” practices that favor blacks and Hispanics ?
Here 's why the issue is important : In some states like California , Washington , Florida , Texas , Oklahoma , New Hampshire , and Michigan , racial preferences in college admissions are currently prohibited by state law . For example , Proposal 2 in Michigan , which was passed into Michigan Constitutional law by a 58 % margin of voters in 2006 , states :
The University of Michigan , Michigan State University , Wayne State University , and any other public college or university , community college , or school district shall not discriminate against , or grant preferential treatment to , any individual or group on the basis of race , sex , color , ethnicity , or national origin in the operation of public employment , public education , or public contracting .
The AAMC does n't provide acceptance data by individual medical school , so we ca n't conclude that any of the four medical schools at public universities in Michigan ( University of Michigan , Michigan State , Wayne State and Oakland University ) are practicing illegal “ affirmative discrimination ” or “ racial profiling ” in admissions , but it 's clear that Michigan state law , and the laws in several other states , expressly prohibit that practice . Based on national data , is there any conclusion other than the obvious one – that US medical schools are giving special preferences for admissions on the basis of race , at least for certain preferred minority groups ( blacks and Hispanics ) over non-preferred minority groups ( Asians ) and whites ? When a black applicant with average academic credentials is almost four times more likely to be admitted to a US medical school than an equally qualified Asian applicant , what other conclusion is there ?
The United States , which has been helping draft a new Security Council resolution aimed at penalizing North Korea since its most recent nuclear test nearly a month ago , reacted angrily to news of a missile launch .
“ This latest announcement further underscores the need for the international community to send the North Koreans a swift , firm message that its disregard — that their disregard for U.N. Security Council obligations will not be tolerated , ” said the State Department spokesperson , John Kirby .
In Seoul , Cho Tae-yong , deputy chief of the presidential office of national security , warned that North Korea would have to pay “ a harsh price ” if it did not cancel the launch . They called the North Korean plan a “ direct challenge to the international community . ”
The North 's announcement also complicated the mission of a senior Chinese envoy , Wu Dawei , who arrived in Pyongyang on the same day it was made . Beijing has been insisting on patience and dialogue as better ways to resolve disputes with the North .
North Korea had notified the International Maritime Organization of some earlier rocket tests .
Another United Nations agency , the International Telecommunication Union , said Tuesday that it also had been notified by the North Koreans of an impending launch , but without specifying a date range . An agency spokesperson , Sanjay Acharya , said it had been advised by Kim Kwang-chol , the North Korean minister of posts and telecommunications , that the satellite was designed to function for four years .
NEW DELHI : Finance minister Arun Jaitley has reaffirmed the Narendra Modi government 's commitment to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Generation Scheme and promised increased allocation of funds and other resources for the flagship rural development scheme that completed ten years on Tuesday. “ This would be the first year when there would not be any cut in the allocation in NREGS or any other social sector scheme . We will in fact see an increase , ” Jaitley said while addressing MGNREGA Sammelan on Tuesday . “ This is also the first year when all the funds allocated were utilized by NREGS , ” they said . NREGS was allocated Rs 37,000 crore this fiscal , the highest ever budgetary support extended to the scheme , the finance minister said . While India is growing at a faster pace than the rest of the global economy , the domestic sector has not been able to contribute much to this growth , they said. “ Rains have not just impacted country 's farm output but also shrunk the rural demand. ” Jaitley said the government will step in to increase expenditure on development in areas including rural electrification , roads and irrigation to spur rural demand.He said the rural economy is in pain and the relevance of NREGS is political , social and economical in the current climate. “ When the government changed in 2014 , there was speculation about whether we will reduce the allocation to NREGS or change the scheme . But the new government has just not just taken it forward but also raised allocation to NREGS , ” the finance minister said . Criticising the implementation of the scheme during the tenure of the UPA government , which introduced the scheme , Jaitley said that in its 7-8th year “ a sadness that was creeping into the scheme ” . “ After a few years a scheme at times becomes a formality , ” they said.Rural development minister Birender Singh said that in 2015-16 the person-day generation of work under NREGS was the highest in the second and third quarter at 45.88 crore and 46.10 crore , respectively , than it has been in the last five years. “ Timely release of funds to states to provide work on demand , an electronic fund management system , and consistent coordination between banks and post offices , besides monitoring of pendency of payments , have led to the revival of NREGS , ” Singh said .
In the EDA industry 's quest to enable more and more activities pre-silicon , a lot of technical challenges have been overcome . As it turns out , though , overcoming organizational challenges within user organizations is sometimes proving just as difficult .
Writing this while I am at DATE in Dresden , Germany , I am also preparing for two panels on system-level trends later today and one on software-driven verification tomorrow . I am also visiting partners and customers to discuss our current and planned technologies . A while ago I had augmented “ Leibson 's Law ” stating that it takes 10 years for any disruptive technology to be adopted by designers , with my own “ Schirrmeister 's Law ” . Schirrmeister 's Law states that the likeliness of a new design technology to be adopted by a project team is inversely proportional to the number of changes you ask the project team to do .
As I meet with customers , I am finding more and more examples of this situation being absolutely true . And some of them are exacerbated by organizational challenges within the companies in which they operate . Clayton Christensen has famously remarked in every high-tech product manager 's bible , “ The Innovator 's Dilemma , ” that sometimes designs will reflect more of the organizational structure of a company than actual customer needs . The same seems to be true for design processes to develop them .
The illustration below shows what we are trying to achieve – which can be looked at as the great shift of design technologies to the left .
It indicates a design flow from spec to silicon , including production and post-silicon validation . Hardware has to be developed as integration of IP into sub-systems , sub-systems into systems on chip ( SoCs ) , and SoCs into systems . Complex software stacks , from bare metal software to operating systems to middleware and applications , have to be able to execute on the various processors in the system . A lot of the improvements currently happening in optimizing system design processes are focused on delivering engines that can execute hardware representations earlier in the design cycle . These engines must also be fast enough that more cycles can be executed on them , both for verification and software development .
Specifically , more and more tests that are done post-silicon are attempted to be run pre-silicon . And , of course , software development has become so complex that some of it has to be brought up as a requirement for tapeout – like booting to the prompt in an operating system . While there remains lots of room for improvement , we have come a long way . Virtual prototyping in some cases allows software development parallel to RTL development . Hybrid combinations of virtual prototypes and hardware-assisted engines like emulation and FPGA-based prototyping accelerate the software execution 10X to 60X while maintaining RTL accuracy of key aspects of the design . Users report that bring-up of designs in processor-based emulation has become so efficient , that they can switch several RTL images per day even though RTL is not mature yet , greatly accelerating their debug cycle .
So what does the dog do when finally reaching the tail they chase ? Apparently in the design world , users may need to overcome some organizational challenges when the technical solution arrives ! I have now seen cases in which a virtual prototype of a design under development has become available in a timely fashion . It turns out that the organization was not ready for it . In a pipelined project flow , the software developers – the ones that would have been the beneficiaries of that early availability – were simply not available because they were tied up in a previous project , i.e . the chip prior .
Similar effects are happening in the testing and post-silicon validation world . When looking at projects , it seems clear the verification pre-silicon and the testing and validation post-silicon availability could benefit from each other . Tests post-silicon could help pre-silicon , and some of the verification aspects performed pre-silicon could influence post-silicon validation . We have seen some great examples at previous DACs , like Teledyne Lecroy showing in a presentation called “ Ubiquitous PCI Express Verification from Simulation through Post-Silicon Development ” how to use post-silicon PCI protocol testing equipment together with Palladium® emulation . Another example is Rohde & Schwartz showing in a presentation called “ LTE-Advanced with Palladium XP ” how to connect wireless test equipment normally used to test silicon to designs running in Palladium emulation well in advance of silicon availability . It turns out though that for adoption of these approaches , some of the challenges are organizational in nature , with the design side and the production validation side of a development house using fundamentally different tools and methods .
Optimizing adoption of new design technologies will remain an interesting challenge going forward , considering the organizational situation project teams find themselves in . I remain optimistic , though , as I have more and more discussions with customers ( jointly with partners ) that have in the past been seen primarily in the post-silicon validation space . And organizational challenges can be overcome after all , at least when the value of the results is clearly quantifiable and well understood .
Fun times ahead !
BELGAUM : A seven-year-old girl was rescued late on Tuesday night from the ashram of a self-styled godman in a Belgaum village , where they had been forcibly confined for 20 days in an underground cell.Police raided the premises of Chandragiri Mutt at Zunjarwad village in Athani taluk , 180km from Belgaum , and arrested the godman Sadashiv alias Appayya Swami and their aide , Gurupadgouda Patil.The rescued girl , who the accused claimed had been adopted by him , was admitted in the Athani government hospital . The girl is stable but traumatized , said hospital authorities.Pushpalata Sunnadakal , chief medical officer of Athani hospital , dismissed claims of Appayya Swami that the girl had not taken food and liquid for the past 20 days and that they had been kept alive through spiritual power.The police team found food , water , lamp , kerosene and items used for rituals inside the 11ftx11ft wide and 9ft high cell where the girl , Nijalingamma Channappa Dodamani , was kept.Following the incident , Arun Neeralagatti , district child protection officer , visited the spot and rescued five more children from the ashram.The event had in fact been publicized as Yog Samadhi by the ashram authorities around 20 days ago . Claiming that it was being done for the welfare of humankind , the godman conducted a ritual claiming that the girl would be burnt alive and brought back to life on Shivarathri.Pamphlets were distributed and donations were sought among villagers . According to plan , ashram authorities placed the girl under logs of wood and burnt the pyre.As hundreds of devotees witnessed the event amid chants , the girl was whisked away and their body smeared with black paint and ash to show that they had been charred to death . Later they were confined in the underground cellar and the modus operandi was to produce them alive on Shivarathri day.Appayya Swami claimed they had adopted the girl and that their parents are from Soorpali in Jamkhandi taluk of Bagalkot district . However , sources in the women and child welfare department said that the adoption was illegal as no mandatory adoption procedures were followed.Tahsildar Pavate said they were surprised that the villagers of Zunjarwad had not informed authorities about this earlier . `` At least , local gram panchayat members or women groups should have informed us , '' they said.District commissioner N Jayaram said the government will take up the responsibility of the rescued girl , including tracing their family and their schooling . `` Besides , the construction of the mutt is illegal and authorities will look into it , '' they said.A case has been registered against the accused Appayya Swami and their aides . Further investigation is on , said S R Patil , DySP , Chikkodi.The godman has been a controversial figure in an area , steeped in superstition . Nine months ago , they had dropped their clothes in front of the camera saying they were free of sexual desires when some journalists sought their reaction over rape charges levelled against him.In 2010 , Appayya had been booked for attempt to suicide after they claimed to have sat in an underground cell without food and air for 15 days , surviving only on their spiritual powers . Two atrocity cases had registered against them but they were acquitted in both cases as they were proven false due to lack of evidence .
So far , 2016 has been a lame year for wearable tech . The best watches and fitness bands you can buy right now were , for the most part , released in 2015 . That 's because you can practically count the number of new and notable wearable things that debuted in the first five months of this year on one hand : The Fitbit Blaze , Fitbit Alta and -- for hardcore runners -- several new GPS watches from Garmin . Maybe interesting to some , but hardly to everyone .
But that 's going to change . And all indications point to a flood of stuff coming -- this fall .
So much wearable tech in autumn
Google unveiled its vision of how Android Wear 2.0 will improve smartwatches , adding better fitness tracking , improved ways to respond to messages with handwriting recognition and smart keyboards , and off-watch apps that will work over cellular watch connections . But it 's not coming until this fall . And with it , expect a new wave of Android Wear watches .
Pebble just announced that its next Pebble 2 and Pebble Time 2 smartwatches will add heart rate on-wrist and , in the case of the Time 2 , be more affordable . Heck , there 's even the Core coming next year , which is n't even a watch at all . Pebble watches will get a new software update that will add extra features . But for the newest tech , you 'll have to wait until September ( or November for Time 2 ) .
Apple , meanwhile , has n't had a new Apple Watch since the debut model hit in April of 2015 . ( It just got a price cut last month . ) It now seems ever more likely that Apple Watch 2 will arrive in the fall also . Alongside the iPhone 7 would make a lot of sense , obviously . Apple will detail the next visions for watchOS at their WWDC developer conference in a few weeks . We 'll know a lot more then .
Samsung 's Gear S2 debuted last fall . Odds are an update could be here this fall . Seems like it would make sense , no ?
If you get something wearable now , it may or may not be outdated in a few months
It 's weird timing to know about so many things coming down the road , right as summer is about to start . Smartwatches and fitness trackers might get grandfathered into updates coming this fall , or could get left out of features you 'd want . Some of Google 's existing Android Wear watches , like the LG Watch Urbane LTE and Huawei Watch , are safer bets for future-proofing . Pebble 's existing Time watches will get upcoming software updates . The existing Apple Watch will likely get new software , too . Fitbit 's current trackers , especially the 2016 Blaze and Alta , seem like the best get-now bets .
But if I were considering buying something wearable now , I 'd wait . Or I 'd get something priced so affordably that I would n't mind upgrading again later on ... or something I 'm fine living with for what it is . Wearable tech is largely a field of imperfect products . Any sort of improvements is probably worth waiting for .
September and onward . It 's not that far away , as long as you can deal with whatever 's still on your wrist .
Well , that went just how you 'd expect it to go .
The NFL Network 's morning show , `` NFL HQ , '' asked viewers on Wednesday to use the Twitter hashtag # AskJerryJones for its upcoming interview with the Cowboys owner .
Given what has gone on with the Cowboys and Greg Hardy this season , Twitter users were champing at the bit to get in on # AskJerryJones .
Article continues below ...
To say things turned ugly would be an understatement .
Here is a sampling of tweets people sent to the NFL Network .
# AskJerryJones if you could go back in time and murder baby Hitler , would you do it or sign them as a defensive back ? — Mike Gessner ( @ calbears96 ) November 25 , 2015
Rae Carruth is expected to be released from prision in 2018 . With a need at WR , will you be interested in signing him ? # askjerryjones — Parm ( @ KingFavre ) November 25 , 2015
Who would you want to see in a Cowboys uniform more Jeffery Dahmer or William Gacy ? # AskJerryJones — # 1 Eggnog Fan™ ( @ moleloco ) November 25 , 2015
Which prisons do you plan on visiting in the off-season looking for new players ? # AskJerryJones — # 1 Eggnog Fan™ ( @ moleloco ) November 25 , 2015
If ISIS could get to the QB on 3rd down , would you sign them ? # AskJerryJones — John Q. Cowboys Fan ( @ HonestBoysFan ) November 25 , 2015
Is there any crime a football player could commit that would actually stop you from signing him ? # askjerryjones — NRGStadiumGrass ( @ NRGGrassField ) November 25 , 2015
Is it easier for players to pay hush money settlements to victims to get them to disappear , rather than hassle with court ? # AskJerryJones — Brian Marette ( @ BrianMarette ) November 25 , 2015
Since Joseph Randle assaulted a police officer do you plan on re-signing them and making them the starter ? # AskJerryJones — Anthony Beers ( @ AnthonyBeers ) November 25 , 2015
@ NFLHQ Why would you cut a guy for not wearing a suit on a road trip , yet defend & empower one that beat their ex-gf to a pulp ? # AskJerryJones — Boar Consumer ( @ BoarConsumer ) November 25 , 2015
If OJ Simpson , Greg Hardy , and Pablo Escobar were all in their prime and available which one would you sign ? # AskJerryJones — Brendan O'Connor ( @ brendanoconnor0 ) November 25 , 2015
# AskJerryJones What is the secret to finding future Cowboys players ? Looking through police blotters ? Scouting prison yard pick-up games ? — Lane French ( @ LaneFrench ) November 25 , 2015
@ nflnetwork @ dallascowboys @ NFLHQ On a scale from 1-Charles Manson , how insane does a person need to be for u 2 not sign them # AskJerryJones — Ryan Roozeboom ( @ roozeboom36 ) November 25 , 2015
The person who allowed and equipped me to jump over the class barriers staring us in the face was my mother . They never finished college or hung out with people who worked in “ white-collar ” jobs ( I did n't know what those were until I reached high school ) . But they read and they worked , and they took advantage of Washington D.C. 's free museums and libraries to teach me just how much was possible , even if the window looked tinted at the moment . Anything I am ever able to do or achieve is attributable to them and their living example of hard work in the face of failure , determination in the face of setbacks , and perspective in the face of adversity .
As my mother said , life is hard .
And : On a scale of major world tragedies , yours is not a three .
I am thankful to have been raised by my mother and the community of single moms of which they were a part : women frequently knocked around in public for destroying American values but who actually embody the most American of values—hard work , decency to all , generosity to those not as fortunate , perseverance , sacrifice for the next generation , and a deep understanding that nothing is easy . Watching them go each day to jobs they did n't love without complaining while making the absolute most of the little we had—dollar movies , consignment shops , neighborhood plays , and warehouse grocery stores— I learned to never look for the lazy win , but instead seek the hard-won victory .
When I was growing up , my mother worked as a service representative at the phone company each day , fielding people 's complaints , and sold Tupperware at night . My father paid child support on occasion , but those occasions were few . So it was up to them to figure out how to not only support us , but also to fund piano lessons , gymnastics class , and Sunday school , all of which they thought were important to future success , moral consistency , and future mobility . Payment plans were our dear friends . And the Marshall 's layaway window featured prominently in our lives .
My mother never graduated from college , but they never let me think I had any choice but to be educated . As educated as I could be . And they taught—and urged—me to not see elite institutions as the domain of others , but as a natural destination , despite the fact that we did n't know a soul who had attended anything that resembled Harvard or Yale . “ Maryland , Maryland or Maryland , ” they would tell me when discussing my many options for college . Still , they made clear that if I got a scholarship anything was possible . They themselves had not given up on higher education : On evenings when they are n't selling Tupperware , they attended night classes at University of Maryland University College . I would sit outside in the hallway while they studied , doing my homework , knowing that they and I were both stuck in classwork .
This Mother 's Day I want to pay tribute to my mom . They and so many other women in my neighborhood worked one , usually two jobs , with no glamour , little pay and minimal respect , and fought hard each day for their kids to have a life that was far easier , less stressful , and more stable than their own . As a beneficiary of their toil , grit , and grace , and in acknowledgment to all those single mothers out there working right now , in this moment , for the same things , I wish you all a Happy Mother 's Day .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
[ Episcopal News Service ] The Rev . Karen King woke up to flames in the middle of the night Oct. 8 in their Oakmont Village home east of Santa Rosa , California .
“ We could see the flames jumping on the top of the ridges of Annadel [ State Park ] that separate us from Kenwood , ” said King , who is the interim priest at St. Patrick 's Episcopal Church in Kenwood . “ We could see the fires all around us . And we left , thinking we could go home in the morning , and we 've never been home . ”
They and their spouse , Judith Kesot , went to the Montgomery Village Shopping Center parking lot along with many other people . The shopping center is on the other side of Annadel State Park and closer to Santa Rosa proper .
The nearby Presbyterian Church of the Roses opened its doors to everyone in the shopping center parking lot and to anybody who passed on the street , King said . “ It was just amazing what they did , ” they said .
As many as 21 people are reported dead as of Oct. 11 in the inferno that began sweeping through Northern California , primarily the state 's wine country , the night of Oct. 8 . Authorities say they are bracing for more deaths , in part because hundreds of people are listed as missing , including 560 in Sonoma County alone . The National Interagency Fire Center in Boise , Idaho , says in its latest report that 1,189 structures burned as of 5:30 a.m. MDT Oct. 11 .
There are 12 large uncontained fires , according to the center , including two named fires and four “ complexes ” of fires . Two of the fire complexes are exhibiting “ extreme ” or “ moderate ” fire behavior that is threatening residences and other structures . None of the fires have been contained , and they comprise 120,797 acres . That is an increase in acreage of almost 24,000 . Nearly 3,480 people are battling the blazes .
King spoke by phone with Episcopal News Service from the rectory of the Church of the Incarnation in downtown Santa Rosa , just outside of the city 's northern evacuation zone . The Rev . Jim Richardson , Incarnation 's priest-in-charge , offered King and Kesot a place in the church 's rectory .
King later told ENS that they had heard that no homes burned in Oakmont , but they still do not know what has happened to the church in Kenwood . “ Yesterday morning – it seems so long ago – I was told that a tree had fallen on the office at St. Patrick , ” they said .
Meanwhile , they said , they are trying to keep track of some 90-year-old parishioners “ until their families can get here to pick them up . ”
Diocese of Northern California Bishop Barry Beisner said Oct. 9 that “ these tragic fires have greatly impacted some of our congregations . ”
“ Some of our people have experienced great loss . ”
Episcopal Relief & Development staff members have been in touch with diocesan partners in the region and are standing by to help .
Richardson said on Oct. 10 that they know of parishioners who have lost their homes . “ They are safe but their homes are not , ” they said .
None of those folks are at Incarnation , having gone to stay with family or friends , but the rectory was now a temporary home to “ three people , two dogs and one cat. ” Four or five people were in the church building . Richardson offered the property to Sonoma County as an official evacuation center but was told that the country had run out of cots and other supplies . St. Stephen 's in Sebastopol in the southern part of the county is listed as an official shelter .
Incarnation 's church and rectory are on the north side of downtown Santa Rosa , just blocks from the larger of the city 's two evacuation zones , they said .
Areas under mandatory evacuation # TubbsFire pic.twitter.com/X3O0GzgC37 — City of Santa Rosa ( @ CityofSantaRosa ) October 9 , 2017
Most parishioners and neighbors who had other places to go have left . “ Most people want to get the heck further away from here. ” Others “ really want to stay close by , hoping they can get back to their houses , ” Richardson added .
On the morning of Oct. 10 , Richardson said Santa Rosa was chaotic “ but it 's not as bad as yesterday ” when people were fleeing the fires ' advance . Thousands of people were forced to evacuate , including patients from several hospitals and residents of Spring Lake Village , an Episcopal retirement community .
Along with King , the diocese said that Episcopal evacuees include Dean Mary Hauck of the Sierra Deanery ; recently retired rector of Holy Trinity , Nevada City , Christopher Seal ; the Rev . Linda Clader , associate at St. Paul 's , Healdsburg , and retired homiletics professor at Church Divinity School of the Pacific in Berkeley ; and former Bishop of Rhode Island George Hunt .
Along with Incarnation in Santa Rosa , Emmanuel in Grass Valley and St. Stephen 's in Sebastopol opened their doors as shelters for some of the displaced . St. Dorothy 's Episcopal Camp and Retreat , known by generations of Episcopalians as St. Dorothy 's Rest , said late on Oct. 10 that it could shelter people as long as the Camp Meeker , California , facility in the hills above Bodega Bay had power . However , staff members said in a Facebook post that they anticipated losing power in the next 24 hours .
Meanwhile beyond the eastern side of the fires , the Bishop 's Ranch in Healdsburg reported late on Oct. 10 that the Diocese of California conference and retreat center was safe but smoky .
Richardson said that the fires , whose cause is still unknown , came completely by surprise and were driven by strong winds . Richardson , who lives in Sacramento with their wife Lori Korleski Richardson , the interim communications director for the Diocese of Northern California , was headed home after services in Santa Rosa on Oct. 8 when they noticed the winds kicking up .
“ Then they really started roaring up to 75 miles per hour , ” coming off the Nevada and Utah deserts to the east . Richardson , who used to be a reporter in Southern California , recognized them as similar to the Santa Ana winds that often turn October and November into fire season in that part of the state .
But , “ I have lived [ in Northern California ] off and on my whole life and I do n't ever remember Santa Ana winds , ” they said .
Richardson got a telephone call at 5 a.m. Oct. 9 from Incarnation Parish Administrator Alison Cole telling him , “ Santa Rosa 's on fire . ”
“ I said , ‘ What ? ' ”
After meeting with diocesan officials later that morning , Richardson set off for Santa Rosa , a trip that normally takes about two hours . They did not get there until afternoon because many roads were closed as the fires spread .
A curfew imposed on Santa Rosa the night of Oct. 9 made the city feel very quiet , they said . After they got done talking with ENS the morning of Oct. 10 , Richardson planned to track down some parishioners who were evacuated from a local hospital .
And , “ we will see again if we are needed to be shelter tonight , ” they added .
— The Rev . Mary Frances Schjonberg is interim managing editor of the Episcopal News Service .
Editor 's note : This story was updated Oct. 11 at 3:40 p.m. EDT to update fire statistics and to add news about St. Dorothy 's Rest and the Bishop 's Ranch .
February 12
Royal Guard Cape Armour Set ( available in customisation settings )
Extra Head Packs ( Also Available as Steam DLCs )
Priority Join ( 2 `` Above Capacity '' Slots for Supporters )
Exclusive Discord Roles + supporter-only channel
Updated Accolades for recent Community Tournaments
Player Heads in Scoreboard to ease identification of players in-game
KDR always rendered to 2 decimal places
Mapcycle Cleanup is underway at the moment , with more active cycling of older maps happening through # democracy on Discord
TDM map tweaks
Spanish Translation fixes
Chinese and Japanese translations in the works ( see github )
Full Changelog : [ added ] synced armour set variable for players [ added ] cape class armour tied to armour setting + unlocked with tier [ added ] tier 2+ support unlocks extra heads packs [ added ] patreon popup link/image [ added ] PatronSupport.as to handle rules-side patron support - added to all vanilla gamemode.cfg [ added ] 2 patron extra capacity slots [ modified ] replaced irc with patreon ( goodnight sweet prince ) Maps : [ modified ] Mapcycle - move 8 old maps to returning maps pool [ modified ] map : pressurecooker - more open , longer time to flood [ added ] TDM Map FortMercury ( not in cycle ) Tweaks : [ added ] KDR always has two decimal places [ added ] player heads to scoreboard [ added ] separate required tier to head packs as alternative way of unlocking them [ added ] epsilon to Cruxiat 's head Accolades : [ modified ] Updated accolade_data.cfg with 5 tournaments [ fixed ] Shy github accolade . Broke with name change . Translation : [ modified ] Russian : Translated accolades and new emotes menus [ modified ] Update Spanish_es.json to fix typos Modding : [ added ] supportTier to apiplayer script bind [ added ] new native ImageData : :remap function for performance [ moved ] fetchFromRules renamed to fetchRunnerTexture [ modified ] filename digest in paletteswap [ modified ] CGridMenu : :SendCommand no longer passes through default params [ modified ] script join processing hooks get APIPlayer instead of just username , so they can access tier , registration time , role , etc as well
Hey Folks ! You can nowover here ! We 've been working towards unveiling this for a while and we ca n't wait to hear what you think.Some features are still a little rough , but the bulk of the lower tier patreon features are there : Still to come is the custom heads for top-tier supporters , and making sure the integration is production ready - but we wo n't know the latter until we 've tested it at proper volume ! This build is part of the march towards a Sustainable , Open , F2P KAG that has been happening behind the scenes.F2P should significantly increase the accessibility of the game and help the player population . All current paid players will retain all current access , all Steam DLC will continue to function , and there will NOT be pay to win microtransactions - nothing to fearMore info on that soon as details are worked out ! There 's an overview of our current plans on the patreon page for those interested.This build also contains several bounties , feature , tweak and translation changes , with more on their way soon ! A quick overview ( check the changelog for full details ) : There 's also a further 10 pull requests waiting on github for review before the next build , more mapcycle changes coming , and a lot of community development and discussion happening day to day . If you 're not already , jump in The Official KAG Discord and get involved with # democracy , # development , # mapping and # testing ! Have Fun ! Max
“ Maybe the Islanders are n't as deep as we thought…
It took 7 and a half games to come to light , but midway through the second period of the Islanders 4-3 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes , the “ deepest ” Islanders team in recent memory was looking paper thin . With Lubomir Visnovsky already exiting the game in the first period with a concussion , Matt Carkner barreled into Evgeni Nabokov halfway through the second period following a ridiculously bad change by the Isles . Following a few tense minutes laying semi motionless on the ice , Nabokov would stay in the game , but the seed of doubt was planted in every Islander fan 's mind , “ Maybe we need to have a better backup plan ? ”
Among hockey experts , the Islanders ' organization is known to have a top 5 prospect pool . It is also well known that with the exception of Ryan Strome , the franchise is filled with second tier prospects . These are players who will someday be serviceable to above average players in the league , but lack “ star ” power that can be instantly plugged into an NHL lineup ( see Seth Jones ) .
There are options up front ; Ryan Strome , Brock Nelson , Anders Lee . These are the names that have somewhat altered the depth perception of the Islander organization . All three will be regular forwards on the roster within the next few seasons . The problem is there has been so much talk about the promise of these young forwards , that the timetable for the organization 's defensemen has been lost in the shuffle .
Matt Donovan has broken the roster . The team has seemed hesitant to play Donovan on a night in , night out basis . With the injury to Visnovksy , Garth Snow will have to play their hand quicker than they probably would have liked . Minus Lubo , the Islanders are forced to have both Matt Donovan & Matt Carkner in the lineup . I 'm not sure how that sits with Snow . Will they move up a player within the organization ? Calvin de Haan is a player that had a decent training camp , but with the team 's lack of everyday confidence in Donovan , do they really feel anyone in Bridgeport is ready for the assignment ?
The other immediate option is to sign long time Islander Radek Martinek . Martinek has been skating with the team this season , but has yet to officially sign a game contract . Is Martinek an upgrade over Carkner , Donovan , or de Haan ? The only other possibility would be to make a trade for someone outside the organization . Snow does n't like to push the panic button , so such a drastic move might not happen this early in the season .
But does the Visnovksy injury warrant a major move ? It was alarming to me that they diagnosed Visnovksy right away with a concussion . Usually during a game , such injuries would be classified as “ upper body injuries that will be re-evaluated later. ” The first period was n't even over yet , and it was common knowledge that Lubo had a concussion . And to be honest , they did not look good leaving the ice . It will be interesting to see how Garth Snow handles a long term absence of their best offensive defenseman .
The second issue presented during the Hurricanes ' game was the lack of NHL experience in net . Nabokov hater or not , he 's the only goaltender in the organization with any substantial NHL experience , and it 's becoming more apparent that Kevin Poulin is becoming the problem in the corner of the room that no one wants to talk about . The Islanders have n't reached a stretch with numerous back to backs yet , but I 'm not sure many are going to like the answers when we get there .
The Islanders will score . The 4-3 loss to the Hurricanes proved that when this team wants to skate , the goals can come in flurries . The loss also proved that the team has a long way to go in their own end to be considered a legitimate threat . One D man down , and one Nabby scare was all it took to put the Islanders ' depth into perspective .
U.S. copyright protections do n't promote innovation . They stifle it .
That was one of the arguments that got intellectual-property reformer Derek Khanna fired from their job last year at the Republican Study Committee , a policy shop for the House GOP . The problem , Khanna said , was that too much copyright protection encourages the country 's creative class to make a living suing other people instead of coming up with ideas . Brilliant inventions will be quashed , thanks to aggressive infringement lawsuits .
Shockingly , the recording industry did n't appreciate Khanna 's critique of the system . Within weeks , it became clear that the young Hill staffer 's comments would cost them their job . But the question stands : To what extent do the country 's current intellectual-property safeguards actually promote innovation like they 're supposed to ?
Heidi Williams is an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . In a forthcoming paper in theJournal of Political Economy , they argue that copyrighted content enables some discovery , but it does n't lead to nearly as much learning as content that 's governed under a free and open license .
In the late 1990s and early 2000s , for example , scientists at the Human Genome Project were trying to comprehensively sequence people 's DNA . Every gene they identified was plugged into a giant repository and made available to other researchers . Partway through the process , a company named Celera decided to start sequencing genes , too . But instead of adding its findings to the public domain , wrote Williams , Celera walled off its data with copyright protections :
This IP [ intellectual-property protection ] enabled Celera to sell its data for substantial fees and required firms to negotiate licensing agreements with Celera for any resulting commercial discoveries , even though it was publicly known at the time that all of Celera 's genes would be sequenced by the public effort , and thus be in the public domain , by 2003 .
Celera probably made a lot of money between the time it completed its genetic research and when the Human Genome Project caught up .
Forget the duplicated effort , though . Williams also found that the Human Genome Project was nearly twice as fast at discovery as the Celera project . Using a standard measure of academic-knowledge production , they compared the number of papers published using HGP data and Celera data . By 2009 , genes that had been sequenced in 2001 from HGP had produced an average of 2.1 academic papers a year , while genes sequenced that same year by Celera led to just 1.2 papers a year over the next eight years . Even though the annual pace of Celera-linked papers rose rapidly after its IP was lifted in 2003 , it never caught up to the rate of publication tied to the always-open non-Celera data .
Williams also looked at the number of diagnostic tests that were developed as a result of gene sequencing . Again , non-Celera genes were nearly twice as common in gene-based tests compared with Celera genes .
Add it all up , wrote Williams , and you get a pretty depressing picture of how much Celera delayed genetic research . `` If Celera genes had counterfactually had the same rate of subsequent innovation as non-Celera genes , there would have been 1,400 additional publications between 2001 and 2009 and 40 additional diagnostic tests as of 2009 , '' they conclude .
We ca n't know for sure whether opening up Celera 's database would have led to the same rates of innovation . Perhaps Celera 's genes were n't that interesting to begin with . And , of course , the quantity of papers produced in a given year says nothing about the quality of the work . But at the very least , Williams 's research shows us how we can apply the idea of opportunity costs to intellectual property .
( Image via majcot/Shutterstock.com )
Like a scene from Avatar but on our own planet : Natural phenomenon turns seawater an electric neon blue as it washes up on beach
The chemical reaction , called bioluminescence , occurs when a micro-organism in seawater is disturbed by oxygen
Advertisement
It may look like an alien life-form has washed up on a beach , but this striking neon blue effect is a completely natural phenomenon .
The incredible image was taken by photographer Doug Perrine during a visit to Vaadhoo , one of the Raa Atoll islands in the Maldives .
It captures a natural chemical reaction called bioluminescence , which occurs when a micro-organism in the water is disturbed by oxygen .
Natural phenomenon : Glowing blue water washes up on a beach in Vaadhoo , one of the Raa Atoll islands in the Maldives . The result of a chemical reaction called bioluminescence , it occurs when a micro-organism in seawater is disturbed by oxygen
The reaction is similar to the ‘ glow ' that fireflies use to attract prey or mates .
Although a rare sight on a shoreline , the phenomenon is more commonly seen at sea in the wake of ships that stir up the oxygen in the sea , which causes the bioluminescent bacteria to glow .
Many undersea organisms ‘ glow ' , especially creatures that live at depths where light from the surface is less likely to penetrate .
The night-time glow is a side-effect of blooming red algae , known as red tide , which can turn entire beaches scarlet and murky during the day .
Inspiration ? The bioluminescence looks similar to the strange blue alien world of the 2009 blockbuster Avatar
The smell of decay , caused by rotting kelp , plankton and fish often accompanies the event as the red algae starves the water of oxygen and light .
By night , there is an increase in microscopic plankton called dynoflagellates , which glow in the dark when disturbed by currents or waves .
Russia is placing civilian flights at risk by dispatching jet fighters and bombers into European airspace without following safety procedures , according to Nato 's secretary general .
Jens Stoltenberg told the Telegraph that Nato fighters had intercepted Russian military aircraft over 100 times so far this year , compared with 30 such incidents in 2013 .
Russia 's long-range bombers and spy planes usually stay in international airspace , but they deliberately ignore safeguards designed to reduce the risk of collision with civilian flights . In particular , they switch off the “ transponders ” that allow aircraft to detect one another .
“ They have increased their military air activity along Nato 's borders , ” said Mr Stoltenberg . “ We have done what we are supposed to do : we have intercepted them , partly because of increased air policing . ”
They added : “ The problem is that many of the Russian pilots do n't turn on their transponders , they do n't file their flight plans and they do n't communicate with civilian air traffic control . This poses a risk to civilian air traffic and therefore this is a problem , especially when the Russian activity increases – because they have more Russian military planes in the air . ”
In March , a Boeing 737 from Scandinavian Airlines came within a split second of colliding with a Russian spy plane . The airliner , carrying 132 passengers , had just taken off from Copenhagen on a routine flight to Rome when it passed within 300 feet of a Russian IL-20 surveillance aircraft .
The intruder had switched off its transponders and failed to contact air traffic control . Only the quick reaction of the Scandinavian Airlines pilot – and the fact that the incident occurred in daylight and in good visibility – prevented a near miss from becoming a disaster .
Mr Stoltenberg urged Russia to obey the “ norms ” of flying in crowded airspace . “ It 's not illegal to fly military planes in international airspace , ” they said . “ But it 's not in accordance with good norms to do it without communicating with civilian air traffic control . ”
“ They are posing a risk and that 's the reason why we would like them to turn on their transponders , to file their flight plans and to communicate with civilian air traffic control , especially since the number of Russian planes has increased . ”
Almost every week , formations of Russian bombers probe the borders of European countries , testing the reaction times of their potential adversaries and , on occasion , carrying out mock attacks .
Britain is responsible for policing thousands of square miles of airspace over the Atlantic and the North Sea . The most recent known incident occurred on Oct 29 when RAF Typhoon fighters intercepted two Russian TU-95 Bear bombers approaching over the North Sea . Both turned back before reaching British airspace .
Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming macOS High Sierra update to developers , two days after releasing the new High Sierra operating system to the public.The first macOS High Sierra 10.13.1 beta can be downloaded from the Apple Developer Center or through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store with the proper profile installed.It 's not yet clear what improvements the first update to macOS High Sierra will bring , but it 's likely to include bug fixes and performance improvements for issues that have been found between the time the golden master was released and its final public launch.The update could also include features Apple has delayed for a later set of betas , such as iCloud storage for iMessages , and we 're also supposed to be getting some new emojis soon.We 'll update this post with any new features that are found in macOS High Sierra 10.13.1 .
It 's time to superimpose Sam Presti 's face on that video of LaVar Ball strutting through the WWE stage and sliding into the wrestling ring . Presti , the Oklahoma City Thunder general manager , took the boldest step of the NBA summer , even if he 's just following the example set by others . It 's good to see them join the self-confidence party .
If you believe the NBA 's salary-cap and luxury-tax mechanisms truly level the playing field , then the difference comes down to risk tolerance and expense tolerance . And if we 're prone to admiring those who take chances more than those who merely fund projects , we have to love what Presti did . They brought in All-Star Paul George to play with MVP Russell Westbrook with no contractual proof that either will be in Oklahoma City beyond next season .
It might not be the best case of improving now while building for the future ( that would be Minnesota 's Tom Thibodeau trading for Jimmy Butler ) . It might not even be as significant as the Houston Rockets pairing Chris Paul and James Harden and making one of the NBA 's top teams better . It 's certainly the most tone-setting , message-sending move so far . OKC is in for 2017-18 , even if it could explode a year from now .
This does n't mean the Thunder have cracked the code for beating the Golden State Warriors . What it means is they 've adopted the Warriors ' mentality . Go big or go home .
Presti had been steadfast that it was foolish to try to beat the Warriors at their own game . They did n't try to load up on 3-point shooters or find optimal small lineups . They tacked in a different direction , including tough-rebounding big men , and almost took down the Warriors in the 2016 Western Conference finals . Then the Warriors undid it all by winning Durant 's affection in free agency last summer .
With the handshake deals in place , what does the future hold now for Blake Griffin and Paul George ? Andrew D. Bernstein/NBAE via Getty Images
So , consciously or not , Presti adopted the same mindset that started the Warriors on the path to juggernaut-dom in the first place : Be bold . The reason the Warriors got where they are is because in 2012 they bet on Stephen Curry and their fragile ankles and guaranteed them $ 44 million in a four-year contract extension . They were coming off a season in which they could n't even play in half the games of the lockout-shortened 66-game schedule . The Warriors took the risk and wound up getting a two-time MVP at a bargain rate that gave them the financial freedom to build and maintain a championship contender around him , right until they topped it off with Durant .
Editor 's Picks Blake Griffin 's return keeps Clippers relevant Before Blake Griffin 's arrival in 2009 , the Clippers were the most woebegone franchise in all sports . By re-signing with LA for five more years , Griffin keeps the team from sliding back into irrelevance .
Paul George a high-risk , high-reward move for OKC Sam Presti delivered a second star to Oklahoma City to play alongside Russell Westbrook . Now the Thunder GM has to see if it 'll work -- and if the star duo will stay in town beyond next summer . 1 Related
The fact that Curry agreed to that deal showed you how worried they were that they might not recover . They believed that they would be fairly compensated , eventually , if they did their part . That 's why they never complained while teammates Klay Thompson and Draymond Green signed deals for twice their salary . And now he 'll be paid off beyond their wildest dreams , with $ 201 million coming their way thanks to the hyper new TV rights . They should soak in those dollars . When the Warriors ask if they want their salary direct-deposited into their bank account , they should have them dump it into an empty swimming pool instead , then do the backstroke through the bucks . But always remember that they followed the safe route in 2012 . They did n't gamble ; they took the insurance .
It 's also why the Los Angeles Clippers should be leery of Blake Griffin 's willingness to take their maximum offer of $ 173 million over five years . The trend for stars in recent years has been for them to bet on themselves with shorter contracts that gave them options to both head elsewhere if they did n't like the team 's trend and take advantage of changing financial landscapes in a new TV deal and/or new collective bargaining agreement . Their now-ex teammate Chris Paul just did it by opting in to their old contract for one more year to facilitate their trade to Houston .
Durant , LeBron James and even Dwight Howard had all bet on themselves with shorter deals . Griffin is 28 , five years older than Curry was when they chose the safe route . Curry had more time to get back on track . They and the Warriors did the deal projecting where they could be at 28 . Griffin is already there . They have played in fewer than 70 games in each of the past three regular seasons and had their past two playoffs cut short by injuries .
That might explain why they committed to the Clippers even though they 're basically back to where they were six years ago , with Griffin and DeAndre Jordan as the mainstays . Griffin is n't the same player , though . They had fewer dunks the past three seasons combined than they did their rookie year . The athleticism has declined . They know it , which is why they have become a bigger threat both as a passer and a free-throw shooter . And it very well could be why they chose the best contract in L.A. over a potentially better situation elsewhere . Beware of the prime player unwilling to take risks , while you celebrate the franchises that do .
Well this likely is n't going to make Mitt Romney 's own path to the Senate any easier .
Just hours after President Donald Trump gave an unqualified endorsement of Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore , the former Massachusetts governor issued their own unqualified condemnation of the former judge and accused child molester .
In a tweet Monday afternoon , Romney said electing Moore to the Senate “ would be a stain on the GOP and on the nation ” and that the women who were allegedly victimized by the Alabama Republican are “ courageous heroes . ”
“ No vote , no majority is worth losing our honor , our integrity , ” wrote the 2012 Republican presidential nominee .
Roy Moore in the US Senate would be a stain on the GOP and on the nation . Leigh Corfman and other victims are courageous heroes . No vote , no majority is worth losing our honor , our integrity . — Mitt Romney ( @ MittRomney ) December 4 , 2017
Advertisement
As the Washington Post reported Monday , nine different women have said that Moore pursued sexual relationships with them when they were teenagers several decades ago or made unwanted sexual advances . Moore has denied the allegations .
According to a White House statement , Trump called Moore on Monday to endorse the Alabama Republican in their special election next Tuesday against Democratic candidate Doug Jones . Moore tweeted Monday afternoon that they have the president 's “ full support . ”
`` Go get 'em , Roy ! '' – President Trump Just got off the phone with President Trump who offered their full support and said they need a fighter to help them in the US Senate . I look forward to fighting alongside the President to # MAGA ! — Judge Roy Moore ( @ MooreSenate ) December 4 , 2017
They also responded to Romney .
Either @ MittRomney has lost their courage or they do n't care about truth anymore . Sad day ! America 's reawakening was led by @ realDonaldTrump , not you Mitt. # DefeatTheElite # DrainTheSwamp — Judge Roy Moore ( @ MooreSenate ) December 4 , 2017
Republicans hold a narrow two-seat majority in the Senate .
Romney 's tweet Monday comes amid reports that Trump and their allies are working to block their potential campaign to succeed Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch .
Growing up as a kid in the 90 's was pretty fantastic , especially when it came to television , there was so much to watch and enjoy . There was one show that had many Canadian kids and teens watching weekly to see the top music videos and songs of that era . That show was the Hit List , which is the show that influenced this blog post !
The Hit List was either two things , a terrible show promoting the garbage bands of the 90 's , or was the distributor of songs and bands you knew and loved as a kid and probably still have a few songs hidden on your iPod , or it 's both . One thing is for sure there are a few bands who keep making comeback tours , you know the ones , people are going crazy for them ! Well this post is n't about those bands , I do n't even need to say their names , because you know who they are , but here is a top 10 list , of some of the bands/songs you may have forgotten over time .
Keep in mind this list has no specific order , it 's just ten bands and their songs . These are meant to jog your memory . The criteria for the bands is this , they must have been around in at least the mid 90 's , there wo n't be much historical context aside that , this is just to sit back and hopefully enjoy a song , or two .
Here we go , number 10 : The Moffats
Ah the Canadian boy band the Moffats , started out in the late 80 's and survived all the way until 2001 , but hey at least these guys used instruments instead of running around dancing the whole time , like a lot of the other people below . They had popular songs such as , Misery , Just Another Phase and this one Bang Bang Boom .
Number 9 : Soul Decision
Another Canadian band you might not remember exactly , but they had hits like Gravity , Tonight , Let 's Do It Right and this somewhat corny song Ooh It 's Kinda Crazy , what 's not to like about this song , or well this video , the clothes , the hair , the N64 , they were as 90 's as you could get , also seeing a guy on a laptop seems odd it must have been slow !
Number 8 : Five
This British band was weird , they had a lot of strange music videos and pissed off a lot of people singing songs like We Will Rock You , by Queen . Goofy is a word that is probably perfect for this band and this video Do n't Want To Let You Go . Oh yeah they had top songs such as , Everybody gets up , When the Lights Go Out , Let 's Dance and dare I say my personal favorite Rock the Party , hmm maybe I should have posted that song instead .
Number 7 : Prozzäk
Yet another Canadian band out of Toronto , this band had a unique style , all it 's music videos were cartoons and they told the story about Milo and Simon , two guys in search of love ? Sure why not ? although the format was strange , it was different and it helped out with songs Sucks to Be You , Strange Disease , Be As ( which is meant to have a sweet message , but it 's just weird ) and this lovely song http : //www.nevergetoveryou , sounds depressing , but it was catchy ! Also you ca n't forget this predates Facebook and 90 % of the people you know having cellphones , which means using a whole website to contact someone was n't that weird , or maybe it was really weird just the same .
Number 6 : Eiffel 65
If you ca n't remember this Italian Europop group then what 's wrong with you ? Everyone knew the song Blue ! They were blue and if they were green they would die… was n't that what they were saying the whole time ? Anyway this was another late 90 's band that popped on the scene and gave us Blue , the link you see below , Too Much of Heaven and Move Your Body . A few of the music videos involved the guys running around with an alien , sometimes they were good sometimes they were bad , it 's actually confusing . Seriously if you ca n't remember , then maybe you 're too young , or maybe you 're just unlucky you missed out on this band . Try not to let the video and it 's ahem , high quality graphics make your eyes bleed .
Number 5 : Dream
Does anyone actually remember Dream ? I only remember them because of this song . To be honest , I could n't even remember the bands name , I had to google the lyrics and got the lyrics wrong . Luckily google is magic and helped me find this song and trust me , I 'm using luckily in the ironic sense . They had top songs called This is Me and They Love U Not , maybe they had others , but I 'm afraid to check , either way I remember this on the hit list , so here is They Love U Not !
Number 4 : A-Teens
A-Teens also known as Abba Teens , oh man please RUN NOW , seriously I 'm regretting putting them on this list , but they are part of this super random criteria so here they are . The Swedish Abba teens had such great hits… well they had music and it 's still on youtube and that 's something right ? I mean Dream is better than this band , I was at least whiling to research Dream a bit more . Ok I 'll stop being mean now , their top song is the one you see below which is Upside Down , that 's all I got , so enjoy !
Number 3 : Chumbawamba
I put this band here cause their name is funny and it brings me back to reality that the last two songs took me out of . Also I had help with this one , ( Thanks 🙂 ) and because Serial Joe had poor quality with the one song I wanted to show , anyway Chumbawamba . I get it , they started in the 80 's but one song which is the one you 'll see below is another reason why they hit the list ( get it ! ) anyway Tubthumping is the song they also had other hits such as Amnesia , Add Me , Top of the World .
Before we reach number two , here 's a bonus track , because maybe some of these bands have annoyed you already , hopefully Steal My Sunshine by Len makes you feel a bit better , I know I did after hearing the A-Teens again , by accident , seriously I 'm listening to Metallica , or Rise Against when this is all said and done .
Number 2 : B4 4
Oh man I 've been waiting to talk about this band , again Canadian , you have to remember that one song they did call Get Down . First off why the hell did our parents listen to songs like this , it 's weird , really weird to think that all of us 90 's kids would sing this song . Also add in the goofy hair , dancing , and obvious bromance going on and bam you have a random Canadian Boy band , that dare I say , wants to get down . Believe it , or not they hard other top songs like , Go Go , Ball and Chain and the song belong Get Down , when you watch this please enjoy the hilarity .
Number 1 : S Club 7
Ok I will admit , they are probably a guilty pleasure group for a lot of us… including myself , but who can blame them ? I mean they have everything you need and they have us songs that people still to this day sing and of course are karaoke favorites . The band even has their own girl that looks like baby spice , well sort of , and another member named Rachel who is a sort of looks like Jennifer Aniston when they were playing Rachel on Friends , what 's not to like ? ! This British pop band is pretty fantastic and maybe it 's just my brain melting from all the 90 's pop nostalgia , but they were awesome who did n't enjoy Bring It All Back , Two in A Million , Reach , Natural , Do n't Stop Moving , S Club Party and the heart-wrenching song Never had a Dream Come True ! Let 's also remember that their songs were n't that over the top compared to stuff , like I do n't know B4 4 . They also had a pretty terrible television show , but who cares they were awesome , which sort of made that show awesome . So to finish of this blog post here are a bunch of their songs , I dare you to not get addicted !
Enjoy this list ? Leave thoughts and comments below , share one facebook and remind your friends what late 90 's music was like and follow me on Twitter @ NVincelli
If you made it this far thanks for reading and watching !
Advertisements
OTTAWA—The loved ones and colleagues of four Canadian soldiers whose battlefield deaths in 2006 became part of the storied lore of Canada 's fabled Battle of Panjwaii lashed out Tuesday at reports — based on leaked U.S. documents — claiming friendly fire was to blame . Sgt . Shane Stachnik , Warrant Officer Frank Robert Mellish , Pte . William Cushley and Warrant Officer Richard Francis Nolan — members of Charles Company , 1st Battalion , The Royal Canadian Regiment , based in Petawawa , Ont . — were killed Sept. 3 , 2006 , in a well-documented and bloody firefight with a massive Taliban contingent in the fertile fields of the Arghandab river valley . It was part of Operation Medusa — a fierce pitched battle over several months in the summer and fall of 2006 to beat back the Taliban and claim and reclaim a key strip of farmland , one long since sown with the blood of Canadian soldiers . A U.S. document , however , one of 91,000 similar pages released publicly Sunday by the fledgling whistle-blower site WikiLeaks , suggests otherwise , using clinical military shorthand to categorize the four dead and eight injured as “ blue-on-blue ” — NATO casualties caused by NATO forces . Sandy Mellish , whose son Frank was among the men who died that day as part of Operation Medusa , said they know the truth about what happened .
Article Continued Below
But the friends and families of the four men remain angry and hurt by the mistake , regardless of the explanation , said Mellish , whose own two grandsons have been upset and confused by the reports , and with good reason . “ How do you explain after four years of telling them something — they were 11 and 14 when they lost their Dad , and we told them one story , then something like this comes out in the media ? ” they asked . “ My youngest grandson , he 's 15 now , and last night when this came on they kicked the door in their bedroom . You know he 's not like that . That 's not who they are . I said to him , ‘ Please do n't let this influence who you are . ' “
Retired general Rick Hillier , Canada 's former chief of defence staff and the man who was in charge during the time of Operation Medusa , said the mistake is likely exactly that : an error emanating from the heat of battle or the fog of war that persisted on file for years and was never corrected . “ Somebody wrote a document , obviously , and was wrong in what they wrote , ” said Hillier , who was conducting interviews Tuesday for The Motorcycle Ride for Dad , a cross-Canada effort to raise money for prostate cancer awareness . Experienced commanders know it 's a cardinal rule of the battlefield never to take a piece of information to heart , because it 's only in the fullness of time that the true picture emerges . “ We always tried to take with a grain of salt everything we heard , because nothing was ever as good or as bad as you would first hear , ” they said . “ We never trusted those first reports , and do n't trust them now . ”
Article Continued Below
There were more than 1,000 Canadian soldiers involved in Medusa , and hundreds of witnesses who saw precisely what happened , and the American account is simply incorrect , Hillier said . “ Sadly , we know from those hundreds of folks who were involved directly , that the lives of those four soldiers were lost because of enemy action , not because of friendly fire. ” Geoff Morrell , a spokesperson for the CIA , could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday to explain the confusion . One emerging theory hinged on the fact that another Canadian soldier , Pte . Mark Graham , died on the same battlefield the following day in a well-publicized and highly controversial friendly-fire incident . A federal government source close to the scene in Afghanistan at the time speculated the Pentagon might have confused the two incidents in “ the fog of war. ” The documents tell the story of a NATO unit taking small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from a building that 's later targeted with a laser-guided bomb . The incident that killed Graham involved a NATO plane strafing Canadian soldiers , which may account for the confusion . Adam Day , a correspondent for Ottawa-based Legion magazine , researched Operation Medusa extensively for a series of articles documenting the battle and is convinced the documents are mistaken . “ I 've watched a long video of the Sept. 3 battle , and interviewed dozens of soldiers involved , and there 's simply no way the Wikileaks report is correct in this instance , ” Day said via email . “ While there was no shortage of friendly fire flying around Charles Company on Sept. 3 — including a near-miss with an errant coalition-dropped bomb — the four Canadians who died that day were killed by enemy fire. ” Hillier said the documents posted on Wikileaks pose a serious problem because they 're forcing the families of Canadian soldiers killed in battle to relive the tragedy . There 's also always a risk that the lives of Canadian soldiers and Afghan civilians could be placed at risk , they added . “ It could give the Taliban a lever , a tool , that 's now going to make life more risky and could end up costing the lives of soldiers or Afghans as they constitute operations to help those Afghans rebuild their country to the kind of society that they want. ” •With files from John Lewandowski in Halifax , Michelle McQuigge and Diana Mehta in Toronto .
Read more about :
COLUMBUS , Ohio – A new nationwide study suggests why heavy users of partisan media outlets are more likely than others to hold political misperceptions .
It 's not because the people using these sites are unaware that experts have weighed in on the issues . And using ideologically driven news only sometimes promotes misunderstanding of what the evidence says .
R. Kelly Garrett
“ Partisan online media drive a wedge between evidence and beliefs , ” said R. Kelly Garrett , lead author of the study and professor of communication at The Ohio State University .
“ The more people use these sources , the more likely they are to embrace false claims , regardless of what they know about the evidence . ”
Partisan media have effects on both Democrats and Republicans , the researchers found .
Strikingly , use of partisan media contributed to misperceptions above and beyond the influence of partisanship itself .
“ What you believe is n't just about what party you belong to . Where you get your news matters , too , ” Garrett said .
Garrett conducted the study with two former graduate students : Brian Weeks , now with the University of Michigan , and Rachel Neo , now with the University of Hawaii at Manoa .
Their results appear online in the Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication and will be published in a future print edition .
Garrett said that the study 's focus on changes in media use and political beliefs over time gives the researchers a unique opportunity to understand how these two factors influence one another .
Data came from a three-wave panel study conducted during the 2012 presidential election . Participants were interviewed first during July-August 2012 , a second time in August-October and a final time in November . A total of 652 nationally representative participants completed all three surveys .
All participants were asked about their knowledge of and beliefs about four different issues in the campaign , two of which favored Republicans and two that favored Democrats .
The well-documented falsehoods favored by Republicans were the claims that President Obama was not born in the United States and that there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . The Democrat-favored misperceptions were that Mitt Romney actively managed Bain Capital when the firm started investing in companies that outsourced work abroad , and that there was an immediate drop in marine life diversity in the Gulf of Mexico following the BP oil spill .
The researchers measured how often participants visited websites characterized as favoring liberal positions , including the New York Times , MSNBC , Huffington Post , ThinkProgress and Daily Kos ; and those favoring conservative positions , such as the Wall Street Journal , FOX News , Drudge Report , TownHall and Cybercast News Service .
One explanation for why partisan media encourage misperceptions is that their users are sheltered from the truth . For example , it is sometimes suggested that viewers build their own “ echo chambers ” where they never hear facts that contradict what they believe . But there is no evidence of that in this study , Garrett said .
“ In fact , we found modest evidence that the opposite sometimes occurs – people who were heavy users of ideological news sites were more likely to say they 'd heard evidence related to one of the issues , ” they said .
For example , the inaccurate claim about Romney 's role at Bain Capital would have benefited the Democratic presidential candidate if it was true , yet a typical citizen who did not use liberal sites had a 47 percent chance of being “ unsure ” what fact checkers had concluded . A heavy user of liberal sites had only an 18 percent chance of being unsure of the facts .
Another possibility is that partisan news sites could undermine accurate knowledge by giving their audience false impressions of the evidence . For example , heavy users of partisan media may not know what knowledgeable people in the media say about the truthfulness of a particular belief .
When researchers tested this possibility , the results were more mixed , Garrett said . Still , there was evidence that this was not the best explanation of what was happening .
The strongest and most consistently supported explanation of how partisan online media promote misperceptions was that their use leads viewers to reach conclusions favored by the partisan source , despite whatever else the viewers might know , Garrett said .
For example , a Republican who knows the facts but does not go to conservative news sites has only a 3 percent chance of incorrectly answering questions about Obama 's birthplace or weapons of mass destruction . An otherwise identical heavy user of conservative sites has an almost one-in-three chance ( 31 and 33 percent respectively ) of holding a misperception .
Similarly , a Democrat familiar with fact checkers ' conclusions about Romney who does not visit liberal sites has only a 3 percent chance of answering incorrectly . But a heavy user of liberal sites has a 10 percent chance of answering incorrectly , contrary to their knowledge of the evidence .
Because the researchers looked at participants over time , they were also able to see a feedback loop : Use of partisan media leads to inaccurate beliefs which lead to more partisan media use and so on , Garrett said .
“ It is n't just that people who hold false beliefs are more likely to consume partisan media , ” they said . “ The use of these outlets also predicts false beliefs in the future . ”
The results suggest that we ca n't fix the problem of political misperceptions by education alone .
“ People who believe falsehoods often know the evidence , but understand it differently , in part because of the way it is presented to them in the partisan media , ” Garrett said .
“ It is a crisis of critical thinking . Examining the evidence for ourselves too often means allowing our own biases to influence how we evaluate claims . And ideological news sources encourage us to do that . ”
How do you fill a Mesut Ozil-shaped hole ? On Sunday at the Britannia Stadium , Arsene Wenger 's answer was to plant Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in the gap behind Olivier Giroud , hopeful that the England man 's industry and initiative they usually deliver when deployed closer to the channels would be replicated in the role as the team 's major creative force .
The place on the right of that advanced midfield three was taken by Joel Campbell , still trying to shake off the rookie tag that footnotes their every selection , but who is answering their critics slowly game by game . Ninety minutes of bustle and toil later , after both sides had worn themselves into the ground for the cause of a stalemate to be quickly forgotten , some things were clearer about how the team best operates in the absence of their German playmaker .
Creative credentials
The Costa Rican 's vision and weight of passing when Giroud set off on the kind of runs that have brought the team 20 goals this season was masterful at times
It was n't the first time this season that Campbell had made a case for being given a try at No.10 in the Arsenal midfield . The Costa Rican 's vision and weight of passing when Giroud set off on the kind of runs that have brought the team 18 goals this season was masterful at times against Stoke .
On 20 minutes they slipped in the Frenchman with a ball from midway inside the opposition half that cut the hosts ' defence to bits , anticipating a dart inside from Giroud before Stoke 's central defensive pair could react . It created more in one movement than Oxlade-Chamberlain , strangely shackled , made for the team in 90 minutes .
Compare the depth and safety of Ox 's passing with Ozil 's last match
STATS ZONE Free on iOS • Free on Android
It was the same instinct and subtle execution which brought Giroud their second goal last month against Olympiakos in the Champions League , and gave the clearest hint that Campbell has the skill set to sit centrally behind the striker , especially when they 're as mobile and willing as Giroud .
Midway through the first half they found Theo Walcott in an advanced position with a similarly intelligent ball , but the England forward could n't control . They were two of the only moments when Arsenal looked threatening in their approach play in a game of slim opportunities for the forwards , and both came from the lively Campbell .
The Costa Rican 's willingness to roam in search of the ball was also one of the more invigorating parts of Arsenal 's attacking play . Roughly no more than half of their completed passes happened down the right channel , with much of Campbell 's influence coming when they drifted centrally and over to the left .
Campbell drifted centrally constantly
It went some way towards correcting the creative deficit that came from Oxlade-Chamberlain 's reluctance to seek out the ball , with the England forward looking weighed down by the responsibility of being the team 's creative engine . It was an initiative that Campbell seized well , cutting inside to find space for the through balls which are slowly becoming theirs forte .
Wide of the mark
Campbell completed 35 of their 41 passes against Stoke , the majority of which were infield
As a driving force out wide they were less effective . As an appointed wideman they only once took on their full-back Erik Pieters in the attacking third , losing out to the Dutchman who comfortably saw them off the ball . Indeed , much of Campbell 's busy energy ebbs away when confined to the flanks , as not only their dynamism as a creator but their willingness to harry opponents and break down forward moves fails to find utility .
Their strength and hold-up play are a further asset at No.10 . Late in the first half they used their body brilliantly to hold off Pieters and draw a foul in dangerous position when there looked little on , an example of the kind of presence that the improving Ozil sometimes lacks .
Mark Hughes 's fleet-footed Stoke have retained much of the firmness and grit that became their watchword under Tony Pulis , but Campbell was rarely bullied and was always a willing recipient with their back to goal . Together with their deft ball-playing skill it should be the perfect foil for players inclined to burst down the wing like Theo Walcott , who was quiet for spells .
Campbell completed 35 of their 41 passes against Stoke , the majority of which were infield rather than looking to release their full-back Hector Bellerin on the overlap . Their inclination is usually to look centrally as well as forward , and with such a deftness of touch when it comes to picking out intelligent balls their suitability lies in playing in the hole behind Giroud .
What seems increasingly clear each week , however , is Campbell 's struggles in front of goal , whether it be down to a lack of confidence or a difficulty living up to the high standards set by Giroud , Alexis Sanchez and the rich history of slick finishers at the club .
On Sunday they rarely found themselves in the box or in front of goal , but consistently tried to create from deep . They attempted five through balls , all from a central or right-of-centre position between 30-40 yards from goal . The first-half ball for Giroud , brilliantly saved by Jack Butland , was the only chance created but their work with the ball was in stark contrast to Oxlade-Chamberlain , who consistently played sideways from the same position . The England man attempted only two forward balls into the box from their appointed role at No.10 .
Stepping in
The 23-year-old Costa Rican is n't Ozil , but they could pick up enough of the slack
Arsenal will point towards the absence of Ozil as a reason for their muted attacking prowess at the Britannia , but options and alternatives will need to be found if their stop-start path towards the title is to reach its destination .
Knowing how to handle games in their absence without depriving the in-form Giroud of service will be key , and if the team can cope without having to drastically alter its playing style – something Wenger is reluctant to countenance – then all the better . In Campbell they have a willing replacement capable of spotting movement in front of them and acting with split-second precision .
The 23-year-old Costa Rican is n't Ozil , but they could pick up enough of the slack to see Arsenal over the line .
RECOMMENDED
More features every day on FFT.com • Analysis
STATS ZONE Free on iOS • Free on Android
PHILADELPHIA — Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE is urging their supporters to back their push for party unity behind Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE — but it 's not clear their supporters are listening .
The Vermont senator sent an email to their supporters Monday afternoon asking , as a “ personal courtesy to me , ” that they not protest or demonstrate on the floor of the Democratic National Convention .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Our credibility as a movement will be damaged by booing , turning of backs , walking out or other similar displays , ” they wrote in the email . “ That 's what corporate media wants . That 's what [ GOP presidential nominee ] Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE wants . ”
The request comes as Sanders supporters have captured headlines Monday for overtaking the first day of the Democratic convention in the wake of leaked emails showing Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) Chairwoman staff scheming to undermine Sanders 's presidential campaign .
Delegates heckled DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz at morning events , and loudly booed Sanders when they called on them to back Clinton and Sen. Tim Kaine Timothy ( Tim ) Michael KaineTrump claims Democrats ‘ do n't mind executing babies after birth ' after blocked abortion bill Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE ( D-Va. ) during a delegate meeting on Monday afternoon .
And as the convention gaveled in , Sanders supporters loudly booed mentions of Clinton 's name and chanted for Sanders , overtaking several speeches , including an invocation by a reverend .
Delegates signaled in Philadelphia that while Sanders is backing Clinton , they are n't ready to follow them after a hard-fought primary battle .
`` Ultimately we have our roles as activists , as delegates , and so forth , '' said Norman Solomon , a delegate and national coordinator for the Bernie Delegates Network .
The group — which encompasses nearly two-thirds of Sanders delegates — is actively looking for a candidate to challenge Sen. Tim Kaine , Clinton 's vice presidential pick , and discussing possible protests on the floor .
Solomon said Sanders led a `` tremendous campaign '' and the group would consider any advice for them or the campaign , but stressed that their organization is an independent group .
Monica DePaul , a Florida delegate and supporter , said many Sanders supporters were `` disappointed '' that they used a meeting with delegates to reiterate their endorsement of Clinton and Kaine .
`` It 's pretty strategically unlikely that we 're going to replace them as the nominee , '' they said . `` [ But ] I mean we could try , and I plan to try my damnedest to . ''
They floated kicking Kaine off the ticket and replacing them with Sanders .
Sanders is scheduled to speak on Monday evening at the convention , where he 'll reiterate their support for Clinton and lay out gains made during their progressive presidential campaign . They were originally scheduled to appear before first lady Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaFive political moments to watch for at the Oscars Former patients accuse ex-Fox News medical pundit of sexual exploitation Obama attends UNC-Duke basketball game MORE , but according to a corrected schedule released Monday , they will speak after them
The fallout from the email leak has tensions between the party and Sanders backers running high .
Supporters remain deeply wary of Clinton and the national party , which they argue has made a series of missteps — including Kaine on the ticket — that have increasingly antagonized the party 's progressive wing .
“ I think there 's been a lot of pokes — and a lot of continual ones , ” said Allan A.J . Nicholas , a Sanders supporter and Florida delegate . “ There seems to be sort of a tone deaf in your face quality to the campaign that is not working towards unity . ”
- Updated at 5:56 p.m .
Lockheed Martin announced today it received millions of dollars to begin heading up the Pentagon 's Cyber Crime Center . According to Reuters , the company won a $ 454 million contract from the government to help the military facility investigate the increasing number of cyber threats .
`` Because of its size and importance , the [ Department of Defense ] is targeted by cyber criminals ranging from terrorists to spies to identity thieves , '' Lockheed told Reuters .
The security company 's team of experts plans to assist the government in dealing with cyberattacks and crime by providing technical , functional , and managerial support to the center . It will specifically focus on criminal , espionage , and terrorist threats to U.S. networks .
Less than a year ago , Lockheed itself was the victim of a `` significant and tenacious '' cyberattack . During the attack , hackers broke into sensitive company networks along with similar networks run by other U.S. defense contractors .
In dealing with attacks going forward , Reuters reports that Lockheed Martin 's work with the Pentagon `` will include digital and multimedia forensics examination , analysis , research , development , test and evaluation , information technology and cyber analytical services . ''
Fruits and Vegetables
to Lower Blood Pressure
The reasons why fruits and vegetables lower blood pressure are many and not always completely understood .
The fact is , vegetarians have strikingly lowed blood pressure .
And many studies show that switching to a vegetarian diet typically lowers blood pressure .
In the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension ( DASH ) study , 459 people with and without high blood pressure were randomly assigned to one of three diets :
1 ) A typical American diet that provided about 3 servings/day of fruits and vegetables and 1 serving/day of a low-fat dairy product
2 ) A fruit and vegetable diet that provided 8 servings/day of fruits and vegetables and 1 serving/day of a low-fat dairy product , or
3 ) A combination diet ( now called the DASH diet ) that provided 9 servings/day of fruits and vegetables and 3 servings/day of low-fat dairy products .
After eight weeks , the blood pressures of those on the fruit and vegetable diet ( 8 servings/day ) were significantly lower than those on the typical American diet , while blood pressures of those on the combination ( DASH ) diet ( 9 servings/day of fruits and vegetables ) were lower still .
Why are fruits and vegetable so powerful ?
Frank M. Sacks , M.D. , professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School , says that there are two obvious possibilities as to why fruits and vegetables lower blood pressure :
1 ) Something in plant foods depresses blood pressure or
2 ) Something in meat forces it up
At first Dr Sacks thought meat raised blood pressure , but they scrapped that theory after they tested vegetarians by having them add meat to their diet .
In one group of vegetarians who ate eight oz./225 grams of lean beef a day for a month , systolic blood pressure rose very slightly , diastolic blood pressure not at all .
Neither did a heavy egg diet for three weeks boost blood pressure . Nor could they get blood pressure to budge in response to different kinds of fats .
Dr Sacks concluded that curbing total fat or saturated animal fat does n't affect blood pressure at all ( although it might affect other measurements , i.e . cholesterol levels ) .
On the other hand , he 's convienced that agents in vegetables and fruits have 'mysterious ' powers to reduce blood pressure .
One blood-pressure lowering component may be fiber , especially from fruit .
A recent Harvard study of nearly 31,000 middle-aged and elderly men found that those who ate very little fruit were 46 % more likely to develop high blood pressure over the next four years than men who ate the equivalent fiber in five apples a day .
For unknown reasons , fiber in fruit had the strongest anti-hypertensive effect , more so than fiber in vegetables or cereals .
Another possibility is antioxidants in fruits and vegetables that increase amounts of a hormone-like substance , prostacyclin , which is a special prostaglandin eicosanoid that prevents clotting and induces the dilation of blood vessels , lowering blood pressure .
Vitamin C in Fruits and Vegetables
Lowers Blood Pressure
Vitamin C present in fruits and vegetables lowers blood pressure and a lack of vitamin C in your diet can send your blood pressure up .
According to Dr Christopher J. Bulpitt of Hammersmith Hospital in London , an expert on hypertension , vitamin C in fruits and vegetables is a powerful preventive against high blood pressure .
They point to a string of evidence showing that high blood pressure and stroke fatalities are highest among people who eat the least vitamin C .
Also researcher Paul F. Jacques , at the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts University , agrees that a low intake of foods rich in vitamin C predicts high blood pressure .
In one study they found that elderly people who ate the vitamin C in a single orange a day were twice as likely to have high blood pressure as those who ate four times that much .
Systolic pressure was eleven points higher and diastolic pressure six points higher among the skimpy vitamin C eaters .
In another research , Dr. Jacques concluded that low blood levels of vitamin C raised systolic pressure about 16 % and diastolic pressure 9 % .
Potassium in Fruits and Vegetables
Lowers Blood Pressure
There 's no doubt that potassium present in fruits and vegetables lowers blood pressure and taking it away can raise it .
To demonstrate this fact , a test was carried out at the Temple University School of Medicine in Philadelphia .
Ten men with normal blood pressure ate a potassium-adequate diet for nine days , then a potassium-restricted diet , again for nine days .
Deprived of potassium , the men experienced an average jump in arterial pressure ( including both systolic and diastolic ) of 4.1 points and it shot even higher when the men 's diets were loaded with sodium .
They concluded that potassium also helps keep a high-sodium diet in check .
Dr. G. Gopal Krishna , the study 's senior author , thorizes that too little potassium leads to sodium retention , which over time may trigger high blood pressure .
If you alreaday are on medications for hypertension , getting enough potassium can lessen the doses of medication you need .
A study at the University of Naples in Italy , discovered that after a year on high-potassium diet , 81 % of a group of patients needed only half their original dosages of drugs to control their high blood pressure .
Further , 38 % of the high-potassium group was able to stop medication entirely . They simply ate 3 to 6 servings of high-potassium foods a day , boosting their average intake of potassium about 60 % .
I 'll mention next just a few examples of how some foods actually work to lower blood pressure , but they 're not the only ones with this amazing healing power . Throughout this website you 'll find countless other fruits and vegetables that are just as powerful .
Bitter Greens and High Blood Pressure
Eating spinach and bitter greens ( including beetroot greens , chicory , dandelion , endive , fenugreek , horseradish , lettuce and nettle ) to lower blood pressure is a very sensible strategy and not just because they 're rich in vitamin C or potassium .
One of the reasons these greens lower blood pressure is because they spur production of nitric oxide , a molecule that helps blood vessels to relax , remain smooth , regulating blood flow , inflammation and blood pressure .
Other edible greens such as amaranth , chard , lamb's-quarters , purslane and sorrel can also work .
You can use them in salads , sauté them with diced onion and garlic or toss as many as you can find into a soup with other blood pressure-lowering foods such as celery , broccoli , carrots , garlic , onions , saffron and tomatoes , just before you 're ready to serve it .
They all have different benefits for treating high blood pressure .
For instance , dandelion roots and leaves are highly diuretic , with high levels of potassium and sometimes used by naturopathic physicians in place of the common prescription diuretic furosemide .
Meanwhile , fenugreek , which is served as part of Indian dish alu methi , is a fabulous source of choline and beta-carotene , both of which help reduce high blood pressure .
Overall , fenugreek seeds contain eight different diuretic agents , which not only help reduce blood pressure but also help control cholesterol and regulate blood glucose .
In addition to their cardio-protective B vitamins , collard greens are a very good source of potassium and a good source of magnesium , two minerals that have both been shown to reduce high blood pressure .
Tomatoes and Blood Pressure
Many people argue over the debates whether tomatoes are to be considered fruits or vegetables . Do n't worry , I 'm not going to join in .
What matters is that either way , tomatoes are a fabulous source of lycopene , an antioxidant carotenoid compound which gives them their red colour .
Tomatoes also contain vitamin C , potassium and folate as well as beta carotene and vitamin E , which help protect cells from oxidative damage .
In a study of 31 people with hypertension who did n't require medication , researchers gave them a tomato-like placebo for 4 weeks , followed by 8 weeks of a tomato extract and then another 4 weeks of the placebo .
During the tomato extract period , their systolic readings dropped by 10 mmHg and their diastolic readings by 4 mmHg ; no changes were seen during the placebo phases .
Apart from tomatoes , apricots , guava , watermelon , papaya , and pink grapefruit are also significant sources of lycopene .
Fava Beans and Blood Pressure
Fava beans , also known as broad beans , are amongst the richest natural sources of L-dopa , a precursor of the chemical dopamine , which , amongst other things , act as a diuretic .
In one study , eating 40 grams of freshly chopped fava beans significantly increased the amount of sodium and dopamine in the urine - a good thing when it comes to reducing blood pressure .
As we 've seen , a number of compounds may contribute to the cardioprotective effects of fruits and vegetables , including vitamin C , folate , potassium , fiber , and various phytochemicals .
However , supplementation of individual micronutrients or phytochemicals has not had the same effect on lowering blood pressure and protecting from heart disease .
So in the case of fruits and vegetables , the benefit of the whole may be greater than the sum of its parts . In other words , it 's much better , and more enjoyable , to eat the real thing , i.e . fruits and vegetables to lower blood pressure , than relying entirely on supplements .
Click on the NEXT link to read how calcium rich foods can help lower blood pressure or choose an article from the list below .
PREVIOUS | TOP | NEXT
Articles in This Series :
Causes of High Blood Pressure
High Blood Pressure Diet
Celery and High Blood Pressure
Garlic and Blood pressure
Onions and Blood Pressure
Green Tea and Blood Pressure
Fish to Lower Blood Pressure
Banana for High Blood Pressure
Fruits and Vegetables to Lower Blood Pressure
Calcium and Blood Pressure
Go To Foods ' Healing Power Homepage from Fruits and Vegetables to Lower Blood Pressure
Overview ( 4 )
Born November 21 , 1965 in Sudan Birth Name Siddig El Tahir El Fadil El Siddig Abderahman Mohammed Ahmed Abdel Karim El Mahdi Nickname Sid Height 5 ' 11¾ '' ( 1.82 m )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Spouse ( 1 )
trademark ( 1 )
Their beard
Trivia ( 22 )
Has one son with Nana Visitor : Django El Tahir El Siddig ( born September 16 , 1996 ) .
Trained as an actor at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Arts ( LAMDA ) in London , England .
Originally credited as `` Siddig El Fadil '' , they changed their professional name to `` Alexander Siddig '' because ( as reported by them at Star Trek conventions ) nobody could pronounce `` El Fadil '' .
One of their uncles ( his father 's brother ) was the Sudanese prime minister . Another one ( his mother 's brother ) is Malcolm McDowell
They were at one time considered for the role of Benjamin Sisko , the station commander of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine ( 1993 ) . However , they were apparently considered too young . The role eventually went to Avery Brooks . However , the producers were impressed enough with Siddig and offered them the role of Dr. Julian Bashir .
Has appeared in two films set in the Middle East : Kingdom of Heaven ( 2005 ) and Syriana ( 2005 ) . In both films , they played a character named Nasir .
Their Star Trek : Deep Space Nine ( 1993 ) character , Dr. Julian Bashir , has been seen as having similar high moral values as the real-life Middle Eastern Doctor Bashar , featured in Time magazine ( 2003 ) .
Best known by the public ( and by many sci-fi fans ) for their role as Dr. Julian Bashir on Star Trek : Deep Space Nine ( 1993 ) .
They co-starred with their real-life uncle Malcolm McDowell in the film Doomsday ( 2008 ) .
Attended Collectormania 7 at Milton Keynes and ... the premiere of Kingdom of Heaven ( 2005 ) in London , England . [ May 2005 ]
Appeared as a guest at the Ultra Blaze Sci-fi Convention in Ipswich , England on January 31 , 2009 .
Acting protégé of Avery Brooks
Was one of the fan-favourites to play Prince Doran in Game of Thrones ( 2011 ) . Although they joined the Game of Thrones cast only in 2014 , fans have been suggesting their name from as early as 2012 , for the role of Doran .
Grew up in London .
Although they are of Sudanese descent and their character in Syriana ( 2005 ) speaks it almost exclusively , they do not speak any Arabic in real life .
They had been a popular choice to play Batman villain Ra 's Al Ghul long before they were cast in the role on Gotham ( 2014 - ) .
They are the first actor to play Batman villain Ra 's Al Ghul who is also of Middle Eastern descent .
Personal Quotes ( 7 )
I aspire to be a director ... I think it stems from wanting to be a conductor , another desire of mine from my childhood , though I was not interested in music , not at all . I just wanted to control that orchestra .
There was a point where I was just going to call myself `` uh '' because people would walk up to me in the street and say `` Hey you 're , uh ... '' That would just make it a lot easier for them . And I could just say `` Yes , I am ! `` .
I blame Ridley Scott really , because they were the person who went `` I love 'Star Trek ' and I 'd love it if you were in my movie [ Kingdom of Heaven ( 2005 ) ] '' and people like Oliver Stone went `` I hated 'Star Trek ' and I do n't want you in Alexander ( 2004 ) ! '' . I was really lucky there .
[ on the Arabic people ] We 're a pretty passionate lot , but we 're also incredibly zipped up . We 're very sort of guarded , especially in public , and dignity and sense of honour and duty are terribly important .
[ on their role on Cairo Time ( 2009 ) ] It was a real treasure , a treat , to find a character , a role , that was n't intent on trying to blow up the White House or hijack an airplane .
[ on Clash of the Titans ( 2010 ) ] That was possibly the lamest movie I 've ever been in . I mean , you know , there are some times when you do duds , and I must 've been rubbish , because I think there was all of one minute more of performance that I may have done that did n't end up in the movie . So 50 % of my performance was cut and ... yeah , there 's not much you can say about that .
Toward a New Economy : Introduction Toward a New Economy : Introduction Almost a decade after the financial crisis , economic debate remains trapped by the stale assumptions that led to the calamity , and the search for alternatives is more urgent than ever . Introducing the special section of our Spring issue , Capitalism Today . The International Car Forest of the Last Church , Goldfield , Nevada ( Wes Dickinson / Flickr )
Almost a decade has passed since the financial crisis , yet economic debate remains trapped by stale assumptions that led to the calamity . The consequences of this intellectual failure could not be higher . As Hillary Clinton observed of the Democratic Party in a strikingly honest interview with the New Yorker a few weeks before the election : “ We have been fighting out elections in general on a lot of noneconomic issues over the past thirty years . . . but we have n't had a coherent , compelling economic case. ” Liberals still do n't have one—and , despite posturing to the contrary , neither do conservatives . The diverse essays assembled here point the way to new ground . They analyze capitalism 's past , present , and future—from slavery to the transformations wrought by globalization—and present novel ideas for reform .
James Galbraith examines why Trump is unlikely to fulfill their promises to grow the economy and create jobs . They argue that there are physical , environmental , technological , and institutional obstacles to achieving growth by simply spending more money on infrastructure . They make the case for a vast expansion of the nonprofit and public sector to support a job guarantee program , providing decent pay for jobs in healthcare , the environment , education , and culture sectors .
Mariana Mazzucato and Michael Jacobs inventory the scale of the 2008 economic crisis and document the tepid economic recovery that has followed . They call for a rethinking of economic policy , stressing the public nature of wealth creation . The role of the state is not simply to regulate private economic activity but rather to play a leading role in investment , innovation , and social care .
Alyssa Battistoni surveys the global debate on universal basic income ( UBI ) . In a clarifying essay they recognize the liberating potential of UBI , while remaining critical of those who see it as a replacement for the values of the welfare state . For Battistoni , any version of a basic income that would be palatable to Charles Murray is one not worth having .
Daniel Luban and Michael Ralph each examine aspects of capitalism 's history whose reverberations are still felt today . Luban reviews the life and contemporary relevance of Karl Polanyi , whose critique of market society continues to inspire new generations of readers . Ralph uncovers the sordid history of how many corporations benefit ( through corporate-owned life insurance ) from the deaths of their workers . That practice has roots in the nineteenth century , when mine owners in the booming coal industry took out life insurance policies on their workers—many of whom were also enslaved .
J.W . Mason offers a socialist perspective on globalization and explores how to reconcile conflicting values of internationalism , advancing workers ' interests , and political control of the economy . While not giving up on an egalitarian global agenda , they argue that the struggle to preserve social democracy occurs at the national level .
Much like capitalism , the essays in this section cover a diverse array of subjects , but they share a common theme . They deepen our understanding of the forces shaping our economic system and contribute to the ongoing search for alternatives—a search that , after being dismissed for decades as naive and utopian , is now more urgent than ever .
Mark Levinson is the chief economist at the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) and co–book review editor at Dissent .
Timothy Shenk is a Carnegie Fellow at the New America foundation and co–book review editor at Dissent . They are the author of Maurice Dobb : Political Economist ( Palgrave Macmillan , 2013 ) .
Neural Networks in iOS 10 and macOS
Apple has been using machine learning in their products for a long time : Siri answers our questions and entertains us , iPhoto recognizes faces in our photos , Mail app detects spam messages . As app developers , we have access to some capabilities exposed by Apple 's APIs such as face detection , and starting with iOS 10 , we 'll gain a high-level API for speech recognition and SiriKit .
Sometimes we may want to go beyond the narrow confines of the APIs that are built into the platform and create something unique . Many times , we roll our own machine learning capabilities , using one of a number of off-the-shelf libraries or building directly on top of fast computation capabilities of Accelerate or Metal .
For example , my colleagues built an entry system for our office that uses an iPad to detect a face , then posts a gif in Slack and allows users to unlock the door using a custom command .
But now we have first-party support for neural networks : at WWDC 2016 , Apple introduced not one , but two neural network APIs , called Basic Neural Network Subroutines ( BNNS ) and Convolutional Neural Networks ( CNN ) .
Machine Learning and Neural Networks
AI pioneer Arthur Samuel defined machine learning as a “ field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed. ” Machine learning systems are frequently used to make sense of the data that ca n't easily be described using traditional models .
For example , we can easily write a program that calculates the square footage ( area ) of the house , given the dimensions and shapes of all its rooms and other spaces , but calculating the value of the house is not something we can put in a formula . A machine learning system , on the other hand , is well suited for such problems . By supplying the known real-world data to the system , such as the market value , size of the house , number of bedrooms , etc. , we can train it to be able to predict the price .
A neural network is one of the most common models to building machine learning system . While the mathematical underpinnings of neural networks have been developed over half a century ago in the 1940s , parallel computing made them more feasible in the 1980s and the interest in deep learning sparked a resurgence of neural networks in the 2000s .
A neural network is constructed of a number of layers , each of which consists of one or more nodes . The simplest neural network has three layers : input , hidden and output . The input layer nodes may represent individual pixels in an image or some other parameters . The output layer nodes are often the results of the classification , such as “ dog ” or “ cat ” , if we are trying to automatically detect the contents of a photo . The hidden layer nodes are configured to perform an operation on the inputs or apply the activation function .
Types of Layers
Three common types of layers are pooling , convolution and fully connected .
A pooling layer aggregates the data , reducing its size , typically by using the maximum or average value of its inputs . A series of convolution and pooling layers can be stringed together to gradually distill a photo into a collection of increasingly higher-level features .
A convolution layer transforms an image by applying a convolution matrix to each pixel of the image . If you 've used Pixelmator or Photoshop filters , you 've most likely used a convolution matrix . A convolution matrix is typically a 3x3 or 5x5 matrix that is applied to the input image pixels in order to calculate the new pixel values in the output image . To get the value of the output pixel , we would multiply the values of the pixels in the original image and calculate the average .
For example , this convolution matrix would blur the image :
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
Whereas this one would sharpen the image :
0 -1 0 -1 5 -1 0 -1 0
The neural network 's convolution layer uses the convolution matrix to process the input and generate the data for the next layer , for example , to extract new features in an image , such as edges .
A fully connected layer can be thought of as a convolution layer where the filter has the same size as the original image . In other words , you can think of the fully connected layer as a function that assigns weights to individual pixels , averages the result , and gives a single output value .
Training and Inference
Each layer needs to be configured with appropriate parameters . For example , the convolution layer needs information about the input and output images ( dimensions , number of channels , etc . ) , as well as convolution layer parameters ( kernel size , matrix , etc. ) . The fully connected layer is defined by the input and output vectors , activation function , and weights .
To obtain these parameters , the neural network has to be trained . This is accomplished by passing the inputs through the neural network , determining the output , measuring the error ( i.e. , how far off the actual result was from the predicted result ) , and adjusting the weights via backpropagation . Training a neural network may require hundreds , thousands , or even millions of examples .
At the moment , Apple 's new machine learning APIs can be used for building neural networks that only do inference , but not training . Good thing that Big Nerd Ranch does .
Accelerate : BNNS
The first new API is part of the Accelerate framework and is called BNNS , which stands for Basic Neural Network Subroutines . BNNS complements the BLAS ( Basic Linear Algebra Subroutines ) , which was used in some third-party machine learning applications .
BNNS defines layers in the BNNSFilter class . Accelerate supports three types of layers : convolution layer ( created by the BNNSFilterCreateConvolutionLayer function ) , fully connected layer ( BNNSFilterCreateFullyConnectedLayer ) , and pooling layer ( BNNSFilterCreatePoolingLayer ) .
The MNIST database is a well-known data set containing tens of thousands of hand-written digits that were scanned and resized to fit a 20 by 20 pixel image .
One approach to processing image data is to convert an image into a vector and pass it through a fully connected layer . For the MNIST data , a single 20x20 image would become a vector of 400 values . Here 's how a hand-written digit “ 1 ” would get converted to a vector :
Below is sample code for configuring a fully connected layer that takes a vector of size 400 as an input , uses the sigmoid activation function and outputs a vector of size 25 :
// input layer descriptor BNNSVectorDescriptor i_desc = { .size = 400 , .data_type = BNNSDataTypeFloat32 , .data_scale = 0 , .data_bias = 0 , } ; // hidden layer descriptor BNNSVectorDescriptor h_desc = { .size = 25 , .data_type = BNNSDataTypeFloat32 , .data_scale = 0 , .data_bias = 0 , } ; // activation function BNNSActivation activation = { .function = BNNSActivationFunctionSigmoid , .alpha = 0 , .beta = 0 , } ; BNNSFullyConnectedLayerParameters in_layer_params = { .in_size = i_desc.size , .out_size = h_desc.size , .activation = activation , .weights.data = theta1 , .weights.data_type = BNNSDataTypeFloat32 , .bias.data_type = BNNSDataTypeFloat32 , } ; // Common filter parameters BNNSFilterParameters filter_params = { .version = BNNSAPIVersion_1_0 ; // API version is mandatory } ; // Create a new fully connected layer filter ( ih = input-to-hidden ) BNNSFilter ih_filter = BNNSFilterCreateFullyConnectedLayer ( & i_desc , & h_desc , & in_layer_params , & filter_params ) ; float * i_stack = bir ; // ( float * ) calloc ( i_desc.size , sizeof ( float ) ) ; float * h_stack = ( float * ) calloc ( h_desc.size , sizeof ( float ) ) ; float * o_stack = ( float * ) calloc ( o_desc.size , sizeof ( float ) ) ; int ih_status = BNNSFilterApply ( ih_filter , i_stack , h_stack ) ;
Metal !
Does it get any more metal than this ? As a matter of fact , it does , because the second neural network API is part of Metal Performance Shaders ( MPS ) framework . While Accelerate is the framework for performing fast computing on the CPU , Metal pushes the GPU to its limit . Metal 's flavor is called CNN , the Convolution Neural Network .
MPS comes with a similar set of APIs . Creating a convolution layer requires use of MPSCNNConvolutionDescriptor and MPSCNNConvolution functions . For a pooling layer , MPSCNNPoolingMax would supply the parameters . A fully connected layer is created by the MPSCNNFullyConnected function . The activation functions are defined by subclasses of MPSCNNNeuron : MPSCNNNeuronLinear , MPSCNNNeuronReLU , MPSCNNNeuronSigmoid , MPSCNNNeuronTanH , MPSCNNNeuronAbsolute .
BNNS and CNN compared
This table presents the list of activation functions in Accelerate and Metal :
Accelerate/BNNS Metal Performance Shaders/CNN BNNSActivationFunctionIdentity BNNSActivationFunctionRectifiedLinear MPSCNNNeuronReLU MPSCNNNeuronLinear BNNSActivationFunctionLeakyRectifiedLinear BNNSActivationFunctionSigmoid MPSCNNNeuronSigmoid BNNSActivationFunctionTanh MPSCNNNeuronTanH BNNSActivationFunctionScaledTanh BNNSActivationFunctionAbs MPSCNNNeuronAbsolute
Pooling functions :
Accelerate/BNNS Metal Performance Shaders/CNN BNNSPoolingFunctionMax MPSCNNPoolingMax BNNSPoolingFunctionAverage MPSCNNPoolingAverage
Accelerate and Metal provide a very similar set of functionality for neural networks , so the choice of one or the other will depend on each application . While GPUs are typically preferred for the kinds of computations required in machine learning , data locality may cause the Metal CNN to perform poorer than the Accelerate BNNS version . If the neural network operates on images that have been loaded into the GPU , for example , using MPSImage and the new MPSTemporaryImage , Metal is the clear winner .
Want more info on machine learning ? Check out this post on getting started with Core ML , a new framework announced at WWDC 2017 .
Opponents of an effort to remove Confederate monuments in New Orleans have launched a campaign to discourage construction firms from bidding on the project .
Save Our Circle , a group set up to fight the removals , is encouraging its nearly 10,000 Facebook members to reach out to any companies that might bid and let them know that their participation would not be appreciated .
The city released the bid specifications Tuesday ( Feb. 23 ) . A day later , four firms were listed as having downloaded the documents . It 's possible to download the documents without leaving contact information , so more companies may be pursuing the job and simply did n't leave their names . The companies who downloaded the documents after logging in with their bid credentials , thereby leaving their contact information available to the public , may regret it .
Jonathan Maki , one of the public faces of the Save Our Circle movement , said that the group has been encouraging its members express their displeasure through phone calls to the businesses .
Members are encouraged to be professional and polite , while still making it clear that they will not support any business that aids in the removal of the statues , Maki said . `` We will not tolerate any threats , '' they said . `` But there 's nothing wrong with us calling to express our opinion , our discontent . We want to make taking on this job as unattractive as possible . ''
Controversy surrounding the removal of statues of Robert E. Lee , Jefferson Davis and P.G.T . Beauregard has already disrupted the city 's efforts .
Mayor Mitch Landrieu 's administration originally sought to award the contract directly to a firm from its pool of pre-approved bidders , but the general contractor pulled out , saying it had received death threats . A crane company that had participated in preliminary work and was lined up to serve as a subcontractor also renounced the project .
A consultant tasked with coordinating the move has said several other crane companies declined to be considered for the job , citing the political firestorm that was sure to come with it .
Two of the four companies whose names were listed as having downloaded the bid documents said they had done so strictly out of curiosity . The other two did not respond , but it 's unlikely they intend to compete for the work because they are not in the construction business .
Bids are due by March 29 . After a contract is signed , the company has seven days to get to work and no more than 45 days to complete it , including the restoration of the monument sites .
But what they do seem to encourage , in passages that are ambiguous sentence by sentence but clearer in their cumulative weight , is the existing practice in many places — the informal admission of remarried Catholics to communion by sympathetic priests .
This move means that the truce is still in effect , but its terms have distinctly changed . There is still a formal teaching that remarriage without an annulment is adultery , that adultery is a mortal sin , that people who persist in mortal sins should not receive communion . And there is no structure or system in church life that contradicts any of this . This many conservatives still have , and it 's enough to stave off a sense of immediate theological crisis .
But there is also now a new papal teaching : A teaching in favor of the truce itself . That is , the post-1960s separation between doctrine and pastoral practice now has a papal imprimatur , rather than being a state of affairs that popes were merely tolerating for the sake of unity . Indeed , for Pope Francis that separation is clearly a hoped-for source of renewal , revival and revitalization , rather than something that renewal or revival might enable the church to gradually transcend .
Again , this is not the clear change of doctrine , the proof of concept for other changes , that many liberal bishops and cardinals sought . But it is an encouragement for innovation on the ground , for the de facto changes that more sophisticated liberal Catholics believe will eventually render certain uncomfortable doctrines as dead letters without the need for a formal repudiation from the top .
This means that the new truce may be even shakier than the old one . In effectively licensing innovation rather than merely tolerating it , and in transforming the papacy 's keenest defenders into wary critics , it promises to heighten the church 's contradictions rather than contain them .
And while it does not undercut the pope 's authority as directly as a starker change might have , it still carries a distinctive late-Marxist odor — a sense that the church 's leadership is a little like the Soviet nomenklatura , bound to ideological precepts that they 're no longer confident can really , truly work .
A slippage that follows from this lack of confidence is one of the most striking aspects of the pope 's letter . What the church considers serious sin becomes mere “ irregularity. ” What the church considers a commandment becomes a mere “ ideal. ” What the church once stated authoritatively it now proffers tentatively , in tones laced with self-effacement , self-critique .
CLOSE Mormon-church owned Brigham Young University in Utah is reversing its six-decade ban on selling caffeinated soft drinks on its campus . The school made the change Thursday after receiving more requests from students to serve caffeinated soda . ( Sept. 21 ) AP
Mormon-based Brigham Young University now offers caffeinated soft drinks on campus , ending a decades-long policy not to offer them . ( Photo11 : Tom Pennington )
Welcome , Brigham Young University , to the wonderful world of caffeine .
At the urging of students , the Mormon-based college in Utah lifted its decades-long moratorium on caffeinated soft drinks Thursday morning , allowing campus restaurants , vending machines , stores and dining halls to offer the sweet buzz of caffeine-filled sodas . The change also includes sports facilities , meaning Cougar fans will be able to buy a Coke at BYU 's next home football game .
University spokesperson Carri Jenkins said the policy started at 8 a.m. , when the campus ' vending machines began to be filled with caffeinated sodas . Caffeinated fountain soda will come later after equipment is updated .
Jenkins stressed there never was a ban on caffeinated drinks on campus , only that the university never allowed it to be offered on campus . Thus , you were previously allowed to bring a Coke or Pepsi onto BYU grounds .
However , the university stopped short of changing its policy on energy drinks , which still are not allowed .
At BYU , students and employees are not allowed to drink coffee or tea on campus as it goes against the school 's Honor Code , which among other things says students , administrators and staff will , `` abstain from alcoholic beverages , tobacco , tea , coffee and substance abuse . ''
The honor code only applies to staff and students . Visitors , Jenkins said , are allowed to drink coffee and tea on campus .
Read more : Mormon church cuts ties with Boys Scouts for older teens
The university takes its Honor Code seriously . In 2011 , the school booted star basketball player Brandon Davies from the team after the university found out they were having premarital sex , a violation of the Honor Code 's commitment to a `` chaste and virtuous life . ''
The Mormon church , which founded the school , appeared to give the go-ahead on caffeinated soda in 2012 . After an NBC News special on the religion , the church issued a blog post clarifying that its health guideline `` does not mention the use of caffeine . '' However , the post said it does prohibit `` hot drinks , '' specifically coffee and tea .
Did I just buy the first ever caffeinated Coke Zero Sugar sold in # BYU 's Wilkinson Student Center ?
Yes , yes I did . pic.twitter.com/zjKFFuQB6w — Christopher Jones ( @ ccjones13 ) September 21 , 2017
The no-caffeinated-soft-drinks policy was developed at BYU in the mid-1950s . Jenkins said the original decision was based on the fact there was n't interest in the drinks . That 's no longer the case .
`` Dining services rarely received requests for caffeinated soda , '' said Dean Wright , director of BYU 's Dining Services . `` Consumer preferences have clearly changed and requests have become much more frequent . ''
The school has a contract to offer only Coca-Cola products on products . It insists the change was not made for financial reasons .
`` This decision was not based on financial considerations , '' Wright said . `` We are simply working to meet the preferences of our customers . ''
Follow Sean Rossman on Twitter : @ SeanRossman
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2ygxU99
A SUNSHINE Coast mother accused of going on a spending spree after Centrelink mistakenly put $ 2 million into their bank account has pleaded guilty to theft .
Judy Lorbek , 46 , entered the plea in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today and will be sentenced in the District Court on a date to be fixed .
The Coes Creek mother-of-three will remain on bail until that time but must not go anywhere near an RSL club as part of their release conditions after police claim they spent large amounts of money there in the past .
They have also been released on a $ 400,000 surety and is facing up to 10 years in jail when sentenced .
Lorbek was charged with the theft of $ 2,019,052.83 from the Commonwealth Department of Human Services child support program .
The charge came after more than $ 2 million was put into Lorbek 's bank account by Centrelink intead of a $ 2000 payment in February this year .
Now if you 're anything like me , you 're British , wear only white socks and sometimes cry yourself to sleep . You 've also had it up to here with these constant Marijuana-related revelations . Every day it 's either The Sun printing some story about an asthmatic 95-year-old AIDs victim dying after one joint , or it 's some heavily-dreaded druggie 's blog stating that the enigmatic herb can now cure cancer . As you can imagine , it pleased me to no end when a new study sauntered in and debunked every single one of these mad-hat theories , as well as shedding some light on the drug for us non-users .
A team of specialists from the University of Birmingham , supervised by a Professor Gene Lang , have been extensively studying the cannabis plant for over three years and , on Saturday , made their first major breakthrough . Rather than trying to explain the fine details in my own words , I 'd be better off showing you the Professor 's own tweet made on Saturday afternoon shortly after the discovery was made :
“ A series of thorough tests , scans and surveys have revealed that , despite popular myth , the ‘ drug ' marijuana has absolutely no effect , positive or negative , on the human mental or physical state ” .
Now when I logged into Twitter two hours after the Professor made their tweet , it had only been seen by 212 of their meagre 1092 followers . But , as night drew in and the elusive hashtag # weeddoesnothing began to spread , other marijuana users started ‘ coming out ' .
“ @ ProfessorGeneLang my parents were always insistent that weed causes long-term psychological damage- but I could be sure that my brother was just a massive psycho all along ! ”
“ # weeddoesnothing mann I swer dis is true ! ! ! ! wenever im blazin wiv m8s I swer I cant feel a fing do u rekon my m8s cant neether dey jus 2 scarred to accually mention it ? ? ? ”
It was n't long before the discovery garnered widespread media coverage . Cypress Hill 's B-Real , known for condoning the drug in songs like Hits from the Bong and I Wan na Get High , broke down crying in an interview for their appearance at the upcoming 420 SmokeUp Festival . Teary-eyed , the rapper praised Lang 's article for giving them the confidence to “ come out of the closet ” , confessing that their lifelong love for marijuana was nothing more than a “ sick corporate image thing ” . Between sobs Mr. Real went on to state that he 'd never noticed any intoxicating effects , and that he 'd only ever wanted to write simple songs about their love for cider .
Soon enough the story went global . 180,000 new followers and 50,000 re-tweets later , Professor Lang finally graced the public with a full article on the subject , topping the cake of scientific discovery with the sweet icing of confirmed statistics and primary sources . Shortly after Lang was interviewed by journalist and broadcaster Gary Pewer .
Professor Gene Lang , what exactly are the functions of marijuana , if any ?
I 've witnessed marijuana being smoked in pipes and bongs by teenagers . This is in order to appear ‘ willing ' or ‘ cool ' to their friends without putting up with the harmful effects of tobacco . Many youths secretly smoke marijuana in faux-cigarettes to avoid the consequent headrush and nausea that tobacco causes . Large doses of marijuana can be used as a makeshift draft excluder , or to pad out or add weight to a suitcase meant to contain certain quantities of real drugs , perhaps as a decoy for the police or as a scam directed at local buyers .
Does this discovery mean that marijuana did not actually have a positive effect on music ?
That 's right . Bob Marley was actually just talented .
And The Beatles too ?
No they were off their faces on LSD .
But what with every darn government under the sun now buying into this ‘ wonder drug ' , I do n't expect Professor Lang 's proven scientific research will go very far . It 's possible that , by the time I post this article , their findings are nowhere to be seen but lurking the dark alleys of the internet . The people in charge are making a killing off of marijuana , and they 're not about to let some rogue expert prove that no laughing fits , increased libido , euphoria or creativity will ever come from sparking up .
Advertisements
`` I do n't eat school lunch anyway . . . It looks weird . ''
This is from a high school student , quoted in the New York Times over the weekend , in response to a seemingly `` beefless '' future in school cafeterias . Most of the recent media outcry surrounds “ pink slime , ” the low-fat filler used to bulk up many processed meats . Coverage focuses on schools , where parents and administrators alike worry about students ' exposure to `` chemically-treated '' foodstuffs and poorly-labeled processed meat .
The low-cost , nutritious school lunch has long been an American institution . Smaller school budgets and larger student populations have led to schools cutting costs wherever possible . When industrial beef producers suggested a newer , cheaper meat alternative back in the early ‘ 90s , cash-strapped school districts happily agreed .
In 2010 , Michael Moss of the New York Times won a Pulitzer for reports probing the processing end of the beef industry . They were among the first to explore the sterilization process , microbial testing , and potential contamination recalls over the past decade . Today , more journalists , along with celebrity chefs , moms , and school officials have all taken up torches and pitchforks against `` pink slime '' . Online articles address a myriad of questions : Where does this product come from , and where does it end up ? Is it OK to eat ? Why are n't all the ingredients labeled ? How is it made , anyway ?
But thus far , no one has really satiated my curiosity…what , exactly , is `` pink slime ? ''
What Pink Slime Is , and What It 's Not
Let 's address the name - there 's undeniably an “ ‘ ick factor'…ever heard anyone use [ slime ] in a positive way ? ” ( Borrowing a pithy phrase from Deborah Blum , who covered the subject for Discover Blogs )
Well , if you come from the meat producers ' camp , you instead refer to “ slime ” as lean , finely-textured beef , or LFTB . Connective tissue , trimmings , and scraps from industrial butcher plants are mixed in a large steel reactor , where technicians heat the mixture to 100 oF , initiating tissue lysis – fats and oils begin to rise up , while thicker bits like protein sink . After a spin on the centrifuge to separate these components , lean , squishy pink goo emerges . Ammonium hydroxide – ammonia dissolved partially in water – sterilizes the resulting mass against microbes such as E. coli or Salmonella . ( Side Note : a similar product , finely textured beef , uses citric acid in place of ammonia to eliminate pathogens ) . Once extruded , the “ slime ” can be blended into hamburger , hot dogs , and other products , or frozen into pellets for shipping and storage .
But , is it nutritious ? Consumers can certainly make valid arguments regarding LFTB 's content : there 's less overall “ functional ” protein than that found in other meat products . An analysis conducted at Iowa State University ( A.S. Leaflet R1361 ) found two-and-a-half times more insoluble protein ( 77 % vs. 30 % ) relative to soluble proteins in ordinary ground chuck . Nutritionally , our gut bacteria digest much of what we can not , but there 's a good bet that we ca n't get as much value from insoluble proteins ( collagen and elastin , found largely in tendons , ligaments , and cartilage ) as from their soluble siblings ( myosin and actin , usually associated with muscle tissues ) . While these proteins may be hard to digest , on the plus side , there 's less fat in LFTB ( ~5 % ) than standard ground chuck ( 15-20 % ) .
For those revolted by these contents , or even the thought of anything referred to as “ slime ” crossing their plates , I have two comments : first , consider Jell-O . The packaging only lists a single ingredient , which reads : gelatin . If you were to tell a child that “ gummy worms ” and other wobbly treats were made from steamed animal bones , would they really want dessert ?
Second , consider checking the Code of Federal Regulations ( CFR ) , the U.S. Gov't standards used to coordinate aspects of daily life ranging from taxes to farming . In 9CFR 301.2 , a collection of terms used in the meat packaging industry , we see the following definition for meat :
“ The part of the muscle of any cattle , sheep , swine , or goats , which is skeletal or which is found in the tongue , diaphragm , heart , or esophagus , with or without the accompanying or overlying fat , and the portions of bone…skin , sinew , nerve , and blood vessels which normally accompany the muscle tissue , and are not separated from it in the process of dressing . ”
Pretty gruesome reading , true , but realize that this explanation covers everything bought at the butcher , so think carefully when considering catch-all meat products like grounds , mush , pastes , or loaves . In this light , “ slime ” does n't seem half as bad ; as a culture , we 've implicitly agreed that throat , blood , and tendons are already on the menu .
Ammonia and Other Additives
Since we 're checking the CFR , let 's consider all the other approved meat additives we encounter there . Mosey on over to 9CFR 424.21 to find a table , no less than 20 pages in length , of all the allowable additives used in meat processing : tenderizers , emulsifiers , denuders , binders , bleaching agents , and sweeteners , all on display for the discerning diner 's palate . Compared to “ pink slime ” seeing only brief ammonia exposure , I 'm more inclined to be suspicious of sausage .
Speaking of additives , what about the ammonium hydroxide ? As Blum points out , you 've eaten it before : close molecular cousins ammonium chloride ( NH 4 Cl ) and ammonium phosphate [ ( NH 4 ) 3 PO 4 ] are found in licorice and breads , respectively . Plant proteins like pectins and glutens are commonly treated with ammonia for various food applications . I 'm less concerned with the ammonia treatment , but more with just how much ammonia a single batch of LFTB requires making it “ safe. ” Levels high enough to raise the product pH to about 9.00 rid the beef of most virulent microorganisms , but batches tested by the New York Times back in 2009 showed pH levels as low as 7.75 . So what , that 's not a huge difference , right ? The pH scale tracks logarithmically , so a one unit variance actually corresponds to 10 times less ammonia , which might reduce odor but also increases potential bacterial contamination .
Contrary to some news reports , ammonia is not a “ pink chemical , ” it 's colorless . Nor does the level of ammonia in meat even approach that found in floor cleaners . For my money , a more worrisome butcher 's helper comes from an entirely different source – carbon monoxide , which when applied to beef binds to the myoglobin and causes the tissue to develop the reassuring pink color consumers associate with freshness and quality .
One last safety note - perhaps the few examples of contamination detected really are outliers . Click here for the 40-page USDA checklist meat producers must complete to assess their sterilization measures . This document addresses all production activities , including testing regimens , sampling size , antiseptic washes , lot documentation , and cross-contamination checks . USDA even establishes a maximum target of 0.2 % for lot checking ; or a tolerance of 2 per thousand lots produced with positive tests ( in 2007 , positive tests had crept up too high , and USDA cracked down . Higher numbers of failed tests were also noted in Moss 's 2009 Times article ) . Surprisingly , a chart buried near the middle ( p.13 ) of the checklist indicates that processed beef has a lower overall risk of bacterial contamination relative to standard raw beef .
“ That 's the thing…it is n't freaking labeled . ”
Microbiologist Gerald Zirnstein , a meat industry critic and the man whose 2002 email inadvertently coined the term “ pink slime , ” delivered this rebuttal in a Reuters interview this past weekend . Under current regulations , LFTB does not have to be disclosed separately on labels , with the caveat that USDA allows a 15 % maximum of the stuff in any product . However , a generation of parents accustomed to fighting high-fructose corn syrup and artificial dyes argue for inclusion of , at least , ammonia in the final ingredient list . Since manufacturers ( and the USDA ) consider this a production step , it , too , does n't need to be discretely mentioned .
So , besides loose labeling and chemical treatment , what is it about this processed meat that so unnerves customers ? Certainly , it does n't look like a traditional cut anymore , but then neither does hamburger . The “ slime ” moniker does n't help matters , nor its public unfamiliarity - slicing animals into sections has a long history in human culture , but secondary processing of the remains is more recent . Blame cultural context : while steaks , chops , and ribs are on menus everywhere , LFTB is not . Perhaps we have n't had time to adapt . Yet processed food still fills a necessary societal role – it 's widely available , inexpensive , and can be fortified with nutrients and vitamins .
But is LFTB really food anymore ? I would say yes , in the same way those byproducts from any other organism that we consume are . Surely , most people realize that we set our table every day thanks to the labors of other life forms : honey , from bee regurgitation , yogurt , from bacterial metabolism , and multiple cheeses from calf enzymes ( rennets ) or via fungal decomposition . Cochineal , a crimson dye still used to color meat products ( 9CFR , p. 624 ) , comes from the dried , crushed bodies of millions of tiny insects . But , compared to insects and microbes , cows hit closer to home somehow , so we revolt at a meat byproduct we do n't recognize .
So , for my final thoughts : to the beef industry , clearer labeling and heightened public awareness would help to quash some of the squeamishness at LFTB 's inclusion in the food pantheon . And to the schools and parents , well-documented and tested LFTB does n't seem to be much more harmful , albeit less nutritious , than the Jell-O we already serve at dessert .
Enjoy your school lunch . Bon appétit !
Note : the top image replaced on 3/28/2012 .
