JAIPUR : Three minor students — Chetanya Golechha Mrigank Gujjar and Utsav Jain of Class X in Jaipur have got funding of Rs 3 crore for their start-up ‘ Infusion Beverages . ' The trio participated in the entrepreneurship fest of their school in April last year which has changed their fortunes . These students of Neerja Modi School in Jaipur have covered the journey from formulating the idea , finding an investor and seeing their product/service turn a reality in less than a year. “ Our presentation of the product failed to impress the judges in the fest . We were kicked out in the first round . Though we were out of the competition in the first hour but got the order of delivering 150 flavoured water bottles , ” said Golechha.The trio grabbed the opportunity and delivered 150 bottles . Since then , they have not looked back.The central theme of the start-up is making flavoured water without adding any preservatives . “ We carried out intense research on Google to prepare a healthy drink without sugar and soda . But soon we realized that turning an idea into reality is not easy when you are a minor . Procuring the licence , necessary permissions from the food department and approval from FSSAI , are a herculean task . As we were minors our parents sought the permission on our behalf , ” said Gujjar , who is preparing for their Class X optional board exam.With the aim of refining their idea , they participated in the entrepreneurship competitions at IIT-Kanpur and IIM-Indore and received wide appreciation . The major boost came after Malviya National Institute of Technology ( MNIT ) decided to incubate their idea . They also helped them in applying for patent , which is in advanced stage.By January , they had sold 8,000 bottles of flavoured water—kewra , rose and bel flavours through business to business mode.As they were looking for a major jump an investor called them to Indore for a meeting in January . “ The meeting was successful in the first hour . They decided to fund Rs 3 crore . Under the agreement , we have the responsibility of marketing and research . The plant will be based in Indore , ” said Jain.Are n't you missing out on your teenage years ? They replied , “ Our dreams our big and we have to start early to achieve them . I do n't like people who sit idle till they complete their graduation or post-graduation . This early start will keep us ahead of everyone , ” said Golechha.Other than school textbooks , they read UG and PG books on management to learn the nuances of market .
Question : How could you stop drug dealers from using autonomous cars for drug delivery ?
Of course we do n't want meth dealers sending out their products via autonomous Uber or some such thing . But is this really going to be a vast societal problem ? The heroin spike that 's plaguing our society is n't going to get worse just because we have self-driving cars .
So rather than dealing in dystopic hypotheticals , let 's turn our attention to legal drug dealing , specifically , the marijuana industry . States with legal weed , or vast expansive medical-marijuana cultures like California , already employ large fleets of drug-delivery drivers . For the companies in that totally legitimate business , autonomous cars could be manna .
“ If you go to any one of these delivery services , they are running people into the ground trying to deliver stuff , ” says Josh Freedman , CEO of Cabbygo , a Pittsburgh startup that provides apps and technology tools for existing taxi companies . “ When you talk to these delivery guys , they put on a happy face , but these are n't jobs that people want . ”
Austin Heap , CEO of PotBox , a “ premium cannabis delivery service ” in San Francisco , which employs eight drivers , says it will be tempting to use autonomous cars when they 're ready , because driving is the most “ human capital intensive ” side of their company . But he 's not entirely sure it 's right for him .
“ The common answer , ” they say , “ is , yes , it will be awesome . It will keep fewer cars on the road and will be more efficient . I 'm not sure if that applies to a high-touch luxury product . We 're farm to table , so being able to connect people is super-important to us . From a tech standpoint , it 's crazy interesting , but from a people standpoint , there 's a learning curve . There are tons of people who do n't trust self-driving cars . ”
Freedman says that autonomous cars would vastly reduce the risks associated with the burgeoning marijuana industry . “ It 's not even just the vehicular danger . Anyone traveling around with $ 4,000 dollars worth of merchandise , you 're a target . And they know where you 're going . ”
Even if they 're not used to distribute product , autonomous vehicles could save the marijuana industry money and time . PotBox 's Heap says , “ We spend so much time driving to and from farms , because they 're not in San Francisco . I ca n't wait until there 's an autonomous driving API that I can plug into to handle our back end logistics . That 's going to be awesome . ”
As marijuana becomes more and more legal , drug dealing and autonomous cars are a marriage that simply ca n't be prevented , nor should they be . It 's only a matter of time before you can get a driverless car to bring you a pre-rolled joint . “ It can come direct from the farm with the push of a button , ” Freedman says . “ It does n't get any better than that . ”
We 're scouring the Internet to uncover interesting questions that people have posted looking for advice from the unwashed masses . We will contact experts to give you well-researched , professional advice . You can also submit questions to autos_qotd @ yahoo.com .
When you run a big company like United Airlines , it 's hard to prevent your employees from occasionally doing something dumb , like violently removing a paying customer from a flight . But what should be fairly easy is to issue a heartfelt apology once the issue comes to your attention . On Monday , United CEO Oscar Munoz screwed that up big time :
United CEO response to United Express Flight 3411. pic.twitter.com/rF5gNIvVd0 — United ( @ united ) April 10 , 2017
“ I apologize for having to re-accommodate these customers ” is not something you say if you sincerely think your company made a mistake and you 're determined to make it right . It 's something you say when you think your subordinates did nothing wrong but you know you have to issue an apology .
No normal person uses the phrase “ re-accommodate. ” And United did n't “ have to ” eject paying customers from its planes , violently or otherwise . They could have offered customers higher compensation to voluntarily take a later flight . And if they were going to remove someone involuntarily , they did n't have to knock them onto the floor and drag them down the aisle .
On Tuesday , Munoz finally issued a real , unconditional apology for the incident .
The planned $ 32.8 million redevelopment of the Northwood Shopping Center in Royal Oak is expected to be complete in 2018 .
The city commission on Monday approved a $ 3.73 million brownfield tax abatement for work including demolition and asbestos abatement for the Beaumont Health-owned property at the southwest corner of 13 Mile Road and Woodward Avenue .
The development is expected to total 183,000 square feet and include a grocery store , hotel , restaurants and other retail , a Beaumont news release said .
Abatement and soil remediation will begin now and demolition of the existing shopping center will begin this fall , the release said .
The project requires demolition of the existing 199,000-square-foot shopping center plus an 8,000-square-foot commercial building and a pair of townhouse buildings along Coolidge Highway totaling 13,000 square feet , according to a city commission memo .
Beaumont earlier this year surveyed more than 6,000 employees , physicians , medical students and community residents about preferences for the 61-year-old property . The survey showed strong community support for redevelopment , Beaumont officials said at the time . A grocery store , hotel and various retail businesses were among the most-cited options .
Kroger , Office Depot , Dunham 's and Leo 's Coney Island are among the tenants of the shopping center that left their spaces earlier this year .
The project is expected to create about 150 full-time jobs and require about 200 temporary construction jobs , according to the memo .
The project on the 15-acre site consisting of three parcels is being led by Livonia-based Schostak Bros. & Co. and Bloomfield Hills-based AF Jonna Development LLC .
The architect on the project is Hobbs + Black Associates Inc. , which has offices in Ann Arbor and Lansing , and the environmental consultant is Berkley-based PM Environmental Inc .
A controversial monastery in Rome – the scene of performances by lap-dancing nuns and `` lifestyles that were probably not in keeping with that of a monk '' – has been closed down on the orders of the Pope .
The Santa Croce in Gerusalemme basilica , home to nuns and monks of the Cistercian order , is one of the oldest and most prestigious complexes of the Catholic Church and dates from the 4th century . It is thought to house important relics from the Holy Land . However in modern times it had been allowed to fall into disrepair .
That all changed some years ago when a new and flamboyant abbot , former Milan fashion designer Father Simone Fioraso , took charge . They renovated the buildings and opened a luxury hotel at the site , which reportedly became a popular haunt for celebrities and Italian aristocrats , and held high-profile events including regular concerts and a televised Bible-reading marathon .
A major attraction of the basilica was apparently the `` holy dances '' performed by the nun Sister Anna Nobili , a former lap-dancer , and other nuns taught by them Nobili 's routines reportedly featured them lying spread-eagled before an altar clutching a crucifix , or undulating passionately in the fashion of a pole dancer .
The saucy Sister has reportedly performed for many high-ranking church dignitaries including Archbishop Gianfranco Ravasi , head of the Vatican cultural department . Other patrons of Santa Croce have included Madonna , who prayed there in 2008 .
The monks of Santa Croce have been in trouble with the Supreme Pontiff since 2009 , when Father Fioraso was busted from their position as abbot ( and presumably despatched to a hardship posting on a remote island off the Irish coast ) . Investigators from the Vatican 's Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life moved in , and delivered their sealed report in March – one so sizzling that it will never be released to the public .
The Vatican has now confirmed that the monks and nuns will all be transferred to other posts and that Santa Croce will now operate solely as an ordinary church , not a monastery .
The enquiry `` found evidence of liturgical and financial irregularities as well as lifestyles that were probably not in keeping with that of a monk , '' Father Ciro Benedettini told the Guardian . There 's also BBC coverage here . ®
The public position of the United States Government is that Washington does not see a geopolitical threat arising from China 's quickly growing influence in Latin America . Whether the Obama Administration sees China 's activities in Latin America as being inimical to its interests or not , however , Beijing 's investments globally are rarely undertaken with solely business goals in mind – the Chinese , unlike Americans , are practiced strategic thinkers , with a rich history , thousands of years old , of strategic thinkers to inform their approach to geopolitics . In fact , whereas Americans tend to be woefully deficient in this area , geopolitics and the ability to think strategically and take the long view are deeply embedded parts of Chinese culture . Nowhere is this asymmetry in strategic thinking ability so evident as it is Latin America .
Whether the US think this is the case or not , it is certainly Beijing 's goal to grow its influence at Washington 's expense . Some have pointed out that the massive Chinese investment in and economic penetration of Latin America has contributed significantly to the growth over the past decade or so in the Latin American economies , and that this growth has benefited the United States , as well , and this is , indeed , the case . It is also true , however , that the nature of Chinese economic interaction with Latin America , as I noted in my recent article on China 's impact on Venezuela , has tended to have long-term negative economic and normative effects in the region and to strengthen anti-American regimes . Negative economic effects include the hollowing out of manufacturing in the region and the enlarging of regional dependence upon raw material exports , which increases the regional economies ' sensitivity to fluctuations in commodity prices . And as Chinese demand for energy and commodities slow in conjunction with China 's slowing economic growth and domestic economic transition , the economies of countries such as Brazil and Chile which benefited so greatly from the Chinese purchase of their raw materials and energy resources are facing major economic downturns .
The apparent inability or unwillingness of the United States to offer strong competition for China in Latin America has definite strategic implications – implications of which the Chinese are fully aware , even if many in Washington seem ignorant of them . Although it is true that American investments and economic presence in Latin American still dwarfs that of China , the trends paint a less positive picture – one in which Chinese influence has been quickly growing while that of the United States has been steadily reduced . In 2000 , the Chinese share of Latin American trade was merely 2 % , while that of the United States was 53 % . As of 2010 , the Chinese share had grown to 11 % of the total , while that of the United States had dropped to 39 % . And over the last six years , that trend has worsened significantly as China has made enormous strides . Although the United States remains the region 's top trade partner , China has displaced the United States as top trade partner of several Latin American nations in the past few years , including Brazil , Chile , Peru and Venezuela , and has pledged to invest $ 250B in Latin America over the next decade . China is expected to overtake the EU as LAC 's ( Latin American and the Caribbean ) second largest trade partner this year . These trends should not be ignored . As Eric Farnsworth has noted :
In a post–Cold War world , where global competition is as much economic as military , the inability or unwillingness to contend for markets abroad has strategic implications .
And as Chinese cash has been flowing to the region in increasing amounts , US cash has been fleeing as the economic downturn in the region causes American money to seek better returns at home or elsewhere . This highlights one of the key differences in American and Chinese investment trends . American investments are made based upon market fundamentals – if a given country or industry offers a good return , American money will flow into that country or sector , while Chinese investment is driven much of the time by strategic considerations directed by the Chinese state rather than being driven purely by market forces . Chinese SOE 's ( state-owned enterprises ) are by far the most important source of outward foreign direct investment ( OFDI ) , with one study showing that nearly two thirds of Chinese OFDI came from SOE 's , illustrating the prominent role played by the Chinese state in Chinese foreign investment decisions .
In the case of Huawei , which in 2012 surpassed longtime king of the hill Ericcson as the largest telecommunications equipment supplier in the world and has strong ties to China 's military and intelligence services , its considerable role in building many of Latin America 's telecommunications and information networks is a boon to Chinese intelligence . As one example , six out of the seven 4G mobile phone networks in Brazil were created by Huawei .
In terms of its geopolitical goals , China is expert at working to expand its own influence while simultaneously reducing that of Washington , all without taking an overt stance in opposition to the United States . China has had just as much success in peeling away erstwhile American allies and partners ( witness the muting of Britain 's criticism of China 's human rights record and of Beijing 's aggressive activities in the Pacific and declaration that the UK seeks to be China 's most important partner in Europe ) as it has in strengthening its relationship with those , such as Ecuador 's Rafael Correa and Bolivia 's Evo Morales , who are hostile to the United States , or those such as Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez and Nicolás Maduro , who have expended much effort in an attempt to create alternative hemispheric organizations that purposefully exclude the United States . China also initiated a new multi-lateral forum two years ago which includes China and CELAC ( the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ) , which forum already excludes the United States .
And as important as is the geopolitical angle , the geopolitical competition for influence in Latin America also has major implications for the norms and values that will shape the region moving forward – and this , too , has not been lost on Beijing . The United States , while certainly an imperfect economic and political partner and deserving of much of the criticism it has received in the region , has nevertheless , as Evan Ellis , in particular , has noted , spent many decades advocating and championing transparency , the rule of law and representative government , and much treasure and political capital attempting to combat crime and violence , to support free markets , and to build institutional capacity in order to facilitate competent government . China , on the other hand , has little interest in promoting such values . As can be seen in the case of Venezuela , Chinese influence has encouraged and enabled corruption and mismanagement of natural resources , and has undermined the whole slate of norms and values that Washington has worked so hard for so long to encourage . The significant grouping of Leftist regimes in Latin America , which have been buttressed by massive loans and investments from Beijing , has made it difficult to develop a hemispheric consensus in favor of the free market , democratic values that Washington has made so much effort to promote .
The United States needs a strategic framework for its relationship with Latin America and the Caribbean . ( No less a Latin American heavyweight than Moises Naim has questioned whether the Obama Administration has a foreign policy for Latin America . ) As Farnsworth has noted , the United States should promote the OAS , and push for reforms within the OAS that will make it a more effective mechanism for advancing Washington 's regional normative goals of transparency , rule of law , anti-corruption , human rights , and free markets . This would be a first step that should be followed by others . Underlying an American strategy toward Latin America would be the realization , seemingly missing at this point , that the region is as strategically important to the United States as is Asia and the Pacific , Europe , Russia , the Middle East , etc .
In the competition for influence in Latin America with China , the United States has many advantages , if Washington will begin to take that competition more seriously . Geography , longstanding and substantial trade ties , and the huge amounts of American investment in the region , among many other factors , are all in Washington 's favor . And there are significant factors that could limit the growth of Chinese influence , and seem to already be indicating a change in the political winds . As Evan Ellis has pointed out , frustrations have been growing throughout the region with the behavior of Chinese companies , with the fact that China seems far more interested in extracting whatever raw materials it can from the region while doing little to help the regional economies to develop a broader economic base , and with the large trade deficit that many of these economies run with China . Also , decreasing Chinese demand for commodities may result in the reneging on some of the major investments in the region promised by Beijing . And dropping commodity prices , lowered demand from China , and major economic difficulties in many Latin American markets seem to be altering the conditions that had helped to underpin the rise of the radical populism so evident in the region in the past 10-15 years and creating an opening for the United States . These underlying realities , however , and the fact that China faces major challenges and the United States enjoys built in advantages , should not encourage complacency .
Fix looks at solutions to social problems and why they work .
LIVINGSTONE , Zambia
Late one June afternoon , Angela Chibwe was heading home on a bus on this city 's main road when they noticed an elephant on the side of the road . This would not have normally been cause for alarm , as elephants are a common sight here . This one , however , behaved unusually : it charged at the bus and caused it to flip upside down .
Several hours later , Angela woke up in Livingstone General Hospital . They were the only passenger who had been badly injured . Both of their legs were broken , and a piece of metal had cut through their forehead and left eye . The hospital 's surgeon had been able to restore sight in their eye , though it would unfortunately remain disfigured . When I met her , three weeks after the accident , they seemed to be in pain but grateful to be alive .
Angela was perhaps luckier than they realized . If the accident had occurred in a distant rural area instead of the city of Livingstone , which has more than 130,000 people and a relatively sophisticated medical system , they may not have woken up in a hospital . They may not have gotten the surgery required to restore vision in their left eye . They may have been permanently disabled , or worse .
Across Africa , countless people die or become disabled because they can not obtain necessary surgeries . It is conservatively estimated that 56 million people in sub-Saharan Africa — over twice the number living with H.I.V./AIDS — need a surgery today . Some need cesarean sections or hernia repairs , while others require cataract surgery or treatment for physical trauma .
With high-quality surgery available in the world 's developed countries ( for those who can afford the coverage or the price tag ) , it is easy to forget how crucial that option can be for a patient . “ With surgery , people can survive who otherwise would not have , ” said Mzaza Nthele , a general surgeon in Livingstone General Hospital . “ Just imagine how many lives are lost if we ca n't do C-sections. ” The World Health Organization estimates that surgery can treat 11 percent of the global disease burden .
Courtesy of the Author
Yet across the developing world , surgical care often does not reach those who need it . Surgical facilities are sometimes prohibitively far or expensive to reach , which can be fatal in emergency cases . “ It 's not obvious until you visit the hospital in person , ” said Kendra Bowman , a researcher and surgery resident at Brigham & Women 's Hospital . “ The Western province [ of Zambia ] is underwater for seven months of the year — there 's no running water , no electricity , no phones , they 're cut off from the world . There 's no way they 're going to go to [ capital city ] Lusaka to get a laparotomy . It 's a death sentence to refer those patients . ”
Unfortunately , smaller health facilities often have no choice but to refer patients to larger cities . Surgical equipment is sometimes nonexistent , especially in remote areas , and supplies are a challenge to maintain . More critical , though , is the human resource gap . Zambia has only 44 fully licensed surgeons to serve its population of 13 million , who are spread over an area slightly larger than Texas .
Bowman spent a year in Zambia , during which time they visited almost all of the country 's health care facilities and spoke to nearly 500 healthcare providers about gaps in surgical care . Despite the country 's many infrastructural shortcomings , 70 percent of respondents said that skills were the biggest challenge to performing quality surgery . “ [ Surgical skills were ] the hard stop , ” they said . “ The soft stops ” — meaning the more surmountable obstacles — “ were that they did n't have the right equipment or lighting , that they have to use a cellphone to light the surgical field . But they can improvise that . You ca n't improvise opening an abdomen . ”
Courtesy of the Author
Filling the “ hard stops ” with fully licensed surgeons is not easy . Not only is the absolute number of surgeons low , but the distribution is also very uneven . Only 6 of Zambia 's 44 surgeons live in rural areas , and all of them are expatriate missionaries . “ Most doctors that are trained in Zambia do n't want to work in the rural areas , though they 're needed there more than anywhere else , ” said Emmanuel Makasa , the deputy director of emergency health services at the Ministry of Health .
Fully licensed doctors are also in high demand in other lines of work . Some leave public sector clinical practice to pursue careers in administration , private clinical practice and international NGO work — all of which can be more lucrative . “ People will pay me more to speak about H.I.V . than to save dying surgical patients , ” said Nthele , the surgeon in Livingstone . Other doctors leave Zambia altogether for higher pay in more industrialized countries .
Many African countries , including Zambia , Tanzania , Malawi , Mozambique and Ethiopia , have recognized the need for a more creative solution . Instead of finding ways to lure surgeons to rural areas , these countries have started experimenting with “ task shifting ” — that is , training non-physicians to do the basic work of surgeons .
Task shifting is becoming an increasingly popular method to address the human resource gap in African health care . Three weeks ago , a Fixes co-author , Tina Rosenberg , discussed task shifting in mental health . Some countries have tried it with H.I.V . treatment and counseling . Task shifting in surgery is a little trickier . Considering the precision required in surgery and the immediately dire consequences of a surgery gone awry , programs have needed to be designed with an exceptional degree of care .
In Zambia , surgical task shifting began in 2002 with the medical licentiate program , which trains clinical officers in basic surgeries like hernia repairs , bowel obstruction surgery , hysterectomies and more . “ The real reason the program evolved was to take care of emergency surgical conditions , ” said James Munthali , head of surgery at University of Zambia 's School of Medicine . The Surgical Society of Zambia and the Ministry of Health jointly determined the procedures in which licentiates should be trained . For instance , the program emphasizes training in cesarean sections , which constitute 45 percent of major surgeries in the country .
Courtesy of the Author
The philosophy behind the program is that many surgical procedures can be broken down and taught to people with lower levels of medical education . “ To do most of the procedures , you do n't need to be a medical doctor , ” said Uwe Graf , an ob-gyn consultant who works with the licentiate training program at Chainama College in Lusaka . “ As long as you 're reasonably good with your hands , you can do it . ”
That may be a bit of a simplification . The three-year licentiate program is quite competitive — only 20 percent of this year 's applicants were accepted — and candidates must have five to six years of clinical training and experience before applying . The Ministry of Health then posts them to rural areas or small towns with high surgical need , where they earn good salaries and are required to remain for three years ( most stay much longer ) . Licentiates earn over twice as much as they did in their previous roles and , if posted to a rural area , are given a substantial hardship allowance .
To date , the program has produced 117 medical licentiates , 116 of whom are currently practicing in public-sector facilities throughout Zambia .
One of the biggest advantages of the program is the stability licentiates can bring to a rural health facility . “ At least for now , the medical licentiates do not run away for greener pastures , ” said Hinson Siabwanta , coordinator of the training program . Unlike young doctors , they do not enter rural areas hoping for a transfer to a larger town . They are also not likely to leave the country , as their training is not recognized elsewhere . Josphat Simutowe , a medical licentiate in Zambia 's Central Province , emphasized to me how happy they were with their salary , the respect they receive from nurses and clinical officers , and the amenities their location offers .
There are not yet any peer-reviewed articles on Zambia 's medical licentiate program , but medical professionals across the country seem to hold them in high regard . Makasa , an orthopedic surgeon , described how “ amazed ” they were the first time they witnessed a licentiate perform an operation . “ It was fascinating to see somebody who 's apparently less trained than I am handling C-sections , ” they said . “ And they do it very well. ” Bowman said that in most rural facilities , they are referred to as the “ most valuable players . ”
The feedback in Zambia fits with evidence on surgical task shifting from around the continent . Post-operative results of licentiates in Malawi are considered “ comparable ” to medical officers , as are operative mortality rates in Somalia .
As with any effort at task shifting , there are some important limitations to the licentiate program . For instance , there are some concerns that medical licentiates , both in Zambia and elsewhere in Africa , do not have defined career tracks or formal methods of continued education . The training program is also quite small , because of the limited number of teachers and mentors .
Some surgeons have ethical questions about the program . Medical licentiates are not trained in specialized procedures , including surgical oncology and thoracic surgery . This means that patients technically still have to be referred to fully trained surgeons for those cases . However , what if there is an emergency and no surgeon to whom to refer the case ? “ People are given skills and sent out to places where there is no alternative , ” said Adam Kushner , a surgeon who has worked or taught surgery in 16 African countries . “ If they go beyond their means , are they doing more harm than good ? ”
Related More From Fixes Read previous contributions to this series .
To date , however , there is little evidence suggesting that the program has caused patients significant harm . “ From 2002 , we have n't had any clinical audits that have indicated that the safety of patients has been compromised because of medical licentiates , ” said Siabwanta , the coordinator of the licentiate training program . They also stressed that licentiates are strictly taught their limits as technicians and the steps to take in case of an emergency .
The presence of medical licentiates does not , needless to say , obviate the need for fully licensed surgeons . There will always be surgical cases that licentiates are not equipped to handle . To that end , some Zambian surgeons are experimenting with ways to make surgeons more mobile . Munthali , who teaches surgery to medical students , is a member of the donor-funded FlySpec ( Flying Specialist ) program , which charters planes to conduct orthopedic surgeries in remote parts of the country . They operate on up to 16 people a day on their visits . Nthele , the surgeon in Livingstone , is creating a mobile surgery program in the Southern province .
For researchers like Bowman , the licentiate program and FlySpec are part of a larger push to make surgery more prominent on the global health map . They believe that the international community has largely ignored surgery because there is no global advocate for the cause , because data have not existed and , perhaps most important , because many perceive surgery to be expensive .
“ What people do n't understand about surgical care , ” Bowman said , “ is that it might cost 200 dollars to fix a ruptured appendix , but it 's a one-time intervention . You save them for the rest of their life. ” Research by the Disease Control Priorities Project has found surgery to be a cost-effective way to avert disability and death , especially if delivered locally and with low-cost technologies .
“ I see the state of global surgery today similar to the state of H.I.V . 30 years ago , ” said Bowman . “ Today , surgery needs to be recognized as a fundamental component of global health . It should be right there with infectious disease . ”
David Bornstein is off this week .
Join Fixes on Facebook and follow updates on twitter.com/nytimesfixes .
Sarika Bansal is a journalist who writes about social innovation and global health . They are working with David Bornstein and Tina Rosenberg to develop the Solutions Journalism Network . Follow them on Twitter at @ sarika008 .
5 years ago
( CNN ) - Former President Bill Clinton weighed in Monday on the legislative impasse at the heart of the government shutdown , admonishing the “ constant conflict ” that has come to define American politics .
Speaking at a convention of the National Community Pharmacists Association in Orlando , Clinton said they liked the crowd because of the practicality of their profession .
“ I worry that our politics has gotten impractical . That 's about the nicest word I can think of , ” Clinton said .
Convictions are a good thing , Clinton said , as are political beliefs and support of one policy over the other .
The comments are some of the first Clinton has made on the spat over government funding , debt and Obamacare since before the partial shutdown took effect October 1 .
In an interview with ABC at the end of September , Clinton took a hardline approach to the looming shutdown , calling on President Barack Obama to call a congressional Republican “ bluff ” on defunding the Affordable Care Act .
Obama could have stopped the shutdown , Clinton said at the time .
“ But the price of – the current price of stopping it is higher than the price of letting the Republicans do it and taking their medicine , ” they said .
Clinton on Monday was far less confrontational and far more the elder statesmen who have seen and done it before , having been President during the last federal government shut downs in 1995 and 1996 .
Instead of conflict , Clinton urged cooperation .
“ Nobody 's right all the time . And the more complex problems are the more you need people to work together , ” they said .
But politics is often a zero-sum game where there are winners and losers and especially in Washington , working together is often far less attractive than some notion of winning .
“ Constant conflict is actually often good politics . Because the more you can inflame your supporters the more likely they are to show up at election day , ” Clinton said .
“ And if they 're more inflamed than the other side , even if the other side has more people agreeing with it , you 'll win because your crowd will show up . ”
Rush Limbaugh on Tuesday lambasted the “ drive-by media ” for covering Hurricane Irma 's potential devastation as a means to further its climate-change “ panic . ”
Their theory , which they shared at length this afternoon on The Rush Limbaugh Show , is that media and retailers are in cahoots to increase viewership and profits . And to hammer home to people that climate change exists .
“ There is a desire to advance this climate-change agenda , ” Limbaugh said , “ and hurricanes are one of the fastest [ ways ] to do it . ”
They claimed that “ you have people in all of these government areas who believe man is causing climate change , and they 're hell-bent on proving it , they 're hell-bent on demonstrating it , they 're hell-bent on persuading people of it . ”
Limbaugh continued : “ Unlike UFOs , which only land in trailer parks , hurricanes are always forecast to hit major population centers . Because , after all , major population centers [ are ] where the major damage will take place and where we can demonstrate that these things are getting bigger and they 're getting more frequent and they 're getting worse . All because of climate change . ''
Hurricane Irma is , by all meteorological reports , shaping up to be bad news . This “ dangerous major hurricane ” ramped up to Category-5 strength Tuesday and is on a direct path for South Florida . Weather crews have detected winds up to 175 miles per hour , and Irma is the strongest storm in the Atlantic since 2007 .
Limbaugh repeatedly clarified that they are not an actual meteorologist , but they do have their own system of analysis . They have been “ exactly right since last Friday ” in their predictions , they claimed .
Recently I 've released a Ruby Apache Kafka microframework , however I do n't expect anyone to use it without at least a bit of information on what it can do . Here are some measurements that I took .
How Karafka handles multiple TCP connections
Since listening to multiple topics require multiple TCP connections it is pretty obvious that in order to obtain a decent performance , we are using threads ( process clustering feature is in progress ) . Each controller that you create theoretically could have a single thread and could listen all the time . However with a bigger application , it could slow down the application . That 's why we introduced topics clusterization . When you config your Karafka application , you should specify the concurrency parameter :
class App < Karafka : :App setup do |config| # Other config options config.max_concurrency = 10 # 10 threads max end end
This is a maximum number of threads that will be used to listen for incoming messages . It is pretty simple when you have fewer controllers ( topics ) than threads – it will just use a single thread per topic . However if you have more controllers then threads – few connections will be packed in a single thread ( wrapped with Karafka : :Connection : :ThreadCluster ) . And this is how it works when you have 2 threads and 4 controllers :
In general , it will distribute TCP connections across threads evenly . So , if you have 20 controllers and 5 threads , each thread will be responsible for checking 4 sockets , one after another . Since it wo n't do this simultaneously , Karafka will slow down . How much ? It depends – if there 's something on each of the topics – you will get around 24 % ( per controller ) of the base performance out of each connection .
Other things that have impact on the performance
When considering this framework 's performance , you need to keep in mind that :
It is strongly dependent on what you do in your code
It depends also on Apache Kafka performance
Connection between Karafka and Redis ( for Sidekiq ) is a factor as well
All the benchmarks show the performance without any business logic
All the benchmarks show the performance without enqueuing to Sidekiq
It also depends on what type of infrastructure you benchmark everything
Message size is a factor as well ( since it get deserialized to JSON by default )
Ruby version – I 've been testing in on MRI ( CRuby ) 2.2.3 – Karafka is not yet working with other Ruby distributions ( JRuby or Rubinius ) but it should change when some of the dependencies stop using refinements
Benchmarking
Methodology
For each of the benchmarks I was measuring time taken to consume all messages that were stored in Kafka . There were no business logic involved ( just messages processing by the framework ) . My local Kafka setup was a default setup ( no settings were changed ) introduced with this Docker containers .
I 've tested up to 5 topics – each with 1 000 000 messages loaded . Since Karafka has lazy loading for params – benchmark does not include time that is needed to unparse the messages . Unparsing performance strongly depends on a parser you pick ( defaults to JSON ) and messages size . Those benchmarks measure maximum throughput that we can get during messaging receiving .
Note : all the benchmarking was performed on my 16GB , 4 core i7 processor , Linux laptop . During the benchmarking I 've been performing other tasks that might have small impact on overall results ( although no heavy stuff ) .
1 thread
With a single thread it is pretty straightforward – the more controllers we have , the less we can process per controller . There 's also controllers context switching overhead that consumes some of the power , allowing us to consume less and less . Switching between controllers seems to consume around 11 % of a single controller performance when we tend to use more than 1 controller in a single threaded application .
Context switching between controllers in a single thread will cost us around 1 % of a general performance per one additional controller ( if you 're eager to know what we 're planning to do with it scroll down to the summary ) . On one side it is a lot , on the other , with a bigger application you should probably run Karafka in multithreaded mode .. That way context switching wo n't be as painful .
2 threads
General performance with 2 threads and 2 controllers proves that we 're able to lower switching impact on a overall performance , gaining around 1.5-2k requests per second ( overall ) .
3 threads
5 controllers with 3 threads vs 5 controllers with 1 thread : 7 % better performance .
4 threads
5 threads
Benchmark results
Summary
The overall performance of a single Karafka framework process is highly dependent on the way it is being used . Because of GIL , when we receive data from sockets , we can only process incoming messages from a single socket at a time . So in general we 're limited to around 30-33k requests per second per process . It means that the bigger the application gets , the slower it works ( when we consider total performance per single controller ) . However this is only valid when we assume that all the topics are always full of messages . Otherwise we do n't process , we wait on the IO and Ruby can process incoming messages from multiple threads . That 's why it is worth starting Karafka with a decent concurrency level .
How can we increase throughput for Karafka applications ? Well for now , we can create multiple partitions for a single topic and spin up multiple Karafka processes . Then they will load balance between partitions automatically . This solution has one downside : if we have only few topics with multiple partitions and rest with a single one , then some of the threads in Karafka wo n't perform any work . This will be fixed soon ( we 're already working on it ) , when we will introduce a Karafka processes clustering . It will allow spinning up multiple Karafka processes ( in a single cluster ) that will listen only for a given part of controllers . That way the overall performance will increase significantly . But still being able to perform 30k rq/s is not that bad , right ? ; )
Also published on Medium .
Well before the Paycheck Fairness Act died in the Senate without a single Republican vote this morning , commentators were already counting the political chips . And because there had been so much chatter over whether the wage gap is real or how much women at the White House are paid , some were already calling it a win for the GOP . That may be true if you measure it in terms of “ low-stakes cocktail party argument ” ( to borrow a relevant phrase from another context ) . But that 's not all that 's at stake , given that we 're talking about actual people 's lives .
There are two preferred Republican comebacks to the Democrats ' bludgeoning them with accusations of a “ war on women. ” The first is to claim that women are n't actually all that worried about attacks on access to contraception or abortion rights – or as Mike Huckabee put it , that Democrats “ insult the women of America by making them believe that they are helpless without Uncle Sugar ” – they 're worried about their jobs and paychecks . ( Leave aside for a minute that controlling your fertility is a baseline economic issue . ) That attack was unavailable on a week Democrats made all about women 's jobs and paychecks .
A second favored rebuttal is to point to individual Democratic politicians ' sexual misconduct – Anthony Weiner , Bob Filner – and to take the conversation as far away from policy as possible . That was also tough to bring up on a day where equal pay debates were crowded out by footage of a Republican member of congress kissing a subordinate . That woman no longer has a job , while the Congressman still has his . That 's one solution to the gender wage gap .
But the “ gotcha ” Republicans did find , the one reporter eagerly ran with – that the wage gap among White House employees is 88 cents – is just another way to change the subject to individual behavior . For one thing , the White House already has the transparency that 's the goal of the two executive orders signed by the president , which is how they can be publicly shamed , and also likely part of the reason their gap is narrower than the national average . ( Another reason is that the range is generally narrowed in government jobs , because the top salaries are dwarfed compared to parts of the private sector . ) More broadly , the White House should n't be above reproach , and it could surely do better in promoting women to senior positions – practically everyone could – but it does n't have to be perfect to advocate policies that could improve the lot of millions of women outside of its employ . After all , the wage gap persists even when a woman is the boss . A single exemplary employer is n't a long-term or national solution .
The limit of such nitpicking jibes , too , with the other gotcha of Equal Pay Day – that the White House was using a “ fake ” statistic when President Barack Obama refers to the fact that the “ average full-time working woman earns just 77 cents for every dollar a man earns. ” No , that number does n't necessarily represent millions of women toiling away at exactly the same position as a man for three-quarters as much . Yes , that number reflects women 's average economic power in this country , just as the even grimmer figures for women of color reflect the overlapping disadvantages of race and gender . Economists argue just how much of that figure can be chalked up to outright , women-are-valued-less discrimination , but no credible economist denies that that straightforward discrimination exists to account for some of it . So here 's a question for all the naysayers : What 's the precise amount of discrimination you 're okay with ? And what are you doing about it ?
As for the rest of the gap , people who watch these things carefully , including White House economic adviser Betsey Stevenson , point out that many of the so-called “ choices ” that also contribute to the gap are severely constrained by subtler forms of sex discrimination and stereotyping , or that the “ choices ” are severely constrained . The rest of the White House 's economic agenda for women includes other ways to get at the gap – raising the minimum wage , supporting local family leave proposals , encouraging women to join higher-paying STEM fields . They are likely to get very few of these these passed under their current powers and the composition of Congress . But at least they 're trying . After all , Democrats tried to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act three times , including when it had a majority in both chambers , and were blocked wholly by Republicans .
The GOP 's proposed alternative was a bill that would allow wageworkers to get paid in time off instead of overtime – in other words , a pay cut , or an interest-free loan to the employer , on the terms of the employer . Republican Senators ' real reason for voting against the Paycheck Fairness Act was that it was opposed by the Chamber of Commerce and it would strengthen enforcement of the existing pay equity laws they insist are already working so well . ( Not according to the numbers ) . Democrats were just , in the words of Senator Mitch McConnell , trying to “ blow a few kisses to their powerful pals on the left. ” Those powerful pals apparently include low-wage workers and women underrepresented in the ranks of leadership .
Of course , the week 's proceedings were mostly political . That does n't mean they did n't represent actual problems in the world , or a real divide – between policy solutions on one side , and abject denial on the other .
By Matt Becker
Pin Email 118 Shares
There 's a lot of advice out there when it comes to investing for long-term goals like retirement . There are also a lot of tools and resources to help you find the best savings accounts for short-term goals like next year 's vacation .
But what about your goals that fall somewhere in between ? What if you want to buy a house in 5 years , or your child is starting college in 8 years ? How should you invest your money then ?
And for that matter , what even counts as a short , medium , or long-term goal ? What 's the cut-off and how do you know when to change your strategy ?
This is a question I 've been getting a lot recently , from readers , clients , and even my brother ! So today I 'll lay it out for you .
Here 's what you 'll learn :
How to decide whether something is a short , medium , or long-term goal .
How to invest for long-term goals .
How to save for short-term goals .
How to decide what to do and what investments to use for all the goals that fall in between .
How to invest for long-term goals ( 10+ years )
Goals that are 10 or more years away give you the freedom to invest in the stock market and take on some risk in order to reach for the higher potential returns the stock market offers .
One reason is simply that with longer term goals you 'll have more time to make adjustments if things do n't go as well as planned , either by saving more or by changing your goal to make it more achievable .
The other reason is that over long time periods the stock market has always gone up .
Now , that does n't mean that it will automatically continue to do so , or that you are guaranteed to get the same returns we 've seen in the past . But it does mean that you are much more likely to get at least some kind of positive return from the stock market over long time periods than you are over short ones .
So does that mean that you should put all of your long-term money into stock market ? Some people do , but I generally would n't recommend it .
Instead , I would encourage you to choose a mix of investments that gives you the upside of the stock market while also providing some protection during periods where the stock market falls . Here 's an article that explains how to find that balance .
For more on how to create a solid long-term investment strategy , these two articles go into a lot of depth :
INVESTING MADE SIMPLE
Learn how to create and implement an investment plan that helps you reach your goals , no matter where you 're starting from .
How to invest for short-term goals ( 0-3 years )
If your goal is 3 years away or less , just put your money into a savings account .
Seriously , do n't make it any more complicated than that .
Over such a short time period the amount you save is so much more important than the interest rate you earn , that even if you DID put your money into the stock market and DID get a nice return , the difference between that and what you would get from a savings account would be small .
And the trade-off is that while a savings account guarantees that your money will be there when you need it , even conservative investments might lose you money at the wrong time .
So find a good savings account that pays a competitive interest rate , or possibly a CD that matches your time horizon , and focus on saving enough money to reach your goal .
How to invest for medium-term goals ( 3-10 years )
Now THIS is where it gets interesting .
When it comes to goals that are 3-10 years out , you have a number of options .
You could invest at least some of the money you 're saving for these goals , with the hope that a better return will make them easier to achieve .
Of course , the flip side is that investing the money may actually make the goal HARDER to achieve if the stock market happens to go through a rough patch . After all , with a shorter time frame you have less time to make adjustments if you do n't get the return you expected .
The truth is that there is no definitive answer when it comes to investing for medium-term goals . It really depends on the specifics of each situation , and even then your personality as an investor matters too .
So instead of telling you what to do , here are some factors you should consider as you make your decision .
How certain is your deadline ?
If you have a strict deadline for when you 'll need the money , like if your child is starting college in 6 years , you should probably stick to a more conservative savings strategy . The last thing you want to deal with is a stock market drop at the wrong time , leaving you with a significant hole in your savings right when you need the money .
If your goal does n't have a set deadline , you 'll want to ask yourself another question…
What type of uncertainty are you dealing with ?
In researching this topic I came across a great discussion in an online forum where one person talked about two different types of uncertainty you might have with these medium-term goals :
Type 1 – You 're uncertain about the exact date on which you will NEED the money . One good example of this is an emergency fund . You do n't know exactly when that need will arise , but when it do you 'll need the money immediately .
– You 're uncertain about the exact date on which you will NEED the money . One good example of this is an emergency fund . You do n't know exactly when that need will arise , but when it do you 'll need the money immediately . Type 2 – You would like to achieve the goal within some general time frame , but it could be pushed off if needed . A good example might be buying a house . Maybe it 's something you 'd like to do within the next few years , but you could always continue renting if needed without any real negative impact on your life .
For Type 1 goals where you know that you will need the money at some specific point in time , even if you do n't quite know when that will be yet , it makes sense to be more conservative . Better to know your money will be there when you need it than to reach for a slightly higher return .
Type 2 goals give you more freedom to take on a little more risk . Given that you wo n't NEED that money at any specific point in time , you can reach for better returns without being overly worried that it might come back to bite you .
Of course , just because you CAN take the risk does n't mean that you should . Which brings us to…
Do you need better returns ?
Based on the amount of time between now and when you want to reach your goal , the amount of money you 've already saved , and the amount you 're regularly adding to that savings , what kind of return do you actually need in order to reach your goal ?
It may be that you do n't need anything better than what you can get from an online savings account or CD . And if that 's the case , is it worth reaching for something better at the risk of not actually hitting your savings target ?
To help you figure out what return you need to shoot for , I created a simple spreadsheet that will run the numbers for you . Click here to download it .
NOTE : When using that calculator , note that small adjustments to your Monthly Savings Contribution can make a big difference in your Required Return . This is because over short time periods your savings rate is actually much more important than your rate of return , and it means that even a small increase in your monthly savings can make it MUCH easier to reach your goal . Test it out yourself by increasing your monthly savings and watching how it affects your required return .
Are you willing to watch your account value drop ?
No matter how much risk you 're technically CAPABLE of taking , you may not actually be WILLING to take much at all .
Putting money into the stock market , even just a little bit of money , means subjecting yourself to the ups and downs that go with it . Everyone likes the ups , but no one likes the downs . And sometimes those downs can be pretty big .
A good rule of thumb is to expect that in any given year you could lose half of whatever money you have in the stock market . Of course you would also expect to recover that over time , but over shorter time periods that may be harder to do .
So even if you can technically afford to take on some risk , you should consider whether you want to deal with the ups and downs that come with investing and the stress that can add to your life .
What are your medium-term investment options ?
Assuming you DO want to invest at least some of your money , how should you do it ?
Well , first recognize that you do n't have to invest all of your money . You could very easily invest some and keep the rest in a savings account . That would give you some upside potential while also leaving you with some money fully guaranteed .
But when it comes to choosing your specific investments , here are some of the major options :
Savings accounts – Again , savings accounts ARE N'T bad . You can find a good online savings account that pays around 1 % in interest pretty easily , and with it you get convenience and the guarantee that your money will be there when you need it .
CDs – CDs require you to keep your money invested for a specific time period , generally anywhere from 6 months to several years . In return you can get a better interest rate than a savings account , though there are penalties if withdraw your money early . Here 's a good tool for finding the best current CD rates .
Bond index funds – Bonds are one way to dip your toes into investing without diving into the stock market . There 's still a risk of loss , but it 's not as big . And by using an index fund you can spread your money across the entire bond market , which reduces your risk a little more .
Stock index funds – The stock market offers the highest potential return of all your investment options , but also the biggest potential loss . But again , by using index funds you can at least spread your risk out over the entire market instead of pinning all your hopes on a single company .
Balanced mutual funds – Balanced mutual funds invest in a mix of stocks and bonds , which allows you to spread your money across both types of investments with just a single fund . A good example of this is Vanguard 's lineup of LifeStrategy Funds .
Remember again that it does n't have to be all or nothing . Finding the right mix of investments is a good way to give yourself some upside potential while limiting your downside risk .
For example , let 's say you have a goal of buying a house in 5 years . You know you 'll need about $ 60,000 for a down payment , but you also know that you can afford to wait longer than 5 years if necessary .
The first step is to figure out how much you should be saving . Again , this calculator will help you figure that out .
Then you can determine how you want to invest . If you 're willing to be flexible with when you buy the house , and if you 're okay with watching your account balance move up and down in the meantime , maybe you do something like the following :
Half of your savings goes into an online savings account or CD .
Half of your savings goes into an taxable investment account and is invested in Vanguard 's LifeStrategy Moderate Growth Fund , which is 60 % stocks and 40 % bonds .
That would mean that overall , 30 % of your money is in the stock market , giving you some upside potential while also exposing you to some risk of losing money . But it would also mean that half of your money is protected from any kind of drop in value . So you would get some of the benefits of each approach .
Just to be clear , that is n't meant to be a recommendation and it may not be right for your specific situation . It 's just an example of how you could strike a balance between multiple approaches .
Quick note : Do you want real answers to your personal questions about investing and other financial issues ? Click here to learn how to get them .
Regularly re-evaluate
Whatever you decide to do initially , there are two good reasons to regularly re-evaluate your savings goals with all the criteria above in mind .
First , your long-term goals will eventually become medium-term goals and your medium-term goals will eventually become short-term goals . As that happens you 'll want to adjust your strategy so that it always fits your current reality .
Second , your progress towards a goal , or lack thereof , may necessitate a change in strategy :
A big market upswing or other big influx of cash may put you ahead of schedule . That would give you the option of taking a more conservative approach so that you could be more certain of reaching your goal on schedule .
A big market downswing may put you behind schedule , in which case you may need to either increase your savings rate or delay your goal .
In other words , your circumstances are going to change and your investment strategy should change along with them .
Remember what really matters
Most of the time when I get the question about how to invest for short and medium-term goals , part of it is a reluctance to just put the money in a savings account .
Savings accounts feel boring . And with their relatively low interest rates it can feel like they 're not doing anything for you .
But that over shorter time periods , even periods as long as a decade , your savings rate has a MUCH bigger impact on whether you reach your goal than your return does .
Which simply means that while investing your money instead of using a savings account can help , it likely wo n't be the deciding factor .
If you 're saving enough you 'll get there either way .
'Get out of these embassies , ' Libertarian presidential candidate says
Campaigning at West Chester University on Monday , Gary Johnson says U.S. presence in the Mideast is making things worse .
Johnson , a Libertarian appearing on 47 state ballots and fighting petition challenges in the other three , including Pennsylvania , suggested it 's the U.S. presence in the Middle East that is abetting the current unrest in the region .
`` Get out of these embassies , just plain get out , '' Johnson said during an interview Monday with The Morning Call . `` Right now they seem to be the focal point for being able to express that dissension .
`` What are U.S. interests when it comes to the Middle East ? If it 's keeping us safe , I would argue that our military interventions are what are keeping us unsafe . We 're over there and innocent people are dying . When we wag our tail , there 's a consequence of that tail wag . ''
Johnson , 59 , had taken off their blazer and sat on a shaded bench in blue jeans and a grayish T-shirt with a peace sign logo . He 'd arrived on West Chester University 's campus in a flashy white minivan with their face , name and `` Live Free '' logo splashed across both sides . Inside the van , suitcases and backpacks were strewn on the floor , bananas rested on top of a box and a citrus air freshener tilted against a back window .
Absent their gray hair , they could easily pass for another college student chilling on campus before a road trip with their buddies . It 's exactly the vibe Johnson seems to be going for : relaxed and untethered .
It 's no coincidence their big campaign kickoff is a tour of 20 college campuses . There was a groundswell of support for Libertarian Party ideas — limited government both fiscally and socially — among 20-somethings inspired by Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul , and Johnson is hoping to capture it .
Like Paul , Johnson had originally been part of the crowded mix in the Republican primary . But the former two-term New Mexico governor gained little traction and pulled out in late December to run in the general election as the Libertarian candidate .
`` I made a prediction that Ron Paul was not going to be the nominee and this is just too important a message to just drop it , '' they said . `` In my opinion the Libertarian candidate for president could be that spokesperson , and I saw the opportunity to be that nominee . ''
Of the approximately 80 people who came to see Johnson on Monday morning in the student union , many expressed their support for them simply because they are the candidate carrying on Paul 's messages . Some in the audience were even wearing Ron Paul T-shirts .
Billy Reichle,18 , a first-year student at the University of Oregon but home in West Chester until fall semester starts next week , said he 's a `` big Ron Paul guy . '' For their first time ever voting this year , they said he 'll be supporting Johnson .
`` He 's the only one who said they would carry on the Ron Paul legacy , '' Reichle said . `` He would end the [ Federal Reserve ] , he 's not into war…he will actually carry on this message . ''
Who 's Your Daddy ( that 's easy , I am ) Real Bacon Homemade Potato Chips ( $ 5 ) are exactly what they sound like : deliciousness incarnate . Bet you ca n't eat just one ( bag ) you glutton you .
We start with the best quality potatoes and add a proprietary blend of some extra-bacony goodness . They will put a grin on your face and promise to test your limits of self-control .
It is our stated mission that you have a heightened sense of expectation before opening a bag of our Real Bacon Handmade Potato Chips that is exceeded every single time that bag is opened . Enjoy !
Oh I 'm going to enjoy all right , ENJOY SUING YOUR PANTS OFF FOR KILLING ME ! You think ghosts ca n't sue ? Ghosts can sue . Just ask Casper . He 's been after that free candy van guy for years for passing out laced candy . Ha , good luck with that , Casper . Say mister , have any Jujyfruits ?
Product Site
via
Bacon Potato Chips [ uncrate ]
Thanks to Chuey the midget , who , despite their small size , can still win competitive eating contests .
Congress , for all its failings , recently defied the President 's wishes to cut federal science funding – in fact , for almost all departments and agencies , they gave it a boost . But Trump 's 2018 budget is still waiting in the wings , and it appears that he 's doubling-down on their anti-science crusade .
As reported by Axios , Trump plans to cut the funding to the Department of Energy 's ( DoE ) renewable energy office by 70 percent . This means instead of the $ 762 million it got in the recent 2017 budget , it 'll get a measly $ 160 million . So far , so Trump – but there 's more .
There 's also to be a 31 percent cut to the DoE 's nuclear energy office , and a 54 percent cut to its fossil fuel office . Wait , what ?
What 's they trying to achieve here – an energy-less America ? Are we going back to the good old days of igniting whale blubber , or throwing logs on a fire ? Are they going to get a trillion hamsters running on a trillion treadmills ? What in the fresh hell is going on ?
It 's demonstrably clear that Trump is no more scientifically literate than a cauliflower , and they will likely never understand that investing in renewable energy is one of the best ways to prevent a future filled with climate change nightmares . The last time we checked , they thought wind was “ very deceitful . ”
Still , the cuts to the fossil fuel research department here are particularly baffling . What happened to wanting to revive the ( flagging and doomed ) coal industry ? What happened to restarting oil drilling in the Arctic and Atlantic ?
The DoE 's primary job is to maintain the safety of America 's nuclear stockpile , but it does have departments that look into advanced research for energy production . If these departments were defunded , it would slow America 's progress on cutting its carbon footprint , and it would hamper the country 's ability to update its electrical grid and ultimately become “ energy independent . ”
Congress showed surprising defiance this year when it came to cutting the sciences , so it 's very unlikely that these cuts wo n't get enough support to make it into the 2018 budget either .
-
In any case , there is literally no need to make any of these cuts . The 2017 renewable energy research fund , by the way , is a tenth of 1 percent of the 2017 defense budget . It 's a tiny drop in the ocean , and if anything , its funding should be dramatically increased .
But no . Trump does n't need energy research . What 's next – is they going to cut funding into health research because they themselves apparently does n't need to exercise ?
Oh wait , they do want to cut the budget to the National Institutes of Health – by 24 percent . And that would eliminate 90,000 medical jobs too ?
Well , good luck with that one , America .
USS Ronald Reagan and ships of Carrier Strike Group 5 transit the Pacific Ocean in June 2017 . ( Photo : US Navy )
A Chinese diplomat 's insulting words invite a vigorous response from the U.S .
The United States Navy will be making a port call in Taiwan in the near future . The only questions that remain are where , when , and how many ships of what type will drop anchor or tie up at Taiwanese piers . Of course , this may cause a war to break out in Asia , but it wo n't be one of the United States ' making .
Advertisement
We owe this troubling possibility to a China whose rising sense of anticipatory greatness is at odds with its capacity to execute a successful war . Hubris stimulated a Chinese official , Li Kexin , who is attached to its embassy in Washington , D.C. , to threaten war against the United States . Li was responding to fairly normal language within the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act that allowed for mutual port visits between American and Taiwan naval vessels . In response , Li stated : “ The day that a U.S. Navy vessel arrives in Kaohsiung [ Taiwan 's main deep-water port ] is the day that our People 's Liberation Army unifies Taiwan with military force. ” This non-diplomatic démarche represents a break in precedent , as the United States Navy has made port calls in Taiwan , and it also directly challenges U.S. law in the form of the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 , which unequivocally states that the United States will “ consider any effort to determine the future of Taiwan by other than peaceful means , including by boycotts or embargoes , a threat to the peace and security of the Western Pacific area and of grave concern to the United States . ”
Under these conditions , the United States has no choice but to send the United States Navy to Taiwan for a port visit , and to do so in a big way . The USS Ronald Reagan , a Nimitz-class super carrier based in Japan , with its entire embarked air wing of 65 strike fighters and reconnaissance aircraft and its accompanying escort strike group of Ticonderoga-class Aegis cruisers and Arleigh Burke-class ballistic-missile-defense destroyers , should quickly sortie to Taiwan . They should divide up , with one portion of the strike group transiting down the strait that separates the island from China and the other coming down the eastern coast , meeting up at the southern tip to escort the Reagan into port at Kaohsiung .
Advertisement
At that point , the other strike-group ships should either take up station north and south of Taiwan , with their Aegis radars at full alert given the nature of Mr. Li 's threat , or rotationally enter other ports in Taiwan for friendly port visits . The Ohio-class guided-missile submarine Michigan , carrying 154 Tomahawk missiles , should also make an appearance , before quietly disappearing into the depths to continue its lonely patrols . Such a move would be an effective demonstration of American naval coercive diplomacy worthy of Theodore Roosevelt .
Additionally , the United States should consider a robust , healthy defensive-arms sale package for Taiwan in the coming year . Surface ships and fighter aircraft , top-of-the-line fifth-generation stealth fighters , should be part of the package , but over the last year the United States has quietly been encouraging Taiwan to invest in small diesel-electric submarines that would allow the island nation to better protect its maritime territorial waters . Recently parties from within the U.S. defense industry have apparently partnered with the Swedish shipbuilder SAAB to integrate missile-payload modules into SAAB 's submarine designs . The U.S. should make a similar offer of this technology to Taiwan so it can have a conventional second-strike capability from beneath the seas , and China should be informed , despite all its protesting , that it asked for this .
Advertisement
All of this will be viewed by China as escalatory , and it should be , but the Chinese must be reminded that it was their intemperate language that started the upwards climb . China often warns other nations , when discussing their escalatory moves , that they have domestic nationalist movements that they have to struggle to contain . They should be reminded that the United States has certain nationalist tendencies as well , and insulting challenges on American soil , such as the one offered by Li Kexin , are not helpful to the maintenance of relations between the United States and Communist China .
All of this will be viewed by China as escalatory , and it should be , but the Chinese must be reminded that it was their intemperate language that started the upwards climb .
Advertisement
Some years ago the noted geo-strategist Walter Russell Mead identified four schools of U.S. foreign policy ; the pro-business Hamiltonians , the liberal-order Wilsonians , the realist Jeffersonians , and the mercurial , exceptionalist Jacksonians . The election of President Donald Trump signaled the return of the Jacksonian impulse for the first time in a generation , and China should take heed . With regard to Donald Trump 's election , Mead said , “ Jacksonian America felt itself to be under siege , with its values under attack and its future under threat . Trump — flawed as many Jacksonians themselves believed them to be — seemed the only candidate willing to help fight for its survival. ” By and large , Jacksonians are not interested in externalities . They are not much interested in government , for that matter , largely preferring to be left alone , but when threatened , they react with hair-trigger responses .
Advertisement
Advertisement
And when it comes to war ? Mead states that “ when an enemy attacks , Jacksonians spring to the country 's defense ” viscerally , and Jacksonians , like their namesake Andrew Jackson , will not stop until honor is satisfied . It is a dangerous impulse to stimulate , as China 's Li Kexin has done . China owes the United States a public apology . It now needs to accept a U.S. Navy port visit to Taiwan with a minimum of protests , and it needs to understand that it faces someone who is willing to climb the ladder of escalation in the person of President Donald Trump and their policy of strategic ambiguity . Lastly , China needs to call its diplomat home or face the humiliation of theirs being declared persona non grata .
READ MORE :
Advertisement
How to Stop China in the South China Sea
Why President Trump Should Break the ‘ One China ' Spell
China 's New Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere
— Jerry Hendrix is a retired U.S. Navy captain , an award-winning naval historian , and a senior fellow and director of the Defense Strategies and Assessments Program at the Center for a New American Security .
LOL INTERNET–A new craze is sweeping the house pet social media site Critter , in which the pets justify ridiculous behavior with the acronym “ YOL9 , ” short for “ you only live nine lives . ”
Critter , launched in 2006 as a service for house pets to update each other on every forgettable detail of their everyday lives , has become the eighth most influential entertainment outlet among all pets . It is number three among cats alone , behind “ being petted , ” and “ chasing a laser pointer . ”
Reporters spoke with Flufficus J. Whiskerface , or “ Fluffy ” for short , housecat at 1215 Virginia Ave , this morning as they lounged in a patch of sunlight inside a million-dollar home .
“ We only go around nine times in this crazy world , meow ” said Fluffy , “ You got ta let people know you 're livin ' on the edge . The future is meowed , and shit , you know ? ”
Examples of Fluffy 's latest updates include :
DaFluffKat : Yowling behind the neighbor 's house at 3am . Not having sex , just being a dick . # YOL9
Fluffy further indicated disdain for dog status updates , saying they never use the YOL9 tag correctly .
“ Man Critter is so played out meow , ” they said . “ I liked it when , like , no one knew about it . Meow dumbass dogs are posting tired shit every day , it 's pretty much over . ”
But Sport , Labrador retriever who lives three houses down from Fluffy , does n't agree .
“ Freinds ? Are we friends ? You smell okay . We 're friends ! ” they said . “ Haha ! Hey… hey , yeah ! Shit , man . All right ! Hey , throw something for me to go get , will ya ? ”
Sport 's latest updates include this one , posted two days ago :
SPORTLAB2002 : JUST CHEWED SAME SHOE I PISSED ON LAST WEEK # YOL9
“ That 's exactly what I 'm talking about right meow , ” said Fluffy . “ So mainstream and so boring . ”
Higher petrol prices have contributed to the rise in inflation The UK inflation rate rose sharply to 3.4 % in March from 3 % the month before , official figures have shown . The rise in the Consumer Prices Index ( CPI ) inflation rate was greater than analysts had expected . Retail Prices Index ( RPI ) inflation , which includes housing costs , also rose sharply to 4.4 % in March from 3.7 % . The CPI inflation rate is the measure targeted by Bank of England interest-rate setters , while RPI is often used as a benchmark in wage negotiations . Higher air fares Higher petrol prices were an important factor in rising consumer prices , the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) said . I do know that the MPC is keeping a very close eye on inflation expectations - and pay settlements - to see whether the higher headline rates of inflation in the past few months are becoming self-perpetuating
Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor
Read Stephanie 's blog in full Petrol prices have been rising because of the relative strength of the dollar and higher refining costs , as well as the increasing price of oil . The price of oil hit 18-month highs at the start of April . The continuing impact of the rise in VAT , which went back up to 17.5 % in January , and the effect of flat gas bills relative to this time last year , when they fell sharply , also contributed to the spike in inflation . The ONS said increasing air fares , especially on European flights , rising food and non-alcoholic drinks prices , and higher clothing and footwear costs also played a part . Offsetting these were falls in the prices of second-hand cars , furniture and household equipment . Low rates Despite the sharp rise in prices , analysts expect the rate of inflation to fall again in the coming months , as weak economic growth and high unemployment dampen price rises . The governor of the Bank of England , Mervyn King , has said that they expect inflation to fall back towards the target rate of 2 % in the coming months . Analysts therefore expect the Bank to keep interest rates low to stimulate growth . `` We would not expect the Bank of England to be swayed by short-term movements in commodity prices , so today 's figures should not have much bearing on interest rates . We still expect rates to remain on hold for the remainder of this year , '' said Hetal Mehta , senior economic adviser to the Ernst & Young ITEM Club . UK interest rates have been at the record low of 0.5 % for 13 consecutive months . The policy helped to bring the UK economy out of recession in the last quarter of 2009 , when it grew by 0.4 % . However , if prices continue to rise sharply , the Bank 's Monetary Policy Committee ( MPC ) may have to raise rates . If the CPI inflation rate remains above 3 % in April , Mr King will have to write another letter of explanation to the chancellor .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Whole Foods is losing trust with customers and investors by repeatedly LYING to customers
What happens when innovation gets replaced by obfuscation ?
Urge Whole Foods to tell the truth and refund customers
( NaturalNews ) The stock of Whole Foods Market ( WFM ) plunged 20 % in the opening hours today , the day after Natural News published a bombshell article revealing that some Whole Foods Market employees are lying to customers about the presence of toxic heavy metals in rice protein products sold at Whole Foods stores . Click here to see real-time WFM stock prices on Yahoo Finance `` Whole Foods shares suffering worst day in 7 years '' reported Marketwatch.com . The collapse of WFM shares is widely attributed to disappointing earnings reports and loss of investor confidence , but consumer confidence is also being shattered when stories come out showing Whole Foods is misleading its own customers about toxins in the products it sells . ( And for the record , we did not call for readers to sell WFM stock . We would much rather see Whole Foods share prices rise as it comes clean on this issue and re-establishes trust with the public . ) The story published at Natural News yesterday urged readers to visit Whole Foods stores and ask store managers about the presence of toxic heavy metals in rice protein products , and many replies are now being received by Natural News , confirming how widespread the denial really is . Across the USA , Whole Foods employees and managers appear to be fronting a `` big lie '' about heavy metals , claiming the products they sell do n't contain such contaminants . In fact , they contain these contaminants at such high levels that multiple rice protein products sold at Whole FoodsScientific research I conducted at the Natural News Forensic Food Labs proves the presence of alarming levels of toxic heavy metals in organic rice protein products sold by Whole Foods . The facts are irrefutable , as any university lab or FDA lab can easily confirm my own findings on this contamination issue.Natural News contacted Whole Foods to ask for an official response to our story , but so far we have received no response . If a response does come , it will no doubt say something along the lines of , `` The products we sell comply with FDA requirements '' or similar language . The FDA , by the way , does not limit the level of toxic heavy metals that can be legally sold in foods , herbs or dietary supplements . So anyone sells heavily contaminated products can claim to be `` in compliance with FDA '' or even USDA regulations.The value of Whole Foods stock has plummeted nearly 50 % since late last year , so today 's 20 % crash is more than just a fluke -- it 's indicative of theby both investors and customers.Last year , for example , the Organic Spies caught Whole Foods employees lying on camera about the fact that Whole Foods sells thousands of products containing genetically engineered ingredients ( GMOs ) . Whole Foods employees told Natural News they had been deliberately trained by management to claim the retailer did not sell GMOs -- an outright lie that was publicly exposed.Following that cover-up , Whole Foods announced they would require mandatory GMO labeling across all the products they sell by the year 2018 . Reportedly , Whole Foods is already making progress on that front , and that 's good news for all consumers.In many ways , Whole Foods has been a pioneer in health food retailing , and they 've demonstrated a high degree of innovation on several fronts , winning the hearts and minds ( and paychecks ) of millions of customers . But now , with the heavy metals issue looking more and more like another Whole Foods `` big lie '' cover-up , this isWhen customers realize they 're being lied to about toxic contaminants in products they 've purchased at Whole Foods , they begin to lose trust in the Whole Foods brand . They seek alternative retailers like Vitamin Cottage , Natural Grocers , Wild Oats or Sprouts.As consumer trust is lost in Whole Foods , investor sentiment also declines . After all , the long-term earnings of the company can not succeed without the trust and goodwill of customers , andwhen a company is caught lying to its own customers.This is especially true among health-conscious consumers who . Whole Foods customers , after all , are the non-GMO , non-pesticide , non-hormones-in-my-food crowd . They sure do n't want to be eating toxic heavy metals like lead , cadmium and tungsten , either . Yet as I have already scientifically proven , while denying it is doing so . These are n't small levels of heavy metals , either : many products sold by Whole Foods right now contain overThis fact is irrefutable . Sooner or later , Whole Foods is going to have to face the music on this point and decide what to do about it . Natural News has spearheaded this story and investigation , but it 's only a matter of time before it goes mainstream.For a corporation running on trust , a cover-up on toxic contamination is nothing less than a recipe for long-term disaster . That 's why I urge Whole Foods to come clean on this issue and . Whole Foods should immediately pull all contaminated products from its shelves , issue a recall , refund the money of customers who bought these products , and institute a quality control system to avoid this from happening again.For the record , I have offered to test products for FREE for the Whole Foods company in order to help them avoid carrying contaminated products in the future . This offer includes up to $ 100,000 a year in laboratory testing services , offered to Whole Foods Market at no charge . That 's how passionately I believe in the -- I 'm willing to help this corporation clean up their product supply line if they would only have the wisdom and humility to listen to reason.For now , if you own Whole Foods Market stock ( WFM ) , you may want to consider selling it . There 's no telling how far down it 's going to go , and I can assure you there 's a lot more news coming on this issue from Natural News . ( Disclaimer : I do NOT knowingly own any Whole Foods Market stock or options of any kind . ) Also keep in mind some investors are now saying WFM is `` oversold '' and may rebound , an observation which may very well be true ...
Image copyright Getty/BBC Image caption MPs Sarah Champion , John Healey and Kevin Barron are taking action against UKIP 's Jane Collins and Cavan Vines
Rotherham 's three Labour MPs say they are suing two UKIP politicians over remarks made about them in relation to the town 's child abuse scandal .
Sarah Champion , John Healey and Kevin Barron are taking action against MEP Jane Collins for libel and slander for comments they made at a UKIP conference , which they believe are defamatory .
They are also suing Rotherham UKIP group leader Caven Vines for libel .
About 1,400 children were abused in the town from 1997 to 2013 , a report found .
Mr Barron and Mr Healey are taking action against Mr Vines for remarks they made in a Sky News interview .
In a joint statement , Ms Champion , Mr Healey and Mr Barron said : `` It is sickening that UKIP could use such an important issue for party political point scoring , and we will challenge these defamatory accusations through every means available to prove they are untrue and to stop UKIP exploiting the terrible abuse for their own political gain . ''
A UKIP spokesperson speaking on behalf of Mrs Collins and Mr Vines said : `` We are unable to comment at the moment , as this is an ongoing case . ''
We Want YOU To Join The Marvel ReEvolution !
Top Comics Publisher Announces Historic Initiative
To Reshape The Comic Industry
Marvel Comics has finally announced their new initiative that Joe Quesada has been hinting at on their Twitter feed for the past week .
Marvel ReEvolution is an augmented reality initiative that bring together both digital comics and print comics into an interactive experience .
Although Valiant Entertainment has created an augmented reality experience for their first issue of X-O Manowar , Marvel seems to be going all in with their AR app . I believe that this adds much more value than just including a digital copy voucher in their print comics .
I just hope that this does n't mean significant price increases or lowered print page counts in the long run . It 's still too early to tell how this will play out , but I 'm looking forward to checking out these AR comics when they see print in April 2012 .
Press release
The Marvel ReEvolution is here—and comics will never be the same ! The future of comic book publishing was unveiled yesterday to the raucous crowd at SXSW Interactive ' s ScreenBurn Arcade courtesy of industry superstars Axel Alonso ( Editor-in-Chief , Marvel Comics ) , Peter Phillips ( SVP/GM , Marvel Digital Media ) and Jeph Loeb ( Head of Marvel Television ) during the historic Marvel : House of Ideas panel
An industry first , the Marvel ReEvolution seamlessly brings the worlds of print and digital media together for a comics experience like no other . The first two elements of this exciting new initiative were revealed as Marvel Infinite Comics , a new comic book format , and Marvel AR , the first major augmented reality app from a comics company . And fans will not have to wait long to get in on the action as they will both be released with the hotly-anticipated Avengers X-Men # 1 on April 4th , when the two biggest Super Heroes teams in the world go to war !
“ Marvel 's always led graphic fiction industry in digital media innovation and the Marvel ReEvolution is a quantum leap into the future of publishing , ” said Dan Buckley . Publisher & President of the Print , Animation & Digital Divisions , Marvel Worldwide , Inc. “ We see print and digital product as complementary , not competitive—so we 've made sure that not only do we have new digital content but also digital products that enhance the printed page . The release of Avengers VS X-Men # 1 , the biggest story we 've ever told , is the activation point for the re-evolution of comics as a whole . ”
Marvel Infinite Comics represent a new form of comic book storytelling , using tablets and smartphones as a new canvas for storytelling , taking advantage of modern technology while staying true to medium 's greatest strengths . The first comic released in this format will be Avengers VS X-Men # 1 Infinite , from acclaimed creators Mark Waid and Stuart Immonen and available on April 4th for purchase on the Marvel Comics app , free with the redemption of the code found in print copies of Avengers VS X-Men # 1 or included with the purchase of the digital version .
“ We call these Marvel Infinite Comics because the storytelling possibilities are , frankly , infinite . Writers and artists now have a whole host of new tools at their disposal to redefine the comic book medium , ” said Alonso . “ Current tablets and smartphones , along with comiXology 's Guided View technology , allow us to develop new , full length stories for a different medium that are very much truly comics—but experienced by readers in a way no other major company has ever executed . ”
The Marvel AR app , powered by Aurasma , will be released in April for iOS and Android devices . By opening this app and scanning select Marvel products featuring the Marvel AR logo , you 'll unlock exclusive content starring the world 's most popular Super Heroes — including Iron Man , Thor , Captain America , Spider-Man , Wolverine , Hulk and many others ! Go behind the scenes of your favorite comics , see new footage , hear from creators , catch yourself up on past events and more !
“ Marvel AR is a perfect example of how digital innovation not only gives added value to print comics , but also brings a delivers an entirely new reading experience , ” explained Phillips . “ Now fans will have access to more behind-the-scenes material from their favorite Marvel products than ever before—and it 's all absolutely free . ”
Check out www.marvel.com for more information on the Marvel ReEvolution and stay tuned for exciting developments as the comic industry changes forever .
– The Comic Book Critic
UPDATE : WATCH the Spider-Man Homecoming Trailer HERE !
The first footage for Spider-Man : Homecoming has been released to the public , and a trailer is coming tomorrow night , the official Twitter and instagram accounts of the movie announced .
The footage in the eighteen second video appears to be the same , or at least very close to , the teaser video shown at Brazil 's Comic Con Experience last week . It starts from first person , from Spider-Man 's perspective , as they talk to Happy Hogan , who reminds them that a case was delivered . `` A minor upgrade from Tony Stark ... '' Peter Parker , played by Tom Holland , says . They open the case , and next we see , Spider-Man is leaping from a building , extending their web-wings and gliding away . `` This is the coolest thing I 've ever seen ! '' they exclaim .
The trailer for the film will debut on Jimmy Kimmel Live Thursday night . The late night talk show on ABC has been used as a platform for promotion and debut of many superhero films over the last couple of years - when it comes to Marvel , that 's a bit of corporate synergy as ABC and Marvel are both owned by Disney . Of course , in the case of Spider-Man : Homecoming , while it exists in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , it 's technically still produced by Sony Pictures . Thanks to a landmark rights-sharing deal , however , Sony and Marvel Studios now share Spider-Man and their supporting cast , allowing Marvel 's movie characters , like Happy Hogan ( Jon Favreau ) and Tony Stark/Iron Man ( Robert Downey , Jr. ) to make appearances in Sony 's Spider-Man films , and bringing Spidey themselves into Avengers movies like Captain America : Civil War and the upcoming Avengers : Infinity War .
The cast features Tom Holland ( In the Heart of the Sea ) , Michael Keaton ( Batman , Birdman ) , Zendaya ( K.C . Undercover ) , Donald Glover ( The Martian , Community ) , Jacob Batalon ( North Woods ) , Laura Harrier ( One Life to Live ) , Tony Revolori ( The Grand Budapest Hotel ) , Tyne Daly ( Cagney and Lacey ) , Bokeem Woodbine ( Fargo ) , with Marisa Tomei ( My Cousin Vinny , The Wrestler ) , and Robert Downey Jr. ( Iron Man , The Avengers ) . It also includes Martin Starr ( Silicon Valley ) , Kenneth Choi ( The People vs. O.J . Simpson ) , Michael Mando ( Better Call Saul ) , Selenis Leyva ( Orange is the New Black ) , Isabella Amara ( The Boss ) , Jorge Lendeborg , Jr. ( Graceland ) , JJ Totah ( Liv and Maddie ) , Hannibal Buress ( 30 Rock ) , and Jacob Batalon ( North Woods ) . The film is being directed by Jon Watts ( Cop Car , Clown ) , based on a screenplay by Jonathan Goldstein & John Francis Daley ( Vacation reboot ) and Jon Watts & Christopher Ford and Chris McKenna & Erik Sommers . Spider-Man : Homecoming hits theaters July 7 , 2017 .
By Kim Yoo-chul
LG Electronics , the world 's No . 2 TV maker , announced Monday a plan to unveil a “ rollable ” OLED TV at a technology expo in the U.S. early next year .
“ LG Electronics is working on developing a 55-inch rollable TV , which will be introduced at the International Consumer Electronics Show ( ICES ) in January 2016 , ” an official in charge of LG 's technology research center told The Korea Times .
The TV will be a prototype , which means that mass-production will be possible three or four years later .
Another official said the rollable feature could become a new “ form factor ” for LG to establish a new ecosystem focusing on OLED-related things from materials to tech .
“ LG 's move to exhibit a prototype of a rollable TV has huge meaning in the global technology industry amid the industry 's gradual shift toward flexible OLED technology . The launch of the 55-inch rollable TV represents LG 's readiness to lead over rivals in the heated race for applications with large-sized flexible OLED panels , which are more profitable than devices using small OLED displays , ” said the official .
They added that unlike existing curved televisions , its rollable TV could create an easy-to-carry tube that could be carried as easily as a briefcase and be installed wherever customers want to watch programs .
LG Electronics is teaming up with technology affiliates of LG Group for the project .
LG Display will be in charge of supplying transparent and flexible OLED panels for use in the new TV .
For mass-production , LG 's battery unit ― LG Chem , the world 's biggest electric car battery manufacturer , will supply curved or even wire batteries for the new TV .
A spokesperson at LG Electronics said it was mulling over the possibility of releasing the 55-inch rollable OLED TV at the 2016 ICES ; however , nothing has been decided yet .
“ There are still a lot of technological barriers to put the conceptual TV into the industry 's mainstream ; however , the key thing is that people 's lives will be changed in good ways thanks to improvements in technology , ” the official said .
At this year 's IFA fair , the European version of the ICES , LG exhibited a portable rollable keyboard .
LG identified OLED as its next business area with Han Sang-beom , CEO of LG Display , saying ; “ Through displays , we share information . Through displays , we communicate . Through displays , we look into the future and dream about it , ” in a keynote speech at this year 's IFA .
The LG executive spoke of a future where windows , desks , and even walls could be made of displays . OLEDs can take any shape , they 're flexible , and they can be transparent , so there 's real potential for augmented reality in the future .
IHS Technology , a research firm , said patent applications for OLED flexible display technologies have been rising .
“ Flexible displays are the next-generation display panels fabricated on a paper-thin and flexible substrate , so that they can be bent and rolled without damage , ” said Ian Lim , senior analyst of intellectual property for IHS .
Washington ( CNN ) -- The secretary of defense is warning Congress not to change the rules about gays in the military until the Pentagon has reviewed the impact of repealing the laws on the force .
In a letter sent to the House Armed Services Committee 's chairperson on Friday , Robert Gates wrote they are `` strongly opposed '' to any changes to the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' legislation before the military review is completed .
`` I hope Congress will not do so , as it would send a very damaging message to our men and women in uniform that in essence their views , concerns and perspectives do not matter on an issue with such a direct impact and consequence for them and their families , '' Gates wrote in the letter , which was obtained by CNN .
The defense secretary was responding to a request from Sen. Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , head of the Armed Services Committee , for comment about the potential for such legislation changes .
The White House issued a statement Friday supporting Gates ' position and praising them for having already scaled back the ban on gays serving openly in the military . Those changes include making it far more difficult for someone to be removed from service because they or they have been outed by another service member .
`` The president 's commitment to repealing 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' is unequivocal . This is not a question of if , but how , '' White House spokesperson Tommy Vietor said in the statement . `` That 's why we 've said that the implementation of any congressional repeal will be delayed until the DOD study of how best to implement that repeal is completed . The president is committed to getting this done both soon and right . ''
The 2011 defense authorization bill is about to be considered by Skelton 's committee , and there could be a push to add legislation to repeal `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' to that bill .
Advocates of repealing the law were quick to issue statements Friday supporting Congress ' right to alter the law before the Pentagon review is complete .
`` With all due respect to Secretary Gates , it is Congress that determines the legislative schedule , not the secretary of defense , '' said Aubrey Sarvis , executive director for Servicemembers Legal Defense Network . `` Congressional leaders and repeal advocates may need to give the Pentagon leaders a gentle reminder . ''
`` There is no need to bring the legislative repeal effort to a screeching halt to ensure that the views of the Pentagon Working Group are carefully and respectfully considered , '' Sarvis said in a statement .
`` It 's time for the president and commander in chief to speak clearly and frankly on this issue , '' they continued . `` The commander in chief sounds like they are deferring to their defense secretary , to a House chairperson who opposes them on repeal , and to their political operatives . ''
Some members of Congress have raised the idea of putting a moratorium on `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' until a permanent repeal is passed .
`` We all look forward to the report on the review of the 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy by the Defense Department , '' House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said in a statement Friday . `` In the meantime , the administration should immediately place a moratorium on dismissals under this policy until the review has been completed and Congress has acted . ''
Gates has said in congressional testimony that Pentagon lawyers believe such a moratorium is not legal .
As the cocktails flowed and a band played poolside at last week 's opening of the Nic on Fifth apartments in downtown Minneapolis , the developers who built the 26-story luxury complex looked out on the next place they 'd like to do something — one block north .
Opus Development Co. executives said they are now planning two residential towers with 30 floors or more on what 's called the Ritz block , which fronts Nicollet Mall between 3rd and 4th Streets .
The plan is a departure from an earlier proposal to build offices and housing on the block , which is currently a surface parking lot . But with Nic on Fifth already 45 percent leased just days after opening , Opus executives are betting that more housing is the way to go .
“ Our success at the Nic thus far helped guide this decision , ” said Nick Murnane , real estate manager for Opus .
At the Ritz block , where a Sheraton-Ritz hotel stood until 1990 , Murnane and Dave Menke , president of Opus Development , said they 'd like to start with a tower along the Nicollet Mall side , then build another on the Marquette Avenue side when demand warrants .
They are unsure whether the towers will hold condominiums , apartments , or a combination . The company is still working through the design phase and has n't submitted plans to the city .
They intend for the first tower to have one skyway connection to the Hennepin County Library across Nicollet and one across 4th to the new Xcel Energy headquarters , which is going up between Nic on Fifth and the Ritz block . “ Our goal is to transform the north end of Nicollet Mall , ” Murnane said .
Despite growing concerns about the durability of the rental market downtown , the Twin Cities had the fourth-lowest vacancy rate in the nation , according to a report released last week by Cassidy Turley . At the end of the April-to-June quarter , the average vacancy rate in the seven-county metro area was 2.8 percent , up slightly from the previous quarter .
“ Construction has n't caught up with demand yet , and that speaks to how healthy our market is as a whole , ” said Julie Lux , at Cassidy Turley . “ And lots of people want to get into this market . ”
Investors are particularly bullish on suburban rental projects where there 's been very little new construction . Lux recently listed a 200-unit building in Eagan and already had more than 20 showings . “ We have people flying in from all over the country to look at it , ” they said . “ And it 's not going to be a bargain . ”
Even so , there are some weakening signs in the rental market . In areas such as Uptown where several buildings opened within a short time , the market has softened and would-be renters are being offered concessions , including a free month 's rent , parking and other perks .
Mary Bujold , president of Maxfield Research , expects vacancy rates to pop up to 7 percent by sometime late next year or in early 2016 , though that is still relatively low by industry standards .
Nationwide , demand for multifamily units has exceeded development for the last 3½ years , according to the Cassidy Turley report . So , despite fears of overbuilding , there 's plenty of economic and demographic evidence multifamily fundamentals will remain strong .
The Nic on Fifth and several other buildings , including a tower that 's being built next door by Mortenson Construction , are remaking an area of downtown called the Gateway District . Within a four-block area , there are now more than 1,000 new apartments , not including the two new proposed towers by Opus .
Also last week . a Chicago-based developer hosted the grand opening at LMP Apartments , a 36-story luxury tower several blocks south along the Nicollet Mall along on the edge of Loring Park .
And on Friday , Minneapolis granted development rights for a parcel to Ryan Cos. , which plans to build several hundred apartments atop a parking ramp in the Downtown East development next to the new Vikings stadium .
`` There 's no place like home '' could become the battle cry of the Canadian military as spending on overseas operations is forecast to take a steep dive .
Internal Defence Department reports show total spending on foreign deployments could to drop to just $ 5 million in the 2014-15 fiscal year from the current anticipated level of $ 476 million .
The figures are contained in a June 1 , 2012 financial report by the Department 's assistant deputy minister of finance . The report was obtained by The Canadian Press under the Access to Information Act .
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty has vowed to balance the budget by 2015 . The records show that by then , the Harper government expects it will no longer be paying for the tear-down and clean-up of the Kandahar combat mission , nor the Afghan training mission in Kabul which is set to end early next year .
More significantly , it has not budgeted for any new operations , including a renewal of current peacekeeping missions and no contingency fund has been set aside .
The internal spending forecast notes that the tables are revised three times a year and officials note the government always has the option of adding money to the budget if cabinet decides to send the military somewhere .
But the figures are a dramatic illustration of the warnings sounded last week by Defence Minister Peter MacKay and the country 's chief of defence staff about the coming wave of fiscal austerity .
A separate set of estimates tabled in Parliament on Monday , ahead of this spring 's federal budget , shows the Harper government anticipates the overall defence spending will shrink in the coming year to $ 17.9 billion , down $ 2.3 billion from what was actually spent in 2011-12 .
In 2008 , the Conservatives promised the military they would deliver stable and predictable funding over 20 years , with annual two per cent budget increases every year after 2011 .
But as figures tabled in last year 's budget showed the increase is more than offset by cuts elsewhere .
The country 's top defence commander made it clear at a two-day defence symposium last week that the military is bracing for a prolonged period of austerity .
`` There is a budget to balance — and Defence must do its part '' Gen. Tom Lawson said . `` That is an immutable fact . ''
A spokesperson for the minister said reductions were to be anticipated after the Afghan war .
`` Canada ended its combat mission in Afghanistan in 2011 and will end its military training mission in 2014 , '' said Jay Paxton .
`` Naturally taxpayers would no longer be absorbing the costs associated with our training mission to Afghanistan when the deployment of our military members is complete . ''
Canada will lose its place on world stage : opposition
But Liberal defence critic John McKay said it 's clear the Harper Conservatives are ratcheting back the country 's involvement in the world after years of railing that the foreign policy of previous governments did n't have enough military muscle .
They pointed to additional cuts in both diplomacy and international development .
`` Apparently when the Liberals do fiscal reality , it 's a decade of darkness , but when Conservatives do it , what is it ? A decade of doofus ? '' McKay said .
`` All of this means Canada will be a diminished presence on the world stage . ''
McKay said they accept the winding down of involvement in Afghanistan would mean a significantly reduced operations budget . But an absence of planning for — or even anticipating – future missions , both at home and aboard , is a colossal mistake .
The Conservatives have made much of the uncertainty in the world and common sense would dictate they should have a contingency fund for unexpected deployments , McKay said .
`` It 's stupid fiscal planning , '' they said . `` Any realistic budget I 've seen always has a contingency set aside for things that just reasonably ca n't be anticipated . ''
The net effect of not anticipating future deployments is that the military will have to scramble to find the funds when something does happen .
The government funded much , but not all , of Afghanistan through special appropriations .
National Defence was forced to raid some of its program budgets in order to cover the difference .
New York City is burning . The famous American metropolis is a popular playground for video games , but more for destruction than just admiring its skyscrapers .
The city that never sleeps is often virtually reimagined in the world of video games . Shooter games turn it into a battleground , while others fast forward to the future , transforming it into an apocalyptic wasteland .
See also : 15 Vintage Video Games You Can Play on Your iPhone
Here are six games that have annihilated the Big Apple .
1 . Enslaved : Odyssey to the West
Set 150 years into the future , Enslaved : Odyssey to the West is an apocalyptic journey through a destroyed yet ethereally beautiful Earth . Protagonists Trip and Monkey journey to the ruins of New York City , on a mission to get Trip back to their village .
2 . Ghostbusters : The Video Game
If there 's something strange in your neighborhood , maybe think twice about calling the Ghostbusters .
Based on the comedy of the same name , the game follows three paranormal experts as they run around New York trying to rid the city of ghosts . Sometimes , they do more damage than good , leaving chaos in their wake .
3 . Grand Theft Auto IV
Set in the fictional Liberty City , closely modeled after New York , GTA IV is all about wreaking irresponsible havoc , 24/7 . Characters run around the city stealing , killing and indulging in their wildest whims . The heart-pumping , open-world game is full of arson attacks , gunfights and car chases .
4 . Metal Gear Solid 2 : Sons of Liberty
Originally slated for release in late 2001 , stealth action game Metal Gear Solid 2 was bound to virtually annihilate New York City . But when the Sept. 11 terror attacks occurred , the game 's developers had to reverse some of MGS ' features , including the terrorism-heavy plot and the scenes where half of Manhattan and the Statue of Liberty get brutally crushed . One of the characters , Raiden , even had to have their name changed in the game 's Japanese version , because it closely resembled `` Bin Laden . ''
But the game still had a little appetite for destruction after that , with characters waging battles all over Manhattan .
5 . Rampage : World Tour
Less intense than the other games on this list , Rampage is an arcade-style game where characters run around the world destroying major cities . Naturally , New York is one of them .
Causing the main destruction are three monster characters : a gorilla named George , a Godzilla-like creature named Lizzie and a werewolf named Ralph . Smash your way through major landmarks and skyscrapers with the retro 1997 game .
6 . Crysis 3
Like Crysis 2 , the third installment in this video game series is set in the city in the semi-distant future of 2047 . Swampy and dystopian , New York is transformed into an overgrown , dark wonderland under the rule of a corrupt power .
Main protagonist Prophet sweeps through the streets in the shooter game , seeking to get revenge against CELL , an evil military organization controlling the city .
BONUS : PIXELS
This is n't a real video game , but we wish it were . Artist Patrick Jean created this short film , called PIXELS , in which classic video games such as Pac Man and Tetris are unleashed on the city streets , turning everything into a mess of pixelated rubble .
French national coach Bernard Bourreau has finalised their nine-man team for the world championships road race in Ponferrada , with Nacer Bouhanni leading the line in a squad that also includes Warren Barguil , Romain Bardet and Tony Gallopin . Related Articles Bouhanni making case for Worlds selection at Vuelta a España
FDJ sidelines Bouhanni in response to French interview
French coach Bourreau frustrated by FDJ 's stance on Bouhanni
France looks to bridge lengthy gap at Ponferrada Worlds
Gallopin and Bouhanni lay down markers for future in Ponferrada
News shorts : Nibali ends season , Contador back to racing
Bouhanni underlined their credentials for the Worlds at the Vuelta a España , where they won two sprint stages and performed impressively on two uphill finishes – at Arcos de la Frontera on stage 3 and at Obregon at the end of week two .
The fast man will be unable to race again between now and the Worlds road race on September 28 , however – FDJ.fr manager Marc Madiot pulled Bouhanni from racing after they lamented their omission from the Tour de France squad in a recent interview with L'Équipe .
Bouhanni is joined in the French squad by their regular lead-out man , Geoffrey Soupe , who will join them in making the switch to Cofidis next season .
Tony Gallopin impressed in landing a stage victory and a spell in the yellow jersey at the Tour de France , and the Lotto-Belisol man confirmed their form with a fine showing in Canada over the weekend , taking ninth at the Grand de Quebec and 3rd at the GP de Montreal .
Alongside Romain Bardet , who finished fifth in Montreal , Gallopin will have the freedom to go on the offensive , and the pair provide France with a brace of alternatives to Bouhanni should the course prove more selective than anticipated .
Bardet 's Ag2r-La Mondiale teammate and Tour de France podium finisher Jean-Christophe Péraud also features in the squad , as does Warren Barguil ( Giant-Shimano ) , fresh from their fine 8th place finish at the Vuelta .
Sylvain Chavanel ( IAM Cycling ) returns to the line-up after skipping the road race in Florence 12 months ago , while Europcar 's Cyril Gautier and Kevin Reza will also line in Ponferrada .
Chavanel will also compete in the individual time trial , alongside Jérôme Coppel ( Cofidis ) .
French team for elite men 's road race : Romain Bardet ( AG2R-La Mondiale ) , Warren Barguil ( Giant-Shimano ) , Nacer Bouhanni ( FDJ.fr ) , Sylvain Chavanel ( IAM Cycling ) , Tony Gallopin ( Lotto-Belisol ) , Cyril Gautier ( Europcar ) , Jean-Christophe Peraud ( AG2R-La Mondiale ) , Kevin Reza ( Europcar ) , Geoffrey Soupe ( FDJ.fr )
Elite men 's time trial : Sylvain Chavanel ( IAM Cycling ) , Jérôme Coppel ( Cofidis ) .
Of course when you are under heavy fire from within , and your ship of state has just sprung another spectacular leak , best to pretend it is n't happening . Resplendent in one of their blue ties and beamed live from the comfort of the prime ministerial suite , Tony Abbott assured us the latest bombshell was a “ storm in a teacup ” . Some storm and some teacup .
The governing Liberal Party 's honorary treasurer , a man who 's raised $ 70 million for the cause , laid bare the malaise they see at the heart of the government 's problems . Philip Higginson did it in two letters sent out to the 20 members of the federal executive – lashing out at unaccountable corporate governance and a “ husband and wife team ” conflict of interest that they said damaged the organisation and the parliamentary party . The letters were promptly forwarded to the media , despite Higginson pleading for confidentiality .
Make no mistake about it : no one believes that was accidental . “ Dirty pool ” is the way one of the executive describes its release into the full gaze of the public square . They have no doubt it is another chapter in the project of hacking down Tony Abbott . Neither does the prime minister , who told 2GB : “ Plainly there is this desire on the part of some to damage and destroy this government. ” Some members of parliament told staff at Menzies House , the Liberals ' national HQ in Canberra , that the honorary treasurer was texting them , urging them to support the spill .
The whole episode illustrates that for Abbott little has changed . They are more comfortable attacking and creating enemies than in reaching out and making friends .
The real targets were Tony Abbott , the party 's federal director Brian Loughnane and their wife , the prime ministerial chief of staff , Peta Credlin . They are being blamed for the dysfunction not only in the parliamentary party but also in the organisational wing . By implication , Abbott is blamed for allowing a conflict of interest to exist by keeping Credlin . This has led to a “ wooden and unreliable communication and , dare I say it , retribution ” . Unlike some of the other stories finding their way into the media on a disturbingly regular basis , no one could deny the authenticity of the document or the identity of the author .
What is documented is the disappointment of the party 's generous business backers with the hole their government finds itself in so early in its first term . The ostensible trigger for the outburst is Higginson 's claim that party president and former Howard government minister Richard Alston was moving to dump him . Alston denies this but the claim allows this stark assessment of how much harder it will be to conduct fundraising in the run-up to the next election : “ This time at play are different dynamics , much diminished brand , much poorer economy , leadership travails , lack of trust within our own major-donor base ( > $ 100,000 ) , many observers predicting further challenges , and many commentators predicting ultimate defeat in 2016 . ”
The missive is arguing for reform of the party 's governance structures – greater transparency and accountability of where the money comes from and who really gets it . It refers to “ malfeasance as we encountered in some other jurisdictions within the party ” . This has angered long-time colleagues of Loughnane . Alston has rushed to their defence , emailing executive members to say they were totally unaware of any breach of fiduciary or any other duty on their part . The veteran party executive director has a hard-won reputation for integrity . Any suggestion of money laundering donations , as came out of the Independent Commission Against Corruption in New South Wales , is strenuously denied and certainly no proof has been proffered .
A malicious underground whispering campaign is doing the rounds , which adds weight to Higginson 's observation that they are overwhelmed by “ the sheer vitriol , and pent-up animosities , and enmities that exist ” . It 's not the image of a united party of happy campers . The rebellion that flared in the parliamentary party could well be matched when the party executive meets early next month . Higginson 's concerns are shared . Influential members of the Victorian division are particularly unhappy .
One of the Liberals ' biggest donors for years , mining magnate Clive Palmer , has bought into the row . They say they quit the Liberal organisation because they were unable to find out how their large donations were spent . Never mind that the claim opens them up to the perception they were trying to buy influence and Loughnane appropriately resisted . Now a federal MP , Palmer told parliament : “ I did n't know funds from the Liberal Party would be spent on various things other than re-election of Liberal members . ”
Palmer 's intervention has fed the paranoia in the Abbott camp that Malcolm Turnbull , or at least people working on their behalf , is behind the destabilisation . The Turnbull office denies any involvement . But the alternative leader fed the perception when they backed Higginson 's call for better corporate governance of the party . There 's no doubt Palmer has a good relationship with the communications minister , but it is more likely the Queensland MP 's motivation was to opportunistically grab the limelight . They say they will try again to air more of the Liberals ' dirty linen in parliament .
None of this is calming the nerves of the restive backbench . The party-room meeting this week was described by one veteran MP as tense and febrile . Don Randall , the West Australian who recently seconded the spill motion against Abbott , riled the prime minister over the sacking of chief whip Philip Ruddock . They came back at the prime minister four times , only to be slapped down . One version is that Randall was told they could like it or lump it : “ The closest thing to a flashpoint I 've seen . ”
Abbott 's completely over-the-top attack on Human Rights Commission president Gillian Triggs had Andrew Laming from Brisbane and Craig Laundy from Sydney chiding the prime minister . Laundy 's marginal seat of Reid has many Muslim voters . They urged their leader to concentrate more on getting the remaining children out of detention rather than attacking Professor Triggs .
Those pleas went unheeded and as a result the government continued painting itself into a very ugly corner . Triggs is accused of a “ political stitch-up ” for doing no more than their legislated job of holding a government to its human rights obligations . The prime minister and the attorney-general accuse Triggs of deliberately delaying their inquiry into children in detention until after the election , the implication being that they somehow let Labor off the hook . Never mind that they are also critical of the Rudd and Gillard governments and that their statutory obligations did n't stop at the time of the last election .
The prime minister was forced into a mode we have seen too often , where reality and their characterisation of it are at odds . Labor 's Bill Shorten confronted them with the Hansard record of the senate estimates committee 's cross-examination of Triggs . What is crystal clear is the attorney-general and the head of their department admitted they told Triggs a new role could be found for them because they had lost the government 's confidence . For Abbott , that was not wanting to sack them nor was it offering them an “ inducement ” to go . The word games can not mask the brutality of the situation . Them integrity was being sacrificed on the altar of political expediency .
George Brandis told the committee after a bruising day for all concerned that they did n't know “ where we go from here ” . The whole episode undermines the government 's human rights reputation , but for Abbott it illustrates that little has changed . They are more comfortable attacking and creating enemies than in reaching out and making friends .
It 's in stark contrast to the new style we are seeing from Social Services Minister Scott Morrison . Gone is the flint-hearted immigration minister , demonising boat people and flogging Labor mercilessly . Inclusion is now the name of their game . He 's reaching out to the opposition to try to forge a consensus on childcare reform . He 's even thrown in a bit of Mary Poppins : “ a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down ” . Morrison wants incremental change over a decade and for a generation to radically reshape the social welfare system . They say without gradual change beginning now , the nation will be forced “ over the reform cliff down the track ” . Labor and welfare agencies are wary . Some saw their impressive Press Club performance this week as an audition for the treasurer 's job , if not the leadership .
Those questions are far from resolved . Seven ministers were prepared to tell Fairfax Media they would not vote for Abbott again in a spill . And that was despite a lift for the government in the Newspoll . The boosters were claiming an Abbott comeback , but one Labor strategist noted the 53-47 figures would see the Coalition flogged by the same margin with which it won the last election .
In the poll , the prime minister 's deep unpopularity was still a feature , although that does n't hearten everyone in Labor . One hardhead says Abbott was never popular and they still won the last election . It was the budget that shattered their government 's standing .
This prompts the obvious question : can this year 's budget restore it ? Not without a dramatic circuit-breaker , is the view even of those closest to Abbott . They are at a loss to know what such a break might be . The party 's unhappy honorary treasurer seems to have an answer : abandon the triumvirate responsible for the mess they are all in . For that to happen , the prime minister would have to move out Credlin or replace their husband , Loughnane , in head office . Of course , Abbott could resign themselves – although the party room would have to force that choice on him .
Next year 's Queen 's speech is being ditched by the government to ease the way in parliament for new Brexit laws .
In a highly unusual move , the parliamentary session is being doubled to two years . The leader of the Commons , Andrea Leadsom , said this would give MPs and peers the maximum time possible to scrutinise legislation taking the UK out of the European Union . It means the government will not put forward a new legislative programme next year .
Queen 's speech : what the Tories ' overhauled priorities may look like Read more
The Conservatives delayed this year 's Queen 's speech as the party held discussions with the DUP to thrash out an agreement on propping up the minority government . A formal deal has yet to be secured but Tory sources have said there is a “ broad agreement ” on the principles of the speech , and state opening will now take place on Wednesday 21 June – two days later than originally scheduled .
Under the coalition government the event , which is traditionally surrounded by great pomp and ceremony , was dropped in 2011 , with ministers insisting it would give parliament more time to scrutinise the government 's heavy legislative agenda . Labour at the time accused the coalition of an “ abuse of power ” and said it was aimed solely at easing the passage of controversial legislation . Extending the new session will allow MPs and peers to examine Brexit laws as well as domestic reforms in depth , according to the government .
Keir Starmer : Labour can change course of Brexit after May 's election rejection Read more
Leadsom said : “ While our top priority right now is supporting the victims of the terrible tragedy at Grenfell Tower , we also need to look ahead by setting out a legislative programme that not only delivers a successful EU exit but also a domestic agenda which aims to tackle the social injustices in our country . The UK will spend the next two years preparing for our departure from the European Union in a way that best places us to realise the opportunities ahead and build a fairer society . This will require substantial amounts of legislation , beginning with the great repeal bill .
“ We will build the broadest possible consensus for our Brexit plans , and that means giving parliament the maximum amount of time to scrutinise these bills by holding a two-year session of parliament . It will mean we can work together to deliver a successful Brexit deal and a strong social legislative programme that delivers justice and opportunity to everyone . ”
The government said the great repeal bill , which converts EU laws into British legislation , will be considered alongside other Brexit legislation .
No 10 said the government would deliver Brexit while also addressing deep-rooted inequalities in society .
Marissa Mayer , current CEO of Yahoo . They are n't in charge during Yahoo 's 2008 legal battle . Reuters In 2008 , the U.S. government threatened to fine Yahoo $ 250,000 a day if it did n't hand over user data as part of the NSA 's controversial PRISM program , according to court documents released today .
The 1,500 page document outlines Yahoo 's legal struggle to challenge the U.S. surveillance laws — which were part of the PRISM program , established to acquire data from tech giants including Apple , Microsoft , Facebook , and Yahoo — by calling them unconstitutional .
Yahoo lost its legal battle and had to provide the requested email metadata . ( Not the actual content of emails , but information about which users sent emails to each other and when ) .
Yahoo General Counsel Ron Bell wrote that the full document , which will be linked on Yahoo 's blog soon , proves that Yahoo `` had to fight every step of the way to challenge the U.S. Government 's surveillance efforts . ''
As Craig Timberg of the Washington Post points out , Federal Judge William Cryson , presiding judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review , ordered the documents be unsealed . PRISM was discontinued in 2011 , and revealed to the public by whistleblower Edward Snowden .
Historical perspective is often missing from the racing world . In the excitement of today 's race , fans are sometimes quick to declare the dominant rider of the moment to be one of the all-time greats , or even the GOAT ( the greatest of all time ) , even if their memory of `` all time '' barely stretches back 10 years .
With Marc Márquez approaching the record for consecutive wins in the top class of grand prix racing , it 's time for some MotoGPerspective . The chart below shows every win streak of more than five races in the top class ( 500cc or MotoGP ) of grand prix motorcycle racing since the modern era began in 1949 , based on official MotoGP records .
Entire books can be written about which riders had the toughest competition or the greatest advantage in equipment . Giacomo Agostini 's legendary dominance was no doubt aided by racing a four-cylinder MV Agusta against lesser machines , such as British singles . But setting that aside and just looking at the numbers , it 's easy to see there have been periods of dominance that Márquez has yet to equal . Agostini , with their record 122 grand prix wins in all classes , is the most obvious . Because of Márquez ' youth , they have the best shot at breaking Agostini 's old record . Valentino Rossi had a chance until they wasted two years on an uncompetitive Ducati .
After winning all 10 races in 1968 , Agostini won the first 10 races of 1969 , then sat out two races . In 1970 , they came back to win the first 10 races , so they won 30 consecutive grands prix in which they competed . Mike Hailwood was similarly dominant at their peak and nearly put together a 20-race win streak . The only rider other than Agostini to accomplish a perfect season is John Surtees , who officially won all seven races in 1959 ( one race was cut short by weather and removed from the official results ) . All told , in 1958-60 , Surtees won 18 of 21 races .
Like just about all professional athletes , Márquez says they do n't think about records and just wants to win championships . But if they ever feels unmotivated by the competition on the track with them today , there are some mighty figures from the past whose accomplishments can serve as a standard for measuring their own .
MotoGPerspective
Winning streaks in the 500cc/MotoGP class :
RODNEY Eade will get another chance to fulfill their dream of becoming a premiership coach after Gold Coast officially confirmed their appointment on Thursday .
Eade beat five others who were shortlisted for the job , whittled down from an original list numbering 150 candidates .
They said the Suns ' job was the only coaching job they would have left Collingwood for and conceded that the offer had come out of left field .
`` Only a very specific opportunity was going to lure me away from Collingwood and back into coaching , '' Eade said .
`` The opportunity with the Suns emerged and , to be honest , there probably was n't another that I was prepared to consider . ''
The final confirmation came days after Eade accepted the job because Collingwood would not release them from their contract as director of football until it had negotiated acceptable terms with the Suns .
The two clubs reached agreement on Thursday , although Suns CEO Andrew Travis said no money was exchanged . Instead the Magpies will be allowed a greater presence at Metricon Stadium for round eight and beyond . `` We entered into a mutual agreement that will have some commercial outcomes for both parties , '' Travis told radio station SEN. `` We were able to work together and create more of a long-term partnership with Collingwood playing games up here on the coast . `` Collingwood playing here , I think it 's a great chance to build up that game out in our community leading into the match at Metricon Stadium . `` We can give them some area and presence , we manage Metricon Stadium so we 've got some flexibility to provide their fans with areas within the stadium . ''
It will be Eade 's third stint as senior coach at an AFL club after periods spent coaching the Sydney Swans and the Western Bulldogs .
Eade has coached 314 games for 162 wins .
They led the Swans into a Grand Final in 1996 and the Western Bulldogs to three preliminary finals between 2008-20010 .
They coached those clubs into nine finals series in 14 seasons .
They also played in four premierships with Hawthorn .
At the end of 2012 , Suns chairperson John Witheriff declared that the Suns would win a flag by the end of 2015 . They are yet to play finals . Travis said Eade 's competitive streak and hardness were crucial in their appointment . `` We 're clear that we need to change gears as a club if we 're going to get to finals and [ if ] we 're to have any success , '' they said . `` That was an area we were looking for in our coaching candidate , someone who could demonstrate the ability to get us to that next step and we think 'Rocket ' demonstrated that clearly . ''
Collingwood CEO Gary Pert said the Magpies were sad to lose Eade after three years at the club as coaching strategist and football manager .
However the club wished them well as they undertook the challenge of lifting the Suns up the ladder .
Born and raised in Glenorchy , Tasmania , Eade played in four premierships for Hawthorn during its glory era in the 1970s and 1980s before ending their career with the Brisbane Bears when the club was based at Carrara .
Eade went on to coach the Bears to the reserves premiership in 1991 and then joined North Melbourne as an assistant coach . They coached the Kangaroos ' reserves in 1994 and 1995 , winning their second reserves premiership in 1995 .
After completing a five-year apprenticeship , Eade was appointed senior coach of the Sydney Swans in 1996 .
Interstate Gun Trafficking , The NRA , And The Boston Marathon Bombers May 14 , 2014 10:38 AM EDT ››› Blog ›››››› TIMOTHY JOHNSON
Reports that the handgun used by Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev originated in Maine should come as no surprise given guns are routinely trafficked from states with weak gun laws to states with stronger gun laws like Massachusetts . Meanwhile , attempts to create a federal law to crack down on gun trafficking have been stifled by the National Rifle Association . Following the April 15 , 2013 , bombings that left three dead and hundreds wounded , the Tsarnaev brothers attempted to elude a massive police manhunt . On the evening of April 18 a Ruger handgun was used by the brothers to kill MIT police officer Sean Collier . Hours later the pistol was used again in a firefight that left MBTA officer Richard Donohue seriously wounded . On May 12 , Los Angeles Times federal law enforcement and terrorism reporter Richard Serrano reported that the firearm was purchased at a Maine gun store , and `` passed '' to a well-known Portland , ME gang leader , before being obtained by Tsarnaev . Massachusetts has the sixth strongest gun laws in the United States and also has the second lowest gun death rate , according to rankings by The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . When guns are used in crimes in Massachusetts , they are most often trafficked from other states ( although the National Rifle Association 's official state affiliate has denied this regularly occurs ) . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives was able to determine the origin of 999 Massachusetts crime guns in 2012 ; 453 came from in-state while 546 were trafficked from other states . Maine accounted for the second largest number of out of state gun traces after New Hampshire . The top six crime gun importers to Massachusetts -- New Hampshire , Maine , Florida , Georgia , North Carolina , and South Carolina -- all received a D or worse grade in the Brady Campaign/LCPGV gun law ranking . Overall the rankings found a correlation between weak gun laws and the exporting of crime guns into states with strong gun laws .
There is no `` direct '' federal law that makes gun trafficking a crime . Currently gun traffickers can be charged with lying on the background check form about whom the gun 's intended owner is , but federal prosecutors are hesitant to devote resources to what would amount to paperwork violations that are difficult to prove under current law .
A significant attempt was made in the U.S. Senate to create a strong federal gun trafficking law following the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School , but the plans ultimately were stifled by the NRA and its congressional allies .
Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D-VT ) took the first step towards a meaningful federal gun trafficking bill by sponsoring the Stop Illegal Trafficking in Firearms Act of 2013 . That bill advanced out of committee and to the Senate floor . Leahy then joined forces with Sens . Kirsten Gillibrand ( D-NY ) , Mark Kirk ( R-IL ) , and Susan Collins ( R-ME ) and gave concessions to the NRA that weakened the bill in order to craft bipartisan legislation . The result was not as strong as the original proposal , but it would have still created severe penalties for gun trafficking .
The plan was for this proposal to be offered as an amendment while the U.S. Senate voted on legislation to expand background checks to all commercial sales . But before Leahy 's amendment could be voted on , the Senate voted on substitute legislation approved by the NRA that included the NRA 's version of gun trafficking legislation .
According to centrist think tank Third Way , the NRA language `` would just be one more toothless federal gun law cleverly written to accomplish practically nothing , '' because it would `` dismantle the straw purchaser provisions at the heart of '' Leahy 's original bill and because the NRA bill 's `` standard of proof is so high that it would be impossible to prosecute . '' Third Way added , `` The NRA gambit is simply an attempt to distract the Senate from supporting the much stronger measure approved by Judiciary . The Chairman 's [ Sen. Leahy ] bill would staunch the flow of guns into the illegal market and keep them out of the hands of criminals . ''
With a handful of exceptions , Republicans voted for the new NRA-backed substitute and then against Leahy 's gun trafficking amendment . Although neither amendment was adopted due to a procedural move that created a 60 vote threshold for adoption , the NRA demonstrated its intense willingness to weaken and interfere with federal legislation to crack down on gun trafficking .
Behold , a certain lawyer stood up and tested him , saying , `` Teacher , what shall I do to inherit eternal life ? ''
They said to him , `` What is written in the law ? How do you read it ? ''
They answered , `` You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , with all your soul , with all your strength , and with all your mind and your neighbour as yourself . ''
They said to him , `` You have answered correctly . Do this , and you will live . ''
But he , desiring to justify himself , asked Jesus , `` Who is my neighbour ? ''
Jesus answered , `` A certain man was going down from Jerusalem to Jericho , and they fell among robbers , who both stripped them and beat him , and departed , leaving them half dead . By chance a certain priest was going down that way . When they saw him , they passed by on the other side . In the same way a Levite also , when they came to the place , and saw him , passed by on the other side . But a certain Samaritan , as they traveled , came where they are . When they saw him , they were moved with compassion , came to him , and bound up their wounds , pouring on oil and wine . They set them on their own animal , and brought them to an inn , and took care of him . On the next day , when they departed , they took out two denarii , and gave them to the host , and said to him , 'Take care of him . Whatever you spend beyond that , I will repay you when I return . ' Now which of these three do you think seemed to be a neighbour to them who fell among the robbers ? ''
They said , `` He who showed mercy on him . ''
Then Jesus said to him , `` Go and do likewise . ''
The Parable of the Good Samaritan : There are a few interesting points here , although I think it is probably important to avoid being too Pharasaically pedantic in considering them . First is the confusion between who ones neighbor is and who is not . The usual Churchian concept is that everyone is your neighbor and the Christian should be mindlessly nice to everyone . This is why Churchianity is essentially the religion of niceness that does n't so much preach salvation through faith or works , but through etiquette and due regard for the social mores . But if we follow the pure logic of the parable , one 's neighbor is the individual who shows mercy to you . It 's not everyone , in fact , it can not possibly be everyone since only one of the three men was the correct answer . Second is the fact that the Samaritan had the wherewithal to help the helpless man . Third is the fact that the man was actually helpless , half-dead , to be specific.So , this makes a few things clear . First , one clearly has a Christian duty to help the helpless . Therefore , this duty just as clearly does not apply as any sort of moral imperative to the non-Christian . Nietzsche , for one , would howl at the concept . Second , while one should offer assistance when one has the ability to do so , it 's not a blanket requirement to everyone . What would the Poor Samaritan , lacking an animal to carry the injured man , without either oil or wine for their wounds , and devoid of money to pay for an inn , been able to do for the man ? And third , the parable says absolutely nothing about responding to a call for assistance , which may or may not be legitimate . It is an extrapolation , and a groundless one , to expand the Christian duty from helping the helpless to helping everyone who requests assistance.There is a significant difference between `` lying on the ground wounded and half-dead '' and `` standing next to a parked car , waving one 's arms '' , especially given that most individuals have cell phones and are perfectly capable of summoning appropriate assistance on their own . So , while one can do so for a variety of reasons , given these distinctions , I do n't think that anyone can reasonably appeal to the Parable of the Good Samaritan as a basis for criticizing John Derbyshire 's advice to young people concerning individuals of African descent in apparent distress requesting assistance .
Labels : Christianity
Image caption Officials are baffled as to why Mr Ashan acted so unusually
An Afghan Taliban commander wanted for organising attacks on Afghan and US troops has been captured after giving themselves up and demanding the $ 100 reward for their arrest , officials say .
Mohammad Ashan is suspected of organising improvised explosive device ( IED ) attacks on US and Afghan troops .
They gave themselves up to Afghan troops after approaching a checkpoint .
US forces later confirmed Mohammad Ashan 's identity using a biometric scan .
The BBC 's Bilal Sarwary in Kabul says that Mr Ahsan is a mid- to low-level Taliban commander in the south-eastern province of Paktika . They are not thought to have commanded a significant number of insurgents .
But the IED attacks they are suspected of a role in were damaging enough to prompt officials into putting up numerous `` wanted '' posters in the districts where they were active , they say .
Nato officials and Afghan troops are at a loss to understand why Mr Ashan attempted to claim a reward for their own capture , our correspondent adds .
Up until now , the tactic of using `` wanted '' posters for insurgents had not yielded many positive results , officials say .
Not even 24 hours after John McCain dramatically tanked a Republican effort to repeal Obamacare in late July , their best friend , Lindsey Graham , started working feverishly in private to try again .
Graham — who 's never shown much interest in health care policy — quietly trekked to the White House with Sen. Bill Cassidy to try and sell President Donald Trump on their latest proposal that would transform Obamacare into a block grant program for states .
Story Continued Below
It seemed like an afterthought at the time ; Obamacare repeal was all but left for dead . But momentum behind the so-called Graham-Cassidy plan snowballed this month . The unexpected passage of a fiscal deal well ahead of schedule freed up valuable floor time . And McCain 's stated openness to the bill — combined with their friendship with Graham — raised hopes within the GOP .
Ultimately , their friendship with Graham mattered less than McCain 's grievances with the lack of scrutiny and lack of bipartisanship surrounding the bill .
“ I 've never known John on something they believe strongly to defer to a friend , ” said Charlie Black , a longtime adviser who speaks to McCain regularly . The GOP leadership 's view that McCain would buckle under new pressure or reverse course because Graham was involved “ did n't make sense to me , ” Black added .
McCain 's announcement Friday to reject the latest iteration of repeal was n't as dramatic as the shocking thumbs-down they motioned to deliver the death blow the last time . But their lengthy statement on Friday was probably just as consequential , dealing most likely a fatal blow to the Senate GOP 's last , best attempt to repeal Obamacare .
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
Sen. Rand Paul ( R-Ky. ) has been adamant in their opposition , detailing their reasons to anyone who 'll listen . Sen. Susan Collins ( R-Maine ) was against previous versions of Obamacare repeal because of their dramatic changes to Medicaid , so GOP leaders counted them as a firm “ no ” from the start .
But momentum in Graham-Cassidy 's favor began to turn earlier this week , when the unlikely duo seemed to be picking up votes and leadership signaled that the plan could actually get to the floor . In a meeting with their top deputies on Monday evening , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) said that holding a vote would help Republicans to get to “ yes . '' But they also recognized the risk of setting up the GOP for failure , according to one person in attendance . Ultimately , McConnell 's office issued a statement that it was their “ intention ” to hold a vote .
Adding to the bullishness , it was McCain themselves who seemed to welcome the push for Graham-Cassidy to begin with . After returning to the Capitol from the four-week August recess and treatment for brain cancer , McCain held court with reporters and swung the door wide open for another try at the health care bill .
Asked whether they were supportive of the bill , McCain answered with a grin : “ Yes . You think I would n't be ? ”
“ If it 's not through regular order , then it 's a mistake . Does n't mean I would n't vote for it , ” McCain said . Pressed on whether they could support the plan if it did not go through committee , they replied : “ Yeah . but it 's wrong . Does n't make it right to do that . ”
McCain seemed to be strongly leaning in favor of the bill then , an explosive development given that they were the surprise “ no ” this summer . Their office then put out a statement saying they preferred a bipartisan approach and needed to study the bill further .
The perceived openness from McCain accelerated Graham and Cassidy 's plans . And while Republicans were shifting toward tax repeal , others wanted to simultaneously continue work on health care .
“ There 's an old saying in Louisiana : Good things come to those who work their ass off , ” quipped Sen. John Kennedy ( R-La . ) in mid-September , as the GOP was paralyzed with indecision .
Graham and Cassidy had much work to do : Finishing the bill , rolling it out , persuading governors to back it , getting the White House fully on board and then prodding McConnell to consider it . Arizona GOP Gov . Doug Ducey eventually backed it , a development that had many Republicans confident McCain would get on board .
But McCain grew less committal as time passed and the specter of Graham-Cassidy passing the Senate became a reality .
“ We need to go to regular order , ” McCain told reporters after meeting with McConnell on Monday . “ I am not supportive of the bill yet . ”
Still , Senate Republicans privately believed McCain 's vote was gettable . Republicans said on Friday that while many outside the Capitol assumed McCain was a “ no , ” the rest of the caucus had n't given up , particularly Graham .
“ Graham has felt they could win them over , ” one source familiar with the conversations said . “ We all knew it was up in the air . ”
But McCain appeared to grow increasingly entrenched in their position as the week unfolded .
After Graham indicated to a White House pool reporter on Tuesday that they feel “ very good ” about McCain 's stance after hearing positively from Ducey , the normally talkative McCain grew far less loquacious .
“ I have nothing to say , ” they growled when asked about Graham 's sentiments . A day later , after McConnell 's office indicated a vote would come up , McCain was on message — and still grumpy .
Adding to the bullishness of their decision , it was Sen. John McCain ( left ) themselves who seemed to welcome the push for the bill from Sens . Lindsey Graham ( right ) and Bill Cassidy to begin with . | Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
“ Nothing has changed , ” McCain told POLITICO as they hopped off the train connecting the Capitol to the Senate office buildings . When asked whether that made them a “ no ” vote , they repeatedly said : “ I want the regular order . ”
That seemed to signal heavily that McCain would end up opposing Graham 's bill . And they made it official Friday , prompting Graham to stress that their work to repeal Obamacare would nonetheless continue and that “ my friendship with John McCain is not based on how they vote but respect for how he 's lived their life and the person they are . ”
What puzzled McCain 's friends is the idea that a Hail Mary on Obamacare as the clock wound down would ever persuade the sixth-term senator to overcome their convictions . McCain had long railed against the law , but the idea of legislating on the fly to uphold a campaign promise always seemed anathema to the longtime committee chairperson .
“ Here 's the thing . John has always believed that the Senate ought to operate by regular order , through committees on a bipartisan basis . And he 's always done that , ” Black said . “ He 's a man you can take at their word in their career . And people should have . ”
Zeebiz Bureau
New Delhi : After Tata Motors ' buying out the British car brand Jaguar and LandRover , another Indian auto major Mahindra & Mahindra is making a 50 percent stake bid in luxury car Aston Martin .
According to news reports , the deal is going to be finalized this week .
M & M seems to be the clear front runner to edge out Italian private equity fund Investindustrial to grab the deal .
Reportedly , M & M had bid higher than the Italian PE fund for a 50 % stake . Investindustrial had made bid worth between 200 million and 250 million pounds ( USD 400 million ) .
According to a report by Bloomberg , to start with M & M is likely to pick up a minority stake of around 40 % but will have the option to raise this to 50 % . The final shareholding structure is still being worked out . The three existing shareholders and the management team will retain the residual stake . The operations team too is unlikely to change even after M & M or another strategic partner comes in .
Aston Martin is owned by a Kuwaiti consortium of financial sponsors led by Investment Dar who bought the company from Ford Motor in 2007 for 479 million pounds .
Earlier , in 2008 the Jaguar Land Rover company was established when Tata Motors acquired the Jaguar and Land Rover businesses from Ford .
Aston Martin is an iconic auto brand which has made cult screen presence in 11 James Bond films including the latest Skyfall .
With Agency Inputs
Canberra man convicted of chainsaw attack on government office avoids jail term
Updated
A man convicted of using a chainsaw to cut their way into a federal government office in Canberra 's south has avoided being sent to jail because of their mental illness .
In March last year Benjamin Dunne , 35 , caught a taxi to the Department of Human Services at Greenway where their former colleagues worked and used the chainsaw to cut their way in .
They initially hit the glass security door several times and when this failed , they used the chainsaw to smash a hole through a glass security panel to gain entry .
The public service building was quickly evacuated and no-one was hurt .
Police officers told the court they found Dunne standing in a corridor between office cubicles , holding the running chainsaw .
Dunne had earlier posted a warning on Facebook , which read in part `` Pathetic , they could have saved lives '' .
The court heard they had been angry at the handling of a sexual harassment claim , which had seen them leave their job on bad terms .
Justice Hilary Penfold noted prosecution concerns about the gruesome connotations of chainsaws in popular culture .
But they told the court they were satisfied the offence was the result of Dunne 's mental health problems which reduced their culpability .
Dunne has been given a two-year suspended sentence , with a two-year good behaviour order .
Topics : courts-and-trials , public-sector , mental-health , act , canberra-2600
First posted
A police call centre manager accidentally dialled 999 when the phone was in their pocket despite a crackdown on time-wasting calls .
The manager was caught out when call centre staff at Avon and Somerset Police dialled the number back and discovered it was their boss .
The force which publishes its time-wasting calls , tweeted : `` Abandoned 999 .. recalled them to find it 's only one of our Communications Managers in the room who had pocket dialled # awkward . ''
It comes in the same week as switchboard staff received a call from someone enquiring about their application to Avon the cosmetics company .
Switchboard staff just received a call from someone enquiring about their application to Avon .. the cosmetics company # notoneforus - Amy
On Wednesday the force also received a call from a woman who had locked their keys in their house and wanted help as they wanted to go shopping and man who reported criminal damage had been done to their noodles .
999 call from a female claiming their emergency was that they had locked their bag inside their house and needed to go shopping # 999misuse - Amy — ASPCallCentre ( @ ASPCallCentre ) August 12 , 2015
Male called on 999 to report criminal damage - to their noodles ! # handsoffmydinner # 999misuse - Chris — ASPCallCentre ( @ ASPCallCentre ) August 12 , 2015
Last month the same force were called by a man claiming a badger was chasing them and another person called to say a seagull had stolen their sandwich .
Previously this year ambulance staff in Essex have been called to someone hurt in a hit and run which turned out to be a squirrel in Epping Forest and to a person who dropped their burger in Basildon .
Women are increasingly speaking up about the sexual assault , harassment and discrimination they face at work and at school . And , as we 've seen this week with the firing of Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein from their own company , they 're finally being taken seriously .
The question is : Why now ? Certainly , the bravery of a handful of well-known and powerful women such as Gretchen Carlson , Megyn Kelly and Ashley Judd has been critical in exposing serial sexual abusers like Fox News founder Roger Ailes and Weinstein . And social networks like Twitter , Instagram , Facebook and Medium give platforms to women like former Uber engineer Susan Fowler , whose story of harassment led to the ouster of that company 's CEO .
But some of the credit for this new world also goes to the former president . Yep , when it comes to women speaking up and getting heard , we can all say a collective , “ Thanks , Obama . ”
The White House under Barack Obama made women 's rights a priority , creating an atmosphere and a legal framework where women were respected and believed and defended . And even as the current White House works overtime to shut down women 's rights , the Obama legacy is hardly going away . Indeed , the election of Donald Trump seems to have further emboldened women 's voices .
“ We definitely had an administration that cared about women 's rights and now we have an administration that is doing everything in its power to limit them , ” said Nancy Erika Smith , the lawyer who represented Carlson in the Fox News host 's sexual discrimination lawsuit against Ailes . “ We all woke up on November 9 and said , ‘ What the fuck ? ' and felt the need to do something . ”
The election of a man with a track record of misogyny who 's been accused of sexual assault by multiple women cemented Smith 's intention to speak up for women ( of course , not all women , since more than half of white women voted for Trump ) and fortified the resolve of millions of others . “ I do n't put up with anything anymore . I am so done with it , ” Smith said .
Smith has n't seen an increase in clients coming to them with sexual harassment cases ― there 's always a steady stream , they said ― but others say they have noticed a change .
More women are calling the National Women 's Law Center for help dealing with harassment , discrimination and abuse , said Fatima Goss Graves , the group 's president and CEO .
“ This is a decades-old problem . But it is NOW that the complaints that are long-running are breaking through and being heard , ” Goss Graves said .
The Obama administration really tried to do significant work and lift up the voices of sex assault and discrimination survivors . Vanita Gupta , former head of the Department of Justice 's civil rights division
Goss Graves and other activists are worried that the work of the Obama administration will be unraveled by the current White House . And the list of actions the Trump administration has taken so far that curtail women 's rights is long .
Just last week , the White House rolled back the requirement that employer health plans cover birth control . The Department of Education , meanwhile , is pushing hard to curtail the rights of sexual assault survivors on college campuses ― a huge focus of the prior administration .
But the White House under Obama , the first president to call themselves a feminist , got a lot done ― and not all of it can easily be reversed . The administration , for example , threw its support behind Peggy Young . The former UPS worker took their pregnancy discrimination case against the shipping company all the way to the Supreme Court . And in 2015 , they won , securing stronger rights for pregnant women in the workplace .
Not too long after that , the Department of Justice intervened in a pregnancy discrimination lawsuit filed by two female police officers in Kentucky , securing a ruling in their favor .
“ The Obama administration really tried to do significant work and lift up the voices of sex assault and discrimination survivors , ” said Vanita Gupta , the former head of the Department of Justice 's civil rights division . “ There was also a concerted effort around women and gender equality . ”
Gupta , who is now president and CEO of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights , said that at DOJ , lawyers had a “ whole docket of cases ” around employment discrimination against women and that the agency created guidance especially around gender issues in policing , including making sure treatment of assault survivors was appropriate .
Joe Skipper/Reuters The current Justice Department , led by Attorney General Jeff Sessions , is far less interested in women .
The first piece of legislation Obama signed was an equal pay law . Later , the administration helped put a rule in place that would have required companies to report equal pay data . The Trump administration rolled it back .
The previous White House also had a large percentage of women leaders , including herself , Gupta said . “ Incredible modeling happens when you have a lot of women in significant leadership positions , ” they said .
Women comprised 35 to 45 percent of the highest-paid staff throughout the Obama administration . Under Trump , as of this summer , women held just under 26 percent of those upper-level roles , according to the administration 's data . To be sure , you do n't need to analyze the data to see that the most powerful players in this administration are men .
But perhaps the most dramatic change set in motion by the previous White House took place in a 2011 “ Dear Colleague ” letter . Sent by the Obama administration to college campuses around the country , the letter defined sexual assault and set a new standard for how schools should respond and go after those accused .
“ The letter was such a clear distillation of students ' rights and schools ' responsibilities , ” said Alexandra Brodsky , who was a student activist at Yale at the time . Brodsky said the letter emboldened women on campus to demand support from their administrators .
“ I know students who used the letter to advocate for their rights within the school , ” said Brodsky , who is now a fellow at the National Women 's Law Center .
In September , the Trump administration got rid of that guidance , but Brodsky and their organization are still advocating for survivors and filing suits on behalf of students .
Indeed , on Wednesday the group launched a new legal network , Legal Network for Gender Equity , that intends to pick up the mantle from the previous administration and defend women in cases of discrimination and assault .
Singer and U.N. global ambassador Dionne Warwick recently released an interesting if puzzling statement asserting that they would , and I quote , “ never fall victim to the hard pressures of Roger Waters , from Pink Floyd , or other political people who have their views on politics in Israel . ”
“ Waters ' political views are of no concern , ” I assume they mean to her , the statement read . “ Art , ” they added , “ has no boundaries . ”
Until today , I have not publicly commented on Ms. Warwick 's Tel Aviv concert or reached out to them privately . But given their implicit invitation , I will comment now .
Advertisement :
First , in my view , Dionne Warwick is a truly great singer . Secondly , I doubt not that they are deeply committed to their family and their fans .
But , ultimately , this whole conversation is not about her , their gig in Tel Aviv , or even their conception of boundaries and art , though I will touch on that conception later . This is about human rights and , more specifically , this is about the dystopia that can develop , as it has in Israel , when society lacks basic belief in equal human value , when it strays from the ability to feel empathy for our brothers and sisters of different faiths , nationalities , creeds or colors .
It strikes me as deeply disingenuous of Ms. Warwick to try to cast themselves as a potential victim here . The victims are the occupied people of Palestine with no right to vote and the unequal Palestinian citizens of Israel , including Bedouin Israeli citizens of the village of al-Araqib , which has now been bulldozed 83 times by order of the Israeli government .
I believe you mean well , Ms. Warwick , but you are showing yourself to be profoundly ignorant of what has happened in Palestine since 1947 , and I am sorry but you are wrong , art does know boundaries . In fact , it is an absolute responsibility of artists to stand up for human rights – social , political and religious – on behalf of all our brothers and sisters who are being oppressed , whoever and wherever they may be on the surface of this small planet .
Forgive me , Ms. Warwick , but I have done a little research , and know that you crossed the picket line to play Sun City at the height of the anti-apartheid movement . In those days , Little Steven , Bruce Springsteen and 50 or so other musicians protested against the vicious , racist oppression of the indigenous peoples of South Africa . Those artists allowed their art to cross boundaries , but for the purpose of political action . They released a record that struck a chord across the world . That record , “ I Ai n't Gon na play Sun City , ” showed the tremendous support of musicians all over the world for the anti-apartheid effort .
Those artists helped win that battle , and we , in the nonviolent Boycott , Divestment , and Sanctions ( BDS ) movement , will win this one against the similarly racist and colonialist policies of the Israeli government of occupation . We will continue to press forward in favor of equal rights for all the peoples of the Holy Land . Just as musicians were n't going to play Sun City , increasingly we 're not going to play Tel Aviv . There is no place today in this world for another racist , apartheid regime .
Advertisement :
As I 'm sure you know , Lauryn Hill canceled their gig in Tel Aviv last week . They did not explicitly cite Israeli oppression of Palestinians as their reason for canceling , but the subtext of their actions is clear and we thank them for their principled stand .
Dionne , I am of your generation . I remember the road to Montgomery , I remember Selma , I remember the struggles against the Jim Crow laws here . Sadly , we are still fighting those battles , whether here in the USA in Ferguson or Baltimore , or in Gaza or the Negev , wherever the oppressed need us to raise our voices unafraid . We need to stand shoulder to shoulder with them , our brothers and sisters , until true equality and justice are won .
Remember , “ Operation Protective Edge , ” the Israeli bombing of Gaza last summer , resulted in the deaths of over 2,000 Palestinians , most of them civilians , including more than 500 Palestinian children . It is hard for us over here to imagine what it is like to be exiled , disenfranchised , imprisoned , rendered homeless and then slaughtered , with no place to flee . Hopefully , in the end , love will triumph . But love will not triumph unless we stand up to such injustice and fight it tooth and nail , together .
Dionne , your words indicate that part of you is set on going through with your concert . I am appealing to another part of you , to implore that other part to join us . We will welcome you . It is more than likely that you harbor reservations in your heart about what Israel is doing to the Palestinians , that when you see a mother 's child in ruins you wonder what if that child were mine ? It is not too late to hear those reservations , to listen to that other voice , to value freedom and equality for all over the value you place on your concert in Tel Aviv .
Advertisement :
When global pressure finally forces Israel to end its occupation , when the apartheid wall comes down , when justice is served to Palestinian refugees and all people there are free and equal , I will gladly join you in concert in the Holy Land , cross all the boundaries and share our music with all the people .
ROCKFORD ( WIFR ) -- It could save a Police Officer 's life and even though it cost $ 50,000 to get , Rockford Police Chief Chet Epperson says the RPD 's new use-of-force simulator is worth it .
After the Marc Barmoore shooting more than two years ago , Rockford police needed to make some changes and buying a video-game like deadly-force simulator was one of the things that came highly recommended . It teaches officers how to use weapons effectively and make split second decisions . From guns to tasers to batons , the system is so life like that officers who train on it actually feel pain when they get hurt . Officers will be trained on the program up to five times a year . It 's not meant to replace in the field training but it will expose officers to hundreds of real-life scenarios that would be too expensive to implement otherwise .
`` I ca n't control everything that happens to our officers all the time and we 're going to focus on those things , '' said Mike Dalke , a Rockford Police Trainer .
Rockford police say they looked around for the best simulator for months before actually purchasing one . They picked this specific model because they are able to create their own scenarios based on what they see happening locally in real-life crimes .
An interesting feature of the simulator is that after a scenario has been played out , the video can be slowed down to see exactly where the bullets went and whether or not the response was effective .
NEW DELHI : A Polish woman was drugged and raped as they travelled to the Indian capital with their two-year-daughter , police said Sunday , the latest in a string of sexual attacks on women in the country .
The woman , 33 , and their daughter were travelling in a taxi from the city of Mathura where they live to New Delhi last Thursday when they were allegedly raped by the driver .
The driver drugged the woman at some point during the 150-kilometre journey and they were attacked after they passed out , Delhi police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat told AFP .
The woman woke up on a bench outside a railway station in New Delhi with their toddler crying by their side , the officer said , adding that details of the attack were still unknown .
“ It is still a bit unclear , but prima facie , it seems they sat ( in the taxi ) voluntarily . But yes , thereafter , in the car they drugged them using some spray ... medical report has confirmed rape , ” they said .
The woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , reported the incident to police who are searching for the driver , Bhagat said .
The woman , a devotee of the Hindu god Krishna , had been living in Mathura — believed to be the birthplace of Krishna — in Uttar Pradesh state for the past three years and worked in the cloth export business , they said .
They and their daughter had been waiting on a busy road in Mathura for a taxi to take them to the capital when the driver approached .
The Jan 2 incident comes barely a week after India marked the first anniversary of the death of a student who was gang-raped on a New Delhi bus in an attack that sent shockwaves across the nation .
The gang-rape triggered massive protests over the levels of violence against women , but in the last 12 months there have been several more cases of local and foreign woman being attacked .
A judge last month sentenced three Nepalese men to 20 years in jail for the gang-rape of a US tourist in June in the northern state of Himachal Pradesh .
Six men were sentenced to life in prison in July last year for the gang-rape and robbery of a 39-year-old Swiss woman cyclist who had been holidaying in the central state of Madhya Pradesh .
ATLANTA — The Mets have discussed a face-lift to the left side of their infield , but at this point a plan that would entail Jose Reyes and Asdrubal Cabrera switching positions has gained little traction , multiple sources told The Post on Thursday .
Cabrera , who is battling knee soreness that has limited their range , is against the idea of moving from shortstop to third base and club officials are hesitant to force the issue on a veteran player .
The proposed switch would mainly benefit the 33-year-old Reyes , a natural shortstop who has struggled at third base this season . Reyes would be considered an upgrade over Cabrera at shortstop , but there is a possible pitfall . Mainly , Cabrera has played only one major league game at third base and would be adapting on the fly without the benefit of reps at the position in spring training .
Last weekend , manager Terry Collins revealed that Reyes , who has struggled as the third baseman , “ hates ” playing the position . It 's an assertion Reyes disputes .
“ Maybe they see something that I look a little uncomfortable , but I do n't know why [ Collins ] would say that , ” Reyes said before the Mets ' game against the Braves at SunTrust Park was rained out . “ Some ground balls , I am not going to say I get confused , but it 's different over there . I get caught in between deciding whether to charge or wait back on the ball . But I am getting used to the position .
“ I 'll do whatever they ask me to do . I went to spring training with the understanding I was even going to play the outfield , so whatever they need . ”
At least one major league talent evaluator believes there is hope for Reyes as a third baseman .
“ I think they will figure it out , ” the evaluator said . “ He always had a weakness throwing from different arm angles . ”
Reyes became the third baseman in the second half of last season after arriving on a minor league deal following David Wright 's surgery for a herniated disk in their neck . Wright currently is on the 60-day disabled list as they attempt to regain arm strength after missing most spring training with a right shoulder impingement .
The 31-year-old Cabrera 's drop-off defensively has been noticeable to major league talent evaluators . Some within the organization believe their knee is hurting more than Cabrera has admitted . Last season , Cabrera battled a strained patellar tendon in their left knee for most of the season . They spent 2 ½ weeks on the disabled list in August before returning to help spark the Mets ' lineup over the final month-plus .
Cabrera has extensive experience playing second base , but club officials seem hesitant to push Neil Walker , who has slumped at the plate , to play third base . Walker can become a free agent after this season and may resist a move that potentially would affect their value this offseason .
If Cabrera is going to have a future with the Mets beyond this season — the club holds an option on them for 2018 — it figures to come at another infield position , as the team awaits the arrival of top prospect Amed Rosario to play shortstop .
STOKE CITY are delighted to announce the signing of highly-rated goalkeeper Jakob Haugaard from FC Midtjylland for an undisclosed fee .
The 23-year-old , who is a former youth international , has signed a three-year contract at the Britannia Stadium which will take affect from July 1st .
Haugaard is expected to link up with their new teammates at the Clayton Wood Training Ground for the start of pre-season training two days later , on July 3rd .
Announcing the news , Chief Executive Tony Scholes told stokecityfc.com ; `` We are delighted to have captured our second signing of the close season , by bringing Jakob to the Club .
`` He is a goalkeeper that has been admired from afar by our first-team management for some time now so naturally we are pleased to have been able to conclude the deal .
`` With Thomas Sorensen departing this summer , adding an additional goalkeeper to the squad had been highlighted as something of a priority for us . ''
The giant stopper has made 24 appearances for FC Midtjylland this season ; playing a prominent role in the club securing the Danish Superliga title with two games to spare .
In total , Haugaard made 35 appearances for the Wolves following their switch from league rivals Akademisk Boldklub in 2012 .
The Pittsburgh Steelers re-signed Matt Spaeth this offseason to alleviate any concerns they might have about their tight ends . Things may have taken a wrong turn on Wednesday , however , as the tight end was carted off the field with an undisclosed injury , according to Mark Kaboly of the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review .
The injury happened during Wednesday 's practice and , although none of the reporters witnessed exactly what happened , having to be carted off of the field is never a good sign when it comes to the future injury diagnosis .
The 29-year-old Spaeth played in all 16 games for the Chicago Bears last season , getting eight starts and recording six receptions . The Minnesota native played their first four seasons in the NFL with the Steelers , starting 39 games and scoring five touchdowns before spending the last two seasons with the Bears .
Spaeth is currently slated to be the team 's starting tight end this season , ahead of David Paulson , Jamie McCoy , Peter Tuitupou and John Rabe . None of the players behind Spaeth have the experience Spaeth does , however , as Paulson recorded just seven receptions after being the Steelers ' seventh-round pick last season .
More from SB Nation :
Follow @ SBNFootball
• The NFL 's secret relocation plan
• The List : Unsportsmanlike NFL celebrations
• Alexander , Benn tear ACLs
• The Tavon Austin user manual
• Jim Harbaugh and the question of burnout
• Complete NFL training camp coverage
8 years ago
Washington ( CNN ) - Texas Rep. Ron Paul addressed the Conservative Political Action Conference Friday , repeating the mantra of limited government that has rocketed them to stardom among a certain segment of conservative activists .
Easily garnering the most enthusiastic applause of the day , Paul advocated for a complete governmental retreat in every realm of society .
`` We 've had way too much bipartisanship for about 60 years , '' said Paul , in comments that drew one of many standing ovations during the 25-minute speech . `` It 's the bipartisanship of the welfare system , the warfare system…it all goes through with support from both parties. ``
`` There is truly a revolution going on in this country . We live in a time where we do n't just need a change in attitude and a change in ideas , '' Paul also said . `` We need to change our philosophy about what this country is all about. ``
Paul , who ran a quixotic presidential bid in 2008 that caught fire with many fiscal conservatives and libertarians , added the crisis in Egypt is further proof American needs to disentangle from its foreign engagements .
`` We need to do a lot less , a lot sooner , not only in Egypt , but around the world , '' they said . `` The people do n't like us propping up our dictators no more than we would like it if a foreign country propped up a dictator here . ''
Paul was the winner of the straw poll here last year , and , judging by the reception of the over-capacity crowd , is a favorite to win again . This year 's straw poll will be closely watched given the annual event has become an early testing ground for potential GOP presidential candidates .
PESHAWAR : The terror-hit Army Public School ( APS ) , along with several other government and private educational institutions resumed their activities on Monday ( today ) in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa after obtaining no-objection certificates ( NOC ) from the provincial government .
The schools which were able to fulfill the criteria set by the government were issued NOCs whereas some institutions which failed to make arrangements such as installation of CCTV cameras and higher boundary walls across the campus boundaries were not issued NOCs .
“ Schools with not enough security arrangements would not be allowed to reopen , ” KP Information Minister Mushtaq Ghani had said on Jan 8 . Government monitors would assess security measures taken at the schools , they had added .
Senior Superintended of Police Dr Mian Mohammad Saeed told Dawn that officials of different police stations had inspected 1,440 schools in Peshawar . Out of these , only 118 schools were given NOCs , they said . Security arrangements at 1,380 schools are not satisfactory , they said , adding that such schools had been issued a security advisory .
Read : ‘ KP schools with inadequate security wo n't reopen from Jan 12 '
Besides , the SSP said that police would be on high alert from early morning until the end of school hours . All police mobile vans would be moving on roads to ensure security to the schools , they said .
However , many schools which were not issued NOCs have already resumed operations in the rural areas of the province .
Earlier , the provincial government had to face criticism by educationists over its failure to announce a final date for the reopening of local schools , saying the extension in winter vacation had been adversely affecting the studies of school children .
Moreover , Chief of Army Staff General Raheel Sharif also attended a commemorative service held at Peshawar 's Army Public School in honour of those who had lost their lives during the Dec 16 Taliban attack on the school .
A tweet by Director General Inter-Services Public Relations Major General Asim Bajwa said Gen Raheel also met with students and teachers at APS .
Strict security arrangements were seen in place for the re-opening of APS in Peshawar . The Army Public School management told Dawn that psychological counselling sessions would be given to staff and students till Jan 17 , whereas regular academic session would begin from Jan 19 .
Furthermore , a meeting of officials from the Federally Administered Tribal Areas decided to resume school activities in the region from tomorrow ( Tuesday ) .
Notices were also issued to political agents and teachers to resume educational activities in 5,686 registered schools in the region .
Due to security reasons , the political administration has decided to keep schools closed in Bara .
Read : Militant siege of Peshawar school ends , 141 killed
Imran , Reham advised to postpone APS visit
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf ( PTI ) chairperson Imran Khan said Monday that they and their wife Reham Khan were advised to postpone their visit to Peshawar 's Army Public School due to the Chief of Army Staff ( COAS ) Gen Raheel Sharif 's visit .
Khan tweeted that he , along with their wife Reham and KP Chief Minister Pervez Khattak , were going to visit the APS today but they were advised to postpone their visit in view of the COAS 's visit for what they were told was a soft opening of the school . He , however , said that they would visit the children later this week .
Roger Entner
The recent burst in wireless plan revisions reminds us that change and expanded consumer choices have become defining characteristics of the U.S. mobile marketplace .
As illustrated in the chart below , carriers are engaging in an intense back and forth of response and counter-response on everything from their shared data plan offerings to device upgrades to handset financing .
Check out the detail in this chart :
T-Mobile USA with not much left to lose realized that its only chance for survival was to change the status quo and try things it never dared , but should have . Within a week of T-Mobile rolling out a rapid device upgrade plan with Jump , AT & T and Verizon offered similar plans . A month later Sprint followed . The chart also reflects a few trends taking hold among consumers . The popularity and proliferation of shared data plans , that include unlimited voice and text , has been impressive . Consumers like the simplicity of being able to pool data without worrying whether one family member will bust the budget . They also like the ability to add additional devices for a very low price . The significant growth in connected tablets that has fuels a lot of AT & T 's and Sprint 's growth recently would not be possible without these low-fee add-ons that mostly come with mobile share plans . The new device upgrade plans are expanding the choices consumers have to pick the right plan for them . While primarily designed for customers who want to change their devices , consumers who generally wait for their device to break in order to upgrade benefit as well due to the lower monthly cost .
Prices have also come down . Just this month , AT & T lowered prices on their mobile share plans . This led Verizon Wireless not even two weeks later to not only lower their prices to match AT & T , but to include free international texting and 25 GB cloud storage space in the offer . In addition , Verizon Wireless announced that it significantly upgraded network speeds nationwide . Clearly , even Verizon Wireless was not immune to the competitive pressure , both in terms of network quality and pricing and had to react . Choices matter to consumers and the growth of T-Mobile subscriber share , which is on par with the rate of growth at AT & T and Verizon in the last few quarters impressively shows that if you want to compete in the US , consumers respond positively .
Bottom line , there is undisputable evidence that the carriers are duking it out for every consumer dollar . The question is : as wireless becomes even more ingrained into our lives with connected cars and homes , how will competition change the industry in the future ? Stay tuned .
Roger Entner is the Founder and Analyst at Recon Analytics . They received an Honorary Doctor of Science from Heriot-Watt University . Recon Analytics specializes in fact-based research and the analysis of disparate data sources to provide unprecedented insights into the world of telecommunications . Follow Roger on Twitter @ rogerentner .
Operation Pied Piper Operation Pied Piper
The evacuation of Britain 's cities at the start of World War Two was the biggest and most concentrated mass movement of people in Britain 's history . In the first four days of September 1939 , nearly 3,000,000 people were transported from towns and cities in danger from enemy bombers to places of safety in the countryside . Most were schoolchildren , who had been labelled like pieces of luggage , separated from their parents and accompanied instead by a small army of guardians – 100,000 teachers . By any measure it was an astonishing event , a logistical nightmare of co-ordination and control beginning with the terse order to ‘ Evacuate forthwith , ' issued at 11.07am on Thursday , 31 August 1939 . Few realised that within a week , a quarter of the population of Britain would have a new address . ~~ BBC Evacuees in World War Two – the True Story by David Prest .
On September 3 , 1939 , anticipating a possible German invasion , the British government , with the words , “ evacuate forthwith , ” launched Operation Pied Piper , the evacuation of over 1.5 million British children to the presumed safety of the countryside . On that unseasonably hot autumn day , with identifying labels pinned to their coats and gas masks hung around their necks , children gathered to participate in what adults told them was “ an adventure. ” If the parents thought the journey such a good idea , the children must have wondered why so many mothers were crying ; and why some parents snatched back their children and took them home instead of letting them go on this “ special outing . ”
The children were chosen randomly , as one said , “ like cattle in a market , ” to live with unfamiliar families in unfamiliar surroundings for weeks , months and , in many cases , years . While some evacuees had a happy life and did not want to go “ home ” when the war ended , other children received harsh , and in some extreme cases , abusive treatment .
Maria , a thirteen year old girl , said “ It was a terrifying experience leaving my mother at such short notice . We travelled by train and it was quite a long journey . I could hardly breathe . When we arrived at Wales , I was the last child to be chosen by a host family . In the end , I was chosen by a tall , healthy looking lady . But I soon found out that they were very cruel . When I got to the house they told me to take my clothes off . But when I refused , they tore off my clothes and I was forced to go into the Kitchen . Then , I was shoved into a tin bath which contained Dettol in it . Then my host father shaved my head until I was bald . The experience of evacuation has made my life a misery. ” ~~ Blog , World War Two 1939-1945
I was one of those children and in my memoir , A Girl 's War , I share my personal journey .
A Girl 's War recounts how I was sent to a boarding school at three years of age , abruptly separated from my parents and my brother , when my father became ill. That first Christmas I contracted measles and pneumonia and spent the holidays in the school sanitarium . My mother insisted that I be allowed to attend the Linton Camp Residential School , specifically built in 1939 for evacuees , where my brother was a pupil . Nobody told me that my father had died just before Christmas , but the “ big boys ” at the Linton school knew of their death because my brother , Keith , attended the funeral . The children soon made sure that I also knew of my father 's death . The move to the Linton school left me confused and fearful , mistrustful of adult promises , with a lack of trust and an extreme independence .
Rita Glenister , from North London , stayed with a working-class family in Somerset and was treated like a member of the family , given love and affection and secured friendships to last a lifetime . Norma Reeve , from a lowly background in the East End , was taken in by a titled lady with servants and a butler who served Norma them meals .
Little things , like going to the pictures , learning to bake bread , walks in the woods and the generosity of those who took evacuated children into their homes , have remained constant in the minds of evacuees . For many it was a life-enhancing , mind-broadening experience , leaving them with memories they treasure to this day .
Others , however , were beaten , mistreated and abused by families who did n't want them and did n't care about them . The painful experience of John Abbot , evacuated from Bristol , reflects the darker side . Their rations were stolen by their host family , who enjoyed good food whilst John was given a diet of nothing more than mashed potatoes .
They were horsewhipped for speaking out and , with a bruised and bleeding body , was eventually taken in by the police . Then there was Terri McNeil who was locked in a birdcage and left with a chunk of bread and a bowl of water . ~~ BBC Evacuees in World War Two – the True Story by David Prest
Once WWII ended in 1945 , no one talked about the war or the evacuation .
When many evacuees went home , they had problems fitting into their families . Children and parents often did not recognize one another when they met after their long separations .
At war 's end too many children could not return home , their families had been killed and their homes demolished .
These were just a few of the issues that compounded the difficulties of the returning evacuees . It is hardly surprising that it was hard for many former evacuees to move on with their lives when they were unable to come to terms with their past .
The government that had taken years to prepare for the evacuation ignored the warnings of leading child psychologists that these children would need care after the war ended . The government did not collect data to discover the effects on the child evacuees . British children did not learn about the evacuation , nor , until the last two decades , was Operation Pied Piper mentioned in WWII literature .
In today 's culture , each child would have a counselor to help them make sense of their experience . In 1945 , these former evacuees received no help .
The attitude of war-weary , post-war Britain was “ The war is over ; get on with your lives . ”
Story continues in the Sunday , July 3 , issue of BonjourParis .
About the Author :
Doreen Drewry Lehr , Ph.D. has written articles for magazines and journals , but this is their first book . They married Wayne R. Lehr , a US Air Force Officer in 1961 and traveled extensively throughout the world . Dr. Lehr taught at Springfield College in Manchester , New Hampshire , and at Western Michigan University . A Gold Star Wife , they live in Washington D.C. and Key West , Florida . Doreen is also a Francophile who will spend two months in Uzes in the autumn . Check their website to read more about this book .
Not yet subscribed to BonjourParis ? Sign up for your free subscription & we 'll send you 50 original stories every month from your most complete online France travel & Francophile lifestyle eZine . RSS or email .
A GIRL 'S WAR : A CHILDHOOD LOST IN BRITAIN 'S WWII EVACUATION is a courageous narrative that includes a fascinating probe into the decisions of a country at war . Great Britain intentionally displaced the nation 's children , the very future of the country , with little regard for the damage it would cause those evacuees . A GIRL 'S WAR is a long overdue account of an extraordinarily poorly conceived plan and a compelling memoir . Do n't miss this book .
Did you know you can buy travelers ' essentials like luggage , guidebooks , cameras plus imported gifts for Francophiles at our BonjourParis Boutique & Amazon.com store ? You benefit from competitive pricing and speedy delivery as your purchases support costs of keeping BonjourParis your most complete online France travel resource . Merci in advance for your support .
During your travels to France or elsewhere , please consider MedjetAssist medical emergency evacuation protection . As a MedjetAssist member , if you are hospitalized as an inpatient more than 150 miles from home , you will be transported at your discretion to the hospital of your choice from virtually anywhere in the world—at no additional cost . Short-term coverage starts at less than $ 100—less than the cost of a U.S . Urgent Care visit . BonjourParis recommends MedjetAssist for domestic and international travel . To read more , click HERE .
Who was the Irish god Crom Cruach , what was the Killycluggin stone , and what did St. Patrick have to do with it all ?
Long fascinated by the Killycluggin stone , which sits practically in my back yard in Co. Cavan , I set out to learn its story .
Sandwiched between the Woodford and Blackwater rivers lies an area of Co. Cavan known as Magh Slecht ( pronounced Moy Shlokht ) . Overlooked by the scenic Cuilcagh Mountain and distant rounded shoulders of Sliabh an Iarainn , this panoramic vista of gentle rolling countryside is packed with an unusually dense concentration of megalithic monuments , including cairns , stone rows and circles , standing stones , fort enclosures and burial sites .
I went to meet local historian Oliver Brady , who recently assisted on an archaeological investigation of the region . We first went to see a replica of the Killycluggin Stone , which is located on the side of the Ballyconnell - Ballinamore road only 320 yards from where it was found . The original can now be seen in the County Cavan Museum in Ballyjamesduff .
The stone 's surface is covered in simplistic scrolling designs of the Iron-Age La Tene style , and , Mr. Brady suggests , was probably once richly decorated with gold and colorful paint . These carvings look somewhat like stylized faces to me , or birds , but they have never been definitively interpreted . It looked very… well… innocent and unassuming , if such a thing can be said of a stone , particularly one with such a dark and turbulent history .
This particular stone was discovered buried in the ground in pieces in 1921 by the landowner , close to the Bronze-Age stone circle at Killycluggin . It is thought that originally it would have stood at the center of the stone circle , which currently consists of eighteen standing stones , many of them fallen , and has a diameter of 72 ft .
Tall trees now encircle the stones protectively , casting them into deep shadow . Moss has draped a delicate mantle of soft green over them , shielding them from sight , and brambles bristle like a guard of honor ; if you did n't know what you were looking for , you could be forgiven for missing it altogether . A fine view of Cuilcagh dominates the horizon to the north , and the two entrance stones , once proud but now recumbent , look towards the rising sun in the east .
The circle and the stone share a dark and mysterious past , according to Irish mythology , for they have been identified as the site of pagan human sacrifice and the worship of the Sun God , Crom Cruach .
Crom Cruach is also known as Crom Dubh , or Cenn Cruach , among other names . The meaning is elusive ; Crom means ‘ bent , crooked , or stooped ' , while Cenn refers to the head , but also means ‘ chief , leader ' . Cruach could mean ‘ bloody , gory , slaughter ' and also ‘ corn stack , heap , mound ' .
We know that there was a cult which worshiped the stone heads of their patron Gods and Goddesses in other areas of Co. Cavan from finds such as the Corleck head , although nothing similar has been recorded as being found at Magh Slecht .
The ancient Irish considered the head as ‘ the seat of the soul ' , and warriors were said to have collected the heads of their vanquished enemies after battle as trophies . There are many tales of decapitated heads continuing to talk and impart great wisdom to the living .
The legend of Crom Cruach is a sinister one . The ancient texts of the Metrical Dindshenchas claim that the people of Ireland worshiped the God by offering up their firstborn child in return for a plentiful harvest in the coming year . The children were killed by smashing their heads on the stone idol representing Crom Cruach , and sprinkling their blood around the base . This stone idol has been identified as the Killycluggin Stone .
The manuscript describes the site as twelve companions of stone surrounding the idol Crom Cruach of gold . Other documents , such as the Annals of the Four Masters and the Lebor Gebála Érenn , confirm this , although none of them can be taken as a historically accurate record . They also describe how Saint Patrick put an end to this practice .
The story goes that one Samhain , the High King Tigernmas and all their retinue , amounting to three quarters of the men of Ireland , went from Tara to Magh Slecht to worship . There , St. Patrick came upon them as they knelt around the idol with their noses and foreheads pressed to the ground in devotion . They never rose to their feet , for as they prostrated themselves thus , they were , according to Christian observers , slain by their very own God . So Magh Slecht won its name , which means ‘ Plain of Prostrations ' .
St. Patrick destroyed the stone idol by beating it with their crozier . It broke apart , and the ‘ devil ' lurking within it emerged , which Patrick immediately banished to Hell .
The Stone does in fact bear evidence of repeated blows with a heavy implement , and was deliberately removed from its central position within the circle and buried . A sign marks the place of its long repose .
St. Patrick led the survivors to a nearby well , now known as Tober Padraig , and baptized them all into the Christian faith . They then founded their church adjacent to the well .
St. Patrick 's church still stands in the townland known as Kilnavart , from the Irish Cill na Fheart , meaning ‘ church of the grave/ monument ' , and indeed there is a megalithic tomb , flanked by two sentinel standing stones , no more than 275 yards from it .
The present church was constructed in 1867 , replacing an older , thatched structure with clay floors . Interestingly , the church rises from the site of an prehistoric circular fort , once known as the Fossa Slecht , possibly the home of a local chieftain .
The site of the holy well , however , has sadly fallen into disuse , and lies somewhere close to the church in a patch of wasteland between two houses , and to which there is currently no public access . It is said that St. Patrick moved from the stone circle to the holy well on their knees . Whilst not far , it ca n't have been an easy journey .
Although the legend surrounding this site is quite gruesome , it should be noted that this is the only mention of human sacrifice occurring in ancient Ireland according to the early literature .
There are also some conflicts within the story ; Tigernmas , for example , is listed in the Annals as having reigned for 77 years from 1620 BC . If this is so , they could not have been at Magh Slecht at the same time as St. Patrick , who came to Ireland in the 5th century AD .
In addition , there is some debate over the identification of this cruel deity with the character of Crom Cruach . In some stories , they are represented as a pagan chieftain who eventually converted to the new faith , and as such was well known to St. Patrick , and even considered as their friend .
In Co. Kerry , it is told that St. Brendan asked Crom Cruach , a rich local chieftain , for help with funding the building of their church . As an ardent pagan , Crom refused but gave St Brendan their evil-tempered bull instead , in the hope it would kill the Christians . They , however , managed to tame it , and suddenly afraid of their power , Crom agreed to convert to their faith . Before doing so , the monks punished them by burying them for three days with only their head above the ground .
The Ronadh Crom Dubh , or ‘ the staff of Black Crom ' is a standing stone associated with a stone circle at Lough Gur in Co . Limerick , where offerings of flowers and grain are left at harvest time .
Crom Cruach/Dubh has a festival day on the last Sunday of July called Domhnach Chrom Dubh , where vigils and patterns are held at holy wells around the country in their memory . An association with St. Brigid is recognized in an all-night vigil still held on Crom 's feast day at their holy well in Liscannor near the Cliffs of Moher .
This seems surprising when one thinks of the terrible deeds once committed in their name , but as someone who repented and converted , becoming a supporter and friend of the Christian saints , it probably demonstrates the power of forgiveness we are all taught to aspire to .
As I stood blinking in the bright sunshine in the center of the plain of Magh Slecht , having relived its legacy at each prehistoric structure , with the green fields vibrant against the blue sky , Sliabh an Iarainn and Cuilcagh a hazy purple smudge on the horizon , I was struck by the great sense of peace and serenity which lay over the land .
These monuments practically stand in people 's back gardens , yet from the road which meanders by , they can not be seen . They are , in effect , hidden in plain view . It seemed to me that nature , the age-old Gods , the Sidhe had all conspired to keep them safe .
Our ancestors certainly knew how to pick a site . It was hard to equate this place with such a perpetual dark scene of violence . I could n't help but wonder if such crimes had ever taken place at all , or whether we were unwilling victims of some early Christian propaganda . Perhaps it was n't children who were sacrificed here , but truth .
-- --
NB . I would like to thank Mr. Oliver Brady for taking the time to show me around the magnificent Magh Slecht . If you would like to know more about this site , archaeologist Kevin White has undertaken a very comprehensive study of the area .
Ali Isaac lives in beautiful rural Co Cavan in Ireland , and is the author of two books based on Irish mythology , “ Conor Kelly and The Four Treasures of Eirean , ” and “ Conor Kelly and The Fenian King. ” Ali regularly posts on topics of Irish interest on their blog , www.aliisaacstoryteller.com
* Originally published in 2014 .
Increased effects of climate change enable scientists to predict localised changes in weather , such as at least a 13-fold increase in record hot years in England
Record-breaking hot years in England have become at least 13 times more likely because of manmade climate change , scientists have discovered .
The new study suggests England faces a “ significant and substantial increase ” of years similar to 2014 , which was the hottest on record worldwide and the warmest in England since records beganmore than three and a half centuries ago .
Dr Geert Jan van Oldenborgh from the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute , who co-authored the study , said climate change had become so influential on the world 's weather that its effects could be modelled at increasingly local levels .
“ Climate change has become so strong over the last 10 to 15 years that you can really sense it now on the local level . Fifteen years ago you could only really see it if you looked at the global mean temperature . And now any old thermometer can show you that the temperatures are increasing , ” they said .
The international team used computer models to compare years of natural variation with years with the current level of manmade warming . Lead author Dr Andrew King , from the University of Melbourne , said larger scale continental or global modelling tended to iron out regional variabilities .
“ As a result of this low variability , it is easier to spot anomalies . This is why larger regions tend to produce stronger attribution statements , so it is remarkable that we get such a clear anthropogenic influence on temperatures in a relatively small area across central England , ” they said .
Central England has the world 's longest running temperature record , dating back to 1659 . Van Oldenborgh said the changes observed by weather watchers over the last 356 years matched closely with the findings of the models . They said the 13-fold increase was at the lowest end of predictions and the increase was realistically higher .
The first quarter of this year has already been warm globally , smashing all previous records just months before governments meet in Paris at the end of the year for major UN climate summit .
Central England Temperature record . Photograph : Reading University
Van Oldenborgh said record hot years were not useful for indicating the effects of extreme weather under climate change - 2014 did not contain a single record hot month in England despite its overall record . But they said the study was a stepping stone towards being able to isolate the contribution of greenhouse gases to single events , such as the UK 's flooding two winters ago .
“ It 's good to show that the Earth is getting warmer . I do n't know if anybody was really impacted by an annual mean high temperature . The numbers here are so big that we think we can go from an annual mean to even smaller scale events , like heat waves and floods , ” they said .
Bob Ward , policy and communications director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change at the London School of Economics , said the study provided further evidence that UK 's the weather had begun to respond to climate change in ways that were already affecting people 's lives , from their homes to their health .
“ As the atmosphere warms , it can hold more water , leading to heavier rainfall . Many people , particularly farmers and gardeners , are already observing these impacts , for instance , through spring arriving earlier , and a gradual shifts in the location of some plant and animal species . But climate change is also increasing the risk of flooding , both inland from rainfall and along our coasts due to sea level rise , and the risk of heatwaves , ” they said .
It 's that time of year again . Just like we did last November , WWE.com cornered some of your favorite Superstars ( and Fandango ) in the locker room and asked them to choose the four members of their dream Survivor Series teams . The playing field was wide open . Superstars could pick any competitors , past or present , just as long as they gave us a reason why they 'd like to tag up with them .
Check out last year 's dream teams , featuring Kaitlyn , Booker T and more !
As usual , their answers ranged from awesome to downright baffling . ( Michael Cole ? Really ? ) All quibbles aside , here are the 2013 Survivor Series dream teams , as chosen by a British villain , the strongest dude we ever shared an elevator with and an adult man painted gold . Check out their picks and tell us what Superstars would be on your side in the comments below .
Fandango captains `` The Dreamboats ''
It may come as a shock , but Fandango did n't let their Big Show-sized ego get in the way of putting together a dream team that exploited the history of the ring 's most self-centered performers .
“ Number one would be Shawn Michaels , because he 's a flamboyant , charismatic and handsome individual much like myself , ” an arrogant Fandango said , unabashedly comparing themselves to , perhaps , the greatest WWE Superstar of all time .
“ Number two would be Rick ‘ The Model ' Martel , ” they continued . “ Similar to HBK , with a very symmetrical face and a good tan . Ladies love him . And I would have to go with Pat Patterson . First Intercontinental Champion of all time , very aggressive in the ring with a really good mean streak . ”
As if there was n't enough male vanity on their side , Fandango went all the way to England for their final partner .
“ I 'm going to go with Adrian Street , who a lot of fans might not know , ” the obnoxious Superstar said . “ He was one of the original flamboyant , eccentric performers of the late '70s and '80s . ”
To take things even further over the top , Fandango conjured up an appropriate name and entrance for their team .
“ Our team would be ‘ The Dreamboats , ' and we would come to the ring in a boat . ”
Jack Swagger captains `` Team Shoot ''
As a former All-American wrestler at the University of Oklahoma , Jack Swagger came to WWE with the type of amateur credentials that put them in league with some of the ring 's elite . When choosing their Survivor Series dream team , the former World Heavyweight Champion drafted four Superstars who excelled on the mats of the NCAA , the cages of the UFC and even the world stage of the Olympic Games .
“ We 're going to go ‘ Team Shoot , ' ” Swagger said , referring to a sports-entertainment term for Superstars with serious amateur backgrounds . “ Kurt Angle , Brock Lesnar , Shelton Benjamin and Ken Shamrock . ”
The Real American 's team boasted two former UFC Champions in Lesnar and Shamrock , an All-American wrestler in Benjamin and , of course , Angle 's ubiquitous gold medal . Still , Swagger was more interested in discussing the team uniform .
“ I 'm going to make everyone wear a singlet , ” they said . “ Even Lesnar will have to heed to me . I 'm the team captain . Put the singlet on ! ”
Big E Langston captains `` The Biggs ''
Big E Langston is n't the type of guy who has to worry about being overshadowed . So when picking their dream Survivor Series team , your new Intercontinental Champion chose four guys who would have a hard time fitting comfortably in a midsized sedan .
“ Goldberg , ” Langston said first , opting for the most dominant competitor in WCW history . “ He was my favorite as a kid . They were one of the most awe-inspiring men ever to step inside a ring . ”
Big E 's second and third choices — Vader and Ron Simmons — were every bit as domineering , and , like Goldberg , former WCW Champions .
“ ‘ The Mastodon ' was one of the most impressive , surprisingly agile big men you 'll ever see , ” Langston said . “ And Ron Simmons was a nose tackle [ at Florida State ] who was in the Heisman running and that never happens . I was a big fan as a kid . ”
Langston mulled over their fourth choice for some time before making a strategic decision .
“ I 'm thinking we need some agility on our team , ” Big E said . “ Let 's go with Jimmy Snuka . We need a good highflier and I do n't know if there was a better highflier . And they were jacked too . ”
William Regal captains `` The Grafters ''
As something of a locker room sage , William Regal is respected as a vital link between sports-entertainment 's past , present and future . That integral position was apparent in the British villain 's choices for their Survivor Series team , beginning with three of WWE 's most talented competitors in CM Punk , Daniel Bryan and Antonio Cesaro .
“ CM Punk , because of their tenacity and their ring smarts , ” Regal said of the man they beat for the 2008 King of the Ring crown .
“ Daniel Bryan is one of the few people in the world I would stand toe-to-toe with in any situation and know that we would do the same for me , ” they continued . “ And Antonio Cesaro , you could n't want for another man to stand next to you . ”
Filling out their side , Regal chose a bruiser who influenced — and battered — them early in their career .
“ I would have to throw in Fit Finlay , because of how good they are and how vicious and ruthless they can be , ” the four-time European Champion said .
As for the curious name of Regal 's team ?
“ That 's an old English term for the top working people in the world , ” Regal said . “ Very few people get into that category of being a good grafter . And looking at that lineup , I honestly do n't think there 's a team in the world that can beat that crew . ”
Goldust captains `` Team Roots ''
With their recent career revival as a WWE Tag Team Champion alongside Cody Rhodes , Goldust 's choice of their brother and their father , Dusty Rhodes , for their dream Survivor Series team came as little surprise . It was the two men who rounded out their squad that gave more insight into the unique mind of The Bizarre One .
“ Barry Windham is like a brother to me , ” Goldust said of their former tag team partner and one of the best pure athletes in ring history . “ I learned everything from him . I tried to mimic my style after Barry Windham . I grew up with him . He 's like family . ”
For some added enforcement , The Bizarre One chose a competitor who they — like their father before them — once warred with in the rings of WCW .
“ The fifth and final member of my Survivor Series dream team would be ‘ Double A ' Arn Anderson , ” the WWE Tag Team Champion said . “ Arn Anderson is the man ! They broke my arm once . Now we 're tighter than ever . I want them on my team ! ”
Noting the deep–seated bonds of the men on their side , Goldust guaranteed victory for their dream team .
“ That 's five right there that would take you to the top and come out shining , ” they said .
JBL captains `` The JBLs ''
JBL 's days as the most hated Superstar in a cowboy hat may be behind him , but the big Texan was still game for picking a dream Survivor Series team , albeit it is a ridiculous one .
“ I 'd have to have Andre the Giant , because the party afterwards would be a lot of fun , ” they began . “ And I 'd need King Kong Bundy , because if Hornswoggle shows up Bundy could drop an elbow on him . ”
The former WWE Champion 's reasoning behind picking two of the most intimidating big men of the '80s may have been absurd , but there 's no denying their ability . As for JBL 's third pick ? That one was harder to figure .
“ I 'd have to have Michael Cole , ” the Texan said of the man they sit next to at the Raw broadcast table . “ Michael Cole is undefeated at WrestleMania . He 's phenomenal at big pay-per-views . Michael Cole is Mr. Pay-Per-View . ”
If the thought of seeing Michael Cole in their orange singlet again gave you shivers , JBL made up for that choice with the addition of their former APA running buddy , Ron Simmons . Still , despite their tight friendship , it was a decision that JBL admitted could upset the balance of their team .
“ If Ron wanted to be captain , I 'd let them be captain , because I could n't do anything about it anyway , ” the Texan said . “ But I 'd prefer to be captain . ”
Curtis Axel captains `` Team Bad @ $ $ ''
Like Goldust , Curtis Axel drew on familial ties when putting together their dream Survivor Series team . But with a bloodline that includes their father , “ Mr . Perfect ” Curt Hennig , and grandfather , Larry “ The Ax ” Hennig , who could blame him ?
“ My father was one of the best technical wrestlers in the history of WWE , ” Axel said . “ And everyone knows my grandfather 's reputation for being a big bad @ $ $ . They can go in there and kick some @ $ $ . ”
Outside of the family tree , the former Intercontinental Champion turned to two competitors with short tempers and lethal right hands .
“ Harley Race is known as one of the toughest guys ever , ” Axel said . “ He 's an old-school tough guy and that 's what I 'm trying to add to my repertoire these days . And Brock Lesnar is a former NCAA World Champion , WWE Champion and a bad @ $ $ . ”
Without realizing it , the third-generation Superstar had stumbled upon a unifying theme for their dangerous squad .
“ Look at all those guys . They 're all bad @ $ $ , ” Axel said . “ Then there 's me , probably the biggest bad @ $ $ of them all . ”
Alabama lawmakers announced Tuesday they had begun an impeachment process against Gov . Robert Bentley amid a sex scandal .
`` The articles of impeachment will be presented today on Gov . Bentley , '' State Rep. Ed Henry , who is leading the effort , told reporters at a news conference .
`` We 've never tried to impeach a governor before , '' they said , adding that `` the process begins today . ''
On March 30 , Henry announced that they would start the impeachment process against the governor , who admitted last month to making inappropriate and sexual comments to their top aide , Rebekah Mason , but denied having a physical relationship with them On the same day , Mason resigned from their position as a senior political advisor to Bentley .
The two-term governor was accused by Spencer Collier , the state 's former law enforcement secretary , of making sexually charged comments and having an improper relationship with Mason , while they were married to their wife Dianne . Bentley 's wife filed for divorced last fall . Collier 's accusations came after they were fired about the possible misuse of state funds .
The governor , who apologized for saying `` some inappropriate things , '' has insisted that they did not do anything illegal and has refused to resign . In a statement released Tuesday that condemned the impeachment process .
`` There are no grounds for impeachment , and I will vigorously defend myself and my administration from this political attack , '' they said . `` Today 's press conference is nothing more than political grandstanding intended to grab headlines and take the focus away from the important issues the Legislature still has to address before the end of the session . ''
In audio recordings from 2014 released to AL.com , Bentley can be heard talking to a woman about how they liked touching their breasts . Collier also said that Bentley had told them `` he was still madly in love with Rebekah Mason . ''
`` We 're looking at this governor who has betrayed the trust of the people of Alabama through actions and lies that have caused us to have some doubt about their leadership , '' Henry said at Tuesday 's news conference . `` The only course the people of Alabama have to address this issue is through the impeachment process and the process is going to start today . ''
`` We know what was going on in that relationship , '' Henry said . `` It 's hard to believe that has n't clouded their judgement and that they have n't used their office to cover up those allegations . This calls into question everything the governor does . ''
Henry said that after introducing the articles of impeachment lawmakers would begin to `` dig and investigate ourselves what has been done . ''
Image : Franck Michel/Flickr
Anybody who 's walked the streets of a busy city will know about `` smartphone zombies '' —people who stroll around with their faces in a screen , oblivious to the world around them . In fact , most of us have probably been this person at some point , sending a text or checking Google Maps while on the move and maybe crashing into someone waiting at the bus stop . ( I have walked into at least one telephone pole . ) It 's annoying , and it can be dangerous .
A handful of places are turning to so-called `` zombie laws '' that ban walking and texting . Canada 's most populous province is the latest : On Monday , Ontario politician Yvan Baker introduced a private member 's bill that , if passed , will see offenders who cross the street while using a phone or other electronic device slapped with a $ 50 fine for their first offence , and up to $ 125 for the third .
Honolulu has a similar law , which took effect on October 25 , as does tiny Rexburg , Idaho . Seoul , South Korea , has installed street signs warning pedestrians to get off their phones .
Toronto is a terrible city for road accidents , especially at this time of year , when it 's dark out before dinnertime and the streets are getting icy . It 's easy to understand the appeal of a ban , especially if you 've ever been stuck behind someone on their phone moving at a glacier 's pace down a busy street . ( All ten provinces here have laws against distracted driving , which are also common in the US . ) But laws against texting and walking are n't the answer—it 's just more moral panic around technology . How about better pedestrian infrastructure instead ?
Image : Pedestrian and Cycling Safety in Toronto/Toronto Public Health
Hysteria around smartphone zombies goes back to at least 2013 , when a US-wide study from Ohio State University estimated that over 1,500 pedestrians were treated in hospital ERs in 2010 for injuries resulting from using a phone and walking . Among them , a 14-year-old boy fell off a bridge while walking and talking on a phone ; and a 23-year-old man was hit by a car while walking on the middle line of a road on the phone . ( Both Ontario and Honolulu would allow phones to be used for emergency services under their bans . )
Smartphone use has changed a lot since that paper was published almost five years ago . ( For one thing , plenty more people own them . ) Toronto , where Ontario 's ban would have the biggest effect , has its own statistics . A 2015 report from Toronto Public Health found that 13 percent of pedestrians were `` inattentive '' at the time of a collision . `` That means , in almost 90 percent of cases , pedestrians were paying attention to their surroundings and got hit anyway , '' Matt Elliott noted in the city 's Metro newspaper , writing about the bill . `` By the numbers , dangerous driving is a far bigger problem than pedestrians not paying attention . ''
Read More : Science Explains Why You Suck At Texting and Walking
In its latest report on pedestrian fatalities by state , the US Governors Highway Safety Association notes that the number of pedestrian deaths went up 25 percent from 2010 to 2015—total traffic deaths increased by six percent over the same period , maybe partly because car design has changed to make vehicles safer , the report explains—and pedestrians now account for the largest proportion of traffic fatalities recorded in the past 25 years . It notes that the use of smartphones and wireless data while walking `` may be [ ... ] a contributing factor . ''
Image : Governors Highway Safety Association
But that 's still not enough evidence for a zombie law .
The GHSA report reveals some of the many factors that can contribute to an accident , including time of day . The report notes that about half of the pedestrian fatalities in 2015 occurred between 6 PM and midnight , with 74 percent altogether occurring after dark . That suggests that better street signs , and better lighting , could go a long way to making pedestrians safer .
Distracted walking is a real thing , and it 's true that most of us should put down our screens while we 're on the move . But instead of sending cops out to target people who have their phones out , why not invest in bike lanes , public transit , street signs , and other infrastructure ? Of course , that costs money , and is n't as much fun as blaming all these `` zombies '' on their phones .
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter .
InformNapalm volunteer intelligence community has received documents obtained by the Ukrainian Cyber Alliance hacktivists from computer systems of the Russian militants . Based on the obtained data , and an additional OSINT investigation we identified the personnel of the self-propelled howitzer ( SPH ) battalion , its location , exact strength , armaments , serial numbers of equipment , and a lot of other data . We also determined that the terrorist forces are equipped with the Russian military portable radios ARK2M Arakhis and R-178P1 Azart . It 's worth noting that the sixth-generation digital radio station R-178P1 was adopted by the Russian Defense Ministry only in 2013 .
The self-propelled howitzer battalion of the so-called 1st Motorized Rifle Brigade ( MRB ) of the Russian hybrid corps in the Donetsk Oblast consists of three artillery batteries , command post , communications , and logistics services . Each battery consists of two fire platoons and a control platoon . The battalion commander is Major Vitaly Lizgunov . The battalion 's equipment is located in the hangar ( See on the map ) in the village of Petrovske near Starobesheve ( read more here ) . The personnel is quartered nearby , on the territory of an abandoned summer camp ( See on the map ) , its strength as of August 2016 was 89 people .
Below is the list of personnel who took up training on safety during battalion-tactical exercises and passed the test :
Also in the files , we found a record of vehicles in possession of the unit personnel .
The battalion is equipped with 2S1 Gvozdika 122mm SPH . Each fire platoon has three SPHs . There are six SPHs in a battery , 18 units in the battalion . The SPHs use three-symbol numbering . The first battery is 41X , the second is 42X , and the third is 43X . Tactical markings of the 1st MRB : 1 in a diamond or 51 in a triangle .
One of the most valuable documents in the array of data we received is the log of the technical condition of the equipment assigned to the 1st self-propelled howitzer battery . The document lists the serial numbers of the chassis , engines , radio stations , guns , and artillery sights with the side numbers 410 , 411 , 412 , 413 , 414 , and 415 ; as well as the serials of two army trucks Ural-4320 and MT-LB towing vehicle with the side number 442 .
Another valuable document is the battalion 's radio communication chart . It shows that the battalion is equipped with the Russian military portable radios ARK2M Arakhis and R-178P1 Azart . It 's worth noting that the sixth-generation digital radio station R-178P1 was adopted by the Russian Defense Ministry only in 2013 . Its state trials ended in the summer of 2012 . The first Azarts were received by the so-called peacekeepers from the Russian 15th MRB ( military unit 90600 ) . However , in Donbas , this radio station was spotted in use by war criminals from the 8th Motorized Rifle Brigade of the Russian army ( more details here ) .
Disclaimer : This material was exclusively provided for analysis and processing by hacktivists . InformNapalm community is not responsible for the ways this information was obtained or for its origin .
Material for publication prepared Mikhail Kuznetsov , translated by Victor Danilchenko , edited by Artem Velichko
CLOSE In an amazing twist of fate , one family 's prayers have been answered . A missing man has been found , thanks to an Associated Press photo published by USA Today . VPC
Nick warms themselves on a steam grate with three other homeless men by the Federal Trade Commission , just blocks from the Capitol , during frigid temperatures in Washington on Jan. 4 , 2014 . ( Photo11 : Jacquelyn Martin , AP ) Story Highlights Family members recognized their relative in an AP photo of a cold homeless man
They had last seemed them on New Year 's Day
The AP photographer who took the picture helped them locate them
They say a picture is worth a thousand words . For one New York family , it was the answer to a thousand prayers .
A man missing since Wednesday was located in Washington , D.C. , after their photo appeared in a Rochester , N.Y. , edition of USA TODAY .
Nicholas A. Simmons , 20 , was last seen leaving their home in Greece , a suburb of Rochester , on New Year 's Day . Family members began a search for them by contacting local news media and posting on Facebook .
In a strange twist , family members told local police they saw a man in a photograph published by USA TODAY in Sunday 's Democrat and Chronicle who looked like Simmons .
The Associated Press photo ran with coverage of cold weather sweeping across the country . The caption identified a homeless man named `` Nick '' wrapped in a blanket just blocks from the U.S. Capitol on Saturday .
Sunday night , Greece police said they contacted police in Washington , who located Simmons .
`` Simmons was taken to George Washington University Hospital as a precaution , '' according to a press release from police .
The photo had sparked a buzz on social media earlier in the day , as relatives of Simmons expressed elation , astonishment and determination on a public Facebook page that appears to have since been dismantled .
`` Nick is alive and obviously not well , '' read one post by Simmons ' mother , Michelle Simmons , hours before their son was found . `` ( We ) are going to get them home safe and this is by far the greatest example of God 's love and divine intervention I have ever experienced . ''
`` I am beyond able to put into words how I am feeling . ''
Reached at home about an hour before police publicly confirmed Simmons had been found , Michelle Simmons declined to comment , saying that their family would speak at a later time . After police confirmed Simmons had been found , a woman at the residence said over the telephone that no one from the family was available to comment .
The photo was taken by AP photographer Jacquelyn Martin . They spotted Simmons in a huddle of homeless men . They wore a ski jacket and was wrapped in a thick gray blanket . They said they were struck by how young they looked .
`` I introduced myself and shook their hand and they would only say that their name was 'Nick , ' '' Martin said in an interview . `` I told them that if I could write their whole name in the photo sometimes it could help them connect with family and they said , 'No , I 'm OK , but you can just write that my name is Nick . ' ''
The next day , Martin received a message via Twitter from USA TODAY reporter Natalie DiBlasio , whose story about the frigid temperatures was illustrated with Martin 's photo .
DiBlasio had contacted Martin after receiving a tweet from Simmons ' sister , Hannah Simmons , at 10:50 a.m. that read : `` please contact me . you wrote an article for USA today that features a picture of my missing brother . ''
DiBlasio put Michelle Simmons in touch with Martin , whom would later guide longtime Simmons family friends from Fairfax Station , Va. , to the spot outside the Federal Trade Commission building where they had taken the photograph .
The family friends , Peter and Cindy Gugino , and Martin eventually found Simmons , and police later picked them up .
`` It 's very easy to put people in a box and to forget that these are real people who have families who love them and are worried about them , '' said Martin , who hails from Syracuse , N.Y. , and is coincidentally a 2001 graduate of Rochester Institute of Technology . `` An experience like this really reminds you that every person has a story . ''
Simmons was reunited with their father , Paul , and brother , Paul Simmons Jr. , at the hospital .
Greece police , who publicized Simmons ' disappearance late last week , said there were no leads in the case until the publication of the photo .
`` It was pure dumb luck how all this happened , '' Greece police Sgt . David Mancuso , the lead investigator , told the Associated Press . `` It 's truly a miracle . ''
To comprehend the odds of something like this happening , consider that Simmons ' photo had been selected by USA TODAY from the Associated Press wire , which carries thousands of photos at any given time and often offers news outlets that subscribe to the service several different images of the same event to illustrate news stories .
In this case , the Associated Press wire moved 126 photos depicting frigid conditions from across the country . Three of them were of Simmons , but only in one of them could their face been clearly seen .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1dnMh9S
It 's not my intention to make fun of Bruce Jenner . I tried to transition into a woman once myself — and would have done it too , but they called the police . I probably should have asked their permission first .
Joking aside , the former gold medal Olympian is , by my lights , free to be whatever surgery can make him . My attitude toward other people 's sex lives was best phrased by Ebenezer Scrooge : `` It 's enough for a man to understand their own business , and not to interfere with other people 's . Mine occupies me constantly . ''
That said , since our media will focus on this absolutely meaningless and ridiculous event rather than on , say , Barack Obama 's malfeasance abroad and lawlessness at home , let me just make a few observations .
Leftists have made a cause of transgenderism , but transgenderism makes a nonsense of many leftist tenets . For instance , leftist feminism depends on the assumption that there is no inherent difference between men and women and that therefore any inequality in their lives must be the product of bigotry and should be corrected by law . But if there is no inherent difference between men and women , what can it possibly mean to be transgender ? When Jenner tells an interviewer : `` I am a woman , '' how do they know ? Since , until they started fiddling with it , their body was a man 's body , they can only mean that they feel a mental or spiritual difference within them that they identify as womanly . I only wish that more feminists felt that !
But if there is a difference between men and women — and , like , duh — it is entirely possible that in some matters the difference favors men . Men , for instance , may be better at scientific thinking , or cracking stupid jokes that are somehow hilarious , or writing great poetry , or abusing themselves and others for purposes of sexual gratification without any emotional blowback . Once you admit there is a difference , it is not cruelty or bigotry to note the results of that difference or to behave in accordance with them , always taking variations in individuals into account .
Secondly , it is many leftists ' absurd boast that they believe in science more than conservatives do . Mainly they think this because many religious conservatives feel the book of Genesis trumps the theory of evolution whereas leftists understand that Great Devil of Black Goo in ground rise up to destroy Mother Gaia in Global Warming Apocalypse unless make big sacrifice of Constitution to Holy Government . Or something . But the science on transgenderism is very unsettled . In a 2014 Wall Street Journal op-ed , Dr. Paul McHugh , the former chief psychiatrist at Johns Hopkins University — the first American venue to offer transgender surgery — reported that outcome studies on those who underwent the surgery were not positive . Their belief is that transgenderism is a mental disorder :
The transgendered suffer a disorder of `` assumption '' like those in other disorders familiar to psychiatrists . With the transgendered , the disordered assumption is that the individual differs from what seems given in nature—namely one 's maleness or femaleness . Other kinds of disordered assumptions are held by those who suffer from anorexia and bulimia nervosa , where the assumption that departs from physical reality is the belief by the dangerously thin that they are overweight .
With all due ( and genuine ! ) sympathy for those who feel their gender was wrongly assigned by their creator , this idea seems worth testing and exploring before allowing little Timmy to become little Betty just because he 's going through a play-with-dolls phase .
And finally , Jenner 's specific case exposes for the fraud it is the self-flattering notion leftists hold that they are more tolerant than right wingers . Jenner 's announcement that they were not only a woman but a conservative Republican set off the usual stream of brutal anti-gay Twitter speech from the left . ( My pal Gay Patriot has details but the language , be warned , is what you 'd expect . ) I know I 've said it before but it bears much repeating : leftists are not more tolerant of transgenders , gays , blacks or anyone else . They only use their issues to destroy freedom and acquire power — and they only tolerate those who agree with them .
Tune into CNN a week from today to see Libertarian Party flag-bearers Gary Johnson and William Weld get the same `` Town Hall '' action given to the candidates from the top two parties .
CNN announced today they will be holding a primetime town hall with Johnson and Weld on June 22 at 9 p.m. Just as with the 10 other town halls they 've had with the other candidates , voters will have the opportunity to ask them questions . Chris Cuomo will moderate .
This is a pretty big deal in terms of getting voters acquainted with Johnson and Weld as they try to get their poll numbers up to be included in the presidential debates . CNN set viewing records for the network with their town hall interviews with Republican candidates Donald Trump , Ted Cruz , and John Kasich in March . They averaged more than 3 million viewers during that time ( of course , the numbers spiked during the session with Trump ) .
It may be a bit of a pipe dream to think Johnson and Weld will approach those numbers , but do recall that Johnson received a little bit more than 1 million votes in 2012 . The chances are very high that he 's going to be seen by a lot of people who currently know very little about him .
General election poll numbers right now have Johnson getting between five and 12 percent of the vote in a three-way race . And a new poll shows Americans have the highest unfavorable opinions of Trump so far , with 70 percent disliking the man . Hillary Clinton is behind them with a 55 percent disliking them Landing the Democratic nomination has not made voters warm up to her , at least not yet .
Johnson has a long way to go , but there 's never been a better opportunity for them to go for it . The latest Google trends numbers for Gary Johnson continue to show a dramatic increase in searches for their name compared to this same time frame in 2012 . While Google does n't provide actual search numbers , their data shows that there are five times as many people searching Johnson 's name in June 2016 than there were in June 2012 .
A team of 19 people including police officers , forensic specialists and an archaeologist has returned to a site in Kos to look for clues about the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham .
South Yorkshire Police officers deployed to the island are combing an olive grove and land surrounding a farmhouse in the village of Iraklis in the hope of unearthing clues which could lead them to the missing boy .
These pictures show the scale of the search for the toddler who disappeared 25 years ago , with tonnes of dirt moved and a huge number of people digging for clues on a daily basis
The search could take weeks , and today it was revealed the team from South Yorkshire has been joined on a regular basis by an army of volunteers from the villages .
A South Yorkshire Police team member watches as excavated soil is unloaded for examination at the search site of missing toddler Ben Needham
A South Yorkshire Police team member examines excavated soil at the search site in Kos , Greece
South Yorkshire Police watch on as a bulldozer excavates soil from under olive trees
Reading a statement from the family of Ben Needham , Frank Harkness said : 'We are so incredibly thankful for the help and support of volunteer search teams working with officers .
'To know that people are giving up their own time and are as desperate as we are to find answers is something we will be eternally grateful for .
'We have been told that volunteers are coming to the site on their days off and straight from work and we honestly ca n't thank them enough . '
The statement continued to say that knowing they had the support of those volunteers meant 'everything ' .
Ben Needham went missing in Kos in July 1991 and the search for them has not stopped since
Members of the Greek rescue services sift through excavated soil as the search intensifies
Members of the Greek rescue services work at the search site of missing toddler Ben Needham
A member of the Greek rescue services examines debris after sifting through excavated soil
At the search site , officers and volunteers are sifting through tonnes of excavated soil in the hope of finding clues about Ben 's disappearance in July 1991 .
Yesterday , officers presented a replica of the shoes the 21-month old had on their feet in the hope that they might help search teams looking for evidence of Ben .
Mr Harkness said the team had been working hard since early Sunday morning on the site .
They said : 'It is important to try to regather the time we lost yesterday .
'Work is ongoing . The area of earth that was removed is still being raked out .
' I am overwhelmed with the support . These people literally come here from a day job , some are paramedics , some are doctors , nurses , fire people , doing all sorts of jobs and they dedicate their free time , on the weekend to help us out .
' I could not be in this position without the help they provide us . '
South Yorkshire Police examine debris from excavated soil as the 19-strong team work in Kos
A bulldozer excavates top soil from an olive grove as other workmen look on at the search site
Detective Inspector Jon Cousins , left , of South Yorkshire Police talks with a team member at the search site of missing toddler Ben Needham
Members of the Greek rescue services work at an olive grove next to the farm where the toddler was last seen
Ben 's sister Leighanna Needham , 22 , told of how they had spent their life hoping that their brother would one day come home .
Speaking to ITV 's Good Morning Britain earlier this week , they added : ‘ None of us want to believe that they are going to find something there because that 's 25 years of fighting and pain and hurt that could have been ended 25 years ago .
The timing of alerts in the future should be “ closer to the actual scientific basis and proof that is needed to make certain declarations , ” Mr. Dalli said . Issuing alerts was a highly sensitive matter , they added , because “ people start making decisions and this really creates a lot of fear in the population and harm also to all the operators . ”
The early suspicions about Spanish cucumbers prompted outrage in Spain and elsewhere in Europe , where growers have been forced to dump highly perishable fresh produce .
The authorities did not issue an alert throughout the European Union for the suspected German sprouts , because there was no evidence that they sprout had been exported to another member state or elsewhere , European Union officials said .
Nonetheless , in the town of Bienenbuettel , where German officials identified a farm as a likely source of the E.coli outbreak , residents expressed anger .
“ The minister for agriculture should have supported that man , but instead they are slapping them in the face , ” Jürgen Brüemmer said of the farm 's owner . Mr. Brüemmer runs a hotel and restaurant in the town .
The Bienenbuettel farm delivered the suspect sprouts to restaurants and shops . Two women employed by the farm have become ill , according to the health authorities in Lower Saxony . All operations at the farm have been suspended .
The economic impact of the outbreak has spread throughout the continent with sales of vegetables dropping . Russia has blocked imports of produce from the European Union .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Agriculture ministers of European Union member states are expected to meet on Tuesday in Luxembourg to discuss ways of compensating growers .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Roger Waite , a spokesperson for Dacian Ciolos , the bloc 's agriculture commissioner , said the commission “ was looking at various legal options ” for paying out compensation , but they declined to comment in greater detail .
Mr. Waite also sought to play down the need for any specific compensation for Spanish farmers as a result of the suspicions first raised by German authorities .
“ The important point as far we 're concerned is that we find a European solution ” that would offer support to fruit and vegetable growers across the European Union , they said .
Ministers may have to finesse the rules to provide adequate compensation for growers who were forced to dump large quantities of highly perishable produce . There are limits on how many national governments can hand out to each affected farm . Direct payments by the European Union are also limited and rely on co-payments by producer organizations . But many vegetable growers , particularly in Spain , do not belong to producer organizations .
One possibility is that ministers could decide to use a clause in the European Union 's laws that is normally reserved for earthquakes , floods and other natural disasters to make money available from the bloc 's central budget for affected growers .
In Berlin , the Robert Koch Institute , the federal institution responsible for disease control and prevention , has continued to recommend that consumers refrain from eating salads , tomatoes and cucumbers , particularly from northern Germany . The warnings could be difficult for consumers to respond to , because they may not always know where food originates .
In Frankfurt , for example , the illness was initially concentrated among employees of PricewaterhouseCoopers International , 21 of whom became sick , forcing the closing of cafeterias at the consulting firm 's two main offices in Frankfurt on May 23 , a company spokesperson , Oliver Heieck , said .
In addition , an employee of PricewaterhouseCoopers in Hamburg died , Mr. Heieck said . But it does not appear that the employee 's infection came from either of the cafeterias , which reopened last week after health officials determined that no food service employees had become sick . The employee was found dead in their apartment in Hamburg last week after co-workers notified police that they had not come to work , Mr. Heieck said .
Oswald Bellinger , a doctor at the Frankfurt Health Office , said they were skeptical that all of the cases were connected with sprouts grown at a farm in Lower Saxony .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They said that the Koch Institute had drawn up a standardized questionnaire for patients , which should help provide a more scientific basis for determining the source of the contamination . “ We should rely on thorough research , ” they said . “ I am very cautious about these reports . ”
Whether it 's a backstage meeting or a more formal occasion — like the annual WWE Hall of Fame Induction ceremony — Michael `` P.S . '' Hayes and their fanny pack are rarely separated .
Hayes said about their fanny pack : “ It was the best way for me not to lose my wallet and all my personal items that I needed to take with me around the world ... When I did n't have them hooked to me , I lost countless wallets , driver 's licenses and credit cards . I rock mine because I rock to the beat of a different drummer . I do what I like . If I like something , I do it forever , ” they explained . “ I happen to like the fanny pack . I 'm not a fad guy . I do n't do things because other people are doing them . I will rock this fanny pack into the grave and beyond . ”
Sean Chinn was in Aqaba , Jordan to report exclusively for Scubaverse on yesterday 's historic scuttling of the C-130 Hercules .
The day started nice and early with a 4.30am wake-up call for my flight from Amman to Aqaba . Although very tired , I was excited at the prospect of what was in store for the day . A big date in Aqaba 's 2017 calendar – the historic scuttling of a C-130 Hercules to create a new artificial reef for divers in the Gulf of Aqaba on the Red Sea .
I arrived at the hotel in time to check-in , prepare my gear and grab some quick breakfast before I had to depart for the C-130 Hercules scuttling event . Everything was organised and timed perfectly by the Aqaba Tourism Board .
As I arrived at the beach , I realised that I had n't anticipated the true scale of the event . The beachfront was packed with people from all corners of the world eager to witness a moment in history . There were also many proud locals looking on at what will hopefully become a major attraction for tourism in the area that brings in new overseas explorers .
The sound of bagpipes and a brass band rang loud and proud as I made my way through the crowd to pick a prime viewing spot . The C-130 Hercules was paraded before the excited crowd on a last trip before its final destination .
I 'd heard there was going to be an Air Show but I was in for a pleasant shock as the aeroplanes jetted past with no prior warning . This took everyone by surprise and loud gasps echoed through the crowd as the planes blasted their way overhead . The first opportunity to photograph them passed me by but luckily they continued to make exciting pass after pass , giving me numerous attempts at photographing them .
The scuttling itself started around 12.30pm and in truth did n't really last that long once the Hercules was hooked up to the crane . The vertical stabiliser stood tall and was the last part to sink beneath the waves . It reminded me of a long , distinctive dorsal fin breaking the surface and sticking proud out of the water . In my eyes , it was almost reminiscent of a Great Hammerhead 's dorsal fin .
After the event , we had a delicious buffet lunch at the Berenice Beach Club before heading back to the hotel to relax . The views over the Red Sea from the restaurant were truly beautiful .
Now I have a couple of days sightseeing planned on land but I 'm anxious to get in the water and explore the new , developing dive site of the C-130 Hercules . I 'll let you know how it goes !
CINCINNATI — Get ready : Omar 's coming .
Actor Michael Kenneth Williams , who played iconic drug dealer Omar Little in HBO series “ The Wire , ” is part of the cast of `` The Public , '' a new movie that started filming Downtown this week , according to social media posts by cast member Che `` Rhymefest '' Smith and costume designer Christopher Lawrence .
Jeffery Wright , who recently starred in the HBO series “ Westworld , ” and Christian Slater also will star in the movie , according to the posts . Emilio Estevez , who wrote the film , also will direct .
The Internet Movie Database 's cast listing for `` The Public '' updated Thursday afternoon with the three actors names attached to the project .
In early December , Film Cincinnati executive director Kristen Schlotman announced Estevez would begin filming `` The Public '' starting in mid-January . At the time they said Estevez also would act in the movie , along with Smith , Alec Baldwin , Taylor Schilling and Jena Malone . Variety later reported that Gabrielle Union also will appear in the film .
Jeffrey Wright
`` The Public '' centers around a standoff with police and library officials at the Downtown branch of the Public Library of Cincinnati and Hamilton County after patrons , many homeless and mentally ill , turn the library into an impromptu shelter for one night during a brutal cold snap .
RELATED : New Emilio Estevez movie starring Alec Baldwin , Jena Malone starts filming in January
During the first day of filming on Wednesday , Wright posted a picture from downtown Cincinnati on Instagram .
# CogitoErgoApe A photo posted by Jeffrey Wright ( @ jfreewright ) on Jan 24 , 2017 at 6:13pm PST
Schlotman did not return a phone call for comment .
Two aerial views of Dungeness Spit . The sandbar splits into two branches near the end .
Dungeness Spit is a 6.8-mile ( 10.9 km ) long sand spit jutting out from the northern edge of the Olympic Peninsula in northeastern Clallam County , Washington , USA , into the Strait of Juan de Fuca . It is the longest natural sand spit in the United States . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The body of water it encloses is called Dungeness Bay . [ 3 ] The Dungeness Spit is entirely within the Dungeness National Wildlife Refuge and home of the New Dungeness Lighthouse . Its land area , according to the United States Census Bureau , is 1,271,454 square meters ( 0.4909 sq mi , or 314.18 acres ) . The lighthouse once was run by United States Coast Guard , but in 1976 the agency installed an automatic light . Since 1994 the lighthouse has been staffed and maintained by the volunteer `` New Dungeness Light Station Association '' . [ 4 ] The spit is open to the public year around .
The spit was first recorded by Europeans during the Spanish 1790 Quimper expedition . British explorer George Vancouver named the landform in 1792 , writing `` The low sandy point of land , which from its great resemblance to Dungeness in the British Channel , I called New Dungeness . `` [ 5 ] They named it after the Dungeness headland in England .
In December 2001 a heavy winter storm forced water over the spit . The next morning the spit was split in three places , and vehicles supplying the lighthouse were not able to traverse the spit for about a month .
The New Dungeness Lighthouse located at the end of the spit
View of the spit from the second viewing platform on the short trail from the parking area at the Dungeness National Wildlife Refuge
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates :
Greenland 's icy coastlines are withering away at a rapid pace . With ever rising temperatures in the region , scientists fear the glaciers may never grow back .
A team from Ohio State University discovered that about 20 years ago , melting on the island reached a tipping point . In this event , a layer of old snow called the firn , was frozen over and the ice sheet growth was stunted . This caused the new growth on the coastlines to halt . Combined with rising temperatures of the sea , the ice has been melting away in large sectors . At the rate it 's going , the team said there will be a 1.5 inch increase in global sea level rise by 2100 .
According to the study :
The find is important because it reveals exactly why the most vulnerable parts of Greenland ice are melting so quickly : the deep snow layer that normally captures coastal meltwater was filled to capacity in 1997 . That layer of snow and meltwater has since frozen solid , so that all new meltwater flows over it and out to sea .
Though these findings are bad news , the researchers said there is no `` immediate cause for panic . '' The Greenland Ice Sheet—the second largest ice cache in the world—is relatively intact . Associate professor at Ohio State , and co-author of the study Ian Howat , said the outer layers of ice contribute a small portion to the greater sheet , and that their melting may even be ephemeral , or seasonal to some degree .
`` Since this 'tipping point ' was reached in the late 90 's before warming really took off , it indicates that these peripheral glaciers are very sensitive and , potentially , ephemeral relative to the timescales of response of the ice sheet , '' said Howat .
The areas in red are most at risk of being lost .
Though the entire coastline is not at risk , if it were to melt away , we 'd see an uptake of a few inches in sea level . To put that in terms of the greater ice sheet , if the entire entity melted , we 'd see a rise of 24 feet in total .
`` These peripheral glaciers and ice caps can be thought of as colonies of ice that are in rapid decline , many of which will likely disappear in the near future , '' said Howat . `` In that sense , you could say that they 're 'doomed . ' However , the ice sheet itself is still not 'doomed ' in the same way . The vast interior ice sheet is more climatologically isolated than the surrounding glaciers and ice caps . ''
Donald Trump Jr. walks on stage to deliver a speech on the second day of the Republican National Convention on Tuesday . Credit : Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Observers of current business trends would be hard-pressed to find many corporate executives who dismiss the value of data and analytics when it comes to running a successful venture . However , yet again , the campaign of Donald Trump , the self-proclaimed `` most successful person ever to run for the presidency , by far , '' has derided the use of data and analytics .
During last night 's Republican National Convention , Donald Trump Jr. took the podium . There they rattled off a litany of things their father would accomplish if they win the presidency , including passing a loophole-free tax code and repealing Obamacare :
`` We 're going to elect a president who will work with everyone to pass legislation that will make our country great again… . A president who has had real people 's families and livelihoods dependent on their success and the success of their company for decades . A president who speaks their mind and not just when it behooves them to do so , who does n't have to run a focus group or use data analytics to be able to form a simple opinion . ''
Relying on polls to dictate decisions typically is not considered good governance . However , while the proverbial finger-in-the-wind approach to campaigning and governing is often criticized , the fact that the Trump campaign has continued to imply that it does not need data and analytics -- cornerstones of nearly all other modern , sophisticated , large-scale political campaigns and many successful business operations -- is unique in the world of politics and the corporate world today .
In May , the then-presumptive nominee , who has linked their potential as commander-in-chief to their arguable business prowess -- dismissed the use of data by Barack Obama 's presidential campaigns in an AP interview , stating , `` I 've always felt it was overrated .... Obama got the votes much more so than their data processing machine . And I think the same is true with me . ''
Instead , the Trump camp has relied on the real estate tycoon and reality TV showman 's mass appeal as entertainer and spectacle , placing most of its campaign strategy on generating earned media coverage . Meanwhile , the campaign is spending relatively little on TV ads or the type of targeted tech-driven elements of campaigning necessary to persuade swing voters and get out the vote in November .
Another disregard for the value of data -- this time at its own national convention -- ca n't look good for the Republican National Committee . The party itself has taken great pains to try to convince observers that it has invested enough in resources and staff to improve its digital and data operations enough to compete with the Democrats , the party that steamed ahead on the data front thanks to tech and data innovations developed by President Obama 's 2008 and 2012 campaigns .
The RNC has indicated that it is ignoring the Trump camp 's dismissive rhetoric regarding data and analytics and will continue bolstering its tech and data resources in the hopes of not only winning the presidency , but congressional and local races .
`` After the loss in 2012 , Chairman Priebus made the decision that we were going to make the changes necessary to ensure that our next Republican Presidential nominee and all Republicans running for office are in the best position to win the White House , '' RNC spokesperson Lindsay Walters said .
The party in November hired Darren Bolding , former chief technology officer of Scott Walker 's short-lived presidential primary campaign , as RNC chief technology officer . They replaced previous CTO Azarias Reda , who left the organization after a year in the role to focus on their own firm , Republic Computer Science , which builds political campaign field software . Mr. Bolding had served as the RNC 's director of DevOps , a software building role , before moving to the Walker campaign .
Andrew Brown , technology director at the Democratic National Committee , has been with the party since 2013 .
In the RNC 's 2013 Growth and Opportunity Project report , also known as its post-2012 `` autopsy , '' the party stressed , `` For the RNC to be successful at winning elections in 2013 , 2014 , and beyond , it must establish a clear and guiding purpose and a set of objectives that include not only winning , but also how we want to win -- the establishment of a new culture driven by data , technology , analytics , and personal contact . ''
Since 2012 , the GOP says it has spent $ 100 million to improve its digital and data operations and staff . And , contrary to its reputation of having no data analytics operation in place , the Trump campaign has spent money -- albeit a limited amount -- on data management and in-house data staff . According to Ad Age analysis of Federal Election Commission filings from the campaign , around $ 96,000 went towards data management services in April and May , including to voter data firm L2 . In addition , the campaign has paid in-house data staffer Witold Chrabaszcz thousands of dollars each month for their services . The most recent FEC filings show that the former RNC data engineer was paid $ 12,000 by the campaign in May .
Still , it is not known whether the data services the Trump campaign has used encompass voter data analytics for segmenting voter groups and informing media buys , important elements of recent presidential campaigns .
Sean Urbanski was charged Sunday with fatally stabbing a visiting student on campus in what police have described as an unprovoked attack that rattled the school over graduation weekend . ( University of Maryland Police Department via AP )
By The Associated Press
COLLEGE PARK , Md . ( AP ) — The FBI is investigating whether the stabbing of a visiting black student by a white student at the University of Maryland was a hate crime , officials said Sunday .
Sean Christopher Urbanski has been charged with first- and second-degree murder as well as first-degree assault in the early Saturday morning attack that killed Richard Collins III , police said .
University of Maryland Police Chief David Mitchell said they asked the FBI to assist in the investigation after learning that Urbanski , 22 , belonged to a Facebook group called `` Alt-Reich : Nation , '' where members post disparaging material about African Americans and others .
`` We are here to evaluate that as an ongoing concern with respect to whether or not this was a hate crime , '' Gordon Johnson , special agent in charge of the FBI field office in Baltimore , told reporters at a news conference .
No attorney was listed for Urbanski on online court records and a message left at a number listed for their home in Severna Park was not immediately returned Sunday .
Collins , 23 , who was set to graduate from Bowie State on Tuesday , was visiting friends at the College Park campus when they were stabbed . They were commissioned as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army days earlier , Mitchell said .
Officials say Collins was with two friends near a bus stop on campus around 3 a.m. when they heard Urbanski screaming and watched them approach them .
Urbanski said `` Step left , step left if you know what 's best for you , '' according to the charging documents . Collins said `` no '' before Urbanski stabbed them once in the chest , the documents say .
Mitchell , the police chief , said the attack has spread fear across the university .
`` If I 'm a person of color I would certainly look at this as something that could happen to me . In fact , I know on Facebook our students are saying that , '' Mitchell said .
Dr. Artie Lee Travis , vice president for student affairs at Bowie State , said the school hopes the investigation moves forward as quickly as possible .
`` Hate has no place in America , '' Travis said . `` Hate has no place on a college campus , where young minds are coming together to try to change the world , '' they said .
Brian Douglas , who recently became close to Collins when they took a class together , said the man was looking forward to graduation .
`` He was just nice , just a good , young man all around . You ca n't find those too often in today 's society , '' Douglas said .
Ciera Sorrell , who also took a class with Collins , said their killing shocked the Bowie State community .
`` Everyone is in disbelief , '' they said . `` He seemed so excited to get to live their life and they do n't have that chance anymore , '' they said .
The attack came as the University of Maryland hosted visitors for graduation festivities .
During Sunday 's graduation ceremony , School President Wallace Loh led students and their families in a moment of silence for the slain Bowie State student . Loh called it a `` senseless and unprovoked assault , '' The Baltimore Sun reported .
`` We are still in shock that a young man , so full of promise , should have their life cut short , so suddenly , '' Loh said . `` Our thoughts and prayers are with their family and friends , and with the entire Bowie State University community . ''
The Xiaomi Mi 5 is taking its own time coming , but we 've come across some telltale signs that point at the imminent launch of the phone… very soon .
Xiaomi first teased a ‘ Grand Finale ' to this year , hinting at pending launches that might finally take place — the Mi 5 , Mi Pad 2 and the Redmi Note 2 Pro . It has been learnt today that Xiaomi is hosting an event on the 24th this month , and it 's most likely going to be for the Mi 5 if not anything else along with it .
Interestingly , if you 're in China , despite not being on the invite list , you will be able to attend the event . The only caveat here is that you 'll be asked to shell out an equivalent of $ 30 , and entries will be limited to 500 persons .
While we are indeed expecting the Mi 5 , we 've learnt to expect the unexpected with Xiaomi . The last time we expected the Mi 5 , Xiaomi surprisingly launched a 60-inch TV instead !
There 's reason though that this one 's NOT going to be an anti-climax . Xiaomi president Bin Lin posted a picture of the invite , which looks like it could hold the phone chassis and not much more .
Janez Jansa speaks during a session in parliament in Ljubljana February 27 , 2013 . REUTERS/Srdjan Zivulovic
LJUBLJANA ( Reuters ) - Slovenia 's chief opposition leader was sentenced to two years in jail on Wednesday for bribery in a 2006 deal with Finnish defense group Patria , one of a number of corruption scandals that have fuelled public anger over the country 's financial crisis .
Janez Jansa had denied taking money in the aborted purchase of 135 Patria armored vehicles while they were prime minister and is expected to appeal . Two co-defendants were also found guilty and jailed for 22 months .
High-level corruption allegations have stirred public anger over a financial crisis that has exposed a culture of cronyism in the ex-Yugoslav republic , and could see it become the latest euro zone country to seek an international bailout .
Six people in Finland are being prosecuted over the same deal and an Austrian court has already convicted an Austrian citizen for corruption . The 278-million-euro ( $ 363 million ) contract was scrapped in 2012 after the allegations surfaced .
The Finnish government owns around 73 percent of Patria while European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company ( EADS ) holds some 27 percent .
Jansa championed Slovenia 's drive to secede from Yugoslavia in 1991 and was prime minister from 2004 to 2008 and again for a year until March 2013 . Their center-right government fell after an anti-corruption commission said Jansa was unable to explain the origins of a significant part of their income over the past several years . ( $ 1 = 0.7650 euros )
( Eric Harvey Brown )
In addition to paying the same hefty fines for traffic violations as motorists , cyclists caught in the NYPD 's `` Safe Cycle '' crackdown have also been forced to pay a bogus $ 88 surcharge , plus accept additional points on their license . New York Vehicle and Traffic law explicitly exempts cyclists from this surcharge , but summonses issued to cyclists nevertheless inform them that “ included in the total amount for each violation ( except equipment ) are mandatory surcharges in the amount of $ 88 . '' Most cyclists just pay it , but a new lawsuit could result in refunds for those who thought the `` mandatory '' surcharges were in fact mandatory .
After attorney Steve Vaccaro raised the issue with the DMV , they were told by a DMV lawyer that they were correct— '' there are no points assigned for violations committed by bicyclists , ” and that the law “ exempts bicycle violations from the mandatory surcharge . '' The DMV agreed to refund the handful of clients Vaccaro was then representing , and remove the points from their licenses . And yet ... the surcharge language remains , and most people who pay their fine online remain oblivious to the DMV 's unorthodox definition of `` mandatory . ''
Vaccaro has filed a growing class action lawsuit on behalf of cyclists who may have been unfairly overcharged while paying a ticket . `` I 'm encouraged to see the DMV acknowledge its error in treating so many cycling tickets as if they were motor vehicle violations , '' Vaccaro says . `` Alongside the class action , we have made Freedom of Information Law request to the DMV that should help us get a better handle on exactly how many thousands of cyclists have been affected . In the end , we hope to get a refund to every cyclist who 's been overcharged going back at least three years , possibly longer . ''
If you believe you may have paid the unlawful DMV surcharge for a bicycling ticket , or gotten points on your license for a violation while bicycling , you could be in for a CASH PAYOUT ( SOMEDAY ) . Vaccaro encourages you to contact their office with a short description of your circumstances as soon as possible .
A highly interactive multi-sensory performance for very young children and their grown-ups is coming to Atlanta . I ca n't wait ! With an 18 month old who you all know is just about unable to be taken anywhere in public , this has me chomping at the bit . We are planning to attend A Christmas Carol with our five year old and have gotten a sitter to be able to do so . As much as it pains me to do that , it 's become a regular occurrence lately because we are really making an effort for our older child 's life not to completely be put on hold until the baby can “ behave himself ” . In any case- going to a show with both kids in tow , especially during their two weeks off school , is exciting for me and Mr. P .
Here 's the info you 'll need if you have little ones like ours…
ATLANTA , December 10 , 2012 — Beginning December 27 , the Alliance Theatre for the Very Young will stage Waiting for Balloon written by folk artist TMarq and loosely based on the classic play Waiting for Godot by Samuel Beckett .
Directed by Rosemary Newcott , Sally G. Tomlinson Artistic Director of Theatre for Youth , Waiting for Balloon tells the story of two childlike hobo-clowns waiting near the railroad tracks for “ balloon. ” The problem is that neither of them knows exactly what “ balloon ” is . Through delightful trial and error , exploration and interaction with the audience , the two piece together what makes a balloon and celebrate all that is discovered while we “ wait ! ” Waiting for Balloon is a joyous introduction to gentle clowning and the joy of creating puppets from found objects , designed by the creative mind of Puppeteer Michael Haverty .
Theatre for the Very Young is an artistic experience for children ages 18 months – 5 years that overcomes age , language , and developmental barriers , expanding the consciousness of very young audience members and integrating bi-lingual elements into each show . Each production nurtures creative thinking , allowing the very young to experience art and culture on their terms .
“ Theatre for the Very Young engages both parents and their pre-school children in creative experiences . The fourth wall is dissolved as young ones willing become part of the experience , ” says Director , Rosemary Newcott .
Tickets for Waiting for Balloon are $ 10 per person , no matter how young or old . Groups of 10 or more receive a discount of 25 % off their single tickets . For additional information about Theatre for the Very Young or to purchase tickets , please contact Olivia Aston at 404.733.4702 orolivia.aston @ woodruffcenter.org . You can also purchase tickets online at :
http : //alliancetheatre.org/Education/theatre-for-the-very-young/Waiting-for-Balloon.aspx
Waiting for Balloon – – Alliance Theatre , 1280 Peachtree St , Atlanta , GA 30309 – Memorial Arts Building , 3rd Floor , Black Box Theatre :
December 27–30 , 2012 Thursday-Sunday , 9:30am & 11:00am
January 3–6 , 2013 Thursday-Sunday , 9:30am & 11:00am
January 12 & 19 , 2013 Saturdays , 9:30am & 11:00am
Calendar Synopsis
Waiting for Balloon
December 27-30 , 2012 , Thursday-Sunday , 9:30am & 11:00am
January 3-6 , 2013 , Thursday-Sunday , 9:30am & 11:00am
January 12 & 19 , 2013 , Saturdays , 9:30am & 11:00am
Two childlike hobo-clown characters are waiting near the railroad tracks for “ balloon. ” The problem is that neither of them knows exactly what “ balloon ” is . Through delightful trial and error , exploration and interaction with the audience , the two clowns piece together what makes a balloon and celebrate all that is discovered while we “ wait ! ” An introduction to gentle clowning and the joy of creating puppets from found objects . For tickets – please contact Olivia Aston at 404.733.4702 or olivia.aston @ woodruffcenter.org , also available online at
http : //alliancetheatre.org/Education/theatre-for-the-very-young/Waiting-for-Balloon.aspx
Theatre for the Very Young Season Ticket Packages
Season Ticket packages for the two upcoming Theatre for the Very Young productions are available . When you buy a package for $ 20 , receive tickets to both productions plus season ticket benefits .
Waiting for Balloon – December 27-30 , 2012 ; January 3-6 , 2013 ; January 12 & 19 , 2013
– December 27-30 , 2012 ; January 3-6 , 2013 ; January 12 & 19 , 2013 A Child 's Garden of Verses – March 11-16 & 23 ; March 29-30 , 2013
Explore the sounds and sensations of nature as you journey through a magical garden . Children will be actively engaged in this multi-sensory performance as they willingly become a part of the artistic experience . A “ cultural ” garden in which children can grow their imaginations , and become gardeners themselves !
Producer Package – $ 20 ( per person , no matter how young or old ) –includes a ticket to each TVY production . In addition to guaranteed seats , all TVY season ticket holders receive :
– 15 % off additional single tickets to all Alliance Theatre productions
– 10 % off acting classes
– $ 5 off return tickets to enjoy TVY performances again
For season tickets , contact Olivia Aston at 404.733.4702 or olivia.aston @ woodruffcenter.org
Home buyers hungry to own property in Boston 's North End may be left feeling empty after the sale of the neighborhood 's famous `` skinny house '' earlier this month .
The slice of a house sold for $ 900,000 - $ 5,000 more than its asking price - Cabot & Company announced . Dubbed the `` skinny house , '' the building has a width of 10 feet , two inches at its widest point , and a mere six feet , two inches width at its narrowest .
The four-story building makes the best of its space , however . Every floor of the home almost feels like its own studio apartment , with tight , narrow staircases holding everything together .
Despite its size , the house on 44 Hull St. comes with a full kitchen , two bedrooms , one bathroom , laundry , a roof deck and large backyard .
The story of the skinny house is one of betrayal and spite . The property is said to have been passed down to two brothers to share .
However , when one of the siblings went away to fight in the Civil War , their brother took up arms in their own way and built a large house on the property . When the sibling returned to find their share of the land `` invaded '' by their brother , they fought back by building the skinny house , which blocked their brother 's view of the sun and hillside scenery .
The house lacks much a view now , but sandwiched between two brick and mortar buildings , the building has become its own sight and spectacle .
Hah-Hah ! POTUS Trump Dares Crooked Hillary to Run Against Him in 2020
In vintage form , President Trump took to Twitter Monday to dare their former presidential rival Hillary Clinton to run against them in 2020 .
“ I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020 ? My answer was , “ I hope so ! , ” tweeted President Trump .
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020 ? My answer was , `` I hope so ! '' — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 16 , 2017
FOX News reports :
A Clinton spokesperson did not immediately respond to Fox News ' request for comment in response to the president 's tweet . If Clinton did , in fact , decide to run again in 2020 , it would be their third attempt at the White House . Clinton has given little indication that they plan to run again , but instead has done a series of media interviews , promoting , “ What Happened , ” their new memoir which tells the full , 469-page “ story ” of the 2016 election , detailing what they “ saw , felt and thought during two of the most intense years ” she 's ever experienced .
Hillary Clinton is currently on an international promo tour for their new book “ What Happened , ” while the conservative media is pounding Clinton for refusing to return Harvey Weinstein 's donations to the Clinton Foundation .
Not One Cent ! @ ClintonFdn will not return one cent of Harvey Weinstein donations- What a shock ! pic.twitter.com/hbd7rL7dXo — Jim Hoft ( @ gatewaypundit ) October 16 , 2017
The Clinton Foundation received nearly $ 250,000 from pal sexual abuser Harvey Weinstein over the years .
The Daily Mail reported :
The Clinton Foundation told DailyMail.com it will not return as much as $ 250,000 in donations from Harvey Weinstein , saying on Sunday the money had already been spent on the organization 's programs and used for charitable purposes . The foundation 's decision comes as politicians and philanthropic groups grapple with whether to return donations they have received from Weinstein , after numerous women stepped forward this month to accuse the movie mogul of sexual assault , harassment and rape . Over a dozen Democratic politicians have said they will give back or donate Weinstein 's campaign contributions to charity . The Clinton Foundation faced questions about Weinstein 's funding after Hillary Clinton said last week they would re-gift their campaign donations to charity .
There is a standing motto with the Clinton Cartel that was first discovered thanks to Wikileaks .
“ Take the Money ! ”
Hillary staffers encouraged each other to take shady donations .
It 's part of the Clinton culture of corruption .
That 's the 45-year backdrop to the violence , now stanched , that saw Luos who felt cheated in the Dec. 27 election chasing Kikuyus from their homes and Kikuyus killing in reprisal .
History is prologue . Back in the 1960s , Obama 's father , shaped by their American experience , warned that “ tribalism was going to ruin the country , ” according to the senator 's memoir . Kenyatta , a Kikuyu , punished the “ old man ” for their frankness .
Odinga 's father also suffered as a Luo . Oginga Odinga , the first vice-president to Kenyatta , was arrested in 1969 after ethnic violence in the Luo-dominated western city of Kisumu , near the Obama homestead . Today , burnt buildings and shattered stores line Kisumu once again .
But we 're beyond tribalism , right ?
Wrong . The main forces in the world today are the modernizing , barrier-breaking sweep of globalization and the tribal reaction to it , which lies in the assertion of religious , national , linguistic , racial or ethnic identity against the unifying technological tide .
Photo
Connection and fragmentation vie . The Internet opens worlds and minds , but also offers opinions to reinforce every prejudice . You 're never alone out there ; some idiot will always back you . The online world does n't dissolve tribes . It gives them global reach .
Jihadism , with its mirage of a restored infidel-free Caliphate , is perhaps the most violent tribal reaction to modernity . But fundamentalism is no Islamic preserve ; it has its Christian , Jewish , Hindu and other expressions .
America 's peaceful tribes are also out in force . As Obama and Hillary Clinton engage in the long war for the Democratic nomination , we have the black vote , and the Latino vote , and the women-over-50 vote , and the Volvo-driving liberal-intellectual vote , and the white blue-collar vote , and the urban vote , and the rural vote , and the under-30s vote — sub-groups with shared social , cultural , linguistic or other traits and interests .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
That 's democracy at work . Sure . But the United States is divided , within itself and from the world , in growing ways .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It is divided by war , by income chasms , by foreclosures , by political polarization and by culture wars . Increasingly it is looked upon from outside with dismay or alarm . Healing , within and without , will be a central task of the next president .
For several years now , Obama has made the possibility of unity beyond division the core of their politics . That 's just poetry , the pooh-poohing Clinton people say , but governing is about the prose of experience and grit .
I see plenty of Obama prose , in new proposals for national service , for more equitable taxation , for health care , for international dialogue ; and in their unique experience , both personal and professional , of reaching across continental , racial , religious and class lines . Their grit is self evident . Look where they came from .
I looked . Those charred buildings and smashed windows in Kisumu are borne somewhere in Obama 's soul , just as the words of their half-sister Auma are when they described their elusive father 's travails : Kenyatta telling them “ he would not work again until they had no shoes on their feet. ” On the south side of Chicago , Obama has lived the American refractions of such violent division .
If I was to sum up this presidential race , I 'd say : “ It 's the generations , stupid . ”
An American generation under 45 has glimpsed an interconnected world beyond race and tribe . They know its attainment will be elusive but , after a bleak season , they feel summoned by what Lincoln called “ the better angels of our nature. ” And , speaking of experience , they know Lincoln came to the presidency with all of two years in Congress behind him , and a failed Senate campaign .
Looking out from Kenya , where they mediated an end to the tribal violence , Kofi Annan , the former United Nations secretary general , told me : “ I think an Obama presidency would be inspirational , an incredible development in the world . ”
Image Comics : Chip , Kagan , what in the world is KAPTARA about ?
Chip Zdarsky : It 's a classic `` stranded on an alien planet '' story , but the planet in question is filled with ludicrous He-Man-style characters ! Our crash-landed hero is Keith Kanga , a guy who does n't necessarily want to be a hero , but is thrown into a position where they have to save their crashed crew and ( gasp ! ) p-p-planet Earth ? ?
Kagan McLeod : Yeah , it 's like Lord of the Rings meets Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure or The Tick on Eternia .
IC : What 's the story of how you two came to be a duo ?
CZ : Oh , Kagan and I have known each other since our art school days . After graduation we started a studio with Cameron Stewart and Ben Shannon here in Toronto . It was a ton of fun , most of it stemming from our group sketchbook , where we came up with crazy characters in order to make each other laugh . Kagan was definitely the best at that game .
KM : Chip wanted to write something for Image and me asked if I drew it , what would interest me . Some of the most fun we 've had together was making those silly drawings in the studio , so it had to be something where we could surprise each other with weird characters . Our alien planet is a clean slate , and we 've populated it with a motivational sidekick , a naked wizard , a Garfield woman , and an American Gladiators reject , among others .
IC : Chip , what do you like most about working with Kagan ?
CZ : It 's actually hard to choose what I like most ! He 's the greatest illustrator I know , really . But I have to say my favourite thing about Kagan is their ability to create drawings that make you laugh . If they were born in a different time he 'd be a classic MAD Magazine artist . They make it all look so effortless .
IC : Kagan , what do you like most about working with Chip ?
KM : Drawing comics is so much of a time commitment that I doubt I 'd work on one with anyone else . I know them really well , our senses of humour are similar , and we 're both laid back enough that the collaboration part is a breeze ( just the labour of drawing is hard ) . When writing he 's not precious about the minutia , which gives the artist a lot of free range to have fun with . Being an artist themselves helps with that . The body language , camera angles , or background stuff are n't set in stone in the script stage , and they know what shortcuts artists sometimes need to take to make drawing comics manageable . And of course , he 's really funny .
IC : Between SEX CRIMINALS and KAPTARA , and , er , the rest of your career , you 've shown that you `` get '' funny comics . As a writer , how do you approach humor in comics ? Do you do things like suggesting body language for your collaborator , or are you more loose with scripting ?
CZ : Well , I 've been incredibly lucky with my collaborators . They 've all been super adept at humour , so the best thing to do is just stay out of their way . If a joke really needs a specific bit of body language I 'll suggest it , but that 's as far as I 'll go . Once , I sent a photo of me doing an expression to Joe on Howard the Duck , just 'cause it was a complicated set of emotions I was trying to get across in the script and me no write good enough for that .
IC : You 're clearly having a lot of fun on KAPTARA , and the book is weird , thanks to the cat tanks , orbs , and other creatures . How did you decide on a visual style for the series , from the palette on down ? Was there anything you backed away from as being too weird , or is everything fair game ?
KM : Well , I think cool lycra space suits and hi-tech stuff are a challenge for me to draw , so I steered the visual look towards fur and armour as fast as I could . My memory of watching He-Man as a kid seems to be clouded with a lot of magentas and purples , so I used that as the starting point for the palette . I do n't think any of it was intentionally meant to be psychedelic , but I 'm happy people find it to be so . One of the tricky things with the book being sort of a parody is finding the spot where it 's more overboard than what we 're referencing ( He-Man and its ripoffs had some pretty wacky characters ) but not so far over that it does n't fit the world comfortably . Characters that directly refer to earthly pop culture would n't work for KAPTARA , though puns that would only make sense in English still get a pass . Get ready for Bezerkules , Fistopheles , and Grandpire . Chip has n't seen this yet , so I 'm not sure if it 's canon , but I drew a background character in homage to everyone 's favourite homoerotic spring-action figure Ram Man . He 's named Thrust Gust and they knock people down with the wind from their pelvic pumps .
Rory Smith breaks down all 32 teams in the 2018 World Cup . There can only be one champion , but stars — and the idea of what qualifies as a successful tournament — will arrive in many forms .
[ RELATED : Here 's how France won the World Cup ]
Group A
Best World Cup Fourth place , as the Soviet Union ( 1966 ) ; as Russia , it has never advanced out of the group stage in three tries
How did they qualify ? Automatically , as the host . Russia 's form over the last two years , though , has been patchy : the occasional creditable result , like a draw against Spain , but sapping setbacks , too , including a heavy defeat against the Ivory Coast and a disappointing display in the Confederations Cup .
What can we expect ? There is a genuine fear in Russia that , whether or not the World Cup as a whole is a success , on the field it might become only the second host nation — joining South Africa in 2010 — to be eliminated in the group stage .
Mythologized and misunderstood , few creatures capture the imagination as sharks do .
FindYourStampsValue.com is glad to present this sheet of stamps by USPS that showcases five types of these amazing fish , which emerged long before dinosaurs and are now uniquely adapted for their top-predator role in the marine food chain . Let 's appreciate the design of these bright items together !
Each realistic stamp image is labeled by species : “ MAKO SHARK , ” “ THRESHER SHARK , ” “ GREAT WHITE SHARK , ” “ WHALE SHARK , ” and “ HAMMERHEAD SHARK . '' Styled in lowercase letters , the words “ usa forever ” also appear on each stamp .
As difficult as it can be to put our primal fears and vulnerabilities in perspective , people are realizing that we pose far greater danger to sharks than they do to us . They are overfished for food and sport . The practice of “ finning ” —cutting off shark fins for a soup delicacy , only to throw the incapacitated animal back in the water—dooms a great many sharks .
They are slower to reach reproductive maturity than other fish , and though they bear more developed offspring , because of unsustainable fishing this is no longer an evolutionary advantage over egg laying . Many populations are in collapse .
There is new hope , however . Shark ecotourism has become popular worldwide with enthusiasts excited to see these graceful fish underwater . Shark allure is resulting in increased study and greater understanding of these fantastic , still mysterious creatures .
With the switch from the standard PITCHf/x pitch-tracking system to Trackman , a few missteps are to be expected . Dave Cameron , for example , recently pointed out that we have to be careful about reporting velocity right now . Jeff Zimmerman gave us a way to convert old velocities into today 's reality , and Tom Tango offered up way to use current readings to approximate velocities as they were calculated by the previous methodology . For those interested in the simplest possible method , it appears as though subtracting three-quarters of a mile per hour from a pitcher 's reported velocity arrives at roughly the same figure as the previous system would have produced .
But that does n't account for the situation in its entirety . If we look at what Brandon Finnegan did in their first ( excellent ) start , we 'll notice that the movement numbers are also a little off right now . It 's enough to want to throw your hands up and just emote , as I did on the latest episode of our Sleeper and The Bust podcast .
It 's okay to express frustration . It 's cathartic and release is good . Breathe deeply through the nose .
But we also need to pick ourselves up and dust ourselves off . Finnegan did not , as the leaderboards suggest , just record the ninth-most ride on a fastball that we 've witnessed over the last 15 years . That 's not what was so impressive about the movement and velocities of their pitches in their 2017 debut . But discovering what was impressive can help us better navigate the suddenly unsteady waters of pitcher analysis .
What 's going on with the movement numbers is a little different than what 's happening with their velocity equivalents . There may be some difference due to tracking the ball straight out of the hand versus tracking it from a standardized point in space , but it 's more about calibration . We have a new system of trackers , so we have a new system of errors from park to park . We 're back in 2002 , trying to figure out which parks have a hot gun , and which parks have weird movement numbers . The O.C . and The Sopranos are on TV and we 're listening to Outkast 's “ Hey Ya ” on the radio .
So , in order to create some standard adjustments , smart people will be comparing players across different parks and attempt to equalize the numbers so that we do n't have a leaderboard that are full exclusively of this year 's pitchers . As for calculating the ride , specifically , on Brandon Finnegan 's fastball , we can begin by looking at the numbers their opponent , Jerad Eickhoff , recorded and adjust according . Readings suggested that Eickhoff added 4.9 inches of ride to their fastball between last September and this April . Using that figure as a baseline , then Finnegan 's reported 6.0-inch improvement Finnegan actually does hint at a real change . It suggests Finnegan might have added an inch of ride ( 6.0 vs 4.9 ) between last year and this one .
But that just represents a simple test case . Clayton Kershaw , pitching in Los Angeles , added about three inches of ride between last year and this . We ca n't just subtract five inches from every pitcher and call it a day . So we 'll work on calibrating the different systems and bring them online . That 'll take a while , though . What can we do in the meantime ? What 's our three-quarters of a mile per hour shorthand here ?
There might not be one . But we can take some hope from the fact that it 's often best to compare a pitcher to themselves — in other words , to look at the pitcher 's pitches compared to their fastball . The fastball sets the tone , and the other pitches play off of it . So if you can define movement within the pitcher 's arsenal , then you can compare it to their previous offerings .
Let 's do that for Finnegan 's changeup , since they had one of the most improved changeups of last year 's second half . Here 's the movement and velocity on their changeup compared to their fastball at three different points : early last year , in September last year , and in their first start of the year . Remember that drop is more important than ride for swinging strikes , and that velocity gap is also good for swinging strikes .
Brandon Finnegan 's Changeup vs. Their Fastball Time Period Velo Gap Horiz Diff Vertical Diff First Half 16 7.0 2.4 3.9 September 16 9.9 1.8 3.9 April 17 9.0 1.3 5.9 SOURCE : Brooks Baseball All aspects compared to Finnegan 's four-seamer
The immediate takeaway is that Finnegan has improved their changeup once again . The added ride on their four-seamer has created another two inches of difference between their four-seamer and their changeup , a gap that can lead to swings and misses . They also kept most of their improved velocity gap , which is good news . They did this , which is also good news :
There 's some doubt here , of course , concerning to which fastball we should compare the changeup . Finnegan threw more sinkers than four-seamers on Wednesday , and we could have used that sinker for comparison . If we do , the lefty only improved their drop by 1.5 inches instead of 2.0 . But if you look at Baseball Prospectus ' tunneling stats , you 'll see that Finnegan used their changeup and four-seamer in tandem last year just as often as they used their sinker and changeup together ( 105 vs 107 , respectively ) . The general analysis holds . It 's hard to be more specific right now , anyway .
Finnegan threw the changeup 16 times on Wednesday . It got two whiffs and was put in play four times , all of them resulting in an out . More importantly , it showed that they ( probably ) kept most of the gains that they made late last year , when they improved the changeup and gave themselves four different legitimate pitches . They might have even made it even better .
Share . Time is on your side in this stylish , story-driven shooter from the House of Payne . Time is on your side in this stylish , story-driven shooter from the House of Payne .
The main characters of Quantum Break may frequently find themselves stuck in time , yet developer Remedy Entertainment appears to have no such problem . The team behind Max Payne and Alan Wake has successfully managed to evolve its signature style of cinematic shoot-'em-up for its latest release ; seamlessly melding digital gunplay and TV-inspired storytelling without compromising the quality of either side of the experience . While I wish the combat stakes had been raised a little higher in its second half , Quantum Break remains a stylish and often-exhilarating third-person shooter wrapped up in a tautly paced tale of time travel .
Consisting of five gameplay acts interspersed with four breakneck-paced episodes of a live-action TV-style show , Quantum Break opens - as so many great sci-fi stories do - with a catastrophic accident in a research lab , one that creates a potentially world-ending fracture in time and imbues ( or perhaps , infects ) both the hero and their chief antagonist with time-bending powers .
Exit Theatre Mode
Chrono Triggers
In the hands of hero Jack Joyce , this satisfying suite of superpowers works in tandem with more traditional cover-based shooter mechanics to take the bullet time of Remedy 's original Max Payne games to ... Well , the max . Joyce can blink-teleport from one side of the room to the other , slowing down time long enough to blindside an enemy with a shotgun blast . They can momentarily suspend an enemy in a time bubble , unload a full submachine gun clip into it , and allow the bubble to burst so that two dozen headshots all arrive at once . They can create an impenetrable time shield , sprint past sniper fire like the Flash , and even charge up and hurl ‘ time bombs ' to scatter groups of enemies like shrieking dandelion spores . The downside to such a range is that half a dozen different cooldown timers on screen are easily mixed up during the heat of a battle .
“ Frequent stutters in time create eye-popping dioramas out of the destruction around you .
While it 's still grounded amidst the typical shooter tropes - every warehouse area seems to have taken a fresh delivery from Acme Explosive Barrel Company , for example - Quantum Break does facilitate some truly unique playgrounds for its time-stopping action to unfold in . Frequent stutters in time create eye-popping dioramas out of the destruction around you . Dispatched enemies cartwheel back from bullet impacts and freeze in midair , the bloodspray from their exit wounds crystallizing in the air like icicles of claret . Out-of-control cars become trapped in an infinite instant replay as they crash , rewind , and crash again . Innocent bystanders are caught in a state of suspended animation , their morning coffee spilling into a frozen arc in front of their stunned faces . It 's a unique and wonderfully eerie environment to inhabit - like wandering around inside a 3D screenshot - and certainly a stylish space in which to live out your every violent , Wachowski-inspired whim .
The only problem is that Jack goes from unassuming everyman to heat-packing superhero in the space of the first few hours , and their relatively rapid ascent to gun-toting Time Lord is to Quantum Break 's slight detriment as a whole . Since it seems to be in such a rush to give you all these neat powers up front , it leaves nothing new in reserve for the entire second half , which means the initial freshness of these frozen-in-time firefights starts to feel somewhat stale long before you reach the conclusion after 10 hours .
Some measures are taken to spice things up along the way , such as the introduction of enemies that can teleport like Joyce , and of course the obligatory tank-like troops who turn up to soak up an obnoxiously above-average amount of bullets , but for the most part your tactics remain the same right up to and including the final confrontation . While there is a superficial upgrade system that incrementally improves Joyce 's existing powers , I wish the introduction of the powers themselves had been spread out over Quantum Break 's duration to offer a more gradual sense of character progression . Failing that , it 's a shame there are n't more interesting new ways to use their powers in the later levels in order to evolve the action a bit more in the second half . As it is , it 's a case of too much too soon , and it eventually becomes a touch repetitive .
Exit Theatre Mode
Split Decisions
What kept me playing despite the waning combat novelty was the strength of Quantum Break 's story , and the method by which it 's told . Tales of time travel are inherently paradoxical , but Quantum Break 's spin on the idea serves up some meaty twists and turns without ever becoming convoluted .
Part of that is due to the way that at the end of each gameplay act a ‘ juncture ' occurs , wherein you 're temporarily given control of the villain , Paul Serene . Serene has the ability to foresee the consequences of their actions , and thus you 're given a choice between two outcomes that will directly impact the subsequent episode of the live-action series , and have later in-game ramifications . These choices are never black and white , and adding to their complexity is the fact you have to weigh up how they 'll impact both Quantum Break 's heroes , and villains . For example , after the initial accident at the university you 're given the choice of creating a smear campaign to make Joyce look like a terrorist in the media , or alternatively slaughtering the students protesting the closure of the campus library and making the public fear Serene 's Monarch corporation .
When Porsche asked if we wanted to drive the Porsche Cayman GT4 road car back to back with the two GT4 Clubsport race track versions you can imagine what our answer was ! So here I am at the Lausitzring race track 90 minutes South of Berlin behind the wheel of a sparkling blue Cayman GT4 .
The Porsche Cayman GT4 and GT4 Clubsport surpassed all Porsche 's expectations . In total 5,000 GT4s and 420 GT4 Clubsport race cars have been sold . This makes the GT4 Clubsport the most sold race car and there must be a good reason why . Let 's find out !
At a first glance at the performance specs the Cayman GT4 and GT4 Clubsport do n't seem all that different . Both come with Porsche 's 3.8 litre flat-six engine that produces 385hp and 420Nm of torque and a top speed just shy of 300 km/h . We praised the Porsche Cayman GT4 for it 's handling and purist approach : manual gearbox only and a suspension setup that works both on the road as track .
To create the track-only Clubsport version Porsche took the regular GT4 and stripped it off unnecessary features and weight . But they certainly did n't stop there . They added the front suspension from the GT3 Cup car along with its braking system . Initially the GT4 Clubsport was planned to offer customers an affordable track day and club racing car , but having seen the potential customers soon asked for a homologated version to race in GT4 race series around the globe .
This is where Manthey Racing comes in to play . Together with Porsche they developed an even more hardcore and racing oriented version of the Clubsport dubbed Porsche Cayman GT4 Clubsport MR . It features a 2-way adjustable race suspension kit that allows more versatility over the 30mm lower Clubsport suspension . It also offers a carbon fibre 100 liters FT3 safety fuel tank with quick fill option along with more than a dozen other things .
Porsche Cayman GT4 1 of 20
But before I go down into too much detail it is time to take the Cayman GT4 out on the Lausitzring . This track was initially designed as an oval but the DTM used part of the oval along with the infield frequently in recent years . We will drive the DTM layout today which includes the main straight and part of the back straight with a nice combination of faster and tighter corners on the infield .
The Cayman GT4 comes with bucket seats , manual six speed gearboxes and a sports exhausts . Most things like the navigation system and climate control are carried over from the regular last-gen Cayman , although you can have them removed to save some additional weight . Firing up the engine we quickly hit the sports button as well as the exhaust button to get the addictive full bodied six-cylinder sound .
The Cayman GT4 has a lovely short-shift manual which gives lovely throttle blips on downshifts and feels very natural from the second you engage first gear . The Lausitzring has a few lovely long fast corners where you can get a good feel of the grip and cornering capabilities of the car . As I get to know the track better the cornering speeds go up , up to the point where it is hard to comprehend just how fast the Cayman GT4 goes around bends . It feels a bit like a go-kart as I swing from corner to corner .
After a few laps in the GT4 it is time for the real deal . I was already wearing a race suit and helmet but to drive the race car I have to connect a HANS , head and neck support , to my helmet for additional safety . As soon as I open the GT4 Clubsport 's door for the first time I immediately notice this is a different beast entirely . Some parts like the top of the dashboard and the window and climate control switches remain but the rest of the interior is stripped down to bare essentials only .
Porsche Cayman GT4 Clubsport and Clubsport MR 1 of 27
The GT4 Clubsport comes with a full roll cage as standard and climbing through it requires some practice . The seats are very tight to offer maximum side support and one of the Porsche employees helps to strap me into the 6-point harness .
Noteworthy is the PDK gearbox fitted as standard , and only option , in the race car . The road GT4 is fitted with a manual gearbox by popular demand but for the race track the PDK is simply the preferred and faster option .
The tires have the biggest impact on the track lap times . Fitted with – and setup for – slicks , the Cayman GT4 Clubsport does the Nurburgring Nordschleife 30 seconds faster as the road legal GT4 bringing the overall time down to a very respectable 7 minutes 10 seconds .
The first meters out on the track in the GT4 Clubsport a big smile builds on my face and it lasted for hours . The braking , cornering and especially grip is on a new – almost surreal level . The suspension is 30mm lower which makes the ride a fair bit harder and especially coming up to the straights there are quite a few bumps that unset the car a bit . Luckily the next chapter in our GT4 test drive offers a solution for that problem .
By popular demand the Porsche Cayman GT4 Clubsport has been homologated for the VLN , SRO GT4 Series , Pirelli GT3 Cup Trophy USA and several other series . Porsche did the development together with Manthey Racing which also offers conversion kits for existing Cayman GT4 Clubsport models . Getting out of the GT4 Clubsport into the Clubsport MR feels like a big leap again .
Porsche Cayman GT4 and Cayman GT4 Clubsport - Details 1 of 17
The brakes in the GT4 Clubsport MR have no brake booster so you have to apply quite a bit of pressure to get the desired braking performance . But that aside the Clubsport MR has by far the most pleasant suspension setup of the three cars we drove today . The cornering capabilities are mind blowing and bumps are absorbed without me noticing them .
If the Cayman GT4 is a go-kart , the GT4 Clubsport MR is a go-kart on steroids ! The laps fly by and before I know it the ‘ pit-in ' board appears on the main straight . Compared to the Clubsport the Recaro P1300 GT race seats are also a bit wider and therefor more comfortable . It shows that stiffer and lower is not always better and in this case the ‘ Nurburgring setting ' also worked its wonders here .
Overall it was a great experience to drive these three road and race cars back to back and see the effort it took to turn a road car into a very capable and fast race car . For those lucky enough to own a GT4 Clubsport I would seriously recommend converting to a Clubsport MR as it adds a lot more than just homologation .
Porsche once again proved it is as well at home on the road as on the race track . The biggest downside of the Cayman GT4 and GT4 Clubsport being that they are all sold out !
ABBOTTABAD , Pakistan -- Pakistani police say they have arrested 13 members of a local tribal council who strangled a local girl and set their body on fire for helping one of their friends elope .
Khurram Rasheed , police chief for the northern district of Abbottabad , said Thursday that the charred body of 17-year-old Ambreen Riasat was found in a burned van in the tourist resort of Donga Gali on April 29 .
They say the girl was strangled and then put them in the same van their friend had used to elope . The van was then set on fire .
In Pakistan , where nearly 1,000 women are killed every year in the name of honor , women defying their family in the name of love is considered a source of shame .
According to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , an independent watchdog , there have been more than 15,000 cases of `` honor killings '' in the country since 2004 .
You know your business needs Online Ordering . It 's just a matter of when . In recent years , the hospitality industry has been flooded with providers who can offer your business every service in the equation – from promoting your business online , to the online ordering aggregation and even providing you with drivers to deliver the orders and the application to track the drivers while they are on the road delivering .
So much noise . Who , why and how are the questions we are constantly being asked by hospitality operators . Better yet – does it integrate and how much of a clip will it take from the overall profits ?
OrderMate Online is a completely integrated platform which means all the orders from your online platform go straight into the Point of Sale – no double handling or double entry .
Here are some examples of smart operators who use OrderMate Online . THANKS ALBERT
ZUSHI
SALT MEATS CHEESE
Read More
Obtained by ABC News
Brian and Deborah Campbell 's backyard has been hit by a plague straight out of the Bible . Locusts , thousands of them , are eating through their commercial garden , destroying crops and leaving the once-thriving area nearly completely barren .
`` We do n't know what to do , '' Deborah Campbell told local station KCRA . `` We do n't know how to stop it . We 're just breeding them now . ''
The locusts have also infested the garden of Brad Lucchese . They have decimated their produce , eating everything but the tomatoes . Lucchese told KCRA that their chickens are having a field day feasting upon the locusts . However , there are n't nearly enough chickens to stop the thousands of bugs .
As of today , the problem is confined to a relatively small area in the town of Herald , Calif. , known as `` the grove , '' but locals fear that it will grow and spread , infesting more gardens and threatening vineyards in the area .
It seemed like a good idea at the time : instead of going after people who participate in the black market for prescription narcotics , the Drug Enforcement Agency decided to target the drug manufacturers and force them to monitor their wholesale distributors .
Their logic : if drug companies kept track of their own shipments and maintained close supervision over the shipping and distribution , it would be easier to prevent those prescriptions from falling into the hands of street dealers and addicts . In most cases , the strategy actually worked . However , at least 13 drug wholesale companies fell down on the job . As a result , a vast amount of prescription narcotics wound up being illegally obtained by abusers and drug dealers .
This goes a long way toward explaining the exploding rate of addiction to prescription pain killers in the U.S. over the past several years – and why law enforcement and public health agencies have had little success in controlling it .
It was n't just the drug distribution companies at fault . An investigation by the Washington Post found that DEA officials stopped doing their jobs as well starting in January of 2013 . On one side , distributors failed to report suspicious activity ( such as unusually large orders of a particular drug ) as legally required , while on the other , DEA officers dragged their heels on enforcement action – and even blocked such efforts altogether . This would up hamstringing field investigators .
Three of the companies identified in the scandal are McKesson , Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen , all large firms that distribute approximately 85 % of prescription drugs sold in the U.S . However , most of the other companies named in the scandal are either regional operations or small businesses with only a handful of employees . And those may not be all of them ; the DEA has not disclosed how many companies they have investigated who now face legal action .
The only comment received from the DEA is one administrator who said they “ have good folks in place and are moving in the right direction . ”
Nor have representatives of the 13 distribution companies involved have had anything to say . Some that have been sued by the DEA have tried to fight off the charges , but have either lost their cases or wound up settling them . So far , the federal government as assessed nearly $ 290 million in fines and penalties . The larger distribution firms have lost licenses to ship prescriptions from certain warehouses .
During court proceedings , these companies complained that keeping track of shipments across dozens of dispensaries and pharmacies is a difficult task . They argue that illegal sales have been facilitated by physicians who write questionable prescriptions and pharmacists who are n't particular about who they 're selling to . It does n't help that in many cases , these prescriptions were supplied to online pharmacies , which allow patients to obtain prescriptions without having been to a doctor .
The bottom line : nobody , from the drug manufacturers , to the distributors , to the pharmacies , and even prescribing physicians – as well as the DEA – were paying attention to what was going on . Meanwhile , the number of Americans dying from opioid overdose – 165,000 since the beginning of the present century – continues to rise .
Nine point four two . We 're years past the point of obsessing over ERA , understanding that it 's a flawed stat subject to the whims of defense , league , and park effects , that other metrics offer a clearer picture of a pitcher 's value . But in the offseason following the worst September collapse in baseball history , where a regime change offered the promise of a fresh start but instead brought little more than a couple of relief pitchers , that number slaps you in the face . When your team trades its starting shortstop for a soft-tossing right-hander who posted a 9.42 ERA in Triple-A last season , there 's only one question left to be asked :
What the hell are the Red Sox doing ?
Boston 's trade of Marco Scutaro to the Rockies for Clay Mortensen makes no sense as a stand-alone deal . The erstwhile Red Sox shortstop is coming off the second-best season of their career , hitting a robust .299/.358/.423 ( the average MLB shortstop hit .263/.317/.380 last season ) . FanGraphs rated Scutaro as roughly average with the glove and on the basepaths , netting out 2.9 Wins Above Replacement ( 2 WAR is average for an everyday player ) . That strong performance came one year after Scutaro posted 2.4 WAR for the 2010 Red Sox . Given that they made about $ 6 million a year for those two seasons , that the average cost for 1 Win Above Replacement fell between $ 4 million and $ 5 million , and that Scutaro would have made $ 6 million on a team option in 2012 , the Red Sox gave up a player who had been a good bargain . You can argue that a 36-year-old shortstop is a risky proposition and that Scutaro 's injuries are a real concern , and still end up with a player who 's better than anyone out there on the open market , or any of the in-house options available to the Red Sox .
Meanwhile , Mortensen is a right-handed pitcher with a high-80s fastball who has been traded three times in the past two and a half years . They did follow up that nightmarish 9.42 ERA at Triple-A last year with a surprising 3.86 mark in 58 big league frames , though in both cases their defense-independent pitching suggested a number well over 5.00 . Mortensen struggles to make batters swing and miss , they walk too many batters for someone with iffy strikeout rates , and when hitters do lift the ball against their oft-used sinker , it often leaves the park . If everything breaks right for him , they could be a 12th man on a pitching staff .
The terribly kept secret here is that flipping Scutaro saves the Red Sox a chunk of money that can be used to get help elsewhere . Roy Oswalt has been cited as the leading candidate for a pitching staff that struggled behind Josh Beckett , Jon Lester , and the oft-injured Clay Buchholz last year ( the Red Sox finished 22nd in ERA and 20th in FIP in 2011 ) . How much would the Red Sox stand to gain if they sign Oswalt to be their no . 4 starter ? Here 's what ESPN Insider 's Dan Szymborski 's ZiPS projection system sees for Oswalt , compared to the man he 'd likely replace :
ROY OSWALT : 11-7 , 3.96 ERA , 152.1 IP , 157 H , 14 HR , 38 BB , 102 K , 111 ERA+ , 2.6 WAR
ALFREDO ACEVES : 8-7 , 4.48 ERA , 140.2 IP , 146 H , 16 HR , 49 BB , 90 K , 98 ERA+ , 1.5 WAR
Even with some pessimism attached to Oswalt over their advancing age , nagging back problems , and a switch to the loaded AL East , ZiPS still sees plenty of value in signing him , especially if it 's a one-year deal worth around $ 10 million ( or less ) , as has been speculated in many circles . There 's a compounding effect in play , too , where signing Oswalt could strengthen both the rotation and the bullpen . Fresh off a monster 2011 performance as Boston 's long man , Aceves gets a big projection for 2012 if Oswalt pushes them to the pen , with 71 innings , a 3.28 ERA , and 1.7 WAR . ZiPS is n't a big fan of Aaron Cook , Vicente Padilla , or Carlos Silva , the three scrap-heap starters the Sox nabbed to theoretically compete for the no . 4 , with Daniel Bard ticketed for the fifth spot in the rotation .
Meanwhile , ZiPS projected Scutaro to post 2.3 WAR in 2012 were they to remain Boston 's everyday shortstop , vs. 1.7 WAR for a time-share consisting of decent-bat/lousy-glove Mike Aviles and slick-fielding banjo hitter Nick Punto . So if this essentially amounts to a Scutaro-for-Oswalt trade , the Sox could conceivably gain a game or two in the standings .
To find out exactly how much money Boston figured to save for its Oswalt fund , WEEI.com 's Alex Speier broke down the impact of dumping Scutaro for a right-handed Lenny DiNardo . There 's some complicated math involved , but if you take Scutaro 's $ 6 million salary , then add the money the Sox stood to lose via the luxury tax , you get $ 7.67 million . The Boston Globe ‘ s Nick Cafardo offers their own sober analysis , noting that the Yankees struck gold on Bartolo Colon and Freddy Garcia last year , and that there 's nothing inherently wrong with being careful how you spend your money . Some hoser made a similar argument not once , but twice about the Yankees ' frugal offseason .
None of this explains why a team with a cash cow of a ballpark like Fenway , a money-minting machine like NESN , and many other lucrative revenue streams would need to trade a perfectly capable starting shortstop for a perfectly capable doorstop . The Red Sox claimed the Rockies were the only team willing to absorb all of Scutaro 's salary , which is why they consummated the deal . As if sweating the final few million should have been the top priority in a Scutaro trade , and not , say , getting a real prospect in return .
There 's a difference between being shrewd with your money and just plain cheap . The Yankees waited out a loaded market for good-but-not-great starting pitchers , finally landing Hiroki Kuroda on a one-year deal . They doubled down by trading a very good but flawed young hitter for a very good though slightly vulnerable starting pitcher , thus addressing their biggest need . The Red Sox might also be on the verge of signing a solid veteran pitcher for one year after waiting out the market . But they also felt it necessary to dump a key player for nothing , just to find enough dough to ( maybe ) sign that pitcher they may or may not get . As if John Henry does n't have the wherewithal to do this anytime they please .
The Scutaro deal was n't the only perplexing move the Red Sox have made this offseason , nor even the first time they 've ditched a would-be starting shortstop . Last month , Boston flipped Jed Lowrie and Kyle Weiland to the Astros for reliever Mark Melancon . Lowrie 's faults are no secret , starting with their own frequent injuries . But he 'd also shown they could hit when healthy , and presented a reasonable Plan B were Scutaro to leave . Meanwhile , Melancon is a relief pitcher . Granted , he 's been a pretty good relief pitcher , posting a 3.47 career FIP with a strikeout-to-walk rate of better than 2-to-1 and a gaudy 55.5 percent ground ball rate . Of course , most of that came after the Yankees traded them ( and Jimmy Paredes ) to the Astros at the 2010 trade deadline .
The good news for the Red Sox is that they get five years of team control . The bad news is , Melancon 's track record of success consists of a year-plus in the NL Central , plus solid minor league numbers from a ninth-round pick . Picking a name out of a hat , Frank Francisco was similarly productive for the past two years while pitching for the Rangers and Jays ; they might have cost as much or more than the two years , $ 12 million the Mets ultimately gave him , but would not have cost Lowrie .
In Cafardo 's piece , the author quotes new GM Ben Cherington and new manager Bobby Valentine discussing the many ways and many time frames in which a team can upgrade its roster . Perhaps by saving money now , the Sox also open the door to a key deadline deal , or to the Jacoby Ellsbury contract extension many Red Sox fans covet . And then there 's this : For all the question marks remaining on the roster , some of the leading projection systems still like the Sox ; some love 'em . Baseball Prospectus alum Clay Davenport has Boston winning 98 games and the AL East title by six games over the Yankees ; the CAIRO prognosticator pegs the Sox for 94 wins and the AL East crown by the slimmest of margins ; and ZiPS figures Boston for 89 wins and a neck-and-neck battle with the reloaded Angels for the AL wild card . Clearly Red Sox brass are n't the only ones looking at the current roster and seeing good things — even great things .
But with Buchholz 's injury concerns , Bard 's inexperience as a starter , and Oswalt 's not-actually-here status , this year 's rotation looks as troubling as last year 's . Carl Crawford 's wrist could make year two of the $ 142 million experiment as ugly as year one . Aviles , Punto , and Iglesias might evoke memories of Julio Lugo sooner than Nomar , Cabrera , or even Scutaro himself . Kevin Youkilis ' health remains troubling , as does their fading range . And Ellsbury might be due for a bit of pullback , if Red Sox senior baseball ops adviser Bill James ' own Plexiglass Principle is to be believed . Shipping Scutaro , Lowrie , Reddick , and the rest out of town this offseason might amount to very little . But none of the players acquired in trade were commodities that could n't have been snagged by simply spending a few bucks . The Red Sox could have kept all or most of those players , inked Ross , Oswalt , a couple of capable relievers , and more , and been a better , deeper team once the dust settled .
It 's tough to look at this offseason and not think anything other than This Red Sox team could have and should have been better , if management had n't suddenly decided to start pinching pennies . And that 's where baseball 's new , stricter salary cap comes in . Go back and re-read Jayson Stark 's thorough take on the cap . Baseball euphemistically calls it the Competitive Balance Tax , as if its purpose is to level the playing field so that the Pirates , Royals , Yankees , and Red Sox can all see eye to eye .
This is , of course , prepostidiculous . On the margins , it can temporarily dissuade the Yanks and Sox ( and maybe the Angels , Dodgers , and Mets in future seasons ) from making that one last acquisition . But whatever minor gains poorer teams might reap are more than washed away by tighter restrictions on draft and international budgets , the lifeblood of small-revenue teams ' efforts to build from within . What the CBT really does is give a few owners the handy excuse they need to pocket more profits . Any kind of cap or drag on salaries is , first and foremost , an attempt by owners to claim a bigger piece of the revenue pie from players . Fairness and altruism have nothing to do with it .
So far this offseason , the Yankees have found a way to stash more of that cash , while also filling their biggest holes . The Red Sox have not .
Maybe this means Boston 's not done , that the pipe dreams of Hanley Ramirez , Gavin Floyd , and Izzy Alcantara martial arts lessons will all come true for the 2012 Red Sox . But right now , it 's tough to see beyond an owner who dropped £35 million for a colossal bust in one sport , $ 82.5 million for another in another , and $ 400-plus million for players ranging from so far , so good to good for a short while to oh no , what have I done , and finally decided , enough is enough .
And here 's the thing : Boston 's thrifty offseason plan , taken as a whole , might end up making at least a little baseball sense . The Rangers added Yu Darvish to a stacked roster . The Angels got Albert Pujols and C.J . Wilson . The Yankees finally have the pitching depth to match their terrifying lineup . The Rays might have their best offense in franchise history . And the Tigers just signed Prince Fielder . If baseball waits a year to add a second wild-card team , two or more very good teams will be going home early , and Boston may well be one of them . Maybe the answer is for the Sox to grab Oswalt , then stand pat from here , knowing Cole Hamels , Matt Cain , and other prizes could await in the next free-agent class .
For Red Sox fans , it might be $ 170 million worth of wait 'til next year .
NEW LibDem leader Tim Farron was dismissed as “ ridiculous ” yesterday after branding Scotland an authoritarian state .
Farron , who won their party 's two-horse leadership race with fewer than 20,000 votes last week , claimed to have expert knowledge on Scotland because they are from Cumbria , near the Border .
Speaking on The Andrew Marr Show , they said : “ I 'm a Cumbrian . I 'm very close to Scotland , we share an ITV region with Scotland and we get a very great sense of what is going on in Scotland .
“ It is important that we south of the Border have an understanding of what nationalism is .
“ First of all I think it is absolutely right to pay tribute to what has been a very exciting movement with the SNP and their success in the election .
“ However , it is important to note what the Nationalists are doing in government . They have a single national politicised police force where police on the streets of the Highlands , and there are n't many streets in the Highlands , are automatically now tooled up .
“ We have an identity database system which is very similar to the one Tony Blair tried to introduce . In Edinburgh they are setting forward with plans to have facial recognition software on CCTV , so there 's a real sense of almost Orwellian Big Brother authoritarianism up there . ”
Following their election , Farron gave their backing to former Scottish secretary Alistair Carmichael , insisting that Scotland 's sole remaining LibDem MP deserves a “ second chance ” following the Frenchgate scandal .
Drew Hendry , who defeated former LibDem Treasury minister Danny Alexander in Inverness , Nairn , Badenoch and Strathspey , laughed off the comments .
They said : “ Tim Farron 's silly comments only serve to highlight to people in Scotland just how out of touch they are with the reality north of the Border – their claims bear no resemblance to the politically engaged , energised nation Scotland has become since the referendum .
“ His repeated ridiculous remarks about Scotland are embarrassing to their own party – they are so wrong that they underline why their party was comprehensively rejected by the people of Scotland in May , while a poll this week put support for the SNP at 60 per cent on the constituency vote as people continue to put their trust in us . ”
The Scottish Government dismissed the allegations of running a politicised police force and an authoritarian state .
A spokesperson said : “ Police reform and the creation of Police Scotland was widely supported on a cross-party basis and is safeguarding policing in Scotland from Westminster budget cuts .
“ Policing in Scotland is now more local and more accountable than ever before , with an unprecedented level of scrutiny since the move to a single service .
“ Although less than two per cent of officers in Scotland are authorised to carry firearms , they play an important role in keeping communities in Scotland safe from serious threats . ”
Get the biggest rugby stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Warren Gatland 's desire to lead the 2017 Lions to New Zealand may have cooled after the Aviva Premiership final was today confirmed to take place just seven days before the first tour game .
The fixtures for the English top flight have been announced , with the play-off final set for Twickenham on May 27 .
Only a week later on June 3 the Lions are due to kick-off their daunting schedule with a match against a Provincial Union XV in Whangarei on New Zealand 's North Island .
It means they face realistically going into that encounter shorn of a clutch of their best English players , as well as any Celts who happen to play for the clubs which make the final .
The Aviva calendar adds to the problem the Lions already have over the release of any players involved in the latter stages of the French Top 14 , a group that could include Welsh star Leigh Halfpenny .
The ludicrously elongated French campaign runs well into June and Toulon president Mourad Boudjellal has already warned Halfpenny that they expect them to see their club commitments through to the bitter end .
Lions tour manager John Spencer has already indicated that the management want to avoid the situation of players joining the party late having had to see out club duties .
Gatland meanwhile has bemoaned the toughness of the demanding tour schedule which includes matches against all five of New Zealand 's Super Rugby sides as well as three Tests against the All Blacks and a clash with a Maori XV .
The Kiwi is still the favourite to land the head coach position despite overseeing a disappointing tour to their homeland with Wales last month .
An announcement on the appointment is expected in August after a thorough interview process .
How Horror Helps With My Depression
I have severe depression and anxiety- the kind where I do n't leave my bed for days and push myself into isolation . Where I feel like I am drowning in a sea of my own thoughts that I ca n't swim out of . My mental health has adversely affected my life for as long as I can remember , even though I always try to forget . There are many remedies aimed at trying to help those in a situation like mine . I have tried them all . Medication , counselors , long walks on the beach on sunny days . None have seemed to help me and my situation . I hate warm weather anyway , so that is n't really a bad thing . I thought there was no hope left for me until I discovered my own personal remedy . It is n't clinically proven to help and probably is n't for everyone . My remedy for the darkest of times is horror .
I have loved horror for about as long as I have had depression . I remember hiding under my mother 's arm in the cinema while I was watching The Grudge . They did the same with their mother when they first saw Alien as a child . I remember turning away in fear as a family friend played Resident Evil 2 on the Nintendo 64 . This fear grew into love , which grew into an obsession . Now , as an ‘ adult ' , horror helps me when I am at my lowest . Stories of sorrow , fear , regret , and all of the darkest human emotions somehow allows me to quell my own .
As I write this , I can not suggest to anyone in a similar situation as mine to use horror as a coping mechanism . I am not a medical professional , nor have I studied psychology . If you are suffering from mental illness , I recommend that you see a mental health professional . My depression keeps me trapped inside my own mind . The best way I can describe it is that I have thoughts within thoughts . I get to the point where my mind wo n't stop racing , analyzing every aspect of my existence : relationships , friends , family , what I am doing with my life . All of these aspects of my life are scrutinized repeatedly to the point where I am physically and mentally exhausted . All I need is for my mind to stop and focus on something that is n't critical of my existence .
Horror allows me to forget the nagging voices in my head , banging on the insides of my skull . Sitting down to watch a movie , or picking up a controller and experiencing something truly terrifying silences my thoughts . Exploring the foggy town of Silent Hill , or running from a lunatic in the Mount Massive Asylum calms me . It 's weird , right ? Fear is my medication . I become completely absorbed in the world these games have to offer . I ca n't focus on anything else .
Even now , sitting here and having one of the worst depressive moments of my life , my first instinct is to find a horror game and play it . Dealing with the real world right now is too much , so I need to escape . I scoured my games collection for a title I have yet to experience . Grabbing my copy of Outlast 2 , shoving it in my PlayStation , waiting for it to bloody update , I eagerly anticipate the terror that will follow . Running through a cornfield while crazy cultists chase me with torches and pitchforks is exactly what I need right now .
Maybe it has something to do with the mental release horror offers to an audience . Fear , and experiencing something truly terrifying , releases adrenaline and dopamine into the body . The adrenaline makes my heart race , blood is pumped through my body at an increased rate , and I become completely aware of my surroundings and the situation I am in . After I have escaped the terror stalking me , my fear subsides . This leads to my brain releasing the feel-good hormone dopamine . I feel relaxed , happy like I have achieved something . Having my adrenaline increased , followed by the feeling of happiness and calm , stops me from feeling depressed or anxious . Nothing a doctor has prescribed , or a counselor has recommended has made me feel this way .
My depression is ongoing , and I know that it will never truly disappear . I will live with it for the rest of my days until I am six feet under . Luckily , I know that the ghosts and ghouls in the world of video games and movies will always be there for me . Pulling me out of the darkness and helping me get on with my life .
BUENOS AIRES — Argentine voters sent the country 's presidential race into a runoff on Sunday , boosting hopes in the opposition after Mauricio Macri , the mayor of Buenos Aires , made a surprisingly strong showing against the candidate endorsed by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner , according to partial results released by the electoral authorities .
Pointing to a remarkably tight race , Daniel Scioli , a former vice president supported by Mrs. Kirchner , took 35.7 percent of the vote with 84 percent of balloting stations tallied , against 35.3 percent for Mr. Macri . The votes obtained by Mr. Macri , a former president of one of Argentina 's most popular soccer clubs who ran to the right of their rivals , upend a race in which Mr. Scioli was viewed as a strong front-runner .
The candidates signaled an intense new phase of campaigning ahead of the runoff election on Nov. 22 . Sergio Massa , a former ally of Mrs. Kirchner 's who moved into the opposition , could find themselves in the role of kingmaker after securing 21 percent of the vote in the partial count , with analysts questioning whether they will forge an alliance with Mr. Macri .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( Reuters ) - Republican lawmakers in Kentucky passed a bill on Saturday making it the 27th U.S. state to allow workers the right to work in union-represented shops and receive union-negotiated benefits without paying dues to the representing body .
Republican lawmakers in a handful of states has passed similar so called “ right-to-work ” and anti-union laws in recent years . Supporters say the measures spur economic growth while opponents cast the laws as assaults on organized labor and blue-collar workers that limit union revenues .
The effort to pass the legislation in Kentucky came two months after Republicans won control of the state 's General Assembly for the first time since 1921 . Republicans now control both chambers in the state 's legislature and the governor 's office .
A Kentucky Senate committee on Friday passed the “ right-to-work ” bill , sending it to the full Senate , which passed it during a rare Saturday session .
“ I personally have no problem with an individual opting to be part of a labor union ... but government should n't stand in the way of someone who opts not to join a union , ” said Speaker of the House Jeff Hoover in a statement earlier this week .
It is widely expected that Republican Governor Matt Bevin will sign the bill into law in the coming days . If so , Kentucky will immediately become the 27th state and last Southern state to enact “ right-to-work ” legislation .
The state Senate also passed an ultrasound abortion bill that was approved by the House on Thursday .
Supporters of the “ right-to-work ” measure say it will make Kentucky more competitive with neighboring states with similar laws in attracting new business .
Kentucky has been unable to pass “ right-to-work ” legislation in the past because of its strong union ties across the state , labor leaders said . The Republican-led state Senate had passed similar bills in recent years , but House Democrats refused to hear the bills .
“ The future of the fight is in , as best we can , trying to stop the erosion of wages , benefits and safety , ” said Caitlin Lally , a spokesperson for the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 227 in Louisville and vice president of the Greater Louisville Central Labor Council .
Hundreds of Democrats heeded their party leaders ' call for a protest and packed the Capitol rotunda in Frankfort on Saturday .
“ Politicians did n't create the labor movement , and politicians wo n't destroy the labor movement , ” said DeLane Adams , spokesperson for the AFL-CIO Southern regional office .
Suspected New York City bomber Ahmad Khan Rahami referenced now-deceased Islamic State spokesperson Abu Muhammed al-Adnani in their journal , a purported picture of the journal obtained by ABC News reveals .
The bloodstained journal clearly makes reference to seeking “ guidance ” from leading terrorist figures Anwar al-Awlaki and “ Brother Adnani . ”
Adnani rose to chief spokesperson of ISIS , frequently encouraging lone wolf attacks in the West , particularly on non-believers . After the announcement of Adnani 's death , Rita Katz , of Site Intelligence group , tweeted that ISIS supporters calling for lone wolf attacks cite Adnani more than any other terrorist .
In their last public speech , Adnani advised would-be terrorists in the West that attacks on civilians were “ dearer and better for us ” than battlefield victories for ISIS . Rahami 's suspected domestic attack may have been inspired by Adnani 's statement . The FBI criminal complaint against Rahami notes they wrote about “ attacking [ non-believers ] in their backyard . ”
Adnani was the head of an elite special operations branch within ISIS that is creating a network of hundreds of foreign fighters who are actively planning multiple coordinated attacks across Europe .
Rahami was taken into custody Monday after a shootout with New Jersey police . Rahami was born in Afghanistan in 1988 and came to the U.S. as a young child .
Rahami 's reference to Adnani does not necessarily mean the attack was ISIS-inspired or directed . Anwar al-Awlaki was a member of al-Qaida in the Arabian peninsula , but is still seen as a reverential figure by ISIS . Rahami 's journal also made reference to Osama Bin-Laden , Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan , both of whom were affiliated with al-Qaida .
Rahami may not have even acted in the name of any one terrorist group . Their journal references U.S. activity in Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria , and Palestine . The FBI or ABC News have not revealed any explicit declaration of faith to ISIS 's leader Abu Bakr Al-Bagdadi , which is typical of an ISIS-inspired attack .
Follow Saagar Enjeti on Twitter
Send tips to saagar @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Not only can you go down to your local public library and borrow a few ( depending on how big it is , this may not be possible or their selection may be very limited ) but you can also find tons and tons of them online , many for free ( yes , I 'm about to show you where ! ) .
The International Children 's Digital Library
Just go to the Spanish section of The International Children 's Digital Library , and you 'll find that there are currently 168 books in the Spanish section , all of which you can read right there on their website for free ( just click on the book you want , and then click on the link on the left where it says “ Read This Book ” ) ! Awesome , right ? And , for those of you learning other languages , please note the drop-down menu on the above-linked-to-page where you can choose from dozens of other languages as well !
Amazon
Amazon has got a fairly wide selection of children 's books in other languages , including Spanish . In fact , they 've got an entire foreign-language section within their Children 's Books section , with the Spanish one ( here ) being , by far , the largest with 476 books currently listed .
× Cops surround home , find family watching ‘ The Walking Dead '
GREAT FALLS , Mont . — A Montana family was just watching their favorite TV show on Sunday evening .
Police received a 911 call from a neighbor who said they heard “ screaming from a house about someone having a gun , ” according to police notes obtained by the Great Falls Tribune . Officers responded to a “ disturbance possibly involving a gun ” and surrounded the home .
“ We had a whole bunch of guys on that one , ” Great Falls Police Department Sgt . Brian McGraw told the paper .
Upon arrival , officers heard “ loud talking ” from inside the home . Officers then observed two adults and several children watching “ a show about firearms ” with two windows open near the TV .
According to police , the family was watching the midseason premiere of AMC 's The Walking Dead , a drama about a group of survivors in a world overrun by zombies .
The 911 call notes did not include a statement from the family .
Last week I explained in this column how President Donald Trump , despite facing serious political challenges over their murky ties to the Kremlin , was fortunate to have opponents more motivated by partisanship than truth-telling . As long as that state of affairs continued , the commander-in-chief was likely to avoid the thorough scrutiny which their apparent links to Moscow actually merit .
A lot has changed in just a few days . Last week began promisingly for the president , with their joint address to Congress on Tuesday evening earning better reviews than many had anticipated . Then it all unraveled the next day , when it was reported that Attorney General Jeff Sessions , a key member of the White House inner circle , had two discussions with Sergei Kislyak , the Russian ambassador in Washington , during the 2016 election campaign .
It 's hardly abnormal for sitting senators—as Sessions was last year—to meet with foreign diplomats , even Russian ones , but the precise capacity in which they chatted with Kislyak suddenly became important . Was Sessions parleying with the Kremlin 's emissary as a senator or as a top advisor to Donald Trump ?
To make matters worse , Sessions could n't exactly recall what they and Moscow 's man in Washington had discussed . To say nothing of the fact that Sessions seemed to have recently failed to tell the complete truth under oath when they were asked about some of this during their Senate confirmation hearings as attorney general . Sessions volunteered , “ I did not have communications with the Russians ” —a statement that seems untrue by any normal definition .
The president 's bizarre efforts to make their links to Moscow a non-story have only made it a bigger one .
Additionally , Kislyak is known in Western espionage circles to have a close relationship with Russia 's intelligence services , as many Kremlin diplomats do . Roughly one-third of the “ diplomats ” in any given Russian embassy are actually full-time spies masquerading as diplomats , while the remaining two-thirds are bona fide diplomats who are nevertheless expected to share information with their spy-colleagues . The line between routine diplomacy and espionage can therefore get rather blurry .
That Sessions ' discussions with Putin 's emissary to our country may have had an espionage flavor to them seems plausible , given that they occurred when Vladimir Putin 's clandestine efforts to swing the election Trump 's way were at their peak , according to the consensus assessment of our Intelligence Community .
By last Friday , in an effort to make the mounting scandal go away , Sessions had recused themselves from any Department of Justice investigations into Russian interference in our election . This recusal reportedly sent the president into paroxysms of rage , yet in reality Sessions had little choice , as even prominent Republicans accepted that they had to recuse himself—while leading Democrats were demanding the attorney general 's resignation .
To make matters worse , it turns out that Sessions was but one of seven members of Trump 's inner circle who had hush-hush discussions with Moscow 's emissaries in 2016 . Several of those meetings happened at the Republican convention in Cleveland last July , which Ambassador Kislyak attended . It was much noted at the time that the GOP party platform on Ukraine—where Moscow continues its not-quite-frozen conflict , which began in 2014 after Putin 's theft of Crimea—suddenly shifted to a markedly more pro-Russian position . Suspicions of a Kremlin hand influencing Trump emerged at once , but the then-candidate flatly denied anything of that kind had occurred , telling a journalist that they “ was n't involved ” in the Ukraine policy shift .
Now , it turns out that several members of Team Trump met with Russian officials , including Kislyak , in Cleveland last summer , and according to members of their own policy team , Trump themselves was involved in changing the party platform on Ukraine to something more pleasing to Moscow .
One of Trump 's people who met with Kislyak in Cleveland was Carter Page , a big-shot investor-manqué whose exact role in the Trump campaign was never precisely clear , but who possesses abundantly clear ties to the Kremlin . Page is so reliably pro-Putin that a speech they gave in Moscow last summer got top billing at a propaganda website run by Russia 's Foreign Intelligence Service .
On Friday evening , Page went on CNN to push back the latest allegations regarding the president and their increasingly apparent ties to Moscow , but the interview turned into a debacle . Page was unable to keep their story straight about their meetings with Russian officials , and appeared confused about their own role in the Trump campaign . Their incompetent effort to quash this story only made it a bigger and stranger one .
Perhaps in response to this setback , the president was up before dawn on Saturday , having fled Washington on Friday for their Florida hideaway at their Mar-a-Lago resort – and they were tweeting . In a stunning series of four incendiary tweets , President Trump accused their predecessor of high crimes , specifically “ wiretapping ” them at Trump Tower in Manhattan during the election campaign .
In perhaps the most bizarre public statements from any American president , Trump claimed that Obama had violated the law , “ This is Nixon/Watergate . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! ” then added for good measure the accusation of “ McCarthyism ” perpetrated by their predecessor . The irony of Donald Trump—whose mentor was Roy Cohn , the notorious attorney who served as McCarthyism 's public face in the 1950s—making such a claim was not lost on many observers .
Trump offered no evidence for their far-reaching accusations , and while the Obama camp predictably asserted they were wholly false , that view was echoed on Sunday morning by James Clapper , who served as the Director of National Intelligence from mid-2010 until January 20 of this year . In the spy trade , flat-out public denials are rare , but that was exactly what Clapper said to NBC : “ There was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president , the president-elect at the time , or as a candidate , or against their campaign . ”
As DNI , Clapper certainly would have known if something extraordinary like wiretaps on the Republican presidential candidate or their team had been authorized , so their account seems persuasive . Even worse for the president , it 's been reported that FBI Director James Comey was driven to fury at the White House over Trump 's casual use of Twitter to accuse Obama—and by extension the FBI—of gross illegalities .
According to The New York Times , Comey was so incensed that they asked the Department of Justice to intervene and issue a public denial that any wiretapping against Team Trump occurred . DoJ has not yet done so , which may have something to do with the fact that it 's headed by Jeff Sessions , who 's caught up in KremlinGate too , but the unprecedented situation where an FBI director feels compelled to ask for a public retraction of the president 's accusation indicates how off the rails the new administration has gone in just six weeks .
Comey 's outrage is felt across the Intelligence Community , which has been repeatedly maligned and attacked by the president , who seems blissfully unaware of the consequences of their harsh tweets and utterances . Trump 's latest fact-free assertion of high crimes perpetrated by the IC at the behest of President Obama has heightened already inflamed passions among America 's spies .
Let 's be perfectly clear here : The scenario painted by President Trump of their predecessor tasking the IC with wiretapping Trump Tower simply could not have happened without a far-reaching and highly illegal conspiracy involving the White House and several of our spy agencies , above all the National Security Agency . My friends still at NSA , where I served as the technical director of the Agency 's biggest operational division , have told me without exception that Trump 's accusation is wholly false , a kooky fantasy .
In the first place , the White House does n't ask for such wiretaps , ever ; such requests come directly from NSA , the FBI , or the Justice Department . Involvement of any White House in such highly classified requests would immediately set off enormous red flags in the IC and DoJ due to their glaringly political—and therefore illegal—aim .
There 's a special top secret Federal court that handles such sensitive warrant requests , which are issued under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 , which allows for intelligence gathering against foreign spies and terrorists . They key words in FISA are the first two : foreign intelligence . Warrants are only issued against foreign targets which are deemed to be plausibly involved in espionage or terrorism against the United States .
However , Americans who call or email those suspicious foreigners may appear in signals intelligence collection , although under FISA their identities are concealed in SIGINT reports in a process the IC terms “ minimization. ” In other words , your civil liberties as an American do not include the right to communicate with foreign bad guys without possible monitoring . Keep in mind , though , that under FISA the people being targeted are foreign spies and terrorists , not Americans .
Having worked with a lot of FISA collection during my time in the spy business , I can state without reservation that President Trump 's accusations are so inherently implausible as to render them an absurdity . They need to offer hard evidence for such incendiary claims or back down publicly , preferably with an apology to their predecessor , whom they have maligned without cause .
That said , given the now-known contacts between Team Trump and high-ranking Russians last year , it 's very plausible that NSA and other spy agencies intercepted Kremlin communications which might have incidentally involved associates of our current president . But neither Donald Trump nor their surrogates were being spied on as themselves . If they did n't realize their shady Russian friends might be considered foreign intelligence targets by NSA and other Western intelligence services , that 's on them .
Where , then , did President Trump get the far-fetched , conspiracy-driven idea that Obama was “ wiretapping ” him ? Like so many other “ facts ” they cite when they are convenient for him , Trump seems to have picked it up in the far-right echo chamber of Breitbart and related alt-right websites where evidence is n't required to substantiate claims , no matter how absurd they appear to anybody who understands how our Intelligence Community actually works .
Trump has demanded a Congressional investigation of their allegations regarding Obama , though it 's mysterious why they would want more inquiry into anything even tangentially involving the Russians and 2016 . What happens next is anybody 's guess , and will be heavily dependent upon how much public Trumpian drama Congressional Republicans can keep tolerating .
What 's certain is that KremlinGate is n't going away , and the president 's bizarre efforts to make their links to Moscow a non-story have only made it a bigger one . Now the media is more curious than ever about Trump 's Russian connections , and no amount of chanting “ fake news ” will alter that . Neither will Team Trump 's obsession with the alleged “ deep state ” save them from awkward questions . Today the White House will seek to redirect again by talking about immigration and other Trump policy initiatives , hoping the press plays along and forgets about last week . It wo n't work .
John Schindler is a security expert and former National Security Agency analyst and counterintelligence officer . A specialist in espionage and terrorism , he 's also been a Navy officer and a War College professor . He 's published four books and is on Twitter at @ 20committee .
Ecumenical gatherings are not always warm , fuzzy events for women of the cloth . Most of us have experienced many types of exclusion , even within our own congregations , let alone when we try to join with Christian groups that do n't believe women are fit for ordination . And in this group there might well be those who would n't have wanted such a blessing from any Protestant , even a male one . I was deep in thought as I received my bowl .
Our exit toward the overflow room took us directly past Cardinal O'Malley . Fortunately , Tom 's [ a fellow clergy person at the gathering ] brain was more engaged in the moment , and they were not about to lose out on the chance to have the man who might well be Pope someday anoint him . Tom stopped in front of the Cardinal and asked for their blessing . I stopped with them and Cardinal O'Malley was gracious enough to anoint me , too .
And then , as the two of us stood there together , Cardinal O'Malley looked me in the eye and asked me to anoint him . I did . The divorced , Scotch Protestant clergywoman anointed the Irish Catholic Cardinal in front of a pew of Catholic clergy and a Catholic Bishop , any one of whom would probably have given their eye teeth to have the honor . I choked back sobs all the way to the overflow room .
Very young children , the ailing , and the elderly are the most vulnerable members of society , so it 's only logical that they should be treated with even more thoughtfulness and respect than those capable of expressing their needs or fending for themselves . Unfortunately , society does n't always follow logic . Instead , we think nothing of abruptly scooping infants and toddlers up , shuttling them around , poking and prodding without even a word of warning and talking over them as if they are things rather than people .
The first time I witnessed someone talking to a baby respectfully – just like any other ‘ real ' person — I thought it truly bizarre . I got used to it , though , and now I hope someday it will seem illogical to everyone not to treat babies this way .
The note below greatly encouraged me . It 's from a nurse working in Neonatal Intensive Care who has begun implementing Magda Gerber 's RIE philosophy in the nursery and is already marveling at the results of their efforts to :
1 . Communicate with babies , especially to prepare them for the things that will happen to them .
2 . Give babies undivided attention during caregiving activities ( feedings , diapering , etc . )
3 . Be a play “ follower ” , allowing babies to initiate activities and interactions .
Hi Janet ,
I found your site several months ago . While I 'm not yet a parent , my spouse and I have been trying for a little one for over a year . What Magda Gerber said ( and what you re-iterate and illustrate through real life examples ) resonates with me deeply , and we have applied RIE principles already towards each other — to practice , and because I have an incredibly difficult time expressing myself .
I am also an NICU nurse at the highest level nursery in the province I live in . We take the smallest and sickest babies from all over the province . My job is incredibly rewarding , sad , challenging and often full of joy ( and tears , frustration , etc ) . I started ruminating on how to apply RIE to my job , and if it would even be successful , considering the incredible turn-over rate we have between nurses caring for each baby .
Turns out , it actually works pretty well ! Your recent posts about how to communicate with a child who ABSOLUTELY DOES NOT WANT SOMETHING were incredibly helpful , considering we poke and prod and cause a lot of pain in the tiny patients .
There are some principles of RIE which I have modified to fit with our NICU requirements . For example , babies in NICU have little to say ( or are unable ) to express their needs for food . They are given a regulated amount of nutrition to satisfy caloric requirements so they can grow , heal and go home . We feed babies on a routine schedule ( either every 2 or every 3 hours ) , usually via a small tube that is placed in their nose and feeds into their tummies ( since at 1200g , most babies lack the energy to take enough calories by oral feeding , and they are usually on some kind of breathing support which does not allow oral feeding for safety/logistical reasons ) . Diapers , temperatures and assessments are done around these feeding schedules , which often interrupt a baby 's sleep schedule . This is a hard part , because the tiny ones do not wake in response to hunger anyways !
There has also been repeated research to show that talking to premies activates the part of their brain that processes sound and develops language at the right rate , and that delayed language acquisition in this population is a bigger problem than initially thought . By using RIE , I am talking to babies , talking them through procedures , diapers , temperatures , turns , weights , moving , EVERYTHING . I 'm nattering at the impossibly tiny babies all day long ( because I have more than 1 at a time ) . It 's exhausting , but even since starting I have noticed a small difference !
The biggest change I have noticed is that I am calmer , especially when confronted with a screaming and inconsolable baby at 3 am , who has done nothing but fuss all day long and is clearly exhausted and uncomfortable . While it 's not perfect and I have my moments of wanting to pull my hair out , it 's a good change ( and walking away from some of these babies is impossible , as is letting them cry , as their lungs are too damaged to tolerate crying ) .
I am more present while bottle feeding babies , and encourage the parents I work with to BE PRESENT when feeding/changing . It 's hard not to have your heart melt with the little one you 've watched grow from 600g into a 4kg hunk of baby look up at you with shining eyes as they swiftly and calmly learns to breastfeed and bottle-feed .
In the diaper changes with the babies , the most marked changes I see are with the baby I deal with every single shift , my “ primary ” . They are the first one I 've applied RIE to , so he 's sort of my guinea pig ! He 's much , much , much calmer during temperatures ( which all babies hate with a passion and scream about ) .
Their attention span is pretty fantastic for the most part , although now that he 's big enough to pick up , their parents rarely put them down , which I totally understand , since they only got to hold them for an hour a day for the first 10 weeks of their life . Most of our babies have great attention spans , since they are left to their own devices and really only attended to if they need something .
This was fully demonstrated to me when I went to visit another former primary who was in NICU for 4 months and very nearly died at birth . She 's got some chronic issues from their condition , and I went upstairs to the pediatric ward to visit them when they were last in the hospital . Now at 18 months , she 's a vivacious , amazing toddler with some serious attitude .
I was horrified to discover that peds staff ( nurses , doctors , etc ) do n't actually talk TO the baby , just to the parents , and then wonder why the toddler screams bloody murder during assessments ! ! ! Yeesh ! I chatted WITH the baby , told them I was just there to see her , followed their game of playing with cups , and they let me into their personal bubble and even snuggled up to me for a quick hug ( her choice , and their mother 's jaw was on the floor , since she 's really not a snuggly kid — she 's far too interested in being independent than cuddling ) . That incident cemented RIE as the way to go in my professional practice .
So , thanks for putting everything out there . I really appreciate it , especially getting to apply Magda 's principles to an environment where babies lack control over absolutely everything in their lives . While they may not get a choice about their feeding schedules , where they are , the noise they are exposed to , who looks after them , etc , I do what I can to make small changes !
Sincerely ,
Elizabeth , BSN , RN
Nurse Elizabeth , thank you so much for all you do !
Learn more about the power of respectful care in my book , Elevating Child Care : A Guide to Respectful Parenting
( Photo by didbygraham on Flickr )
The Bracero Program
The Mexican migrant worker has been the foundation for the development of the rich American agricultural industry , and the El Paso-Ciudad Juárez border region has played a key role in this historic movement . One of the most significant contributions to the growth of the agricultural economy was the creation of theBracero Program in which more than 4 million Mexican farm laborers came to work the fields of this nation . The braceros converted the agricultural fields of America into the most productive in the planet .
Mexican peasants were hard-working , highly skilled agricultural laborers . Yet , despite the fact that two million peasants lost their lives in the Mexican Revolution of 1910 , the government failed to provide them the resources needed to improve their lives . By the late thirties , when the crop fields began yielding insufficient harvest and employment became scarce , the peasant was forced to look for other means of survival .
The occurrence of this grave situation coincided with the emergence of a demand in manual labor in the U.S. brought about by World War II . On August 4 , 1942 , the U.S. and the Mexican government instituted the Bracero program . Thousands of impoverished Mexicans abandoned their rural communities and headed north to work as braceros .
The majority of the braceros were experienced farm laborers who came from places such as `` la Comarca Lagunera , '' Coahuila , and other important agricultural regions of México . They stopped working their land and growing food for their families with the illusion that they would be able to earn a vast amount of money on the other side of the border .
Huge numbers of bracero candidates arrived by train to the northern border . Their arrival altered the social environment and economy of many border towns . Ciudad Juárez , Chihuahua , across from El Paso , Texas , became a historic recruitment site and substantial gathering point for the agricultural labor force .
The following note illustrates the movement :
`` More than 80,000 braceros pass through the El Paso Center annually . They 're part of an army of 350,000 or more that marches across the border each year to help plant , cultivate and harvest cotton and other crops throughout the United States '' .
( El Paso Herald Post , April 28 , 1956 )
The bracero contracts were controlled by independent farmers associations and the `` Farm Bureau . '' The contracts were in English and the braceros would sign them without understanding their full rights and the conditions of employment . When the contracts expired , the braceros were required to turn in their permits and return to México . The braceros could return to their native lands in case of an emergency , only with written permission from their boss .
The braceros labored tirelessly thinning sugar beets , picking cucumbers and tomatoes , and weeding and picking cotton . The braceros , a very experienced farm labor , became the foundation for the development of North American agriculture .
Three notable culture jammers joined Negativland 's Don Joyce in 2010 for a Beatles-themed episode of their radio show , Over the Edge . It 's a wonderful thing . For three straight hours , Phineas Narco of the Church of the Subgenius , Mark “ TradeMark G. ” Gunderson of the Evolution Control Committee , and John “ Wobbly ” Leidecker , who this year succeeded Joyce as Over the Edge ‘ s host following Joyce 's untimely death , fold , spindle and mutilate the Fabs ' music . The most gorgeous passages in the Beatles ' catalog become honking , dissonant distress signals , while the stuff that was already a bit of spooky takes on a nightmarish cast . Haters of the Moptops will find plenty to confirm their prejudices ; fans will discover that the same key that unlocks the gates of Heaven also opens the very mouth of Hell .
Aside from Vangelis ' “ 12 O'Clock , ” the haunting melody that always opens Over the Edge , every note of this monster is Beatles-related , as Joyce confirms in their notes on the episode :
Our trio of guests plays together without me for the first 45 minutes , then I join in the mix for the rest of the show . This is all an intense mashmix of The Beatles and everything they did in and out of music from beginning to end . Our sounds are made exclusively from Beatles material of all kinds and a few covers , including the amazing Rutles . A live and lively group mix that does not let up .
During the first few minutes of the broadcast , Joyce and Wobbly refer to an earlier “ Beatles Hell ” set the same group performed on Over the Edge in 1992 ; I have n't been able to find it , but that does n't mean it 's not there . A look at Discogs turns up an undated cassette that suggests there were several earlier Beatles Hell jams under the auspices of Big City Orchestra .
Narco edited the 2010 broadcast into a double album called The BEATLESnuff , available from Bandcamp .
Video from the studio :
Over the Edge , April 23 , 2010 ( if you just want to dip in , try “ With a Little Help from My Friends ” at 41:00 ) :
Previously on Dangerous Minds :
Negativland fans rejoyce ! 700+ episodes of Don Joyce 's radio show ‘ Over the Edge ' available online
Prog music enthusiasts worldwide are buzzing with excitement about the debut release by Italian ensemble Sarastro Blake titled ‘ New Progmantics ' . Sarastro Blake is a new musical project which takes its inspiration from the Alan Parsons Project as a band format , meaning it revolves around a few selected musicians , plus other special guests who are chosen for their specific talent and for certain songs . Featuring prog legends Rick Wakeman ( YES ) , Richard Sinclair ( Caravan/Hatfield & The North ) , Nick Magnus ( Steve Hackett ) , David Paton ( Alan Parsons Project ) , Dave Lawson ( Greenslade ) , Billy Sherwood ( YES ) and Amanda Lehmann ( Steve Hackett band ) , Sarastro Blake 's ‘ New Progmatics ' just may be one of the top prog releases of 2013 !
“ It 's always great fun to play a solo or add keyboards to a track on an album you are not directly involved with and this was no exception . I was really pleased with the end result and I hope everybody who listens to the track feels the same. ” – Rick Wakeman
“ I really enjoyed singing and playing bass on the new Sarastro Blake album ! ” – Richard Sinclair
The project first came to light when Paolo Pigni ( bass , acoustic guitars and vocals ) teamed up with multi-instrumentalist and member of prog group Mogador , Luca Briccola , who also produced the album . Richard Allen , also of Mogador , helped with vocals and management . Mirko Soncini and Filippo Pedretti , both of Celtic Harp Orchestra , played drums and violin respectively . Last but not least , Serena Bossi and Marco Carenzio from folk prog outfit Trewa ( led by Briccola as well ) provided vocals .
Says Paolo , “ The concept behind the album is quite ‘ romantic ' as the title suggests . There is the seeking of a spiritual path and certain nostalgia of the past , which are embedded in the lyrics of some of the most illustrious British poets and painters . Some of the lyrics I wrote myself , which I published a few years ago in a booklet called ‘ A Pocketful of Poetry ' , under the pseudonym George William Payne . In the end I realized most of the words dealt with love , whether spiritual or for a person , with hope and disillusion . ”
Each special guest artist was meticulously chosen for their specific talent and for certain songs on ‘ New Progmantics'…
“ When Paolo first invited me to play on their album I have to admit I was filled with trepidation , however , after hearing the track they wanted me to play on I started ‘ noodling ' and came up with a couple ideas which I hope are simpatico . The track concerned was a homage to Scotland , the land of my forefathers and it 's true to say , although I probably have more Italian blood in my veins and definitely more Italian wine , the song conjured up a feeling of nostalgia for the Highlands. ” – Dave Lawson
“ I learned a lot from bands like YES , Genesis , Pink Floyd and King Crimson and could relate immediately to what I heard in the music that Paolo sent me . I informed them that I 'd be happy to lend my voice to such a polished project…I experimented with harmonies and slight changes in the melody to suit my voice , but all and all they got it right with the songs and I was able to sing the melodies easily and had a lot of fun doing so. ” – David Paton
“ I was very happy to be asked by Paolo to sing ‘ My Heart Is In The Highlands ' for the Sarastro Blake album . I loved the wild , romantic vibe of the song , and was inspired to add some swirling vocal harmonies to my main vocal to compliment the song 's natural sense of freedom and pathos , and to intertwine with the flute . It was great to listen to the finished album with it 's imaginative and broad range of musical styles. ” – Amanda Lehmann
Although titled ‘ New Progmantics ' , the album has nothing ‘ new ' about it , but rather it is retro , old fashioned and indeed romantic ! It is a work filled with genuine inspiration , and with some melodies that one will remember for a long time to come…
“ It was a real pleasure to play on ‘ New Progmantics ' , and I 'm delighted to be part of the project . There 's such a diversity of music here , highly melodic and atmospheric . Paolo and Luca have chosen their guest artists with utmost care and intuition , each one being perfectly matched to their particular tracks . This album should delight prog fans old and new… ” – Nick Magnus
“ I enjoyed playing on Paolo 's record because it was very challenging music to play . They are a very creative musician/composer and has made a ver unique record indeed . I am honored to be part of it. ” – Billy Sherwood
To purchase Sarastro Blake ‘ New Progmantics ' CD : http : //www.mentalchemyrecords.com/shop.htm
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Reddit
Digg
Email
LinkedIn
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Pocket
Print
Whoopsie ! 800+ Immigrants With Security Concerns Just `` Accidentally '' Awarded Full Citizenship , Per Inspector General Report Trust your government . It totally takes your family 's safety seriously . Those individuals were from so-called `` special interest '' countries that represent a U.S. security concern , or neighboring countries with a high rate of immigration fraud .
The individuals slipped through the system because their digital fingerprint records were not in the DHS or FBI 's databases , according to the audit .
Citizenship and immigration officials discovered that fingerprint records were missing for 315,000 immigrants who had been issued final deportation orders or who are criminals or fugitives . Officials have not yet reviewed about 148,000 of the records in an effort to digitize them , according to the DHS audit .
That leaves open the possibility of immigrants being granted citizenship without officials having access to their full immigration and criminal history . Okay , and so now Hillary joins the Racist Bomb-Sayer Trump and calls for Okay , and soHillary joins the Racist Bomb-Sayer Trump and calls for `` tough vetting '' of immigrants . Hillary Clinton called for the rigorous screening of immigrants Monday to ensure that dangerous actors do not make their way into America . `` I am absolutely in favor of and have long been an advocate for tough vetting for making sure that we do n't let people into this country , '' Clinton said during a press conference in New York . If only they had had a position -- such as being a Senator , or being Secretary of the department that issues visas , State -- where they could have made their desires on this subject more widely known . If only they had had a position -- such as being a Senator , or being Secretary of the department that issues visas , State -- where they could have made their desires on this subject more widely known . PS Trump just mentioned this in their speech . PS Trump just mentioned this in their speech . Posted by : Ace at 05:28 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls ! Polls ! Polls ! Frequently Asked Questions The ( Almost ) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
The Senate Republican health-care bill would leave 22 million more Americans uninsured in 2026 than under President Barack Obama 's health-care law , the Congressional Budget Office estimated Monday , in a blow to Republican leaders ' hopes of pushing the plan through the chamber this week .
The CBO coverage estimates pose yet another problem for Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell , who unveiled the legislation last Thursday . By Friday afternoon , they were facing public statements of opposition from five Republican senators — three more defections than they can afford and still win approval for the legislation over united Democratic opposition . Others have expressed concerns .
The White House responded by attacking the CBO , saying it has a `` history of inaccuracy . ''
The White House says the CBO `` has consistently proven it can not accurately predict how health-care legislation will impact insurance coverage . ''
Threats of opposition from three Republican senators are casting doubt on whether Republican leaders have enough support to move ahead on the Senate health-care bill .
The Senate has to hold a procedural vote to move forward , most likely on Wednesday .
Senator Susan Collins of Maine tweeted after the Congressional Budget Office analysis on Monday that the Senate bill wo n't fix the flaws in the current bill . They say they will vote no on the `` motion to proceed . ''
Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin said they have `` a hard time believing I 'll have enough information for me to support a motion to proceed this week . ''
Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky said it would be worse to `` pass a bad bill than to pass no bill . ''
Republicans ca n't afford more than two defections .
Additional uninsured
The 22 million additional people without coverage under the Senate proposal is slightly better than the 23 million who 'd be left without insurance under the measure the House approved last month , the budget office has estimated . President Donald Trump has called the House version `` mean '' and called on Senate Republicans to approve legislation with more `` heart . ''
Of the 22 million , 15 million of them would have no insurance next year under the bill , the nonpartisan budget office said . That could be a particular concern to Nevada Senator Dean Heller , who faces perhaps the toughest 2018 re-election race of any Senate Republican and who has said they ca n't support a health-care package that cuts Medicaid and takes coverage from `` tens of millions of Americans and tens of thousands of Nevadans . ''
A total of 49 million Americans would be uninsured in 2026 .
Republican Senator Susan Collins tweeted Monday : 'CBO says 22 million people lose insurance ; Medicaid cuts hurt most vulnerable Americans ; access to health care in rural areas threatened . ' ( Jason Burles/CBC )
The budget office report said it believes the Senate bill `` would increase the number of uninsured people substantially . The increase would be disproportionately larger among older people with lower income '' — especially those between 50 and 64 and with incomes below 200 per cent of the poverty level , or around $ 30,300 for a single person . Those ages are just shy of when people begin qualifying for Medicare coverage .
Penalty added for gap in coverage
Earlier Monday , Republican leaders added a penalty to their bill for people who 've had at least a 63-day gap in coverage during the past year . Under that proposal , if they then buy insurance , they would face a six-month delay before it takes effect . The budget office said its estimate included the impact of that addition .
The change was aimed at helping insurance companies and the insurance market by discouraging healthy people from waiting to buy a policy until they get sick . Insurers need healthy customers who are inexpensive to cover to help pay the costs of people with medical conditions that are costly to treat .
The Senate bill would roll back much of Obama 's health-care overhaul . Their statute pressures people to buy insurance by imposing a tax penalty on those who do n't , but the Republican legislation would repeal that penalty , effectively erasing Obama 's so-called individual mandate .
The CBO estimates that enacting the Better Care Reconciliation Act would reduce the cumulative U.S. federal deficit by $ 321 billion over the next 10 years .
That 's an additional $ 202 billion in savings compared with the bill passed by the House of Representatives .
The CBO estimates the Senate bill would reduce spending by $ 1.022 trillion and reduce revenues by $ 701 billion .
The budget office writes that , `` The largest savings would come from reductions in outlays for Medicaid — spending on the program would decline in 2026 by 26 per cent in comparison with what CBO projects under current law , '' also known as Obamacare .
Repealing a tax on the wealthy
The CBO also says that the largest revenue reductions would come from `` repealing a surtax on net investment income and repealing annual fees imposed on health insurers . ''
In a Facebook post last week , former president Barack Obama wrote that the Senate bill would lead to `` a massive transfer of wealth from middle-class and poor families to the richest people in America . It hands enormous tax cuts to the rich and to the drug and insurance industries , paid for by cutting health care for everybody else . ''
The American Medical Association , the largest doctors ' organization in the U.S. , sent a letter Monday to Senate leaders saying the draft legislation violates the medical oath to `` first , do no harm . ''
The doctors group says the Senate bill 's Medicaid payment formulas threaten to `` limit states ' ability to address the health care needs of their most vulnerable citizens '' and wo n't keep up with new medical innovations and epidemics such as the opioid addiction crisis .
The CBO also weighed in on what will happen to health insurance premiums .
`` Under the Senate bill , average premiums for benchmark plans for single individuals would be about 20 per cent higher in 2018 than under current law , mainly because the penalty for not having insurance would be eliminated , inducing fewer comparatively healthy people to sign up , the CBO states in its estimate .
Len Wein , the influential comics writer who co-created characters including Wolverine and Swamp Thing , has died . They were 69 .
DC Comics confirmed the news following an outpouring of tributes from the comics community overflowed online .
“ Len Wein was one of the most welcoming people and legends in comics from the moment I joined DC eight years ago , ” said Diane Nelson , president of DC Entertainment . “ He wrote or edited almost every major DC character — there 's hardly a facet of DC 's world that Len did n't touch . I , DC , and the industry will miss them and their talent very much . Our love and prayers go out to Christine , their family , and their fans . ”
Wein was born in New York City and began freelancing with DC Comics around age 20 . Their career brought them to Marvel Comics , before returning to DC again . They are credited with reviving the X-Men with artist Dave Cockrum .
In 2008 they were inducted into the Will Eisner comic book hall of fame .
News of Wein 's death prompted many tributes among prominent members of the comics community .
“ Not every writer can be a good editor , ” said Geoff Johns , president and CCO of DC Entertainment . “ But Len deserves equal credit for both talents . They helped to revitalize the entire DC Universe . ”
Related Celebrities Who Died in 2017
Brian Michael Bendis wrote , “ Len Wein , co-creator of WOLVERINE and SWAMP THING & more responsible for the x-men you love than they get credit for . Thank you . # RIP . ”
Len Wein , co-creator of WOLVERINE and SWAMP THING & more responsible for the x-men you love than they get credit for . Thank you . # RIP — BRIAN MICHAEL BENDIS ( @ BRIANMBENDIS ) September 10 , 2017
“ RIP the great # LenWein . They co-created Wolverine & Swamp Thing , both of which gave me a living as a writer & endless pleasure as a reader , ” Mark Millar tweeted .
RIP the great # LenWein . They co-created Wolverine & Swamp Thing , both of which gave me a living as a writer & endless pleasure as a reader . — Mark Millar ( @ mrmarkmillar ) September 10 , 2017
“ I just learned that my friend and writing inspiration @ LenWein passed away this morning . My love and condolences to their wife , @ mcvalada , ” Neil Gaiman wrote .
I just learned that my friend and writing inspiration @ LenWein passed away this morning . My love and condolences to their wife , @ mcvalada . — Neil Gaiman ( @ neilhimself ) September 10 , 2017
Joss Whedon tweeted , “ Co-created Wolverine & the new X-men . Co-kickstarted the modern comic book era with its most powerful metaphor . And more . RIP Len Wein . ”
Co-created Wolverine & the new X-men . Co-kickstarted the modern comic book era with its most powerful metaphor . And more . RIP Len Wein . pic.twitter.com/TSiWChvfdI — Joss Whedon ( @ joss ) September 10 , 2017
DC mourns the passing of @ LenWein , dear friend & longtime contributor . Our condolences to their family & friends . https : //t.co/hUZeRuK1AJ pic.twitter.com/tbXr7YYKhQ — DC ( @ DCComics ) September 10 , 2017
Watch an interview with Wein below :
I 've been using my Blackberry Passport for two months now and I survive just perfectly with it . But there are a few things that still bug me :
No alternatives to picture password ( Please , it 's an awesome way to unlock your phone but sometimes — especially when I am half asleep — a simple code to unlock thing would be preferable . Be creative ! ) Deletes everything after 10 failed tries to sneak in ( Allow me to uncheck that option . I have silly friends ! ) Android runtime still needs improvement ( detailed below ) No Widgets ( neither native , nor Android support ) No google play services ( please work on alternatives or try to integrate them ) No proper Android notification integration ( Android-section in the hub would be great ) Update your selfmade apps ( mainly the social network apps ' UIs are outdated ) ! No native support for any smartwatch No proper support for 3rd party headsets ( at least the “ made for iPod ” ones ) No proper media library sync ( I could perfectly sync my iTunes library with my 9700 ) Unused/misused space in native apps like music , etc Ca n't sync reminders Weird structure in the settings ( make settings searchable in detail ) No native LED costumization BbMaps — you could make an OSM client . That 'd be better . No Lollipop-Support yet ( please do n't forget to keep Android runtime up to date ! It 's a core feature for me and many other users ) Not enough Costumizability of the home and app screen ( give the ability to leave blank spaces where you want to and another home screen for widgets and app short cuts etc . ) Skype 's a disaster . Either force MS to fix it or make BBM-video available for other platforms too . ( Android , iOS , WP , Linux , Mac and Windows ) No multiple Twitter accounts in the hub Keyboard : I finally got completely used to it and I love it ; with my big hands I can even use it with just one of them . But why does a phone by a Canadian company not support Canadian English ? ! No proper disk mode ( sometimes you just want to connect your passport to a computer — Mac or PC — and exchange some files )
Also , since BBOS10.3.1 arrived on my device : thanks for fixing the bugs I had after the upgrade and thanks for the runtime costumizations . Some apps are just not usable with the 1:1 ratio and the now addable black bars are really helpful . And please clean and tidy up your App World . 500 good blackberry apps are more attractive than 1295971692684986 useless ones beneath them .
I am a proud BlackBerry user and I often get positive responses for my phone . If the price was cheaper many of my friends would actually take a BlackBerry . So do n't neglect your consumer and private customers because I still see a big potential for BlackBerry .
— If you have anything else to add ( other annoying things ) please leave a comment here or on the certain reddit link . And if one of these things is already avoidable and I am just too dumb to do that feel free to help me out !
Advertisements
Porsche looks set to return to Formula 1 as an engine supplier from 2021 , when the sport introduces new , lower-cost engine regulations .
Speaking to Autosport at the weekend 's Italian Grand Prix , Lutz Meschke , deputy chairperson of Porsche 's executive board , said F1 “ could be one of the right places ” for the brand .
`` As you know , Formula E is very important for us now , and F1 is always a good topic to think about , ” they said . “ And I think we are in quite good discussions regarding the new engine . ''
Porsche 's interest in F1 - which could see the brand return to the grid for the first time since 1991 , when it supplied engines to Footwork in its uncompetitive A11C ( above ) - is linked to the sport 's planned shift from today 's highly complex hybrid drivetrains to a simpler V6 turbo system in the next decade .
`` We have to cut costs in F1 and it 's a good way to reach this target , ” explained Meschke , before dismissing the chances of Porsche returning as a team by stating : `` Discussions are around being a supplier . ''
Fatehpur Sikri , that Mughal emperor Akbar established as their capital and is now a World Heritage site , was once a `` flourishing trade and Jain pilgrimage centre '' , a new book says .
Basing their arguments on the excavations by the Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI ) in 1999-2000 at the Chabeli Tila , senior Agra journalist Bhanu Pratap Singh said the antique pieces , statues , and structures all point to a lost `` culture and religious site , '' more than 1,000 years ago .
`` The excavations yielded a rich crop of Jain statues , hundreds of them , including the foundation stone of a temple with the date . The statues were a thousand years old of Bhagwan Adi Nath , Bhagwan Rishabh Nath , Bhagwan Mahavir and Jain Yakshinis , '' said Swarup Chandra Jain , senior leader of the Jain community . The Jains comprise about 0.4 percent of India 's population of 1.2 billion and are a generally religious , prosperous and literate community .
Historian Sugam Anand said : `` The findings should have led to serious research , but that was not done . You need time and resources . Definitely before Akbar built their capital in Fatehpur Sikri , there is proof of habitation , of temples and commercial centres . The open space on the ridge was used by Akbar to build their capital . But we still need a lot of research . ''
The statues and artefacts discovered buried in a pond have been kept in a guest house in Fatehpur Sikri by the ASI . Bhanu Pratap Singh , the author of `` Jain Dharm Ka Pramukh Kendra Tha Fatehpur Sikri , '' said : `` Sikri existed much before Akbar . The excavations have clearly established this fact . ''
D.V . Sharma , former superintending archaeologist of the ASI in Agra , who supervised the excavations , said : `` We found scores of damaged statues piled up , and with dates , also a manuscript . These are now lying in the guest house at Fatehpur Sikri . They should have gone ahead with the excavations and engaged historians to research on the subject . ''
`` My book on Fatehpur Sikri excavations is there in the ASI library with complete details of the findings which unmistakably point to a flourishing trade and pilgrimage centre of both the Jains and the Sikarwars . Akbar built a few structures and modified others that were already there . Who demolished the temples and the statues is a subject which further research alone can establish , '' Sharma added .
The ASI , for reasons known only to itself , abruptly stopped excavations at Fatehpur Sikri . `` Had they pursued and dug up all the mounds , startling revelations would have been made that would have changed the course of our historical understanding , '' Bhanu Pratap Singh claimed .
Prior to the excavations in 1999 , the ASI , in its various publications , had categorically stated : `` Before Akbar 's time , the higher ridge was uninhabited , its former glory and present fame are the result of a sufi saint 's choice of it as a hermitage . ''
But ASI 's documents do refer to Sikri village , `` a site full of interest and promise for archaeological exploration '' .
Bhanu Pratap Singh said the Fatehpur Sikri area was under the Sikarwar Rajputs , who had many structures and palaces , including a fort and temples , which were either demolished or suitably modified by the Mughals and before them by the Muslim rulers . Fatehpur Sikri was earlier Vijay Pur , according to the ASI 's D.V . Sharma .
The Jain community in Agra is now planning to develop a museum in Fatehpur Sikri to tell the world `` the real history of the area '' , according to philanthropist Ashok Jain , a chartered accountant .
IANS
Hemant Mehta ( YouTube/Screenshot )
Friendly Atheist founder Hermant Mehta has some big questions for GOP front runner Donald Trump and their infamous call to ban Muslims from entering the United States .
In a video posted to YouTube this week , the former high school math teacher and atheist wanted to know how exactly the bombastic real estate mogul 's plan would work . Trump has been notoriously light on details in their vows to make sweeping changes to current immigration policy .
“ What would your reaction be if Hillary Clinton said the same thing about Christian immigrants following the Planned Parenthood shooting in Colorado , ” Mehta implored . “ Which non-white Christian group will you want to ban next ? Do you realize how many other countries are making fun of us ? Do you realize how many other countries are horrified by us ? ”
Mehta also asked a key question . How would anyone know if someone trying to enter the U.S. is Muslim or not ? They wanted to know how Trump 's immigration officials would know the difference between Muslims and people of other faiths , or even how they 'd know whether people were being truthful .
They also pointed out that Trump 's anti-Muslim rhetoric only bolsters terrorist groups like ISIS by alienating Muslim people and fomenting toxic rhetoric .
“ Is Muslim just code for brown people ? ” Mehta asked . “ Am I a Muslim ? Donald Trump totally thinks I 'm a Muslim . ”
Watch Mehta 's commentary , as posted to YouTube , here :
At the end of April , I used Jeff Zimmerman 's updated xBABIP spreadsheet to determine which players ' BABIPs exceeded their xBABIPs by the greatest amount . Of the five players listed in the initial look , all of them did indeed experience a decline in BABIP , nearly all being a significant falloff . Of course , four of the five were sporting .400+ BABIP marks , so of course even without a formula , you would assume regression was coming . We now sit a bit further along than the exact mid-season mark , so BABIPs are much more reasonable at this point . These are the 10 hitters whose BABIP marks exceed their xBABIP marks by the greatest degree .
In 2010 , Evan Longoria posted a BABIP identical to their current mark , so this is n't unprecedented . In addition , at first glance , a .335 BABIP is certainly not high enough to stick out and automatically assume regression . It probably surprises many that they actually appear atop the list . Although Longoria has avoiding hitting the dreaded popup , their line drive rates sit below the league average and they have hit a ton of fly balls , which is likely the primary culprit of their poor xBABIP . That FB % is a career high , and while it 's good for their home run power , it means that they are unlikely to sustain a BABIP well above .300 . Of course , even a batting average decline should n't move them out of their top three rank at third base .
Remember when Yadier Molina used to be an excellent defensive catcher who struggled to supply much offense or even a .100 ISO ? Molina 's BABIP is significantly higher than anything they have previous posted — their current career high sits at just .316 . Normally , they might be considered a strong sell high candidate , but given that they have shown better power in the last two seasons and continues to hit in a good slot in an excellent batting order means they should be able to maintain their overall fantasy value . That value pie just might be sliced a bit differently in the second half .
Carlos Gonzalez is hitting significantly more fly balls than they ever has , which is behind their home run barrage and lower xBABIP than one might expect . Since their career BABIP is n't that much lower , it would be easy to assume this is sustainable . It probably is n't , and when you combine a lower BABIP with an increased strikeout rate this season , you get some hidden downside to CarGo 's batting average .
Carlos Gomez is essentially doing exactly what they did last year , with the only difference coming from a .375 BABIP versus a .296 mark in 2012 . They are hitting more line drives and fewer popups and fly balls , which is the exact recipe for a BABIP increase . But of course , that does n't mean a .375 mark is sustainable . Even the increased line drive rate still stops short of reaching the league average mark . Since they never walks , he 's a consideration to sell high in OBP leagues , though admittedly it 's hard to find that power/speed combo to replace the lost production .
Is Miguel Cabrera so good that they break the formula ? Perhaps . There is nothing I see in their batted ball profile , aside from the obvious lack of speed , that screams a real BABIP decline is coming . But remember , their career rate is about .030 points lower , so as unsurprising as it may be to see them finish the season hitting above .350 , it probably wo n't happen . Of course , that 's not exactly earth shattering analysis .
Suddenly , Jhonny Peralta is hitting line drives like mad , while avoiding popups like usual . xBABIP gives them credit for their strong batted ball profile but thinks a .386 is still way too high to sustain . Their power remains pretty meh , so that good batting average should prop up their perceived value and makes them one of the better sell high guys on this list .
In my preseason bold predictions , I predicted that Mike Napoli would be the most valuable fantasy catcher this season . That was predicated on the assumption that they would be banging doubles off the green monster and enjoy a strong BABIP , although their power might take a bit of a hit . So was I right so far ? Well , kinda . Their home BABIP is an inflated .356 , while their ISO is just .156 , but their away BABIP is even higher at .388 . He 's hitting a ton of line drives though , actually ranking seventh in baseball in the category . xBABIP still likes their batted ball mix , but clearly a .370 mark is just not sustainable . But any BABIP decline should be offset by an increase in power as their HR/FB rate sits near their career low .
In single season leagues , Manny Machado makes for a pretty good sell high candidate for this very reason . They are hitting too many popups , and although their line drive rate has been good , that BABIP is going to decline . They still hit in a good lineup spot , but without the power you want from your third baseman , they could lose their fantasy value quickly .
The war on Libya has not gone well . Kim Sengupta 's report on Wednesday detailed this starkly :
`` Fresh diplomatic efforts are under way to try to end Libya 's bloody civil war , with the UN special envoy flying to Tripoli to hold talks after Britain followed France in accepting that Muammar Gaddafi can not be bombed into exile . The change of stance by the two most active countries in the international coalition is an acceptance of realities on the ground . Despite more than four months of sustained air strikes by Nato , the rebels have failed to secure any military advantage . Colonel Gaddafi has survived what observers perceive as attempts to eliminate them and , despite the defection of a number of senior commanders , there is no sign that they will be dethroned in a palace coup . The regime controls around 20 % more territory than it did in the immediate aftermath of the uprising on 17 February . ''
If the Gaddafi regime is now more in control of Libya than before , then this completely undermines the simplistic view put about by the supporters of war – and unfortunately by some elements of the resistance – that the situation was simply one of a hated tyrant hanging on through mercenary violence . Of course , they use whatever resources they have at their disposal , but a ) it would seem that the involvement of imperialism has driven some Libyans back into the Gaddafi camp , as it 's unlikely they would maintain control without some degree of support , and b ) we know that rebellious sectors started to go back to Gaddafi within mere weeks of the revolt taking off , meaning in part that their resources of legitimising their regime were not exhausted even before the US-led intervention . Despite the defections , they have consolidated their regime in a way that would have seemed improbable in the early weeks of revolt .
It 's important to bear in mind what this means . Both Ben Ali and Mubarak had the support of the US and its major allies – especially Mubarak . They had considerable resources for repression , and there was financial aid being channelled to them , talks aimed at offering reforms to the opposition … and in the end they proved too brittle , too narrowly based , to stay in power .
The state apparatus began to fragment and decompose . The protests kept spreading , and withstood the bloodshed . Nothing they could offer or threaten was sufficient . Gaddafi , on the other hand , has hung on in the face of not only a lack of support from their former imperialist allies , but active political , diplomatic and military opposition . That they did so to a considerable extent through sheer military superiority does n't mean that the regime has n't a real social basis .
Perhaps as important has been the weaknesses of the rebellion . I argued that the chief problem facing the revolt was that it had taken off before any civil society infrastructure had been built up to sustain the opposition . This meant that unrepresentative former regime elements were well placed to step into the fray and take effective control . As a result of the defeats they faced , those arguing for an alliance with Nato grew stronger and gained more control . There 's no question that if Nato really wanted to , they could defeat Gaddafi . It would , however , require a level of commitment ( serious ground forces ) that they are n't ready to use . I think this is because , far from this being a pre-planned wave of expansionism by the US , the decision to launch an aerial assault constituted a desperate act of crisis management , which the `` realists '' in the administration were never particularly happy with . Only the zealots of `` humanitarian intervention '' could seriously have contemplated the kind of protracted , bloody land war in Libya that would have been necessary to win . So , the bet on an alliance with Nato now appears to have been doomed from the start , even on its own terms – even if the best outcome sought was nothing more than a slightly more liberal regime incorporated into the imperialist camp .
Now , what can Libya expect ? The leading war powers are once more bruiting negotiations , but to what end ? Gaddafi may be persuaded to abandon direct control , in which case the result will most likely be a moderately reformed continuity regime , with ties to European and US capital fully restored .
There appears to be little prospect of theirs going into exile . But that 's not all . The Transitional Council led by former regime elements continues to state that it is the only legitimate authority in Libya . It has been internationally recognised as such by a number of crucial powers . But this is pure cynicism . The imperialist powers know that the Transitional Council ca n't control all of Libya . They 're certainly not taking any steps now to give them the military means to do so . So this means that the tendencies toward partition are sharpened .
There are signs of such a resolution being offered as a `` temporary '' measure to secure the peace and allow some process of national reconciliation to take place ( note that this conflict has increasingly been described as a civil war ) . This would be economically disabling for all of Libya , including those territories controlled by the rebels . It would also be dangerous in ways that I hope I do n't need to spell out .
The final justification for this debacle will be that speedy intervention , however half-hearted , prevented a massacre . Now , there may once have been reason to believe this . But there is no longer is .
Gaddafi has enough blood on their hands , and deserved to fall to the insurgents , but there 's no reason to submit to war propaganda . In reality , as Amnesty put it , `` there is no proof of mass killing of civilians on the scale of Syria or Yemen '' . [ See footnote ] Which is an interesting way of putting it . It 's no secret that the coalition that was supposedly preventing a genocidal bloodbath in Libya was actually behind much of the bloodshed in Yemen . This completely demolishes the last leg of the moral case for war . The `` humanitarian interventions '' of the 1990s left the US in a stronger position , both geopolitically and ideologically . I 'm not convinced that this will be the result of the bombing of Libya . In fact , if there was any idea that the US could offer an alternative model of development for the populations of the Middle East , it now lies in ruins . It is more than unfortunate that Libya had to be reduced to ruins for this to become apparent .
• This footnote was added on 12 August to correct the attribution of this sentence in the article above : `` In reality , as Amnesty put it , 'there is no proof of mass killing of civilians on the scale of Syria or Yemen ' . '' The Syria-Yemen assertion appeared in a piece in the Independent that cited Amnesty findings on a range of matters including estimated death tolls in Libyan cities , and went on to draw a contrast with Syria and Yemen . But while the figures were from Amnesty , the conclusion was that of the article 's author . It was mistakenly credited to Amnesty .
Columnist
George W. Bush 's speech this last week at a forum hosted by their eponymous institute might as well have been titled `` Dear Donald . '' The 43rd president all but called out the current president by name as they lamented the tone and character of today 's political rhetoric .
`` Bigotry seems emboldened , '' Bush said . `` Our politics seems more vulnerable to conspiracy theories and outright fabrication . ''
Indeed .
Trump likes to label these theories and fabrications `` fake news , '' but `` fake news '' is Trump 's own invention — and their greatest fabrication to date . Now the rallying cry for millions of Trump supporters , `` fake news '' is a deflection , a decoy floated on the human sea of credulity to distract people from coverage they find unflattering . The truth is , what Trump says and does is so often unflattering without embellishment that adjectives and adverbs need n't apply .
One need look no further than Tuesday when , attempting to comfort the widow of a slain soldier , Trump reportedly could n't bother to use the deceased 's name and reminded the grieving woman that their husband had known what they were signing up for , but `` it hurts anyway . '' You could say that . Or not .
By contrast , Bush 's suffering on behalf of the injured and killed whom they sent into harm 's way as president is apparent in their visage , in the portraits of wounded soldiers they have painted , and in their ongoing work with troops and military families . Such actions do n't alter the pain of a deadly mistake , but they at least indicate a profound empathy that is utterly lacking in the current president .
No stranger to media criticism — crushing criticism — Bush never attacked the fourth estate . They also obviously recognizes that worse than a reporter 's or editor 's error is the undermining of public faith in a free press . Once the government succeeds in eliminating a country 's watchdogs , the government becomes the only source of information . Most people know , or should know , how that ends .
The irony is that the very people who curse the media also tend to curse government overreach .
Trump 's `` fake news '' charge is very much in the vein of propaganda . They have created a false narrative to clear obstacles — such as questioning reporters or the hindrance of accountability — from their path .
Russians are also very good at this . Recent revelations about fake Twitter accounts tied to Russia through which genuinely fake news was posted and distributed to influence the 2016 election remind us of how vulnerable we are to real fake news . Unfortunately , Trump has helped blur the line between propaganda and what is otherwise known simply as news .
The fact that members of Trump 's campaign and family retweeted some of these real-fake news items demonstrates how difficult it can be to recognize what 's real and what 's not . This may be the greatest challenge of our times . Disinformation combined with generalized antipathy toward the traditional press may be the toxic combination that poisons unity and condemns democratic principles to the hazardous-waste dump . One can not overemphasize the importance of these developments or of the president 's contributions to the undermining of institutions created by our Constitution to monitor government power .
Recall that a president 's primary duty , in addition to defending the country , is to protect the Constitution . Yet , in just nine months in office , Trump has done more to challenge the integrity of the First Amendment than any other president in history , including expressing interest in making it easier to sue journalists for libel .
They would never actually push such a measure because Trump is smart and knows he 'd get nowhere . But they also know that many among their base do n't know this . No matter . He 's rallied the base with rhetoric and reinforced the infrastructure of their greatest deception . Talk about fake news .
In other remarks clearly aimed at Trump , Bush addressed bullying and prejudice in public life that `` sets a national tone , provides permission for cruelty and bigotry , and compromises the moral education of children . '' And : `` We ca n't wish globalization away , any more than we could wish away the agricultural revolution or the Industrial Revolution . ''
One need n't be a sleuth to infer that Bush was speaking to the man oft referred to as our bully in chief , as well as to Trump the salesperson , who convinced working-class Americans that they would bring back all those jobs lost to globalization . As Bush suggested , globalization is the new age and the old one is n't coming back .
A Republican president needed to say these things — and their name was n't Trump .
Read more from Kathleen Parker 's archive , follow them on Twitter or find them on Facebook .
How new laws in the US are threatening activists ' ability to uncover appalling treatment of animals .
`` There is a difference between saying that a video has been edited , to condense it to a few minutes , to present on YouTube .. [ and ] it 's a different thing entirely to allege that these videos have been doctored , manipulated or manufactured , which is what the industry seems to be saying right now , there is no evidence of this ... '' - Will Potter , an independent journalist and an author
Covert video has exposed the cruel treatment of animals in some factory farms in the United States but in several US states it is those who expose abusive practices that could end up being punished .
Animal rights activists say new laws being enacted in several US states are threatening their ability to uncover cases of appalling treatment of livestock .
In many instances , undercover videos have led to the prosecution and conviction of animal abusers .
In 2011 , the Humane Society released a video exposing workers using an illegal method of training horses known as `` soring '' .
The workers at a training facility used chemicals to burn the legs of horses in order to force them to walk with a high step in competitions . It also showed trainers striking horses in the head among other abuses . This video led federal prosecutors to charge and convict the perpetrators .
But now , in several states , it is the whistleblowers themselves who could now be pursued under legislation being proposed that would make it illegal to covertly videotape conditions at farms , or to work undercover .
`` We are very disassociated from our food supply , and one of the things that we are trying to do within the animal welfare movement is to connect people to their food and to really say : ok this is happening in some rural outpost , whether it 's the production or the slaughter , but you have a moral duty to see what 's going on with these animals . '' - Wayne Pacelle , resident and CEO , The Humane Society
The legislation called Ag-Gag bills by campaigners , is often based on a template drawn up by the American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) - a conservative group that brings together big business and politicians to formulate laws favourable to right wing and corporate interests .
ALEC had a hand in Florida 's controversial `` stand your ground '' gun law and voter ID regulations in various states .
Activists say the legislation is part of a sustained campaign against animal and environmental activists led by corporations and the politicians they support .
A few years ago a senior FBI official named what they called 'eco-terrorism ' as the number one domestic terror threat - a term that now appears to encompass non-violent civil disobedience by those simply concerned about the environment and cruelty to animals .
So , are the priorities of legislators too aligned with big business ? And can the Ag-Gag laws really stop animal activists ?
Inside Story Americas , with presenter Shihab Rattansi , discusses with guests : Emily Meredith , the director of communications at the Animal Agriculture Alliance ; Wayne Pacelle , the president and CEO of The Humane Society of the United States , an animal protection group ; and Will Potter , an independent journalist and author of the book Green is the New Red : An Insider 's Account of a Social Movement Under Siege .
`` Well the farm protection legislation is really important , because it protects the farm owners ... the farm families who work [ in ] those farms ... and it protects the animal agriculture industry as a whole . '' `` Of course no one in the industry , none of this family condone any sort of animal abuse . But this farm protection legislation has really derived from a need for farm families to have a recourse against these activist groups who are really portraying them in a false light , and using these videos as fund raising campaigns , rather to really collaborate with the industry and make improvements . '' - Emely Meredith , director of communications at the Animal Agriculture Alliance
Source : Al Jazeera
Role Playing Games can be complex beasts to create , with many interacting gameplay systems . We want to make it easy for you , by creating a series of online courses that teach you step-by-step how to make an RPG from scratch .
Have you ever wanted to create your ideal RPG , but do n't know where to start ? Having created some of the most successful game development courses on the Internet , we now want to turn our attention to a deep-dive into an RPG ... from concept art to Steam Early Access .
* Additional courses are : The Unreal Engine Developer , Make VR Games in Unity , Game Physics , Blender Python . See here for more details .
The coaching is with your choice of any of our team .
Stretch Goals
£35,000 - Steam Big Picture Mode < == ACHIEVED !
Ensure your players can play with the comfort of a controller , and earn the `` Full Controller Support '' badge on Steam . This means your game starts without pop-ups ( The Witness are you listening ? ) , the UI works , the game plays fully , and you can exit back to the comfort of Big Picture Mode .
£50,000 - Character customisation
We 'll build a character customisation system to allow you to distribute points between different abilities , and to make appearance customisation . This will allow your players to make the hero their own .
Beyond that we 're considering local co-op multiplayer , internet multiplayer and even procedural dungeons ... you 'll have to get us 1000 % funded for that though .
Is This For You ?
We will be creating a series of courses to make this happen , all of which will be free to our backers . We will structure the courses to be accessible to a wide range of people . If you have no prior game making experience then the BEGINNER BUNDLE may be for you .
If you already have some experience with Unity , then we will provide you with a self-assessment quiz to determine where to start to maximise your learning . Every video will be linked to GitHub so you can see what code was added and removed , and even download our project at this stage .
You can take the courses at your own pace , from anywhere . All you will need is an internet connection , and a computer capable of running Unity for development ( see here ) . Once you have access , there is no expiry date and all future updates are free .
Who Are We ?
What makes us think we can help you make a great RPG from scratch ? We 're glad you asked , and you 'll be glad to hear we have a proven track-record of helping beginners make great games .
This is Ben Tristem 's 4th Kickstarter , the first three funded over 1000 % and led to courses on Udemy with a total of over 130,000 students . These courses are continually updated , and attract some of the highest reviews on Udemy . Ben walks downstairs on their hands .
Michael Bridges is an artist , musician and computer geek , and is the primary instructor on the Complete Blender Creator . This highly successful 3D art course has over 29,000 happy students . Mikey brews beer .
Sam Pattuzzi is a Cambridge University computer science graduate and supervisor . Sam is the primary instructor on the Unity VR Course , and the Unity Certification Course , and a co-instructor on the Unreal Developer Course . Sam speaks Italian and Russian .
Rick Davidson has decades of video game industry experience and has helped thousands of aspiring game professionals get paid to make games for a living through their YouTube videos , online workshops and classroom teaching . Rick rides mountain bikes .
Last but certainly not least is Lucy Becker , who will be your first point of contact . Lucy ensures that even when we are all heads-down creating courses , you get a response to your questions . Lucy kickboxes !
Here are some recent reviews for our current courses ...
... and they are just a few of over 23,000 positive reviews for our past courses . You 're in safe hands with us , we 're passionate , responsive and genuinely committed to crafting your learning journey .
What Will The Courses Contain ?
We will be making a series of courses to cover all this content . We estimate 3-5 courses totalling over 60 hours of content . As these are released you will receive a free access coupon via email .
We are aiming to give you everything you need to build a production standard RPG from scratch . From the concept and early community feedback , to in-game analytics and releasing patches to your game .
We will show you how to craft memorable moments for your players . The project we build will be small in scope , but deep in detail . We wo n't be creating 1000s of art assets and levels , but what we do create will be high quality and complete .
We will be teaching team collaboration including communication , project planning , motivation , roles , lean production , the use of GitHub for source control and how to craft team spirit .
All required art assets provided including 2D art , 3D animated characters , music , audio and particle effects . If you want to create your own from the start that 's fine too .
NEW : English closed-captions will be added to the course : - )
What Will The Teaching Project Be ?
We are looking to build a single player adventure RPG . Specifically this will be a true 3D game , with full skeletal animation .
We will choose a fixed camera-rotation isometric or dimetric projection . This will allow art assets to be optimised for viewing from two sides , and simplify level design . Conversion to a free camera or perspective could be a stretch-goal , or an exercise to the reader . Conversion down to baked 2D assets ( Clash of Clans style ) is also possible .
These are the initial features , others may be added as a result of feedback or stretch-goals .
Character progression stats , levels , etc .
stats , levels , etc . Quests event systems , UI , story .
event systems , UI , story . Inventory & pickups including UI , weight , space , etc .
including UI , weight , space , etc . Combat feel , tuning , ranged and melee .
feel , tuning , ranged and melee . Narrative & dialog that affects gameplay .
In terms of features of development , again we will cover everything required to entice the target emotion in your players . This includes , but is n't limited to ...
SFX and music design and mixing .
design and mixing . Modular level design and building .
and building . Play tuning and testing .
and testing . Art style management .
management . Lean production processes & mindset .
Here is a very early artist 's concept of the gameplay to get you thinking . We 're making a dragon-era fantasy and action RPG ...
Early Concept Sketch
We like to stress that we are very open to feedback , and will listen to your suggestions as this campaign progresses . None of this is set-in-stone .
Here 's a rougher list of community written features , and whether they are included or not .
To Be Included ...
Achievements .
Opening and looting chests .
Basic crafting system , combing items to make a new one .
Level streaming .
How to optimise graphics .
Inventory system / weapon and armour switching .
Resource gathering .
Steam ( steam controller / KB mouse ) .
Saving progress .
Making the code/prefabs as modular and reusable as possible .
Detailed Character stats like armour rating .
Various weapons , armour/clothes & special items .
Enemy AI ( detecting/ seeing character , fighting methods , idle actions , alert/suspicious actions , player detected actions ) .
Simple quests & progress tracking .
Non-weapon items ( like a claw shot in zelda , or flute , etc ) .
Level design .
Shops / stores to buy and sell goods < = new
XP / Levelling-up
Special attacks
Healing
Fluent transitions when loading .
In-game menu with pause .
Options including volume , control mapping .
At least one town with a store to sell your loot .
Fast travel between locations on world map .
Pathfinding to point on ground for player and NPCs .
Doors & keys .
Basic day / night cycle .
Loot drops from killed enemies .
Saving : player initiated , and new area auto-saves .
Different character classes allowing to distribute points .
Easter Eggs - because people love 'em .
Game updates and how to distribute them .
Making the game beautiful with post-processing *
* This was a stretch-goal , but we 've bundled it as we believe it 's important .
What Is Not Included To Keep Game Focused ...
Complex Quests & progress tracking .
Building homes . ( Example : fallout 4 )
In game factions .
A mini map
Climbing ladders/walls etc .
Waiting / resting ( such as waiting for day time from night ) .
Porting the RPG to other Home devices ( AppleTV , Nvidia Shield , etc . )
Major story branches .
Turn-based play .
First person view .
Why Are We Running This Kickstarter ?
We are creating this Kickstarter because our thriving community has voted for this idea above all others . But why not just create the course ? There are a few reasons for this ...
Feedback . It 's great that our community want to learn this , but we can have a much greater impact if the public have a voice .
. It 's great that our community want to learn this , but we can have a much greater impact if the public have a voice . Funding . This is a big series , with several people involved . We need to fund the early course development .
This is a big series , with several people involved . We need to fund the early course development . Fun . Running a Kickstarter is hard , and a lot of fun . This playful atmosphere leads to great ideas and community .
Running a Kickstarter is hard , and a lot of fun . This playful atmosphere leads to great ideas and community . To build a better course . One of the things that make our courses great is the interaction with our students & supporters . Help shape the development of this exciting series .
Backing This Project
The first thing to remember , is please consider pledging just a little more than your chosen reward level . This will really help us reach our stretch goals ( which will be revealed as we approach them ) , they shape the project and ensure that everyone gets more out of the experience .
Pledges will be collected first thing in the New Year . The moment the pledges are in we will send coupons for existing courses ( e.g . Unity , Blender etc. ) . The RPG series will be released in parts , starting from March 2017 .
You will receive access to the RPG series once the first 5 hours or so of content are live , then we will be adding videos at the rate of several a week until the project is finished .
We expect to continue creating content through 2017 , and into 2018 if necessary .
Thanks to my wife for being such a great support , my partners Mike , Sam and Lucy . Rick Davidson for all their support , and our lifetime members for their early support and enthusiasm .
Happy backing !
PS Please share this project with your friends , it really helps us .
Sorry guys : female sexual cannibalism is far more common than male . In some species , males provide the single biggest food source for the females of their kind . While scientists have postulated all kinds of evolutionary reasons for sexual cannibalism , their theories are often confounded by three core conflicts :
it prevents males from further mating
many male mates avoid being eaten if possible
males are usually eaten before they can even mate
So while there might be an adaptive reason for these relationships it is equally likely that the ( usually much larger ) female might just decide that a given male will make a better meal than a mate .
1 ) Scorpions are everywhere – mountains , deserts , tropics , caves and even post-nuclear blast sites . Nonetheless , scorpions have as many predators as they do habitats , including various mammals , frogs , salamanders , insects spiders and birds . However , did you know that their own biggest predator is themselves ? Over half of sand scorpions prey on scorpions and in many species the female consumes its mate , while in rare species the reverse is true .
How the Males Escape ( Sometimes ) : Many males have been observed to sting the females into stunned submission prior to the mating process as well – presumably in part to limit their chances of beaten eaten alive afterward .
2 ) Spiders are one of the most widely recognized mate-eating animal types in the world , with one kind – the so-called Black Widow – notably named for this habit . So why do the females consume the males , in some species at a rate of over 80 % ? Many theories have been advanced to explain this but the most solid explanation seems to be simply a matter of size : in species where the female is significantly bigger the females much more frequently eat the males . In short , it is n't about fuel for the pregnancy or an evolutionary adaptation – it is a simple natural slaughter of opportunity .
How the Males Escape ( Sometimes ) : Some male spiders hold the jaws of their female mates open while mating in order to keep from being eaten alive – others bring a diversionary meal to distract their partner .
3 ) Praying mantises are anything but penitent in the act of mating , infamous for often biting off the heads of their male partners during the act itself ( which , amazingly , only speeds things up ) . Some males appear to wait for an ideal opportunity to dismount without prompting the female into a cannibalistic rage , though scientists have yet to determine and still debate which is the more adaptive trait for the males : permitting their own consumption in order to complete the process and improve chances of fertilization or making a clean getaway to mate again . Large mantises have been known to eat lizards , mice and small birds – making a male a small snack .
How the Males Escape ( Sometimes ) : The best known self-preservation tactic for male mantises is simply waiting until their partner has caught a snack – and to hoping they are n't still hungry after they finish copulating .
September 26 , 2012 4:33 pm ET by Carlos Maza
The National Organization for Marriage ( NOM ) published a column Wednesday asserting that gay men who seek out surrogates in order to have children are akin to “ sexual predators ” and rapists .
In a September 26 blog post , NOM 's Ruth Institute excerpted a column entitled “ The New Sexual Predators , ” which was originally published at the Witherspoon Institute 's Public Discourse blog . The column 's author , Alana S. Newman , argues that women must now defend themselves not only from “ stereotypical sexual predators ” but from “ gay men who seek their eggs ” :
By far , men have always been the main buyers of sexual access to fertile females . Women virtually never pay for sexual access to either gender . Women and girls make up the overwhelming majority of prostitutes and escorts , and men overwhelmingly make up the clientele . [ … ] Rape is another example of unbalanced behavior between the genders . Although women do rape , men force sexual access against their victims ' will much more often—and their victims are predominantly young ( as in fertile ) women . [ … ] But now there are new predators on the scene , for whom we do not have a script . There are new characters eager to exploit our daughters ' bodies , who enjoy unsullied reputations , passing detection even as they blatantly hunt for eggs and wombs with checkbooks in hand . And historically they have been the people women should fear the least . These new players vying for access to young women 's bodies are older or infertile women , and gay men—quite often our friends and members of our family . [ … ] Proponents of redefining marriage call marriage equality “ the civil rights struggle of our time. ” TV shows such as The New Normal promote surrogacy arrangements with dialogue such as “ a family is a family , and love is love. ” Characters that criticize the use of surrogacy and egg donation are explicitly depicted as unsympathetic , racist , close-minded bigots . What these shows ( and other memes ) do is insist that in order to be a friend to gay people , one must approve , or at least stay neutral toward , all forms of third-party reproduction . So now , young women must do more than simply defend themselves against aggressive heterosexual males who want to use them for sex . They must also navigate a world filled with new , never-before-seen predators—people they thought they could trust—who aggressively target them for their eggs and their wombs . [ emphasis added ]
The utter stupidity of Newman 's argument can not be understated . If a woman is willing to act as a surrogate for a gay couple , it is not a form of sexual assault , nor is it in any way comparable to committing an act of rape .
Same-sex couples that go through the difficult process of surrogacy deserve to be commended for their commitment to raising children -- not called sexual predators . The fact that NOM posted this column on its blog once again reveals the organization 's agenda is to attack gay and lesbian Americans , not just gay marriage .
This is n't the first time NOM has depicted gay couples seeking to raise children as predatory . Last November , Ruth Institute President Jennifer Morse implied that gay men were taking children away from their African-American parents .
UPDATE : Newman 's column has also been posted on Maggie Gallagher 's blog at the Culture War Victory Fund . Gallagher is one of NOM 's co-founders .
Previously :
NOM 's Morse Cites Regnerus Study To Claim Children Of Gay Parents Are More Likely To Be Molested
NOM 's Thomas Peters Previews Launch Of `` Next Gen For Marriage '' Project
NOM : Chimpanzees ' Behavior Proves Homosexuality Is Unnatural
CLANCY OVERELL | Editor | CONTACT
A privileged trust fund kid who was lucky enough to enter Australia 's property market before the overseas-investment-fueled capital city property boom says their generation needs to stop buying $ 4 coffees and travelling if they want to own a home .
Tim Gurner ( 35 ) – the grandson of a man wealthy enough to leave them close to $ 40,000 – twenty years ago – for doing nothing other than being born into the right family , is now worth nearly half a billion dollars . e has delivered a brutal smackdown to some would-be first home buyers struggling to get a toehold in the market .
Funnily enough , they think this whole fortune is a result of nothing more than their work ethic – and the fact that their $ 34,000 loan , adjusted for inflation was actually equivalent to $ 50k – when the median prices for a home were $ 325k in Sydney , $ 190k in Melbourne and $ 164k in Brisbane .
On 60 Minutes last night , Mr Gurner delivered a brutal smackdown to some would-be first home buyers struggling to get a toehold in the market .
“ When I was buying my first home , I was n't buying smashed avocado for 19 bucks and four coffees at $ 4 each , ” they told 60 Minutes in a segment exploring Australia 's housing affordability crisis .
Gurner says this is mainly because this kind of luxuries did n't really exist then , because most young people did n't need to numb the pain of being locked out financially with material purchases and pointless culinary trends .
“ You have to start to get realistic about your expectations . There is no question we are at a point now where the expectations of younger people are very , very high . ”
Gurner says that unless you had exactly the same luck as they did nearly two decades ago , and came from a similarly privileged family that was able to hand out $ 40k to a 19-year-old for no reason – you are n't going to be able to buy a house in a city .
Gurner says if all that has n't gone your way , you can always ask your parents for help .
“ You might have to buy an investment property first , you might have to share with mum and dad , you might have to buy with a friend , but you 've got to get your foot in the door and you 've got to slowly get up the ladder ” they said .
They say if , for some weird reason , your parents do n't have the money to help you put down a 20 % deposit on a property in the market they helped ruin by selling property developments to the highest Asian-based bidders , then not even God can help you .
“ Just show some work ethic and coincidental privilege like I have ”
Killzone and Killzone 2 were drab , bleak affairs . Killzone 3 , on the other hand , dared to add a little colour to the series , a decision that paid off in the end .
I never really had much time for the first two games , but I really liked Killzone 3 , and I think at least part of that turnaround was due to the fact the game took place in a variety of environments , which helped break up the soul-crushing monotony of seeing wrecked street after wrecked street .
This concept art for the game , drawn by Jesse van Dijk ( who works for Killzone developers Guerilla Games ) , takes in four of the main environments players visit over the course of the game , and even makes the dead city of Killzone 2 look pretty .
Oh , and while we 're on the subject , also included in the gallery is a short trailer showing some of the behind-the-scenes work captured by Rainfall films . Those with the collector 's edition of the game will have seen it all before , but those who have n't , enjoy .
Jesse van Dijk [ via CoolVibe ]
SysVinit
`` We do n't execute people just because they are old , and worship people just because they are new '' `` We should n't do so with technology ''
Why can we not be afforded the choice to stay with sysvinit that we know and have no problem with ? Sysvinit is a known quantity . It does n't crash , it does n't do too many things , it starts up the system and that is that . Very few people need the process tracking that is the main feature of these new init systems . It is an `` enterprise '' feature , and most of us do not need it at all . So why must we not in the enterprise be dragged along ?
Debian once upon a time was the more unix like , less redhat like distro . It was for those who knew what they were doing or who wanted to learn . Will a new debian be needed once that which we knew is gone ? Is it possible to take on such a project now that our choice is to be taken from us and those things which we have learnt over the past decades be paved over with some new flavor of the month or year ? Is churn and change of process really a good thing ? Should we build our machines on shifting sands .
RFA : a volunteer is sought to assume maintainership of this page , who may need to produce a position statement as detailed at 727708 # 305 and 727708 # 315 This has been drafted from arguments raised in debian-devel and elsewhere .
( Proposed introductory statement ) This statement does not denounce claims that newer init systems provide useful features which makes them more suitable than ? SysVinit for many users . We still believe that ? SysVinit is the best init system for Debian users . We also believe that even if ? SysVinit is not the best init system for Debian users at this moment , it would be wrong to migrate to Upstart or systemd . The most natural successor for ? SysVinit is certainly OpenRC . For details see OpenRC statement . Although OpenRC is not yet in Sid , it could soon become available .
Pro
It is integrated in the Debian ecosystem and this integration is well tested .
It works on all supported architectures and kernels
Has a long history ( System V R4 , 1988 ? ) , and so is widely used , well documented and understood by users of UNIX-like systems ; /etc/rc.d initscripts are still used today by FreeBSD ( since at least 1999 ) , NetBSD since v1.5 , OpenBSD uses something similar since v4.9 ; Red Hat from ? ? ? up until RHEL6 and Debian since ? ? ?
Is the smallest and simplest initsystem available http : //wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Talk : Comparison_of_init_systems # Size_and_complexity
Init scripts can be improved using abstraction and addtional features can be implemented as suplemental software that could be used from shell scripts .
Many of us using sysvinit know how to fix an unbootable system : boot with init=/bin/sh and you can edit or invoke the initscripts by hand .
Init scripts are a standard interface for many other purposes . Things like heartbeat , pacemaker , ... can all call initscripts directly .
Init scripts are most easy to understand and debug . All important logic is contained in them , code is very readable , intuitive and simple and debug outputs can be inserted everywhere .
Contra change to another initsystem
Any change at all involves work , learning something new , and therefore should be a choice ; this decision feels somewhat forced upon us by some who insist it is better for us .
If GNOME requires logind which requires systemd , it is unreasonable to impose such a change on the whole distribution , and ought to find an alternative which does n't .
Unless the new initsystem retains backward compatiblity , and packages continue to provide sysvinit-style initscripts :
Estimates are that up to 1200 Debian packages may be required to adapt to , and continue to support , such a change .
If packages remove their current initscripts , ports like kFreeBSD and Hurd may be unable to use software that was working before this . ( Unless the new initsystem can be ported ; this is most likely for OpenRC but completely ruled out for systemd ) .
Much third-party software outside of the Debian archive , or in-house projects within business , may no longer work without taking effort to port them to a new initsystem .
Some maintainers object to maintaining separate initscripts to support alternate systems .
Declerative systems are nice to look at and might cause fewer problems , but if there is a problem , they are almost impossible to debug . Even more so if you only have a non-working system ( as the problem would be in the init system ) . At least judging from their documentation they all support significant logging .
Even given the disadvantages of editing init scripts ( hard to merge with upgrades , ... ) and the resulting reluctance of admins to edit them directly , almost every admin has used this ultima ratio at some time , which indicates the missing flexibility to do so might be a problem with other init systems .
Contra systemd , upstart
Not all functionality can be controlled by configuration files and is instead contained in compiled code and if you need to change something it is difficult .
( mainly systemd ) Principle of all-mighty solutions is in its nature authoritarian . All-in-one `` solutions '' are a characteristic of big companies that want to seduce its users into a vicious circle of using their integrated software , while sacrificing other tools that would give them more benefit , thereby realizing abusive psychological advantage above the user .
Init system supported by a big company may have better support but that support is influenced by interests of that company .
They depend on DBus , which means that if DBus is not working system initialization can not begin .
Key feature of free software is forking , which saves the software from falling into hands of corrupted people . When a project is corrupted , good developers can fork it and make a new project . But if a software is too complex , then forked project is also too complex , and that could demotivate developers to work on such project .
If makers of systemd and upstart really wanted to contribute to F/OSS community , they could just improve sysvinit , init scripts and add additional software that can be used from shell scripts to achieve the same features they provide . Which is basically what openrc did .
Complex software has more bugs . Software requiring a complex SysV init script at the moment ( e.g . Squid ) may still need a complex Upstart or systemd definition .
Features provided by these init systems are often compensations for lack of features in software that should have those features , and which should not be in init system ; e.g . 'start daemons when they are first used ' feature compensates lack of support for inetd in server software .
Boot speed may not be important enough to justify a new init system ; BIOS POST , option ROMs , EFI boot may take a long time already , and most server systems are rarely restarted anyway .
Contra systemd
Not portable , by design ; uses Linux-specific functionality not available on other platforms .
Binds Debian to being a Linux distribution ; even some Linux ports may have to be dropped if systemd stops supporting them .
Violates traditional UNIX principles of simplicity and the separation of kernel/initsystem/userland duties such that components are interchangeable .
Begins a precedent for disruptive change , which may happen again if systemd changes its APIs or deprecates some interfaces ( has been described as resembling 'vendor lock-in ' ; really meaning we must continue to keep up with changes mandated by upstream ) . logind can no longer be used standalone , as of systemd v205 plans to replace ifupdown scripts too conflicts with busybox-syslogd
Questions over agenda / conspiracy theories surrounding GNOME , systemd , and Linux , particularly Red Hat 's interest in them .
We do n't need the stress associated with ever changing to the newest thing and being lead by the nose down another `` rabbit hole '' . Debian should be a rock amidst the sands , not dust blown by the wind .
Attitudes expressed by those pushing systemd : disinterest in Debian 's ports , in `` choice '' and the ability to `` combine everything with everything else '' : misunderstanding of the 'modular ' concept ; having `` some 80+ binaries around '' is bloat , it is not modular if they depend on using systemd and its interfaces together as a whole http : //bugs.debian.org/684396 # 10 http : //bugs.debian.org/684396 # 30 https : //plus.google.com/115547683951727699051/posts/8RmiAQsW9qf Lennart Poettering : `` The only thing we wo n't take is patches that make systemd portable to the BSDs or Hurd . '' Throwing POSIX completely out of the window : where does reinvention end ? `` Systemd ships a growing number of useful , unified command-line interfaces for system settings and control ( timedatectl , bootctl , hostnamectl , loginctl , machinectl , kernel-install , localectl ) . '' `` unified '' is a bad replacement for complying to standards ( such as POSIX ) and conventions and power must go along with responsibility Minimum system dependencies for systemd : acl dbus glib2 hwids kmod libcap libgcrypt pam attr glibc expat libcap openssl pam perl cracklib db libtirpc libgssglue
Contra upstart
upstart is covered by the Contributor License Agreement ; Canonical retains full BSD-like rights over its code and modifications shared back upstream , but the general public can use it only with GPL copyleft restrictions .
Only available for Linux yet ; anyone able and willing to port it would likely have to agree to the CLA , or otherwise fork a separate project .
Questions over agenda of Canonical / Ubuntu project .
Default 'reload ' action is 'buggy ' ( Ubuntu 10.04 ) ? Sends SIGHUP which the software may ignore .
Ca n't set proper dependencies until everything has converted from SysV init files to Upstart jobs .
Contra OpenRC
This initsystem is the least familiar to most of us yet ( only recently packaged , and still in Debian 's NEW queue ) .
Contra sysvinit
Perhaps this section belongs on the other initsystems ' pages ?
Philip Gelatt 's indie thriller They Remain premieres this weekend at the H.P . Lovecraft Film Festival in Portland , OR . The film is the second to be directed ( as well as written ) by Gelatt , the screenwriter of 2013 's indie sci-fi favorite Europa Report , and is based on a novella by Laird Barron . Like Europa Report ( which took a bit of loose inspiration from At the Mountains of Madness ) , They Remain draws from Lovecraftian ideas and themes to inform both its mythology and its approach to slow-burn sci-fi suspense . But while those narrative aspects are inspired by the great early-20th-century writer of “ weird fiction , ” the style of the film is decidedly modern , and extremely minimalist . Its focus is on creating a cold , icy hostility and sense of alienated dread which at times feels almost antiseptic in its modernity . It also plays out almost entirely as a two-actor show , building up the distrust and tension between co-stars William Jackson Harper ( The Good Place ) and Rebecca Henderson ( Manhunt : Unabomber ) . The result is a film which transposes Lovecraftian ideas onto a very different genre approach . The results are uneven and the final product a bit flawed , but it is nonetheless a compelling , well-shot and acted indie thriller .
Harper and Henderson play two scientists who have been sent by a mysterious corporation to investigate an ecological “ dead zone ” which , despite having normal-seeming vegetation , appears to be totally lacking in animal life . The area used to be home to a mysterious cult which ritualistically killed a huge amount of people on the land – begging the question , are the history of occult violence and the ecological anomalies linked ? The film follows their months-long investigation – and the way in which they both begin to psychologically unravel and mistrust each other as the isolation and macabre work plays with their heads . The focus of the film is largely on the latter : the occult concepts and ecological mystery are quite intriguing , but it is the psychological fallout of them , and the effects of isolation on the two paranoia-prone minds , with which the story is most concerned . The film 's best scenes are either subjective nightmare-visions reflecting the characters ' mental cracking or dialogue scenes between the two , in which reticence and mistrust fill the gaps of what goes unsaid .
This is where the movie is at its strongest : Harper and Henderson both give strong performances , particularly when they are working with silence and facial/body language to convey this unspoken tension . The film 's cinematography by Sean Kirby is likewise very strong in both of these aspects , bringing an icy hostility to these dialogue scenes , and a dreamy sense of unreality to the sequences which may be nightmares or visions , or may be real . The film is quite atmospheric , and strongly captures the sense of psychological subjectivity central to Gelatt 's script . Kirby likewise was the cinematographer for the 2007 Lovecraftian horror/thriller Cthulhu ( a very interesting and ambitious queer-cinema take on The Shadow Over Innsmouth ) , which boasted a similar coldly dreamlike atmosphere ; their work on that film made them a naturally excellent choice for this one .
However , the film has some significant flaws in the script department . While the tension between the two main characters works well , the larger story which frames this tension leaves much to be desired . Neither the ecological mystery nor the Lovecraftian cult mythology are sufficiently fleshed out , and sometimes feel more like macguffins in service of the characters ' story than a story unto themselves . This is definitely a problem , since both of those plot threads are really interested in concept ( they are , after all , why both the characters and the viewers are here ) , and it is a bit frustrating that they remain underbaked . Some of this may be due to budgetary constraints – as 2007 's Cthulhu likewise learned the hard way , it is difficult to deliver Lovecraftian horrors with very little money – but largely it seems due to the fact that the script is more interested in inward strife than outward mythology . The end result would , however , have been stronger if it could have done both . The last act in particular is harmed by the underdeveloped nature of the story 's mythology , as we really should know more than we do about what is actually going on for the film 's climax to have more impact . As it is , the film 's final act is less satisfying than it should be as a result .
Ultimately They Remain is compelling and worth checking out when it gets a wider release this fall , because of how well it handles its slippery paranoia and isolated character tension . The actors handle the two-person-show challenge of the material quite well , and the strong visual style makes the slow-burn approach work pretty effectively . It is unfortunate that the script shortchanges its Lovecraftian mystery as much as it does , as this aspect of the story is really interesting , and we do not get nearly enough of it . The result is an uneven film which in the end does n't quite fulfill its potential . It is nonetheless worth a look , and makes a case for Gelatt being a strong filmmaker who could do something very impressive with a bit more resources . Perhaps next time they can explore the Lovecraftian themes which have recurred in their work so far with a bit more depth .
Score :
- Christopher S. Jordan
Image caption The Grace Cup was last exhibited at Glastonbury Abbey in 1886
A 16th Century carved oak tankard has returned to its Somerset roots for the first time in 125 years .
The Glastonbury Grace Cup , which is believed to have once belonged to the abbots of Glastonbury , is featuring in an exhibition at the abbey 's museum .
A biblical scene including the 12 apostles and the crucifixion decorates the Grace Cup , which received the name because of its religious associations .
The cup now belongs to the Arundell family in Wiltshire .
It was last exhibited in Glastonbury in 1886 to celebrate the inauguration of the Glastonbury Antiquarian Society .
Historian Dr Tim Hopkinson-Ball , who tracked the item down and arranged for its loan , said it was `` always thrilling when we find forgotten treasures '' .
They added that it was `` wonderfully fitting '' that the cup was being displayed during celebrations for the Glastonbury Antiquarian Society 's 125th anniversary .
'Great interest '
According to Arundell family tradition , the cup was given to a Roman Catholic ancestor when Glastonbury Abbey was dissolved in 1539 and has passed down the generations since then .
Image caption A silver-gilt replica of the cup will also be displayed
The cup is also known as a peg tankard because of a vertical row of pegs inside which would have allocated each drinker an equal measure of ale .
A full size replica of the cup , which was cast in silver-gilt during the reign of George IV ( 1762-1830 ) , will also be on display alongside the original .
Mary Gryspeerdt , curator of the exhibition which runs until 31 January , said it was a `` privilege '' to be able to display the Grace Cup and reveal some of its history .
`` Whatever its true origins , it is an object of great interest to the abbey , '' they said .
`` And to have the Silver Gilt replica here simultaneously is a wonderful coup for the Abbey , Glastonbury , Somerset and the South West . ''
From taking a jab at Rosie O'Donnell to consoling Sen. Rand Paul on a difficult night , here are Donald Trump 's memorable lines from their first GOP presidential debate . ( Fox News Channel )
From taking a jab at Rosie O'Donnell to consoling Sen. Rand Paul on a difficult night , here are Donald Trump 's memorable lines from their first GOP presidential debate . ( Fox News Channel )
Maybe it 's time to exhume the body and have another look .
Back in 2013 , the Republican National Committee “ autopsy ” of the 2012 election concluded that to win future presidential elections , Republicans would need to be more inclusive of women , be more tolerant on gay rights to gain favor with young voters , support comprehensive immigration reform to appeal to Latinos and stand strong against “ corporate malfeasance . ”
Well , the 17 Republican presidential candidates met in Cleveland on Thursday for three hours of debate , and Americans saw candidates : opposing abortion even in cases of rape or incest or to save a mother 's life ; comparing the Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage to one supporting slavery ; and talking about building border walls and denying “ amnesty . ”
As for the autopsy 's charge that “ We should speak out when a company liquidates itself and its executives receive bonuses but rank-and-file workers are left unemployed ” ? The man who dominated Thursday 's spectacle — and the polls — defended their companies ' four bankruptcies ( the most recent of which caused lenders to lose $ 1 billion and 1,100 people to lose jobs ) , saying all the “ greatest people ” in business use bankruptcy law to their advantage .
That man , Donald Trump , set the tone in the opening minutes of the main debate , when Megyn Kelly of Fox News noted that they had called women “ fat pigs , dogs , slobs and disgusting animals. ” The audience laughed .
1 of 27 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Republican presidential hopefuls face off in first 2016 debate View Photos The 10-candidate GOP debate in Cleveland grappled with issues such as internal divisions and a changing American electorate . Caption The 10-candidate debate in Cleveland is for leadership of the GOP grappling with internal divisions and a changing American electorate . Aug. 6 , 2015 From left : Republican presidential candidates business person Donald Trump , former Florida governor Jeb Bush , former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and Ohio Gov . John Kasich take the stage for the first GOP presidential debate at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . Andrew Harnik/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
“ Only Rosie O'Donnell , ” Trump quipped . More laughter .
“ For the record , it was well beyond Rosie O'Donnell , ” Kelly pressed . “ Your Twitter account has several disparaging comments about women 's looks . You once told a contestant on ‘ Celebrity Apprentice ' it would be a pretty picture to see them on their knees . ”
Replied Trump : “ I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct . ”
The debate crowd applauded .
Many Republicans fear Trump is hurting the party ( a 49 percent to 37 percent plurality said so in a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll this week ) and the debate showed that the fear is justified . Though more responsible voices , such as Ohio Gov . John Kasich and former Florida governor Jeb Bush , tried to appeal to the broader electorate , Trump dragged the field back to pre-autopsy days .
The autopsy proclaimed that “ we must embrace and champion comprehensive immigration reform ” and cease to use “ a tone that undermined the GOP brand within Hispanic communities . ”
So what was the “ tone ” on Thursday ?
From business person Donald Trump 's slam on O'Donnell to Gov . Chris Christie ( R-N.J. ) and Sen. Rand Paul ( R-Ky. ) getting into it over hugs , here are some of the most memorable moments from first Republican presidential debate . ( Fox News Channel )
Fox News 's Chris Wallace noted that Trump had famously said that the Mexican government is sending rapists and other criminals across the border , and they asked the business person for proof .
“ So , if it were n't for me , you would n't even be talking about illegal immigration , Chris , ” Trump rejoined .
The crowd applauded .
Trump went on about how we need “ to build a wall , we need to keep illegals out ” ; their opponents were hesitant to contradict him . “ I also believe we need a fence , ” said Sen. Marco Rubio ( Fla. ) , who , like Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker , has abandoned earlier support for comprehensive reform .
The autopsy called for the GOP to “ be conscious of developing a forward-leaning vision for voting Republican that appeals to women. ” It advised that unless the party is welcoming , “ we will limit our ability to attract young people and others , including many women . ”
And how did that work out on Thursday ?
Kelly asked Walker why they objected to a provision in an abortion law they signed that made an exception for the mother 's life . “ Would you really let a mother die rather than have an abortion ? ” they asked , noting that 83 percent of Americans feel otherwise .
Walker replied that “ there are many other alternatives that can also protect the life of that mother . ”
Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee suggested that they would defy the Supreme Court 's Roe v. Wade decision and block abortions . Lousiana Gov . Bobby Jindal said they would sic the IRS on Planned Parenthood . And when Kelly asserted that Rubio favored a rape and incest exception , Rubio replied : “ I have never advocated that . ”
The autopsy called for more sensitivity on gay rights , saying that “ If our Party is not welcoming and inclusive , young people and increasingly other voters will continue to tune us out . ”
Thursday ? Former senator Rick Santorum ( Pa. ) , in the first of the two debates , said the Supreme Court 's same-sex marriage ruling is not settled law “ any more than Dred Scott was settled law to Abraham Lincoln . ”
And Huckabee opposed the idea of transgender Americans serving in the military . “ The military is not a social experiment , ” they said .
Kasich , more than the others , tried to be inclusive , noting that they had attended a gay friend 's wedding . “ Because somebody does n't think the way I do , does n't mean that I ca n't care about them or ca n't love them , ” they said .
Kasich , the home-state governor , was well received . But can a message of respect prevail ? Retired surgeon Ben Carson got applause Thursday for alleging that Hillary Clinton is “ trying to destroy this country . ”
Trump themselves may have diagnosed the party 's problem best : “ We do n't have time for tone . ”
Twitter : @ Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank 's archive , follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook .
BidWeek , Reporting From Toronto , Canada – IOC President Thomas Bach made a monumental announcement Friday , one that could forever be referred to as a pivotal point of the Olympic Movement – and a remarkable thing happened .
Nothing .
“ The IOC Executive Board has today unanimously approved the recommendation of the Working Group to award the Olympic Games 2024 and 2028 at the same time , ” Bach said at a press conference following an Executive Board meeting where the issue was discussed .
A double-allocation of the Summer Games has not occurred in a hundred years , and this one could happen at a moment in Olympic history where the concept of hosting an Olympic game has become toxic , and is typically rejected by most capable Western democracies due to costs and risks that have burdened recent hosts .
But the announcement was not a surprise . In fact , it was widely anticipated , and the absence of such announcement would have been far more astonishing . And , though the Executive Board has approved the concept , the idea needs to be vetted and approved by the IOC membership at a newly called ‘ extraordinary ' session to be held one month hence – beginning July 11 in Lausanne . Expect approval to be rubber-stamped .
Why then , were there no celebrations or fireworks in Los Angeles or Paris – nothing , in fact , that is typical when a city learns it will be hosting the Olympic Games ? Both cities will likely be guaranteed of the fact that they will have the opportunity to host in either 2024 or 2028 ( of course , exact year to be determined ) – that is not a trivial result for either city , or nation .
For France – Paris bid , and was defeated in campaigns for the 1992 , 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games . The latest was a bitter loss to rival London after the French Capital had been odds-on favourite through the entire race only to be defeated by London with a narrow 54-50 margin . It has been a long road for the City of Light since it last hosted the Games in 2024 .
For the United States , a third Games hosted by Los Angeles would also be a significant and hard-earned reward . Since Atlanta hosted in 1996 , the U.S has bid for Summer Games in New York in 2012 and Chicago in 2016 – both times soundly defeated by three other cities – for Chicago that amounted to a last place finish . The United States Olympic Committee ( USOC ) officials sensed resentment of an unbalanced revenue sharing agreement with the IOC and a poor overall relationship with the members , leading to poor bid support . Since then , the USOC has renegotiated the agreement and rebuilt its entire organization with a goal to host the Summer Games for the first time in the twenty-first century .
Friday 's announcement by Bach confirmed for the first time that the USOC strategy was a success .
So again , why no victory lap by the two cities who can be assured of hosting another Olympic Games ?
That 's due to the other ‘ nothing ' that happened . Besides what we already knew , Bach told us nothing more about how the IOC plans to allocate the next two Games – and perhaps even less . And that 's typical for a Bach press conference .
Announcing that the IOC wants to leverage the “ Golden Opportunity ” to sign up “ two such great cities and such great countries ” for the next two Games is easy , but building a plan that will allocate the sequence of those Games – i.e . which city gets to go first – that 's hard . And we were given no indication of how the plan would proceed . It 's possible the only reason the Executive Board spoke publicly last week about the double-allocation was that it needed to give members advance notice of at least thirty days to turn next month 's scheduled 2024 candidate city briefing into a full ‘ extraordinary ' Session to vote on the proposal .
What Bach has planned for determining the sequencing of the Games was likely laid bare in the Executive Board meeting , yet to the press they deflected question-after-question from reporters asking for the mechanics of the plan . Bach said details would be worked out only after the membership , needing only a simple majority , is expected to approve the plan in July .
Bach assured the press that the “ working group , ” the four IOC Vice President 's assigned to investigate the double-award and other bid reforms , were continuing their work on these details . However , it 's impossible to imagine that the group – having already worked for a few months – have yet to arrive at other conclusions .
Bach 's posturing , and rhetoric coming from the two bids involved clearly show that there is a lot of activity already happening behind-the-scenes .
First , Paris 2024 Co-Chair Tony Estanguet has continually , and vehemently emphasized that only a 2024 Games is acceptable for their bid and that 2028 is not an option due to land unavailability for the Olympic Village the latter year . But Bach said Friday “ Both cities are open to being approached by the IOC after such a vote [ for 2024 host city ] and to discuss how to achieve a win-win-win situation . This is what I am gathering from our conversations . ”
Or is Bach just laying out the rules as they expect them to be down the road , ensuring that the optics show the IOC has selected the hosting order and not that it was maneuvered into doing so by the tactics of the bid cities ?
Second , LA Mayor Eric Garcetti has openly discussed their desire to be compensated for accepting 2028 instead of the desired 2024 edition of the Games . He 's looking for a multi-million dollar package of funding for youth sports in the city to begin immediately .
But , in what was perhaps an opening salvo to a future negotiation with the Mayor , Bach rebuffed the notion of compensation explaining “ The [ 2028 ] city would get the right to host the Olympic Games without risk of a defeat in an election procedure . ”
They said that the 2028 host would be held in higher regard because of the challenges organizing the Games many more years out .
“ You do n't need to reward somebody if you give them a present , ” they added .
The Games as a gift to the host city ? Ouch ! Instead of a step forward , that sounds like a step back into the days before Agenda 2020 , before the bids were to be a collaborative process . And even before seven of the past 11 candidate cities dropped out of the race because they believed that gift to be a Trojan Horse .
So the posturing by Bach has begun , and they clearly want the upper-hand in laying the groundwork of their Presidential legacy from the final two Summer Games of their tenure .
And he 's doing it with the transparency of lead .
Bach illustrated their talent for creating answers that do n't really connect to the questions when they awkwardly elaborated on a German bird metaphor that is akin to the English “ a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. ” They used it to describe why selecting a 2028 host now was worth angering other cities that had been developing plans to bid for those Games .
It was a great move , on their part , that had reporters spending time trying to understand the metaphor – and in some cases Tweeting about it – distracting them from the lack of real substance to their comments .
It seems all but certain that Paris will host in 2024 and Los Angeles will become the Games site in 2028 , but celebrations in those cities remain on hold at the moment because there is still much work to be done and negotiations to be had .
Bach : better to have small bird in hand than a big bird on roof . Now we have 2 big birds in hand ( LA & Paris ) and I ca n't see any on roof — Philip Hersh ( @ olyphil ) June 9 , 2017
Maybe Bach was foreshadowing when they wrapped up the press conference Friday that despite the lack of details that day , there will be lots to report soon .
They joked with the assembled media at the Olympic Museum in Lausanne “ If you continue like this you can start renting an apartment here in Lausanne , no need to travel back-and-forth anymore . ”
Indeed , that would give them closer control of the press , too .
NORTH Melbourne legend Glenn Archer says the Roos must hand schoolboy wrecking ball Kayne Turner a finals debut despite the return this week of five senior players .
The 75kg tackling machine is the youngest player in the AFL — eligible to play this year by just six hours — but has thrilled coaches in their three AFL games .
‘ G NO PROBLEMS FOR KANGAS : PETRIE
The Wodonga 18-year-old has kicked seven goals in the past three weeks , gaining a reputation as one of the hardest players on the list despite arriving last year a rookie weighing just 67kg .
Against Essendon the Roos on Saturday night can welcome back Todd Goldstein , Michael Firrito , Lindsay Thomas , Luke McDonald and Levi Greenwood , but Archer says it ca n't be at the expense of the Maribyrnong College VCE student .
“ He 's going to be very hard to leave out — I ca n't see how they leave them out , '' Archer told the Herald Sun .
“ You do n't see many kids come in at that age and play with such ferocity and be able to finish as well ; they kicked four goals on the weekend .
“ He 's adding something to the side and hopefully they can do it again . If they can keep attacking the ball like that , he 's going to be a great player for us for a long time . ”
Turner only played nine TAC Cup games late last season as well as some Ovens and Murray senior footy for Wodonga but their fearless attack on the footy saw the Roos pluck them at pick 25 in the rookie draft .
Roos coach Brad Scott paid the 180cm flanker the ultimate compliment this year , stating : “ His attack on the footy , and I mean this when I say it , is second to none . ”
Collingwood 's Renee Kink famously replaced dumped forward Peter McKenna for a final in 1973 when still only 16 .
Geelong schoolboy Ken Newland was only 16 when they played their first final in 1965 for the Cats .
Dustin Fletcher famously played in Essendon 's 1993 premiership side while a student at Penleigh and Essendon Grammar .
Turner 's Murray Bushrangers coach Darren Ogier said yesterday Turner had come from nowhere to make the grade at AFL level .
“ Pound for pound he 's ridiculous ( with their attack on the footy ) . They just keeps stepping up a gear , ” Ogier said .
“ The way they attack it they have absolutely no fear and they just attacks with intent and then keeps going .
“ His resilience is crazy for a boy of that size . I would never give advice to Brad but all I can say is they continued to step up with us when they needed to . They played in the finals and did a super job for us . ”
The Roos take on Essendon in a final for the first time since losing the 2000 qualifying final by 125 points .
Archer said yesterday there was no love lost between the two rivals who took part in the Marshmellow Wars of the 1990s .
“ Anyone who has played at North or barracked for North , there is one team in the competition you do hate , ” they said .
“ ( They are in the ) next suburb , they have a lot more money than us and we felt in the 1990s they always felt they were better than us so we looked forward to playing them every time , and I do n't think it 's changed that much . ”
Because of its chaotic streets , India will be the last place on Earth Uber intendeds to bring its self-driving cars , joked CEO Travis Kalanick in an interview with Indian television station NDTV .
`` There 's going to have to be major , major advances in AI to navigate the streets of India , '' Kalanick said in an interview , explaining long lead time of replacing taxi drivers with self-driving cars .
But not every company is so reluctant .
Indian automotive technology and design firm Tata Elxsi is seeking permission from the government to test autonomous vehicles on public roads in Bangalore . The supplier has retrofitted two Tata vehicles with Lidar , ultrasonic sensors , radars , cameras , vehicle-to-everything technology , and artificial intelligence platform , and has already been testing the vehicles on the outskirts of Karnataka 's capital—home to many technology companies ' Indian headquarters .
Navigating India 's often unmarked streets , loosely observed traffic laws , and free-range mammals would be the ultimate stress test for any autonomous vehicle company—even Google has expressed skepticism over introducing the technology to the traffic-challenged country .
`` I do n't think for a country like India you are gon na see , as Travis said , completely automated cars . But just like technology assisting humans , we make cars over time so that they are safer , the driving experience is comfortable , and people 's quality of life improves and overall society improves because the cars are shared better , '' said Google CEO Sundar Pichai .
But just because Silicon Valley technology giants are n't yet interested in the challenge , does n't mean that others are n't interested .
Like many automotive suppliers , Tata Elixis is currently exploring many advanced driver assistance systems ( ADAS ) , and recently showcased a range of its products at the 2017 CES , including Autonomai -- Tata Elxsi 's autonomous vehicle middleware platform .
Source : Business Standard
By Thomas Sowell - February 1 , 2011
Despite the old saying , `` Do n't cry over spilled milk , '' the Environmental Protection Agency is doing just that .
We all understand why the Environmental Protection Agency was given the power to issue regulations to guard against oil spills , such as that of the Exxon Valdez in Alaska or the more recent BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . But not everyone understands that any power given to any bureaucracy for any purpose can be stretched far beyond that purpose .
In a classic example of this process , the EPA has decided that , since milk contains oil , it has the authority to force farmers to comply with new regulations to file `` emergency management '' plans to show how they will cope with spilled milk , how farmers will train `` first responders '' and build `` containment facilities '' if there is a flood of spilled milk .
Since there is no free lunch , all of this is going to cost the farmers both money and time that could be going into farming -- and is likely to end up costing consumers higher prices for farm products .
It is going to cost the taxpayers money as well , since the EPA is going to have to hire people to inspect farms , inspect farmers ' reports and prosecute farmers who do n't jump through all the right hoops in the right order . All of this will be `` creating jobs , '' even if the tax money removed from the private sector correspondingly reduces the jobs that can be created there .
Does anyone seriously believe that any farmer is going to spill enough milk to compare with the Exxon Valdez oil spill or the BP oil spill ?
Do you envision people fleeing their homes , as a flood of milk comes pouring down the mountainside , threatening to wipe out the village below ?
It does n't matter . Once the words are in the law , it makes no difference what the realities are . The bureaucracy has every incentive to stretch the meaning of those words , in order to expand its empire .
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has expanded its definition of `` discrimination '' to include things that no one thought was discrimination when the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was passed . The Federal Communications Commission is trying to expand its jurisdiction to cover things that were never included in its jurisdiction , and that have no relationship to the reason why the FCC was created in the first place .
Yet the ever-expanding bureaucratic state has its defenders in the mainstream media . When President Obama recently mentioned the possibility of reducing burdensome regulations -- as part of their moving of their rhetoric toward the political center , even if their policies do n't move -- there was an immediate reaction in a New York Times article defending government regulations .
Under a headline that said , `` Obama May Find Useless Regulations Are Scarcer Than Thought , '' the Times writers declared that there were few , if any , `` useless '' regulations . But is that the relevant criterion ?
Is there any individual or business willing to spend money on everything that is not absolutely useless ? There are thousands of useful things out there that any given individual or business would not spend their money on .
When I had young children , I often thought it would be useful to have a set of the Encyclopedia Britannica for them . But I never bought one . Why ? Because there were other little things to spend money on , like food , clothing and shelter .
By the time I could afford to buy a set of the Encyclopedia Britannica , the kids were grown and gone . But at no time did I consider the Encyclopedia Britannica `` useless . ''
Weighing benefits against costs is the way most people make decisions -- and the way most businesses make decisions , if they want to stay in business . Only in government is any benefit , however small , considered to be worth any cost , however large .
No doubt the Environmental Protection Agency 's costly new regulations may somewhere , somehow , prevent spilled milk from pouring out into some street and looking unsightly . So the regulations are not literally `` useless . ''
What is useless is making that the criterion .
Hey there everyone , I have been saving this picture for a while now hoping I 'd have some time to create a few more shots that would match this one in some kind of series . I 've not been able to really land the idea in a result I 'm happy with . I will keep trying of course but since I am moving soon I figured I would post it already.It is one of those pictures that grew somewhat organically . I worked out where everything was supposed to go as I was looking through the lens and making everything match and work out . Those are the most fun to do because you can really make something great step by step.This picture also features several of the yeomen I 've been working on and that are now almost finished.I named it : Cold SteelThis is one of my absolute favorites so far . Together with Be Without Fear and Lionheart .
How do you solve the problem of professional concert photographers snapping unflattering photos of you during your live shows ? One way is to ban them completely , and that 's exactly what Beyonce is doing with their latest concert tour . Policies like theirs may be growing in popularity among artists who want to control their image , but the policy is still causing quite a hoopla .
The whole thing started earlier this year at the Super Bowl , where Beyonce was the highlight of the halftime show . After the performance , a number of unflattering photographs snapped during the show were distributed through newswires .
Here 's one of the shots , captured by Ezra Shaw of Getty Images :
Those photographs were quickly picked up by pranksters around the web and turned into a viral photo meme in which Beyonce is featured as a “ She Hulk ” :
Beyonce 's publicist , a woman named Yvette Noel-Schure , began sending out takedown notices to websites sharing the viral photographs . This only added fuel to the flames ( AKA the Streisand Effect ) , causing the photographs to go even more viral .
After this incident , it appears that Beyonce ( and their publicist ) has had enough . The singer is now strictly controlling how photographs are captured during their new concert tour , “ The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour , ” which will run through Europe and the Americas .
No , it 's not a “ rights grab ” like other artists have tried to do ( in which photographers ' copyrights are signed over to the musicians after the show ) , but rather a complete ban on professional photographers .
The Facebook page Music Photographers got its hands on a copy of the contract being distributed , and shared this screenshot :
There are no photo credentials for this show . Local news outlets , including print and online will be given a link to download photos from every show . They will need to register to access the photos .
Pay a visit to the Photoshelter gallery linked in the agreement , and you 'll find a small gallery of pre-approved photographs .
Noam Galai of Fstoppers writes that this policy may actually backfire on Beyonce and their publicist :
[ … ] we all know how media works – they will do anything possible to get images that other publications do n't have . If they ca n't send a photographer to give them original photos , the next best thing they can do is buy photos from fans in the front rows in the arena ( cameras were not allowed , but no one can take away phones ) . It 's the next best thing for them , and a huge nightmare for Beyoncé and their publicist .
If you 're a publication looking to cover a Beyonce concert being held near you , using the squeaky-clean pre-approved photos or licensing images from fans might be what you 're limited to . If you 're a concert goer , you might want to think about getting close and snapping some clear shots of Beyonce — you might find it much easier to sell the photos than ever before !
Some of the world 's best secrets are hidden in plain view for centuries . So it is with a simple Chinese method for clarifying the mind and finding freedom , called The Secret of the Golden Flower .
This ancient Taoist text on inner alchemy teaches a single magic trick—getting in tune with the universe .
Lü Dongbin , a sage is said to have first shared this knowledge in the 9th century , according to Chinese lore . It was not their secret , however . The text is now thought to be a compilation of wisdom , transcribed around 1100 , and published in the late 17th century .
In 1991 , Thomas Cleary provided the first English version of The Secret of the Golden Flower , derived directly from Chinese . They explain that the guide was originally designed for laypeople , not monks or nuns . It 's a cheatsheet , a hyper-efficient primer on becoming hangup-free , describing one simple practice that can be refined over time .
“ It is a process of getting right to the root source of awareness itself , ” Cleary writes . “ The aim of this exercise is to free the mind from arbitrary fixation on its own contents . With this liberation , Taoists say , the conscious individual becomes a partner of creation rather than a prisoner of creation . ”
According to The Secret , “ The conscious mind is like a violent general of a strong fiefdom controlling things from a distance , until the sword is turned around. ” The book teaches how to become a peaceful general . This is done with insight—the blossoming of the golden flower—which can only occur when awareness is cultivated .
The secret is this : Turn the light around .
In other words , become aware . Cultivating awareness—turning the light around—begins the blossoming of the golden flower in the sky . In this case , the sky is the mind , and the flower is the light of insight . Once lit , awareness extends—the flower blooms—and the mind opens wide like the sky . We see thoughts as clouds—fleeting , formless , and moods become recognizable as passing internal weather . In understanding this , we become flexible and free .
The guide states : “ The light is neither inside nor outside the self . Mountains , rivers , sun , moon , and the whole earth are all this light… All the operations of intelligence , knowledge , and wisdom are also this light . The light of heaven and earth fills the universe ; the light of one individual also naturally extends through the heavens and covers the earth . Therefore once you turn the light around , everything in the world is turned around . ”
Turning the light around is just observing internal weather , being a mood meteorologist . When you feel irritation , frustration , anger , or after you 've already raged , look at the sky , your mind , and realize it 's just a passing storm . You 've turned the light around . Already you 're less trapped by emotion and more apt to respond appropriately .
The same goes for good feelings . The open sky of awareness is even and unattached , not overly moved by good or bad . Turning the light around when excited is just practice . It does n't mean feeling bad , but rather understanding that good moods too shall pass . Cleary says this practice “ opens up an endless source of intuition , creativity , and inspiration . ”
It requires no philosophical or religious position , no paraphernalia or ritual , and is just part of daily life . “ It is near at hand , being in the mind itself , yet it involves no imagery or thought . It is remote only in the sense that it is a use of attention generally unfamiliar to the mind habituated to imagination and thinking , ” they write .
Turning the light around is all that 's required . Still , the guide does recommend that to implement this—to plant the seed of the golden flower and tend to its blossoming—it 's best to sit alone and observe our thinking for an unspecified amount of time , preferably early in the morning , to become familiar with our inner workings . That way , as thoughts arise when we 're busy later , we remember the secret .
Do this for 100 days , and the golden flower of illumination is attainable , the book promises . Those who bloom ” wind up at the point where heaven is open , earth is broad , and all things are just as they are . ”
CNN said on Friday that it had cut ties with Reza Aslan , an Iranian-American scholar who was the host of the network 's weekly show “ Believer , ” after Mr. Aslan assailed President Trump in a series of vulgar messages on Twitter after the terrorist attack at London Bridge last weekend .
Mr. Aslan , whose program covered global religion and began this year , apologized after their tweets on Saturday , in which they described the president as “ an embarrassment to humankind ” and compared him , using profanity , to a piece of excrement .
Their remarks came as Mr. Trump , in messages posted on Twitter minutes after the attack , criticized London 's mayor , Sadiq Khan , and argued that the episode justified the president 's proposal to restrict travel to the United States by people from several predominantly Muslim countries .
“ CNN has decided to not move forward with production on the acquired series ‘ Believer with Reza Aslan , ' ” a spokesperson for the network said in a statement . “ We wish Reza and their production team all the best . ”
Though some people have no problem ( or , only few problems ) about using fcitx ( to be more specifically version 4 ) with wayland , but the truth is there are still lots of problems left to be addressed .
The truth is , wayland is not yet ready for input method .
Generic input method protocol is not widely adopted .
In the old good X11 world , there is a protocol call XIM . No matter how bad it is , it widely used and adopted by nearly all applications . But as for wayland 's protocol “ text-input ” , the current situation is :
– Gtk3 does n't support it .
– Qt5 support a not-upstreamed version 2 .
– EFL / weston support the official version in wayland-protocols .
– SDL2 does n't support it .
– Weston 's reference client side implementation has critical bug .
What does this mean ? This means even you 're using wayland + ( GNOME/KDE ) for now , you 're still using the old im module via DBus . The generic input method protocol is bad .
It is weird that in wayland world , key repetition is a task of client . But the problem is , it even becomes a work for input method . Fcitx 5 for now is the only implementation handles key-repetition correctly . But I do n't even care about this because I do n't even have a real application to test this feature . ( You need a patched version for weston-editor to play with it ) .Also , the wayland input context will be destroyed once it gets unfocused , which makes it unable for input method server to track different window and keep different input state for different window ( e.g . different window + different im will need this feature ) . The window positioning issue .
In Wayland world , there 's no way for a non-compositor window to place the window by abstract coordinates ( x , y ) . Also there is no way for a non-compositor window to know about its own location . But for input method , you need to display a window at the position of cursor . The “ input-method ” protocol in wayland allows you to assign a surface as “ input panel ” , and the compositor will move it for you .
This means : when you 're using im module via dbus or typing in a Xwayland window with XIM , it ca n't make use of this feature . But you may say , under plasma wayland , or gnome-shell I did n't see any problem.This is because :
– GNOME shell is the compositor , it can do hacky things to move the input method window around and make use of compositor feature . Currently gnome-shell 's ibus extension and https : //github.com/wengxt/kimpanel-for-gnome-shell/ ( you can use it with fcitx ) use this method .
– For Plasma , the plasma shell window occupies the whole screen , which makes kimpanel able to locate its window freely with absolute coordinates.Except these two specific environment ( no , weston will not work ) , input method server will not be able to move the input method window freely . Keyboard layout management
This is somewhat less important for now , because of the issue listed above . Input method server ( fcitx or ibus ) are trying to manage keyboard layout , but there 's no common interface to do this .
Due to the issues above , I do not recommend to use wayland if you need input method . You can try it today , but you may find it working or not working . Also , these issues also largely extinguished my passion about working on wayland . Since for now there are still a lot of works going on with fcitx 5 and libime , my focus are mostly on them instead of making fcitx working on wayland .
But no need to give up too soon , as for the solution , It seems that KWin wants to run input method inside compositor process and this may solve a large portion of problem listed above , because : 1. kwin is compositor , it knows everything about a window , 2. kwin on wayland will control keyboard layout , 3. no “ input-method ” protocol is needed . Fcitx 5 also contains work to make fcitx run as a library more easily .
Right now my work replacing fcitx 4 's pinyin and table with libime is near completion . Let 's see how it goes from here .
A suitcase containing “ dismembered body parts of a human being , ” was found outside the Twitter headquarters in San Francisco on Wednesday , police say .
The horrific discovery was made when officers responded to a call of a suspicious package just after 4 p.m. , according to the San Francisco Chronicle .
Police found a roller-type suitcase that had been left next to a pile of garbage at the corner of 11th and Market Streets , police spokesperson Grace Gatpandan said .
The body was so mutilated that cops had to call in a medical examiner to determine if the remains were human or animal , USA Today reports .
“ Investigators are still searching to determine if there are any other body parts in the area , ” Gatpandan said Wednesday evening . “ This was an extremely gruesome crime scene . ”
It is unclear if the body parts came from one person or several , police say . Authorities are seeking a person of interest in the case but declined to comment further , Reuters reports .
Dennis Allen may not be ruling Darren McFadden out for Sunday 's game but the walking boot they are wearing pretty much ends and discussion there . The same goes for Mike Goodson who was also sporting a walking boot .
McFadden suffered what is being called a high ankle sprain in Sunday 's game versus the Buccaneers . X-rays and an MRI have come up negative but we have heard this story before with regard to McFadden 's wheels .
They went out with a Lis Franc injury last season and test results were negative then too . They were out the final ten games of the season . So much for that .
Mike Goodson also has a high ankle sprain . They too have not been ruled out for this Sunday 's game but there is really no chance they play . High ankle sprains can keep players out for a very long time . For instance , Shawntae Spencer went out with a sprained foot in week two and they have yet to return . That 's two months ... so far .
The walking boot development only further raises the unlikelihood that we see McFadden take the field anytime soon .
If our Clojure implementation looked as above and performed this much worse than the optimal Java implementation there would n't be much point to Clojure for this specific use case . We could just implement the JavaBeans as Java classes and include them in our Clojure project .
Macros are perfect for eliminating the verbosity of gen-class . With an appropriate macro we only need to specify the name of the JavaBean , its fields , and their types . The macro will take care of generating all the required constructors , state , setters and getters .
We can also reduce the size and improve the performance of our JavaBeans by changing the way we deal with state . Instead of a single array of objects as the state , we 'll use an object array where each element is an array of a primitive type , or an object . Non-primitive fields will be stored in the object array while primitive fields are stored in arrays of their primitive types .
The full WikipediaEditEvent has 13 fields , so it would be very tedious to write out all the required accessors . Using a macro it 's easy , which brings us back to clj-bean and its ( currently ) sole purpose , the defbean macro . This is what the full definition of a Wikipedia edit event looks like :
( defbean WikipediaEditEvent [ [ long timestamp ] [ String channel ] [ String title ] [ String diffUrl ] [ String user ] [ long byteDiff ] [ String summary ] [ boolean minor ] [ boolean new ] [ boolean unpatrolled ] [ boolean botEdit ] [ boolean special ] [ boolean talk ] ] )
You can find clj-bean on GitHub . There are good tutorials out there for learning how to write macros . If you are new to macros and want to understand clj-bean you may want to go through a macro tutorial and look at the tests before moving on to the implementation .
The beauty of macros is that you as a user of them only need to understand what they do , as explained in this post , and not necessarily how they do it with all the strange quoting rules and code generation under the hood - as long as they work without any issues , anyway .
Physicists at JILA have made their `` quantum crystal '' of ultracold molecules more valuable than ever by packing about five times more molecules into it . The denser crystal will help scientists unlock the secrets of magnets and other , more exotic materials .
The crystal is actually a gas of particles trapped in 3-D formation by laser beams . The trap , called an optical lattice , has wells—local regions of low energy—like an egg carton made of light . The researchers maneuvered a single molecule into each well , successfully filling about 25 percent of the crystal . The structure has an advantage over a real crystal , as it is made of scientifically interesting molecules that normally would not crystallize .
JILA is operated jointly by the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) and the University of Colorado Boulder.Described in the Nov. 6 , 2015 , issue of Science , * the JILA crystal is useful for studying correlations among the molecules ' `` spins , '' or rotations , a quantum behavior related to magnetism . The denser crystal will enable scientists to study and model complex effects such as how spin correlations or entanglement—a quantum link between the properties of separated particles—spread through a large system . Scientists might use these effects , for example , to make novel materials for electronics or other applications .
`` The density in the crystal is now high enough to introduce long-range order , so the molecules behave as an interconnected system instead of just a collection of isolated particles , '' JILA/NIST Fellow Jun Ye says . `` The molecules are close enough to each other for their spins to migrate and relocate to other molecules , allowing us to investigate quantum connections of many particles that may lead to new materials . ''
Each molecule consists of one potassium atom bonded to one rubidium atom . The molecules are polar , with a positive electric charge on rubidium and a negative charge on potassium . This feature means the molecules can be controlled with electric fields and can interact strongly , even when far apart .
`` Because our molecules are polar , neighboring molecules in the lattice will interact with each other , '' JILA/NIST Fellow Deborah Jin says . `` When each molecule has multiple neighbors to talk to , these interactions become much more important and affect the entire crystal . ''
Building the quantum crystal was something of a tour de force in atomic manipulation . While researchers can create a crystal from one atomic gas relatively easily , combining two different atomic gases was difficult . But this was necessary to arrange for the two different atoms to form a molecule . The recipe required a small cloud of rubidium atoms , a class of particles that like to act in unison , and a large cloud of potassium atoms , which tend to be more independent .
The JILA team loaded the optical lattice by overlapping the two clouds to match their densities and energy levels in the intersection so that one of each type of atom tended to accumulate in each well . Researchers then used magnetic fields and lasers to fuse the atom pairs into molecules with the lowest possible vibrational and rotational energy . Remaining stray atoms were flushed out of the trap .
JILA scientists first created ultracold molecules in 2008 and several years ago formed the first molecular crystal , in which the molecules swapped spins . To reduce chemical reactions and extend molecule lifetimes , researchers made the trap wells deeper . Now they 've achieved their next goal of filling enough wells to unify the crystal as a system , opening the door for intriguing new quantum phenomena .
The research was funded by NIST , the Air Force Office of Scientific Research , Army Research Office and National Science Foundation .
As a non-regulatory agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce , NIST promotes U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science , standards and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve our quality of life . To learn more about NIST , visit www.nist.gov .
* S.A. Moses , J.P . Covey , M.T . Miecnikowski , B.Yan , B. Gadway , J. Ye and D.S . Jin . Creation of a low-entropy quantum gas of polar molecules in an optical lattice . Science . Nov. 6 .
An English professor who told their students that Republicans want to shut down colleges apologized Tuesday after a recording of the lecture was posted on the conservative website Campus Reform .
Brent Terry , adjunct professor at Eastern Connecticut State University , said in a statement that during their Monday creative writing class , “ I allowed my own political opinions to color the discussion . ”
“ I regret the language I used and I apologize to any students in the room who were offended , ” they said in the statement .
During their lecture , Mr. Terry warned students that if Republicans win House and Senate majorities in 2014 , colleges will start “ closing up . ”
“ It 's absolutely possible that the Republicans will take over the Senate as well as the House . And we will live in a very , very , very different kind of country if that happens . I mean , colleges will start closing up if they , if these people have their way , ” said Mr. Terry .
They said that “ … racist , misogynist , money-grubbing people have so much power over the rest of us . And want things to go back—not to 1955 , but to 1855 . ”
“ There are a lot of people out there that do not want black people to vote , do not want Latinos to vote . Do not want old people to vote , or young people to vote . Because generally , people like you are liberal , ” said Mr. Terry .
A university spokesperson initially responded to Campus Reform by defending Mr. Terry , saying , “ Our faculty has academic freedom to conduct their classes in whatever way they choose , this is not a university matter , ” but on Tuesday released the professor 's apology .
“ As a liberal arts university , Eastern is known for encouraging debate and discussion about a host of social and political issues , ” said Mr. Terry . “ My role in my own classroom is to keep the debate lively yet respectful . I did not meet that standard yesterday , and for that I am truly sorry . ”
The student who recorded the lecture wishes to remain anonymous , according to Campus Reform .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
The Town & Country is back at home and , frankly — no pun intended — I 'm exhausted .
As I had been warned , the necessary tests required an overnight stay for the van at the research facility and the two trips there and back sapped a lot of my energy . I was at the mercy of my iPhone 's navigation app — UConnect 's navigation , of course , does n't work in Japan — that led pell-mell all over the damn countryside without any real idea of where I was at any given moment . To make matters worse , when I was n't behind the wheel , there was an equally confusing three-hour train ride to deal with .
Once upon a time , I might have considered this a grand adventure . Right now , I 'm just tired and in need of a beer .
To those of you following along at home , the process has taken just a few minutes of your time and a minimum of mental energy over the past couple of days . For me , however , it was the culmination of almost three weeks of preparation . The photo below is a graphic example of what I have been through . Take a moment to gaze in wonder .
To be sure , that is a lot of paperwork , but — because I know some of you can read Japanese — I must say that not everything shown is directly related to the emission and noise testing the vehicle has just completed . Still , every slip shown was required , in some way or another , to get it to this point in the process .
Among the forms is a customs import certificate ( stamped and approved ) , the paperwork issued by the city hall in order to obtain the temporary plates ( which have a validity of just five days and so must be constantly renewed in person ) , two separate application forms for the emissions and noise testing ( only one of which required extensive research ) , the slip from the local scrap metal yard where I took the van to be weighed , and 352,000 yen ( ~ $ 2,900 USD ) — most of which got handed over at the testing facility .
Not shown are all the insurance forms I had to fill out , but insurance is a hassle everywhere so that 's no surprise to anyone .
A week prior to the appointment , I faxed all the pertinent documentation to a laboratory ran by the Japanese Automobile Technology Association ( JATA ) and , a few days later , received a call from their agent .
The good news is that the call went well and I was pleasantly surprised to discover that JATA was quite helpful . The agent spent about 30 minutes with me explaining the process , talking about various issues and assuring me that any information I had left blank on the applications could be completed by the technicians after I arrived .
The call helped to ease my nerves and I felt quite confident as I made the two and a half hour drive to the facility . I arrived a little before my appointment and had a pleasant conversation with the agent before I turned over my keys to the technicians . Then , to my surprise , instead of being dismissed or shuffled off to a waiting room while the testing took place , I was led to the testing bay where I was given a folding chair and allowed to watch the entire process . All told , it took about an hour and a half .
First , the van was put on a lift and its exhaust was inspected to insure that it had not been tampered with . Then it was moved to another bay where it was chained down and put on rollers . After making some plumbing and wiring connections and positioning a powerful fan in front of the vehicle , the technicians started the engine and put the van through its paces .
It was interesting to watch at first but the wait soon became dull . The technicians ran the car and then stopped for a while . Then they ran it again at a different speed and so on and so on until it became so monotonous that I could no longer feign any interest at all .
After about an hour , I spoke with the agent and asked to leave but they told me that JATA required the owners to stay for the first day of testing because some cars fail and there is no point in holding them over for the second day . If that was the case , I would be given my keys and told to drive it home . The good news is that the Town & Country passed its first day 's test , with the technician telling me that most late model American and European cars pass without much trouble . When they were finally done for the day , the technicians secured the van in a locked storage bay and I went home by train .
The next morning I arrived after an almost three-hour train ride at about 11:00 a.m. Fortunately , JATA 's technicians did the second round of tests , measuring cold-start emissions , prior to my arrival , and all I needed to do was collect the paperwork . After getting my certificate of approval and admiring a brand new Euro-Spec Porsche in the lot ( I was asked not to publish any photos of it lest the extremely rich and powerful owner become annoyed ) , I was then sent across town to the parking lot of a shuttered amusement park for the noise test .
To my eyes , the scene I found upon my arrival looked more like Doc Brown 's experiment from “ Back to the Future ” than a modern day noise test , but the technicians at work soon convinced me that they were serious researchers in their own right .
After affixing several sensors to the vehicle , one of the techs jumped into the driver 's seat and took a few hot laps around the parking lot . ‘ Round and 'round they went , driving it harder than I usually do and jumping on the accelerator every time they ran past a series of measuring devices they had set up . After 15 minutes of this , they returned my van , gave me a thumbs up and told me that my official approval would arrive by special courier sometime tomorrow .
So , that 's it in a nutshell . The Town & Country passed and , once I get my noise test results , I can take it up to the licensing bureau in Yokohama to submit my next round of papers for review prior to mailing off thousands more hard-earned dollars to an agency that covers the cost of car recycling . Once they send me a receipt , then I can go back up to Yokohama and actually bolt on the plates . Then there is a safety inspection , but not the full Shaken , and a few other gates I have to pass through before I am officially legal . I 'll cover these and whatever else pops up in subsequent articles as the process continues .
All totaled , this week 's testing cost me a whopping 328,320 yen , or just over $ 2,700 USD . Add in $ 35 for tolls , $ 22 for round trip train tickets , $ 6 for a taxi and $ 6 for temporary plates and you can see that the adventure of the past two days has cost a considerable sum . Of course , I had been warned prior to sending the van that these costs would be incurred and , although I came prepared to pay it , the truth is that prior to actually going through the process , I was a little bitter about it .
Like a lot of Americans , I thought the inspection process was a boondoggle and was intended to keep foreign cars out . My experience , however , has changed my opinion .
Although the experience was expensive , I received excellent , personal service from everyone involved and was surprised to find that entire teams of professionals spent hours working on my case . In addition to the agent who assisted me over the phone and who walked me through the process at the testing center , there were at least four technicians on each of the two teams that tested my vehicle . Add to that the cost of the facility and the testing equipment and I can understand why it costs so much . That , in turn , makes me feel like I received some value for my money and perhaps it was n't really a boondoggle after all .
Having completed the process , I can say that the rumors definitely overstated the difficulties I faced Although there probably are companies that would take my money to complete the registration process on my behalf , this first step was n't so difficult that I could n't figure it out myself .
So , does this sort of testing actively work to keep foreign cars out of Japan ? I would say , based on my experience , probably not . There are plenty of foreign cars on the streets here — they must have come from somewhere . All totaled , the testing only added about 10 percent to the purchase price of the Town & Ccountry when it was new . That 's a modest premium , I think . It would n't deter anyone serious about importing a car from actually doing so . Hopefully , as far as my own case is concerned , this proves to be a sound investment over the long term .
Thomas M. Kreutzer currently lives in Kanagawa , Japan with their wife and three children . They have spent most of their adult life overseas with more than nine years in Japan , two years in Jamaica and almost five years as a U.S . Merchant Mariner serving primarily in the Pacific . Although originally from Snohomish , WA , they have also lived in several places around the United States including Buffalo , NY and Leavenworth , KS . A long time auto and motorcycle enthusiast , Kreutzer has pursued their hobbies whenever possible . They also enjoy writing and public speaking where , according to their wife , their favorite subject is himself .
Being innovative and outrageously creative in drug smuggling schemes requires a lot of desperation and obviously a lot of brains . Conversely , evidently as creative as the list of such schemes is as below , they all still got caught . Nevertheless , they do deserve a cachet for coming up with such ingenious ideas . Continue reading for the list !
Chopping and slicing thinly sheets of cocaine to make it look just like Pringles and then putting them in a can of Pringles is definitely a pure desperate act of genius . In 2006 , Austin , Texas , police found about 168 grams of cocaine inside a can of Pringles . The cocaine was ingeniously made to look like the actual Pringles crisps . Talk about creativity !
We have all heard of religious statues being filled with drugs , but imagine a statue being made of plaster and drugs , and that to a statue of no ordinary bloke , but that of Jesus ! In 2008 , in Texas , the U.S. customs officials caught a woman at the border crossing in Laredo . They were carrying the 6.6 pound statue and trying to escape to Mexico . The creators of this specific statue were so creative with their craft , that they made the entire statue of the Christian Savior with illicit white powder , painted the statue and made it look extremely regal . They were actually hoping to sell it for $ 30 , 000 .
Constricted blood vessels , increased blood pressure , mental alertness and increased energy are just some of the cocaine effects that become apparent in the short term .
3 . Leg Cast
In March , 2009 , Spanish police arrested a man who had arrived at Barcelona airport from Chile after successfully formatting that the cast on their fractured leg was actually made of cocaine . The peculiar thing about this innovative way of smuggling drugs is that , the 66 year old Chilean man had a real fracture of two bones below the knee.However the police suspected that they or their accomplices may have actually fractured the leg intentionally , just so that the cocaine cast could be applied . The police seized 4.8 kilograms ( 10.5 lb ) of cocaine from a leg cast .
4 . Human Hair Extensions
In 2006 , Namibian authorities caught a 21 year old Angolan national at the HoseaKutako International Airport , in connection with an alleged plan of smuggling drugs into the country . The extremely creative aspect of this case of drug smuggling is that the suspect was attempting to use cocaine lightly spread over some 76 packets of human hair extensions .
5 . Stuffing of a Giant Squid with a Dash of Pepper
In 2004 , Peruvian police seized nearly 1,540 pounds ( 700 Kilograms ) of cocaine that was stuffed and hidden in a frozen giant squid , which was bound to go to Mexico and the United States . The much artistic fashion of smuggling drugs in this manner was not only filling a frozen giant squid with cocaine but further wrapping it up in pepper , so that in case they were caught , the sniffer dogs would be left off sneezing from the scene and diverts the officials . However , that did not happen and the police caught about seven suspects .
6 . Condoms Wrapped with Drugs Stuffed into Snakes
In 1993 , the Drug Enforcement Agents at Miami airport seized nearly 36 kilograms of cocaine wrapped in condoms and stuffed in Boa constrictors . The snakes had been imported from South America , and were still alive when they were found . There were over 312 snakes about 1.5 meters in length . The cocaine was actually found by mistake when one of the snakes appeared to have an abnormal bulge . The security officials X-rayed it to see what was inside and ultimately removed two condom wrapped pellets . No one was charged in relation to the case , as the officials were unable to find the people behind not only such a creative , baffling and a little perverted drug smuggling case .
7 . Baby s Diaper filled with Drugs
In June , 2009 , a 22 year old young mother was caught trying to smuggle amphetamines into a Rheinbach prison , by filling up their daughter 's diaper with the drugs . The police arrested the young woman and their 41 year old husband . The police found 15 grams of amphetamines and 46 pills in their 17month old daughter 's diaper . Upon further investigation , the police recovered 12 grams of amphetamines hidden in their clothing as well . Sure it was creative to smuggle drugs in a diaper , but into a federal prison ? How absurd could one get ?
8 . Hiding Drugs In Garden Gnomes
Seriously who would even think of looking for drugs in garden gnomes , but hats off for the granny who hid coke in their garden gnomes ? Yes ! The 52 year old woman was caught with in excess of nearly three kilograms of Charlie at the Auckland Airport in 2004 . The drug known to be the Peruvian Red Bull was secretly hidden inside four garden gnomes in a suitcase . Linda Martin , the accused , blamed that they had been hoodwinked by a Nigerian drug gang . After their trial , Justice John Priestly established that Martin was immature , but as they knew that they were dealing with drug trafficker , and also considering their cooperation with the customs and the police , their health problems and their obvious lack of previous convictions , they granted their imprisonment for eight and a half years .
9 . Drug Bugs
In 2007 , custom officials in Amsterdam found 100 dead beetles that had been stuffed with cocaine , while inspecting a package from Peru . The bugs contained a total of 300 grams of cocaine . The estimated street value of the drugs from bugs was about 8,000 Euros ( $ 11,270 ) . A government spokesperson said that they had never seen anything like that previously . Well obviously , they had not , there seems to be no end to such creative endeavors .
10 . Intoxicating Holy Water
In 2008 , a 50 year old man was arrested near the Niagara Falls after trying to illegally enter the United States from Canada . They claimed that they had bought a few religious items . While the man was being questioned by the US Custom officers and the Border Protection officials , a Customs dog sniffed out the drug that the man was carrying . Once laboratory tests came out , it was confirmed that the man was not carrying any religious items , namely Holy Water but they were bottles filled with Ketamine , which is an extremely powerful hallucinogenic used mostly as a date rape drug .
[ Source ]
Besides being the only band we can think of with their own line of Snuggies , Andrew Jackson Jihad is also the first band to dedicate a song to folk singer Linda Ronstadt—to our knowledge .
Taken from AJJ 's Christmas Island LP , “ Linda Ronstadt ” tells the story of losing one 's shit in a museum . It 's kept a mystery whether singer Sean Bonnette has lost their shit in the colloquial sense or the literal from a bad burrito in Scottsdale , AZ , but that 's a recurring theme throughout the band 's fifth album—it walks the line of silly and sober . In the case of “ Linda Ronstadt ” , the blind side of overwhelming emotion brings Bonnette nearly to their knees for reasons he 'd not been aware of internalizing . It occurs to him , as he 's taken by a video installation of Ronstadt , that “ ‘ I almost made it through a year of choking down my fears ” and it brings them to tears in public .
Christmas Island was recorded at Elmwood Studios in Dallas , TX and produced by John Congleton who 's worked with St. Vincent , Modest Mouse , and The Mountain Goats .
Sean Bonnette of AJJ had the following to say on the source material for “ Linda Ronstadt ” :
This is the most factually true song I have ever written . The events described took place in the summer of 2012 at the Musical Instrument Museum in Scottsdale , Arizona . Myself and a companion were disguised as chaperones for a high school field trip . Linda was singing mariachi , they cured my homesickness for quite a while after that . This one was Congleton 's favorite .
Andrew Jackson Jihad 's Christmas Island is out May 6 on Side One Dummy . For more on Christmas Island go here .
You can fly to the moon , but you still ca n't escape paperwork . Over the last week , astronaut Buzz Aldrin -- the second man to set foot on the moon in 1969 -- has been tweeting some of the mundane forms from their historic Apollo 11 journey .
Aldrin shared the below customs declaration form that he , Neil Armstrong and Michael Collins signed upon arriving in Honolulu following their Pacific splashdown . Like responsible travelers , they declared that they were bringing samples of `` moon rock '' and `` moon dust '' into the country .
Yes the # Apollo11 crew also signed customs forms . We brought back moon rocks & moon dust samples . Moon disease TBD . pic.twitter.com/r9Sn57DeoW — Buzz Aldrin ( @ TheRealBuzz ) August 2 , 2015
The flight number on the form dated July 24 , 1969 is listed as `` Apollo 11 '' and the flight routing is comically shown as Cape Kennedy to Honolulu via `` Moon . ''
Most ominously , in the section marked `` Any other condition on board which may lead to the spread of disease , '' the response was `` To be determined . ''
Earlier , Aldrin also shared their travel voucher from Apollo 11 . In case you 're wondering how much Buzz claimed in travel expenses for a trip to the moon -- they were reimbursed exactly $ 33.31 for their share of the trip , which looks to be for transportation to Cape Kennedy .
# TBT My mission director @ Buzzs_xtina 's favorite piece of my memorabilia . My travel voucher to the moon . # Apollo11pic.twitter.com/c89UyOfvgY — Buzz Aldrin ( @ TheRealBuzz ) July 30 , 2015
Too bad they are n't able to claim the mileage for that trip .
If Aldrin does come across any Apollo 11 receipts , they might want to consider auctioning them off . Judging by the over $ 9,000 that their 1966 space selfie from the Gemini 12 mission fetched recently -- which was about ten times more than expected -- there 's likely someone out there willing to put a price tag on any bit of moon minutiae .
The people of Ihumātao have resorted to occupying the land near Otuataua Stonefields with the establishment of a tent embassy in another attempt to end proposed residential development in the area .
People from Samoa and Tonga have come in full support of this tent occupation at Ihumātao .
“ There are people here like ourselves who are ahi kaa for this whenua who are willing to go to any lengths to protect it , ” says participant Pania Newton .
The Ihumātao tribe are set to lose 33 hectares of land to Fletcher Residential who want to build 500 homes on their traditional land .
“ I 'm agitated with the fact that we as Māori have to come out and continue to fight these struggles , ka whawhai tonu mātou , ” says Tepora Stephens of Tainui .
The proposed build is a part of the government 's response to the housing crisis .
Te Kāea contacted Fletchers today for a response but to no avail . However , the company has told media they will ensure 25 % of the land area is set aside to protect the environment .
“ What 's happening here can happen anywhere , ” says Stephens , “ It can happen in the heart of Auckland , it can happen in your backyard . ”
“ I 've sacrificed my job , ” says Newton , “ Coming out of law school it was quite competitive to get into a job and so being able to get into one and then leave it was a huge decision .
“ When I 've stopped any development happening here at Ihumātao I 'll probably have to get in again . ”
The cut-off date for purchase by Fletchers is December 13 , both the iwi and the company have until then to decide their next move .
Samuel Joseph Byck ( January 30 , 1930 – February 22 , 1974 ) was an American hijacker and attempted assassin . On February 22 , 1974 , they attempted to hijack a plane flying out of Baltimore/Washington International Airport , intending to crash into the White House in the hopes of killing President Richard Nixon . [ 1 ] During the incident , Byck killed a police officer and a pilot , was shot and wounded by another police officer , and finally committed suicide . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Early life [ edit ]
Born to poor Jewish parents in South Philadelphia , Byck dropped out of high school in the ninth grade in order to support their impoverished family . They enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1954 , was honorably discharged in 1956 , married shortly thereafter , and had four children .
In 1972 , Byck began to suffer from severe bouts of depression after their wife divorced them and after experiencing many job failures . Due to their depression , they admitted themselves to a psychiatric ward , where they stayed for two months . [ 4 ] Byck began to harbor the belief that the Nixon administration was conspiring to oppress the poor . [ 5 ]
Byck first came to the notice of the Secret Service in 1972 , when they threatened Nixon , [ 5 ] whom they had resented ever since the Small Business Administration had turned them down for a loan . [ 1 ] Byck also had sent tape recordings to various other public figures including scientist Jonas Salk , Senator Abraham Ribicoff of Connecticut , and composer Leonard Bernstein ; [ 6 ] and had tried to join the Black Panthers . However , the Secret Service considered Byck to be harmless , and no action was taken at that time . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Assassination attempt [ edit ]
In early 1974 , Byck made their decision to assassinate Nixon . They planned to do so by hijacking an airliner and crashing it into the White House on a day when Nixon would be there . It has been suggested ( for instance , by the 2004 film dramatization of their life ) that Byck was inspired by news reports of the buzzing of the White House by U.S. Army soldier Robert K. Preston in a stolen UH-1B Huey helicopter on February 17 . [ 7 ]
Since Byck was already known to the Secret Service and because legal attempts to purchase a firearm might have resulted in increased scrutiny , Byck stole a .22 caliber revolver from their friend to use in the hijacking . [ 1 ] Byck also made a bomb out of two gallon jugs of gasoline and an igniter . [ 8 ] All through this process , Byck made audio recordings explaining their motives and their plans ; they expected to be considered a hero for their actions and wanted to fully document their reasons for the assassination . [ 9 ]
On Friday morning , February 22 , Byck drove to the Baltimore/Washington International Airport . Shortly after 7:00 a.m. EST , they shot and killed Maryland Aviation Administration police officer George Neal Ramsburg [ 10 ] before storming a DC-9 , Delta Air Lines Flight 523 to Atlanta , which they chose because it was the closest flight that was ready to take off . [ 1 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] After pilots Reese ( Doug ) Loftin and Fred Jones told them they could not take off until wheel blocks were removed , they shot them both and grabbed a nearby passenger , ordering them to `` fly the plane '' . [ 11 ] Jones died as they were being removed from the aircraft after the event was concluded ; Loftin survived the attack . [ 2 ] [ 1 ] [ 11 ] Byck told a flight attendant to close the door , or they would blow up the plane . [ 4 ] Anne Arundel County police officers attempted to shoot out the tires of the aircraft to prevent it from taking off ; but the .38 caliber bullets fired from the Smith & Wesson revolvers issued to police officers at that time period failed to penetrate the tires of the aircraft and ricocheted off , some hitting the wing of the aircraft . [ 4 ]
After a standoff between Byck and police on the jetway , county police officer Charles Troyer stormed the plane and fired four shots through the aircraft door at Byck with a .357 Magnum revolver taken from the deceased Ramsburg . Two of the shots penetrated the thick window of the aircraft door and wounded Byck . Before the police could gain entry to the aircraft , Byck committed suicide by shooting themselves in the head . [ 4 ] [ 2 ]
According to a special on the History Channel , they lived for a few minutes after shooting himself , dying after saying `` help me '' to one of the police officers who entered the plane after they had been shot . [ 1 ] A briefcase containing the gasoline bomb was found under their body . [ 6 ] The plane never left the gate , and Nixon 's schedule was not affected by the assassination attempt . [ 4 ]
It was subsequently discovered that Byck had sent a tape recording detailing their plan , which they called `` Operation Pandora 's Box '' , [ 6 ] [ 5 ] [ 12 ] to news columnist Jack Anderson . [ 13 ] [ 6 ] [ 14 ] A review of records disclosed that Byck had been arrested twice for protesting in front of the White House without a permit , and that they later dressed in a Santa Claus suit for another protest . [ 4 ] [ 6 ] Loftin , the flight 's captain , recovered and resumed flying airliners several years later . [ 15 ]
In 1987 , an FAA document entitled `` Troubled Passage : The Federal Aviation Administration During the Nixon–Ford Term 1973–1977 '' was produced , which mentioned Byck 's failed hijacking : `` ... though Byck lacked the skill and self-control to reach their target , they had provided a chilling reminder of the potential of violence against civil aviation . Under a more relaxed security system , their suicidal rampage might have begun when the airliner was aloft . `` [ 12 ]
Legacy [ edit ]
After Byck 's failed assassination attempt and subsequent death , they faded into relative obscurity [ 16 ] except among members of security organizations .
They are also a character in Assassins , a musical written by Stephen Sondheim .
The 9/11 Commission Report also mentioned Byck 's attempt to fly a plane into the White House . On page 561 in note 21 , it says : [ 17 ]
As part of their 34-page analysis , the attorney explained why they thought that a fueled Boeing 747 , used as a weapon , `` must be considered capable of destroying virtually any building located anywhere in the world . '' DOJ memo , Robert D. to Cathleen C. , `` Aerial Intercepts and Shoot-downs : Ambiguities of Law and Practical Considerations '' , Mar . 30 , 2000 , p. 10 . `` Also , in February 1974 , a man named Samuel Byck attempted to commandeer a plane at Baltimore Washington International Airport with the intention of forcing the pilots to fly into Washington and crash into the White House to kill the President . The man was shot by police and then killed themselves on the aircraft while it was still on the ground at the airport . ''
In popular culture [ edit ]
Byck is one of the ( failed ) assassins portrayed in Stephen Sondheim 's and John Weidman 's 1991 musical Assassins . Their role in the musical is built largely around their tapes sent to Leonard Bernstein and other famous public figures , which they are depicted recording during two scene-length monologues , the first addressed to Bernstein and the second to Nixon himself .
A movie based on their story , The Assassination of Richard Nixon , was released in 2004 . [ 18 ] The film starred Sean Penn as Bicke ( the surname spelling having been changed ) .
The History Channel also ran a special on Byck entitled The Plot to Kill Nixon . [ 19 ]
Some experts estimate more than half of the antibiotics produced in this country are fed to farm animals , mostly to boost their growth rate . In this excerpt from their book Secret Agents , Madeline Drexler chronicles how that practice has led to strains of drug-resistant bacteria , forcing doctors to prescribe higher and higher doses of medicine to combat these more resilient pathogens . `` Farms are some of the most insidious sources of antibiotic resistance , '' Drexler writes . `` Whether carnivore or vegetarian , you can not avoid the aftermath of antibiotics applied lower in the food chain . '' A former medical columnist for The Boston Globe , Drexler was a Knight Science Journalism Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1996 to 1997 .
inside the slaughterhouse + producer chat + introduction + discussion + video
tapes & transcripts + press reaction + credits + privacy policy
FRONTLINE + wgbh + pbsi web site copyright 1995-2014 WGBH educational foundation
Charles “ Lefty ” Driesell , Johnny Holliday , Olaf “ Olie ” Kolzig , Ted Lerner , George Solomon , Michael Weiss and Chris Weller will be awarded the prestigious honor before April 27 Nationals-Padres Game
Seven new members of the Washington DC Sports Hall of Fame will be honored during pregame festivities prior to the Washington Nationals series finale against the San Diego Padres on Sunday , April 27 at Nationals Park . This year , the renowned sports club will enshrine the following inductees :
o Charles “ Lefty ” Driesell – Former Men 's Basketball Head Coach , University of Maryland
o Johnny Holliday – Sports Broadcaster , Voice of Maryland football & basketball and Nats Xtra television host on MASN
o Olaf “ Olie ” Kolzig – Former Goalie , Washington Capitals
o George Solomon – Former Sports Editor , The Washington Post
o Theodore N. Lerner – Managing Principal Owner , Washington Nationals
o Michael Weiss – Olympic and Professional Figure Skater
o Chris Weller – Former Women 's Head Basketball Coach , University of Maryland
These honorees were selected based on their outstanding contributions to the world of sports , thereby bringing honor and recognition to the Nation 's Capital . They will join a select group of Washington-area standout athletes and sports personalities already in the Hall of Fame , including Sammy Baugh , James Brown , Dominique Dawes , Josh Gibson , Walter Johnson , Sonny Jurgensen , Morgan Wootten , Bob Wolff and many others .
Each new inductee will receive a Washington DC Sports Hall of Fame plaque commemorating their induction during the pregame ceremony , and their names will be added to the large Hall of Fame display at Nationals Park , located on the side of Garage B facing the field .
`` As a native Washingtonian , and a huge sports fan , it is a thrill to induct this new class of honorees into the Washington DC Sports Hall of Fame , '' said Charlie Brotman , co-chair of the Washington DC Sports Hall of Fame and Founder/CEO of Brotman-Winter-Fried ( a division of Sage Communications ) . “ We now have more than 100 members in this exclusive club , all of whom have helped further the high standards of athletics in the Greater Washington community . ”
A Hall of Fame member himself , Brotman serves as co-chair of the Washington DC Sports Hall of Fame alongside Comcast SportsNet 's Andy Ockershausen .
A crazed feminist told a second grade school teacher that they hope they get beaten on a nightly basis by an abusive husband because they refused to hand out vagina shaped cookies to their class .
The unnamed teacher asked a friend to post details of the bizarre encounter on their Reddit account .
According to the story , the teacher regularly invites volunteer parents to cook snacks for their class on a Friday when the children have been well behaved .
The teacher was shocked when the mother uncovered cookies shaped like vaginas ( file photograph )
The un-named teacher was appalled after the mother revealed their vagina cookies , picture posed by models
The teacher said the woman arrived at the school and handed over a plate full of treats and said : ' I decided you can use these to teach the kids about the woman 's vagina today . '
According to the teacher : 'Baffled and completely caught off guard I slowly peel the aluminum foil off the pan to behold a plethora of sugar cookie and frosting vaginas .
'Not just any old vagina , but ALL KINDS OF VAGINAS . There were small , puffy , white , brown , shaved , bald , and even a fire crotch with beef curtains . Perplexed I give the parent the most professional look I can muster and quietly reply `` I 'm sorry , but I ca n't give these to my students . This just is n't appropriate . ''
The teacher said the outrage parent started shouting at them in front of the class of seven-year-old children . They said ' I should be proud of my vagina and ' I am settling for a women 's role in life ' .
The feminist , according to the story , shouted the word vagina repeatedly before storming out of the classroom .
Later that afternoon the teacher received several phone calls and emails from parents wondering how their child learned the word 'vagina ' while at school .
Then , the crazed mother sent a series of abusive emails to the teacher , wishing domestic violence upon them
In a bizarre series of emails , the child 's mother attacks the teacher over their reaction to the bizarre cookies
The feminist mother said : 'We should stand together and inform people about the vagina and how to please it '
`` Alone In A Room '' , a brand-new song from the U.K. metalcore band ASKING ALEXANDRIA , was premiered earlier tonight on BBC Radio 1 's `` Rock Show With Daniel P. Carter '' and can now be streamed using the widget below . The track is taken from ASKING ALEXANDRIA 's new , self-titled album , which will be released on December 15 via Sumerian . The disc marks the group 's first full-length effort with singer Danny Worsnop since they rejoined ASKING ALEXANDRIA in the fall of 2016 .
`` Asking Alexandria '' was produced by FROM FIRST TO LAST 's Matt Good and mixed by Taylor Larson .
ASKING ALEXANDRIA guitarist Ben Bruce told Metal Wani in a recent interview that the band 's new album has `` gone above and beyond all my expectations . For me , every time I finish an album , I 'm , like , 'Man , I wish I could have done this differently . I would have changed this . This song 's not that good , it 's kind of an album filler . I wish I had more time to write more hits . ' With this album , we had no limitations , we had no time limits or restrictions and were left to our own devices and we did exactly what we wanted to do , '' they said . `` I listen to the final product now and I could n't be more proud . There 's no point on the album where I 'm , like , 'Ah , I wish we could have re-recorded this or changed this . ' Or ' I 'm not too fond of this song . ' Every time I listen to the album , I have a different favorite song . I 'm definitely prouder of this album than I ever have been of any record before . ''
Asked if ASKING ALEXANDRIA had to make any changes to reacclimate Worsnop , Ben said : `` No , not really . It just all felt really natural . I think all the time apart from each other , it just allowed all of us to grow as musicians and individuals . When they came back and we started doing this album , everything just kind , it just kind of clicked , like it was meant to be . We did n't have to sit down and force anything , like , 'Okay , Danny 's back , so we need to do this . ' We did n't need to tell Danny , 'We need screaming so you have to do this . ' It 's just what it was , so we did n't have to set any limitations . We were just , like , 'Let 's all write music that we love and see what happens . ' This album is the result of that . I think everyone , including Danny , I 've not seen Danny this excited about an ASKING ALEXANDRIA record , ever . All of us are obsessed with it and it 's because it was such a pleasure to record and it 's us . It 's just us through and through . We were n't told what to do or when to do it . Every single song , we did for us . Yeah , there was no groaning or changing , it was very natural , very easy . ''
`` Asking Alexandria '' track listing :
01 . Alone In A Room
02 . Into The Fire
03 . Hopelessly Hopeful
04 . Where Did It Go ?
05 . Rise Up
06 . When The Lights Come On
07 . Under Denver
08 . Vultures
09 . Eve
10 . I Am One
11 . Empire ( feat . Bingx )
12 . Room 138
13 . Into The Fire ( radio edit )
The reunion between Danny and ASKING ALEXANDRIA was confirmed in October 2016 following weeks of rumors and speculation regarding the status of their replacement , Denis Shaforostov , who joined the band in 2015 .
Danny , who released a solo album , `` The Long Road Home '' , in February while still being involved with their other band WE ARE HARLOT in between acting gigs , told Finland 's Kaaos TV that they are working closely with the members of ASKING ALEXANDRIA to ensure that they are able to pursue other projects alongside their touring and recording activities with AA .
When Danny 's return to ASKING ALEXANDRIA was first announced , Bruce said in a video message that Shaforostov had `` just stopped talking to us . '' But Denis later tweeted , `` I left AA because I ca n't be in a touring band at this point in my life . There 's no drama and I do n't want to be a part of it . ''
Jon Cohn has a very intelligent take on Obama 's auto industry announcement today . It 's all worth reading . Emotionally , I was struck most strongly by this paragraph :
Obama is committed to pushing the auto industry to become greener even as it becomes leaner . And that is absolutely the right goal . But right now the big obstacle to selling more fuel efficient cars is on the demand side . Consumers just do n't want them badly enough , at least not with gas prices as low as they are . Can Obama fix that problem , too , by enacting some sort of pollution tax ( whether in the form of a direct carbon levy or a cap-and-trade system ) ?
Well . This is why Detroit is so effed up . Let me tell a quick story .
I 've finally decided that for my next car , I ought to buy a hybrid , and I ought to buy American if I can . I want a midsize sedan . You know , a normal car , like normal people drive . I 'd love to buy a Ford or Chrysler or Buick or Pontiac or maybe even a Saturn ( not a Chevrolet ; I have my limits ) hybrid midsize sedan . You 'd think they 'd be rushing such models out , would n't you ? But in fact , astonishingly , they hardly exist . Ford is coming out right now with a Fusion hybrid ( the Mercury-badged version is called the Milan ) . Saturn has something called the Aura , whose availability is extremely limited . Chrysler , Buick , and Pontiac have nothing as far as I can see .
And yet , most of these manufacturers are making ... SUV hybrids ! I went to the Cadillac website , on the assumption that if Cadillac had any brains , they 'd be making a hybrid sedan that someone like me ( far from right but doing okay ) could maybe afford . The only hybrid Cadillac is pushing is - get this - the Escalade hybrid .
An Escalade hybrid ? That 's like taking one strip of bacon off of your Wendy 's triple bacon-cheeseburger and calling it a diet . Cohn makes a fair point that Detroit would make here . Hybrid SUVs are selling . There 's no great demand yet for midsize hybrid sedans . Well , fine , make some hybrid SUVs , but : create the market for sedans , you idiots . Markets are created all the time in capitalist society .
Once upon a time no one knew they needed a car with radio . Now no one would buy a car without at least a single CD player and more likely a six-CD changer and all kinds of MP3 and satellite technology . A decade ago , no one had any problem listening to songs in the running order artists intended them to be heard . But a new invention changed all that . And so on and so on .
They 're so unimaginative in Detroit . You create a market with a sizzling ad campaign , one that sells an idea of the future as bound up in the new line of vehicles , and in hard incentives or disincentives . A pollution tax is one idea in the latter category . In the former , read this , about what Germany is doing :
The German government is paying people who junk old cars a bonus of $ 3,250 toward a new , environmentally cleaner vehicle , as part of a $ 67 billion government stimulus plan ...
... Additionally , Volkswagen AG on Monday unveiled an `` Environment Premium Plus '' program to provide additional incentives such as price reductions and cheaper financing to customers taking advantage of the government bonus . With the added VW incentives , Kamand said they would be able to knock $ 6,000 off the $ 26,800 sticker price .
Owners of cars that are at least nine years old and registered in Germany for at least a year can take advantage through the end of the year . The goal is to help Europe 's largest economy — struggling with a recession and a rising unemployment rate of 8.3 percent — by promoting big-ticket consumer purchases and newer , lower-emissions vehicles .
God forbid Detroit come up with something like this . They 're dopes . It infuriates me that thousands of union workers who are just doing what they 're told are going to have to suffer for their dumb bosses ' lack of imagination . But if they ca n't think beyond `` Gee , our customers like SUVs , so let 's just make hybrid SUVs '' then they deserve what they get , sad to say .
All the way back in January Do n't Starve : Shipwrecked was released on iOS , but all of us Android users were left wondering when Klei Entertainment would release this single-player expansion on the Play Store . Well , it would appear that today is the day ... sort of . You see , it 's a public beta release , but the key word here is public . So that means we are all free to pay the asking price of $ 3.99 today in order to explore its all new seafaring world .
The good thing about this public beta is that once you pay for the game , you 'll continue to own it even as it leaves the public beta and is finally officially released . The bad news is that there still may be a few bugs contained in this port , which may take time to get fixed . It 's still unknown when the official release date will come , but I see that as little reason to stop any fan of this series from picking it up during this public beta release .
Oh , and even better news , it 's available for $ 3.99 and is free of any advertisements or in-app purchases while also coming in at a dollar less than its iOS counterpart . Not a bad deal for those of us that do n't mind jumping into the gameplay early .
And for those of you unfamiliar with this expansion or the base game it stems from , this is an open-world survival game with a slight dash of Lovecraftian horror . You start out in a randomly generated world with nothing , to then venture forth into its dangerous ocean filled lands to gather resources , build tools , and harvest food , which is all necessary for your survival . If you die , you get to start that process all over again . While at times there is a bit of luck required for your survival , with how open the gameplay is there tends to be plenty of varied choices you can make for furthered success .
It 's also worth pointing out that Do n't Starve : Shipwrecked is a stand alone expansion . That means you are free to purchase and play this release without the need to own the base game Do n't Starve : Pocket Edition . This way you are free to experience everything the expansion has to offer without any prior knowledge or investment .
While I can totally understand that most people may be a bit skeptical of picking up a game in beta , I honestly see little difference when compared to the many non-beta games released on the Play Store , as they tend to have the same issues any beta would see . As a gamer , it usually works in our favor to be suspicious of most unproven products , especially ones that are paid but still in beta . But I do n't doubt that Klei Entertainment will come through with a solid experience . After all , that is what a beta is for .
Americans `` remain divided '' on whether the government should be able to access their private encrypted messages , according to new research .
Pew Research found in its latest report on cybersecurity that 46 percent of Americans would allow the government to access encrypted communications to investigate a crime , whereas 44 percent are in favor of encrypted apps and messaging that are unbreakable to law enforcement .
The breakdown works out as predominately Democrats and young adults being in favor of strong encryption .
But what 's interesting is that while Americans are split on the topic , the numbers appear to be balancing out after the Apple-FBI ruckus last year , which saw `` crypto wars '' hit the mainstream press .
The brouhaha began when the FBI demanded that Apple build software to bypass the encryption on the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino terrorists .
Apple refused to comply with the order , which it argued would create a backdoor and set a `` dangerous precedent . ''
At the time , however , Pew said that 51 percent of Americans were in favor of requiring Apple to help unlock the iPhone at the FBI 's request , with 38 percent believing Apple should n't help .
The poll this time around was more general and lacking context or consequence .
But as encryption becomes more ubiquitous without people necessarily even knowing , it will be harder for tech companies to reverse their trajectories on security and privacy .
And now with a new administration in power and policies set to shift , it 'll be interesting to see how people 's opinions change down the line -- if at all .
£31,495 for GT 86 TRD manual , £32,995 for the automatic – that 's nearly $ 50,000 US for the tripedalist and just over for the automatic . ( Those are heady prices , but bear in mind that UK MSRPs and taxes are generally significantly higher than their US counterparts ) . If the standard GT86 is more your speed , it still rings up at a more affordable
24,995 – roughly $ 39,500 – leaving plenty of budget for actual performance parts . No word yet on North American availability of a special TRD model , but we 've got a call in ...
Show full PR text TOYOTA GT86 TRD – IT 'S OFFICIAL
New GT86 TRD adds impact to Toyota 's sports coupe
- First official UK model grade to feature genuine TRD parts
- Features include forged 18-inch alloys , front and side skirts , rear spoiler , fast-response quad exhaust and TRD-branded details
- Only 250 available in the UK , on sale from 1 March
- On-the-road prices £31,495 for GT 86 TRD manual , £32,995 for the automatic
Since its launch last year , the Toyota GT86 has revitalised Toyota 's reputation for building cars that are all about the pure pleasure of driving . Now the hugely acclaimed sports coupe – shortlisted for both European and World Car of the Year awards – gains even more appeal with the introduction of the new GT86 TRD .
Just 250 examples will be available , equipped with genuine design and performance features from TRD ( Toyota Racing Development ) , one of the world 's most accomplished and successful after market engineering businesses .
GT86 is the first UK Toyota for which official TRD parts have been used to create a specific production model grade .
The GT86 TRD , on sale from 1 March , will create a new halo model for the 2+2 coupe range . Both six-speed manual and automatic versions will be available , in a choice of two colours : Pearl White and GT86 Black . On-the-road prices are £31,495 for the manual and £32,995 for the auto .
The focus is on sports styling , but not at the cost of GT86 's essential performance and handling character . The package includes 18-inch cast TF6 alloys , deep front and side skirts , a rear bumper spoiler and a fast-response quad-exhaust system with a rear diffuser to increase stability . The TRD touches also extended to a branded radiator cap and fuel filler cover , while inside the car there is a new TRD gear shift lever .
These items are all in addition to GT86 's established equipment specification , which includes HID headlamps , front fog lamps , limited slip differential , Smart Entry and Start , dual-zone climate control , analogue dials and meters , drilled aluminium pedals , sports seats , scuff plates , cruise control and the Toyota Touch multimedia system .
Acceleration and maximum speed are unchanged at 7.7 seconds for 0-62mph and 140mph for the manual and 8.4 seconds and 130mph for the automatic . There are slight changes in fuel consumption and emissions : 192g/km and 34.9mpg for the manual and 181g/km and 36.2mpg for the automatic ( all figures official combined cycle ) .
ENDS
As dearly as we love the Toyota GT86 Subaru BRZ franchise , we readily admit we would n't look sideways at a model with a bit more firepower . And while that 's not quite on the table yet , Toyota has been busy amping up the visual firepower of its rear-drive coupe with a whole host of TRD parts . To this point , that 's been a largely à la carte affair , but the automaker 's UK outpost has just announced a special-edition model that allows our British friends to pick up the whole shooting match all in one go.The Toyota GT86 TRD will only be available in black and white , and just 250 examples are to be built . As you can see from the excellent gallery above , the catalog of look-faster bits include a more aggressive front air dam , side skirts , rear bumper fascia , spoiler and unique 18-inch forged alloys . Additional flourishes include a TRD shift lever and branded radiator cap . The sole concession to actual performance ? A `` fast-response quad exhaust '' that might only improve things audibly – 0-62 mph is apparently unchanged at 7.7 seconds , and the top end is still 140 mph for the manual transmission model . ( The auto gets by with 8.4 seconds and 130 mph ) .Pricing ? Glad you asked .
Tent City America : Sacramento , Seattle , Olympia , Nashville , Reno , St. Petersburg , NYC , … where next ?
As San Diego closes its winter shelter for our local homeless , nation-wide the homeless , joined by the jobless , are erecting tent cities . Among the cities which are grappling with an increasing number of tent city residents are Fresno , Sacramento and Los Angeles in California , New York City , Seattle and Olympia in Washington , and St. Petersburg in Florida .
On Wednesday , California Gov . Arnold Schwarzenegger announced on Wednesday the transfer of the Sacramento tent city with 125 persons to a nearby fairground .
Sacramento tent city still there – and they do n't want to move .
First there was Oprah . Then the rest . The media siege at Sacramento tent city has now been running for three weeks . Network vans , international press and national newsteams . They are all visiting the wasteland under the power lines next to the Blue Diamond Almond Factory . [ For the remainder of this article , go here . ]
In California , the city of Sacramento 's desire to move scores of homeless people out of a tent city is meeting some resistance . [ For the remainder of this article , go here . ]
Nickelsville : Seattle 's Homeless Name New Tent City After City 's Mayor
An encampment is made up of over a hundred pink tents and is named to protest Seattle Mayor Greg Nickel 's policies around the homeless . [ For remainder of this article , go here . ]
Olympia WA – Effort to restrict tent cities sponsored by churches fought
A bill clamping down on local governments ' restrictions on church-run encampments for the homeless could hit a snag in the state Senate , where it received conflicting testimony Friday in a committee hearing .
The measure is sponsored by Democratic Rep. Brendan Williams of Olympia . It comes in response to ordinances that Lacey and east King County cities have adopted to restrict such encampments on church property .
Nashville grapples with tent city and homeless
Nashville , Tennessee has its own problems with tent cities . According to NewsChannel5.com , Nashville has one large tent city south of the downtown area , with at least thirty additional homeless camps scattered throughout the region . There is a concern about this “ huge surge in the number of encampments , ” and the issue has reached “ urgent ” proportions . Attributing the rise in homelessness to the faltering economy that brings with it increased foreclosures and job layoffs , city officials are seeking answers – and fast – to their local homeless crisis . [ This is part of a larger article , go here for entire post . ]
Reno closed one tent city , now faces possibility of another
Homeless people have started camping on the sidewalk outside Reno 's homeless shelter downtown . The crowd on Record Street with their sleeping bags and tarps are here during the day because they 're not allowed to loiter on the grounds around the shelter . The City of Reno cracked down a bit because of feedback from some homeless and volunteers who visit the area . “ They felt unsafe because of the sheer number of people that were kind of hanging out. ” [ For remainder of post , go here . ]
The tent city in Fresno has nearly 2,000 in 3 camps
The tent city in Fresno has about 2,000 people spread in three major camps near downtown and two highways . New appointed Fresno homeless prevention and policy manager
Gregory Barfield said the city will conduct surveys in the three camps to find out how many dwellers need services and permanent housing . See our earlier post on Fresno 's tent city .
___________
According to Michael Stoops , executive director of the National Coalition for the Homeless , majority of the people living in these shanty towns were minimum wage earners whose income used to be provided a roof over their head . Included in the numbers are children of the workers.A report released early this month by the coalition estimated there are 1.5 million homeless children in the U.S . Together with their families 75 percent of the number were concentrated in 11 states during the period 2005 to 2006 . The report reckons 2.4 million to 3.5 million Americans will experience becoming homeless at least once a year .
Among the measures that the coalition has proposed to the Obama administration is to set aside $ 10 billion in the next two years as capital for the National Housing Trust Fund which will rehabilitate or construct 100,000 rental units for the lowest income households . Another is the release of $ 3.6 billion new Housing Voucher totaling 400,000 over the next 24 months .
American counternarcotics policy in Afghanistan has been senseless , as growing opium poppies remains the only source of income that keeps rural areas alive . Meanwhile millions of US dollars pumped into the country end up in the pockets of warlords experts say .
A top US watchdog is urging the Trump administration to investigate potential links between the record production of opium in Afghanistan and America 's heroin crisis .
A new report from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction ( SIGAR ) , reveals that despite the “ US providing $ 8.6 billion for counternarcotics efforts in Afghanistan since 2002 , the area under cultivation continues to rise . ''
“ It increased 10 percent to 201,000 hectares in 2016 compared to the previous year 's total , ” the report explains .
According to Brian Becker of the ANSWER Coalition , there are “ numerous factors that have led to an increase in opium production and thus heroin . ”
Read more
“ When you look at the years 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 in Afghanistan – there was more opium poppy produced there than in any single period during the rule of the Taliban staring in the mid-1990 's , ” they told RT .
Among the reasons that have led to it , they describe the country being splintered , domination by warlords and insurgent groups ' desire to raise money . Becker also alleges the Afghan government was probably “ profiting from the production of opium. ” Additionally , there 's the problem of poverty , they added .
“ [ There are ] many , many poor farmers after the US invasion and the NATO invasion in 2001 ; the Afghan economy collapsed . So what are farmers to do ? They are going to grow crops – cash crops – opium in other words , ” they said .
The solution to the problem lies within economic measures rather than military means , the analyst said .
“ By the way , every US bank – I am not joking – has been convicted of laundering billions of dollars of drug money . None of those bank executives go to jail – they just get fined . In other words profit drives this industry . There is no military solution , ” Becker added .
As to the opioid epidemic in the United States , in Becker 's view the overuse of prescription painkillers is to blame , not Afghanistan .
“ They are addicted to opiates , because of over-prescription by the US pharmaceuticals and doctors , who are pumping opiates into poor communities . Then when people ca n't afford opiates they go to heroin , which is cheaper in the US than the prescription drug medications . That is the reason we have this huge spike in opium or heroin related deaths in the US , ” Becker said .
‘ US should stop turning a blind eye to drug trade '
Author and journalist Eric Margolis says the whole US policy of spending millions of dollars to counter opium production in Afghanistan is senseless .
“ The money allegedly being spent to curb opium is really going into the pockets of the major warlords in the country , who prop up the government in Kabul – this is their pay off – it is not really anti-drug measures . Certainly , if the US really wanted to end drugs going out to the US , it could take much more effective action than it is doing now . But drugs and heroin underpin the Afghan economy . There is no other economy and the whole rural sector in Afghanistan keeps itself alive by growing opium poppies , ” they told RT .
PFC Hansen Kirkpatrick of Wasilla , Alaska is the seventh US soldier killed in Afghanistan this year https : //t.co/0aMoBLEvQI — RT America ( @ RT_America ) July 5 , 2017
To prevent opium flowing into the US , “ they have to develop some kind of economy in Afghanistan , ” Margolis said .
“ They have to destroy poppy fields , but provide the farmers with some other alternative income for that , and stop turning a blind eye to this terrible drug trade . Afghanistan is now the world 's biggest drug dealer . Unfortunately speaking , as an American , it is our baby , and I am not proud of it , ” they added .
A class action lawsuit was filed against Chipotle Tuesday , claiming a California store waited to inform health officials about an employee who worked while sick with Norovirus , exposing more than 200 people to it .
The August 2015 incident took place at a Simi Valley location .
`` Chipotle 's kitchen manager ... had gastrointestinal symptoms while working at the restaurant , '' but they continued to work according to the court documents .
The lawsuit alleges the kitchen manager was diagnosed with Norovirus a few days later , and the restaurant closed it 's doors in what is described as a , `` Norwalk Protocol '' in response to the diagnosis .
But according to the plaintiffs , Chipotle delayed contacting the Ventura County Public Health Division ( VCEHD ) , choosing instead to `` try and conceal all evidence of the outbreak by disposing of all food items , bleaching all cooking and food handling surfaces and replacing its sick employees with replacement employees from other restaurants . '' This prevented the food safety investigator from investigating the outbreak , according to the suit . The store closed on a Thursday , and the lawsuit claims the corporate office did not inform health officials until Saturday .
The lawsuit claims Chipotle covered up the evidence , `` because Chipotle was simultaneously dealing with another public relations disaster regarding and wanted to protect its stock price from plummeting by putting corporate profits ahead of public health and safety . ''
RELATED LINK :
The restaurant reported to health officials 17 employees were sick , and were replaced with a new crew .
VCEHD found multiple violations of the restaurant even after it had allegedly been cleaned , including :
Food handlers without valid certification
Flying insects
Mildew inside the ice machine and accumulation of grease and food debris in the deep fryer
Unsanitary floors , walls and ceiling
Restroom `` unclean or in disrepair ''
Drain line from the customer self-service soda fountain directly connected to the sewer
The lawsuit quotes the VCEHD investigation further , stating during the week the employee reported being sick , 234 people reported gastrointestinal illness to the agency . After submitting stool samples to the investigation , 9 employees of the store tested positive for Norovirus , `` as did several of the customers who became sick . '' Those customers included a high school football team , and others with an age range of 7 years to 67 years old .
Some of the complaints by customers include :
Cramping , diarrhea , extreme vomiting , fever , stomach pain , and `` one of the longest and most painful nights of my life ''
Severe abdominal pain , violent vomiting , diarrhea , headache , chills , and stomach cramps over a two day period - losing `` 13lbs . in 48 hours ''
The class action lawsuit estimates a total of 3,000 entrees were sold during the two-day exposure period .
Plaintiffs are seeking damages for personal injuries and medical costs , restitution for the price paid , and relief to be determined by the court .
Chirs Arnold , communications director for Chipotle , declined comment to Sinclair , responding via email , `` As a matter of policy , we do n't discuss details surrounding pending legal actions . ''
RELATED LINK :
Warren E. Buffett is among the nation 's best deal-makers , and in the $ 5 billion investment they struck with Bank of America , he 's getting a guaranteed profit .
Under the terms of the deal , Mr. Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway will receive 50,000 perpetual preferred shares . That stock carry a 6 percent annual dividend payable quarterly , meaning that Bank of America will be sending about $ 300 million a year to Berkshire 's headquarters in Omaha .
Put another way , Berkshire will be earning $ 821,917.81 a day , or $ 9.51 a second . All in all , not a bad way to spend $ 5 billion , especially when Berkshire had $ 47.9 billion in cash and equivalents as of the end of the second quarter .
Berkshire will also receive 10-year warrants that can be converted into 700 million common shares in Bank of America , at a strike price of about $ 7.14 . ( To be exact , $ 7.142857 . ) As of Thursday afternoon , that meant an immediate paper profit of $ 392 million on the warrants , based on Bank of America 's stock price of $ 7.70 .
Want more granular detail ? Analysts told Reuters that the actual value of Berkshire 's warrants are worth $ 3.17 billion to $ 3.84 billion , though the actual value will change over time .
And Dealbreaker has put together a nicely considered analysis of the value of Bank of America implied by Berkshire 's investment , replete with a Google Docs spreadsheet . The short answer : $ 5.28 a share or so . ( The stock was trading around $ 7.70 on Thursday afternoon . )
The deal will provide Berkshire with a tidy profit as long as Mr. Buffett can hold on to the stake . Bank of America can buy back the preferred shares at any time for a 5 percent premium , or an additional $ 250 million .
Bank of America is undeniably getting a better deal than Goldman Sachs or General Electric did when they secured similar deals with Berkshire . Mr. Buffett paid $ 5 billion for preferred shares and warrants in Goldman and $ 3 billion for the same in G.E . The preferred shares in both carried a 10 percent annual dividend and a 10 percent premium to be repaid early .
In Goldman 's case , when it finally bought out Berkshire 's stake in the spring , it paid out $ 5.64 billion .
But as Mr. Buffett told CNBC on Thursday morning , those were struck during the financial crisis , and therefore demanded much harsher terms .
Canceled Halo Mega Blocks Xbox 360 game info leaks This Mega Bloks Halo game is the Halo game you never knew you wanted .
The many blockbuster IP Lego games have done great in sales and reviews , and it 's surprising more properties have n't tried to capture that success . It turns out that Halo was a franchise that almost got its own kid-friendly adaptation to building-block form . N-Space , known mostly for porting major titles like Call of Duty and Goldeneye to the Nintendo DS , was working on a Mega Bloks licensed Halo game during 2013 .
Thanks to an anonymous source , Andrew Borman of PtoPOnline was able to secure footage of the canceled Halo Mega Bloks game , codenamed `` Haggar . '' The build showed dates from around September to November 2013 and is indicative of what the final product would have offered . The build has a single campaign level available that is polished to show a vertical slice of polished gameplay .
The Halo Mega Bloks game would have been a third-person shooter that looks a lot more action-packed than a regular Lego title . The title would have featured a lot of the same light-hearted humor that Lego titles are famous for , but with more complex gameplay than its building block-based peer . From the footage , you can see the Halo Mega Bloks game featured Master Chief fighting a host of enemies from the Covenant , including Grunts , Elites , and Hunters . It also had a full range of weapons from the Halo universe , and sound effects ripped straight from the main Halo games .
One of the coolest aspects of the Halo Mega Bloks game was the ability to build custom vehicles and structures . The Warthog , Scorpion , Ghost , and more would have been fully ridable in the game , and through vehicle pads , you could add new weapons , accessories like a winch , or custom paint jobs to the vehicles . There were also pads scattered throughout the levels that allow you to build structures to assists you like turrets or barriers .
Multiplayer was also beginning to be implemented into the game . Campaign co-op is available in this leaked build of the Halo Mega Bloks game , and a mode called Besieged where you fought waves of enemies while defending your base was also implemented . There was also an additional mostly completed campaign level in the build which featured hallmarks of being in development but is fully playable .
Unfortunately , according to the theory by Borman , the Halo Mega Bloks game was a victim of timing . The title was in development at the end of the Xbox 360 's development cycle , and as work had only been done on the Xbox 360 version of the game , it was likely canceled because of anticipated poor sales .
It 's unfortunate that the Halo Mega Bloks game was canceled . From the footage , it looks like it would be a terrific experience . With N-Space closing last year , we 're not likely to see this version of the game revived . However , 343 Industries has expressed some interest in expanding their Halo offerings in the past , so we may see a Lego or Mega Bloks themed Halo fame someday .
It links London , St. Thomas and Port Stanley , and now a high volume crossroads – the site of the city 's oldest traffic signal – is being reborn as a roundabout .
The problem child intersection of Talbot St. , Sunset Dr. and Wellington Rd . is slated for a $ 2.1 million dollar redevelopment that 's getting underway this spring .
“ It 's a fantastic project , we 're really looking forward to it , ” said Justin Lawrence , city engineer . “ My interest is in improving the safety but also taking the opportunity to make the gateway to St. Thomas attractive and inspiring . ”
The aptly-named Gateway Project is out to tender now and , if all goes according to plan , Lawrence is hoping to get shovels in the ground by April with construction wrapping up in June – just in time for the onslaught of Port Stanley beach-bound traffic this summer .
The City of St. Thomas is using $ 1.65 million from gas tax funds , $ 150,000 from its storm reserve and $ 300,000 from infrastructure reserves to fund the project . Crews will be replacing nearly two kilometres of lanes as they revitalize the intersection , which has been awaiting an overhaul for about 15 years .
“ The road condition is very low , and there is a generally safety concern with the geometry of the intersection , ” said Lawrence . “ There was talk some time ago about rebuilding the existing intersection in place . It 's just in the last year that we 've started talking about a roundabout and gateway feature . ”
Lawrence said crews will build a temporary bypass to connect the south and west branches of Sunset Dr. when construction gets underway . The Talbot St. section to the east and Wellington Rd . stretch to the north will be closed for most of the project .
Despite the driving disruptions the construction will cause , Lawrence said the aging intersection is n't as safe and efficient as it could be . He 's confident the traffic circle will change that .
“ Since we 've been designing the project , many people relay to me close calls they 've had or witnessed , ” they said . “ A roundabout is safer . There will be fewer accidents and the accidents that do occur will be less severe . ”
But safety is n't the only benefit of the big build . With west end Talbot Street 's revitalization completed last summer , the roundabout is another step to make the St. Thomas entry more welcoming , attractive and eye-catching .
“ Everyone that speaks to me about the project are excited , ” said Lawrence . “ This is a great project both for the safety upgrade but also to improve the appearance of St. Thomas at a major entrance to the city . ”
As for what will grace the centre of the multimillion-dollar roundabout , Lawrence said the city has n't pinned that down quite yet . But one thing 's for sure , the marquee will be a nod to St. Thomas ' hallowed railway history .
“ We have n't finalized it but we 're trying to put something in that has a historical rail heritage to it . It 's possible that it could be a locomotive for example , but we have n't locked it down for sure , ” they said .
Washington : The latest hate crime statistics released by the FBI shows that violence has become `` a fact of life '' for South Asian communities , a top South Asian organisation has said .
`` The FBI 's hate crimes statistics underline that violence has become a fact of life for our communities , '' said Suman Raghunathan , executive director of South Asian Americans Leading Together ( SAALT ) .
According to the FBI 's 2016 hate crimes statistics released this week , since 2015 , anti-Muslim hate crimes increased by 19 percent , anti-Hindu hate crimes increased by 100 percent , and anti-Sikh hate crimes increased by 17 percent .
`` These surges are on top of the historic spike in hate crimes reported in the FBI 's 2015 data , now marking the highest levels of violence aimed at our communities since the year after 9/11 . Tragically , hate has become the new normal for our communities , '' SAALT said .
`` These incidents are just a fraction of the violence our communities experience on a daily basis . According to FBI 's own estimates , for every one hate crime reported , five hate crimes go unreported . Enough is enough – the violence must stop , '' Raghunathan said .
SAALT alleged that Trump , as a candidate and now as President , has encouraged and emboldened hate violence against our communities through their administration 's anti-Muslim , anti-immigrant rhetoric and policies .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
I got a lot of fun stuff thank you so much !
1 ) reddit magnet 2 ) reddit t-shirt ( fits great ) 3 ) reddit cat I can sew , ( well if I could sew that is lol ) 4 ) A handmade wow hearthstone necklace ( I was at the mall the other day , sadly the hearthstone did not work and I resorted to driving home but its the thought that counts ) 5 ) A box of cookies for my dog ( the puppies love it ) 6 ) Radio Flyer Ride 2 Glide Ride On
My Santa just let me know another box is coming ! They sent a present for 2 little foster boys I just got . a little magic from a real santa . Just the thing for being away from their Bio family for the holidays . What an angel this santa is .
I got the last box in the mail . A huge present from santa to the foster boys . I cant wait to see their faces when they open it up . Since its from 'santa ' we are waiting till christmas to open it unless santa tells us to open it now . Thank you for such a wonderful caring gift .
I am not allowed to post pictures of the boys online but believe me they will be thrilled . I included photos of the Radio Flyer Ride 2 Glide Ride On and the kids were thrilled about this . It is thier favorite toy from this christmas . I am actually having to put time limits on them riding it because they try to hog it from each other LOL . Santa you really out did yourself again a huge Thank You and may many wonderful things come your way .
=== is almost never seen in Ruby . It 's nothing like the JavaScript version of the operator . It is up to the class in question as to what it means . Here are a few examples :
Regexes
/^zzz/ == 'zzzbb ' # = > false /^zzz/ === 'zzzbb ' # = > true
Case Statements
Case statements use ===
This can be really useful for something like the following :
def tracking_service ( num ) case num when /^.Z/ then : ups when /^Q/ then : dhl when /^96 . { 20 } $ / then : FedEx when /^ [ HK ] . { 10 } $ / then : ups end end tracking_service ( 'zZ ' ) # = > : ups tracking_service ( 'Qlksjdflk ' ) # = > : dhl tracking_service ( 'H2828282822 ' ) # = > : ups
Array.grep
Arrays have a method called grep that uses ===
[ `` apple juice '' , `` carrot juice '' , `` coca-cola '' ] .grep /juice/ # = > [ `` apple juice '' , `` carrot juice '' ]
Ranges
=== checks to see if a number is contained .
( 2 .. 4 ) == 3 # = > false ( 2 .. 4 ) === 3 # = > true ( 2 .. 4 ) === 6 # = > false
Lambdas
Lambdas evaluate under ===
Paying only for the trash you throw out is n't a new concept , according to David Wyld , a Southeastern Louisiana University business professor . But now , the technology has caught up . An expert in radio frequency identification ( RFID ) , Wyld says the technology could be used to increase recycling rates -- as consumers are charged for throwing out more trash .
What 's the problem you were trying to tackle ?
It 's both sides of the trash equation . It 's not just that we 're producing more trash , but we also need to encourage recycling . There is an effort for waste management companies and municipalities to make this a fairer business model in terms of how you appropriately charge customers for the service you 're providing . The Pay As You Throw model to charge you based on what you expend in trash is enticing for the service provider , but also for the customer . It is a fairer model in that I 'll be charged only for what I throw out . What 's the actual volume ? This is a merging of technology , business and environmental interests .
What is radio frequency identification ( RFID ) and how could this solve the problem ?
It is a technology better than barcodes . It enables you to identify specific objects , rather than just classes of objects . In a supermarket , for example , a loaf of bread from a particular bakery is going to have a barcode identifying that type of bread . An RFID tag gives you the specific identification for that loaf of bread . You can identify that specific loaf from the time it is made to when it gets into the consumer 's hands .
Barcodes would just identify a class of trash cans . With the RFID tag , because it can identify the individual trash can , waste management companies can find out which of their users is putting out that specific can . As the trash can is lifted up and emptied into the garbage truck , the amount of material weight is measured . If you have a standardized can design , you know the weight of the container . It 's a simple equation . They can identify that John Smith on September 27 threw out 40 pounds of trash in that specific can .
It gives the service provider business intelligence to charge based on the customer . Rather than a flat fee , they can charge based on the pounds of refuse you throw out . That 's Pay As You Throw . You 're paying only for what you 're throwing out . For the service provider , it 's a more intelligent business model . Customers are not abusing the system . There is a built-in penalty . The more I throw out , the more I pay . Hence , the more I recycle , the better off I am because I 'm not going to be charged for that additional service .
You mentioned Pay As You Throw . That 's not new , right ?
It 's been around in various forms . My research showed that it had been tried in terms of measuring trash . But it did n't encourage honest behavior on the citizen 's part . If I 'm being charged for two cans a week and I 'm going over that , I 'm going to stuff my trash into my neighbor 's can . There are communities where you have to buy and use their specific trash bag . They 're charging you for the trash service based on the bag price . The company sets the bag price high enough to drive revenue from that model . If I 'm the consumer , I 'm going to stuff those things as full as possible . Pay As You Throw makes sense , but the technology had to get to a price point to where it was practical .
What 's next for this project ?
I 'm in contact with companies that are interested in this . There 's a lot of interest in Europe , more so than the United States . If local governments mandate its use , then naturally there 's going to be a much faster forced uptake of this . On the recycling end , it 's very entrepreneurial in terms of rewarding citizens for positive environmental behavior . There are a lot of avenues and creative things being done . In two to three years , we 're going to see much wider applications of ideas like this , not just in waste management but a lot of other facets of our lives .
Read Wyld 's blog .
Photo : David Wyld
This post was originally published on Smartplanet.com
Share . Permadeath caters to players looking for a specific challenge , but it also allows for a form of storytelling unique to videogames . Permadeath caters to players looking for a specific challenge , but it also allows for a form of storytelling unique to videogames .
Speculation regarding the climax of Walter White 's transfigurative journey in Breaking Bad has now ended , while Game of Thrones ' 'The Rains of Castamere ' episode from earlier this year left audiences reeling in shock . In both series , no character is ever truly safe , and death carried great emotional impact .
“ The safety net offered by the ability to continue from a previous save or change the difficulty level is an affirmation for players that they always remain in control . ''
In video games , meanwhile , it 's rare for death to mean much . The safety net offered by the ability to continue from a previous save or change the difficulty level is an affirmation for players that they always remain in control , hindered only by repetition as they trundle on from a previous checkpoint . Most games offer power fantasies for the player with relatively few repercussions ; in an apparent nod to Star Trek 's ill-fated Redshirts , the Redcoats of Assassin 's Creed III push disposable mookdom to the point of parody as Connor cuts their way through hordes of soldiers in busy streets . Although visceral and well-animated , any attempt to imply danger in these moments comes off as a facade , as the penalty for death itself is so fleeting .
There are exceptions to the rule , though , and recently , the concept of permanent death in games has seen something of a resurgence . Death with more serious repercussions is working its way into an increasing number of games , filtering through from indie roguelikes to the mainstream .
Rise of the Roguelike and Mainstream Acceptance
`` You can not be bad at watching a movie [ and ] you can not be bad at listening to an album , '' opined comedian and longtime BAFTA Game Awards host Dara Ó Briain at a stand-up gig in 2010 , '' but you can be bad at playing a video game and the video game will punish you and deny you access to the rest of the video game . No other art form does this . ''
Although this is a valid point , Ó Briain presupposes that losing a game must always be considered a punishment . Steam , XBLA and the PlayStation Store are currently home to a bevy of indie game makers creating interesting works inspired in spirit by 80s dungeon crawler Rogue , a game where permadeath was an important gameplay concept . The indie cult hit Dwarf Fortress , which does even allow the player to win in any traditional sense , has built an entire fanbase around its mantra of 'losing is fun ' .
Exit Theatre Mode
Space strategy FTL : Faster Than Light challenges you to prove yourself a master starfarer through sheer hard graft , as you manage the minutiae of a spaceship and encounter randomly generated perils . There 's also the procedurally generated platform adventures Spelunky , where most adventures do n't last long , and Rogue Legacy , in which each death begets another generation of a family of questers who must endeavour to usurp their predecessors . All are notable for their risky 'Roguelike ' gameplay strategies . Death is never far away and you do n't always have control over when and whether it will happen .
These titles cater to players looking for a specific challenge , but they also allow for a form of storytelling unique to video games , allowing stories to spring from the player 's imagination and experience .
Most mainstream games are understandably hesitant to employ this concept . Action RPG stalwarts such as the Diablo and Torchlight series do offer a hardcore option with only one life , but it is not their main selling point ( at least not for most people ) . Online shooters also have modes where the player can not rejoin a round if killed , but this carries no more emotional resonance than a lost game of tag .
Exit Theatre Mode
Cases of permadeath in games with more cinematic aspirations are rarer still . David Cage 's Heavy Rain made a valiant attempt at integrating such features into its detailed , narrative-driven world , allowing players to continue the story should one or more of the game 's several protagonists die , with the concession being that opportunities to die in the game are limited to handpicked QTE moments , a tactic which removes player agency .
Since the game also allows for multiple save files , it is not permadeath in the strictest sense ; reloading a previous save allows for experimentation of outcomes , like a reader keeping their thumb held on the previous page of a Choosey Your Own Adventure novel .
Zombies v Aliens : DayZ and XCOM
Permadeath works better in games that keep narrative to a minimum . Open worlds , survival games and strategy games lend themselves well to experimentation with this concept , and zombie games have found particular success in this regard .
Exit Theatre Mode
DayZ drops players into an online wilderness where they must scavenge and survive for as long as possible in an unnamed Eastern European setting . The online element is what lends DayZ its palpable tension , as players never quite know how another player may react . Due to this online mechanic , it 's not just being killed that feels far more consequential than in other games , but killing others as well .
It is entirely possible to scavenge the game world under the cover of night , with the gamma turned up on the monitor , so as not to be spotted while carrying a torch . Such a fourth-wall breaking solution is encouraged in this game world , where its dog-eat-dog mechanics lead to desperate measures .
Subsequent games have incorporated a single-player extrapolation of DayZ 's formula . ZombiU sees you facing-off with your infected former self as you switch between characters following infection , while in State of Decay you switch to another survivor to carry on playing following a death in the group .
Exit Theatre Mode
This use of permadeath mechanics for emergent storytelling opportunities is at the heart of XCOM : Enemy Unknown 's appeal , too . The Unreal-sheen remake of turn-based 90s alien invasion classic UFO also tackles mortality in a compelling manner in its hardened Ironman difficulty mode , which eschews 'save-scumming ' to prevent players from saving on separate files when skirmishes go wrong .
The fragility of the squad is at the heart of the game 's tension . Losing a lettered squad member who has led the team over tens of missions can make you feel just as devastated as Game of Thrones . Although the international cast of XCOM communicate only in stock phrases delivered in a near-universal American twang , it still manages to create strong drama and tension without the need for long scripts and longer cutscenes .
The Pilot 's Seat : Steel Battalion and Star Citizen
Back in the early ‘ 00s , Xbox mech game Steel Battalion made an effort to strive for absolute 'realism ' in its portrayal of enormous battling robots by erasing your save data if you did not eject from your mech in time before it exploded . This forced players to take a careful and measured approach to combat at all times . It employed a first-person perspective , making the ejector seat mechanic even more believable .
Exit Theatre Mode
Chris Roberts ' in-development space simulator Star Citizen promises a similar ejector seat mechanic as a key component of its gameplay , although it will handle it differently from Steel Battalion . In Steel Battalion , ejecting in time was a binary life-or-death choice designed to increase tension during battles , but Roberts ' intention for permadeath aims more to create texture and atmosphere in the game world .
“ the death mechanics that I have in mind keep a feeling of mortality and history without making it frustrating or killing ( pun intended ) the fun . ''
`` If everyone can be cloned easily , it fundamentally changes the structure of the universe . You now have a universe of immortal gods that ca n't be killed , '' they say on the game 's website , `` Death is just a financial and time inconvenience that has no further consequences . ''
The Wing Commander creator 's ambition for Star Citizen is that the more injuries the player sustains through their journey , the more worn out their character 's body will become , with scars and lost limbs visible to other players online . Since progression in the game is more closely linked to the character 's ship than their avatar , these aesthetic effects mark out storied characters in the game 's massive online world .
Eventually , when the body can no longer sustain itself , the character will die and the player will continue as their beneficiary , who starts the game as an attendant from the previous character 's funeral . `` While permadeath is realistic , it is not a lot of fun if the first time you 're on the wrong side of a dogfight you lose everything and have to start again ... the death mechanics that I have in mind keep a feeling of mortality and history without making it frustrating or killing ( pun intended ) the fun , '' Roberts explains .
Once More , with Feeling
This drama is at the heart of what makes permanent death so compelling . It 's not necessarily about the added challenge or bragging rights when things go well , but the emotions that flare when they do n't . Compare the unexpected thrills of Thrones ' Red Wedding or Walt White 's actions to Star Trek 's red-shirted security personnel , whose deaths in that show are so signposted that they have been parodied even within the parameters of their own franchise .
For audiences accustomed to safety in their storytelling , permadeath can prove a refreshing storytelling opportunity ; we know when we watch The Expendables they will generally be anything but , while comic books ca n't seem to keep their flagship characters dead for much longer than Scratchy the Cat . It is not something that will appeal to all players , but permadeath in games when properly applied can transform the annoyance of losing into the simulation of loss .
Ewen Hosie really likes the word freelancer , as it makes them sound like a starfaring sci-fi hero . They hail from Parts Unknown , and by Parts Unknown we mean Scotland . They are known to skulk around on Twitter .
HAYWARD — A developer seeking to construct a downtown mixed-use complex with market-rate and affordable apartments and commercial spaces has received permission to proceed .
The Hayward City Council unanimously approved development plans and permits at its Feb. 7 meeting that will allow Bay Area Property Developers , of Hayward , and Klein Financial Corporation , of Palo Alto , to build 240 market-rate and affordable apartments on a 3.36-acre site bound by A Street , Main Street , McKeever Avenue and Maple Court .
Related Articles Oakland 's 2nd annual Black Joy Parade celebrates energy , creativity , excellence
The hunt for cheaper housing is changing what it means to be in the ‘ Bay Area '
Old fire station in Centerville needs to go , Fremont planners decide
Planners to decide whether old Centerville fire station should be razed or rehabilitated
Hotel ? Food hall ? 2,200-unit complex ? Developers pitch plans for Richmond Point Molate “ In my mind , there are more positive things than there are negative ones , ” Councilman Francisco Zermeno said at the meeting .
“ The fact that we actually have affordable housing within the complex is something that I think most people do n't like to do ; they ( developers ) simply give us the money to go and use it elsewhere . But I think that combination is important , ” they said .
In all , 48 apartments will be set aside for very low-income families who earn no more than 50 percent of Alameda County 's median income , which is $ 93,600 for a four-person household . That income bracket now ranges from $ 34,150 for one person to $ 48,750 for four people .
“ Typically when projects come before us , they ( developers ) pay the in-lieu fees , and you 'll see that money set aside for a specific affordable project , and that kind of segregates the affordable units from the mainstream , but this does not do that , and I think that 's going to have a tremendous psychological impact on the people who are mixed in with the market-rate housing , ” Councilman Marvin Peixoto said .
“ It 's good for them to feel good about where they live and make them feel that they 're really a part of the community and not segregated , ” they said .
The project , called Maple & Main , was sent to the council after the Hayward Area Planning Association and Hayward resident Sherman Lewis asked it to reconsider the city Planning Commission 's approval of the five-story complex , which includes 5,571 square feet of ground-floor retail space and a 504-stall parking garage .
Other planned amenities include three open courtyards , a swimming pool , a 3,600-square-foot clubhouse and a 6,460-square-foot rooftop terrace .
A 48,000-square-foot medical office building at Maple and McKeever that once housed Bryman College and Levine Hospital also would be renovated and integrated into the development as commercial space .
Lewis , in their appeal letter to the council , cited a need for Bay Area Property Developers to create “ a good place for a walking-oriented , multi-modal social hub ” by moving some of the proposed retail or commercial space from Main Street to Maple Court and contributing money to planned sidewalk improvements at A and Main streets .
Developers , in response to Lewis ' complaint , will contribute $ 10,000 that will go toward about $ 150,000 in traffic-calming projects at A and Main streets , including curb extensions at all four intersections that “ narrow the pedestrian crossing and also reduce vehicle speeds , especially for vehicles making right or left turns , ” said city transportation manager Fred Kelley . Those upgrades were originally outlined in ongoing community plan updates for downtown , they said .
If developers are unable to move a large redwood tree on the property to another part of the site , they will be required to contribute those tree-moving costs , or about $ 75,000 , to the intersection improvements .
“ We honestly do believe it ( street improvements ) is in the best interest to the developer and the city , because this is better connecting the downtown to this project , ” Otis Ogata , of Hayward Area Planning Association , told the council .
“ When you assist walking pedestrians to and from this site , it really makes it attractive to people wanting to use other modes of transportation beyond a personal automobile , ” they said .
About 2,400 square feet of retail space will be moved from Main Street to Maple Court .
“ By taking the retail and putting it on Maple Court , we 're connecting it to already existing retail and not interfering with traffic on Main Street , so when you bring more people to Maple Court , you do n't have to worry about them getting in the way of the cars crossing Main , ” said Amber Collins , also of Hayward Area Planning Association .
The proposed Maple & Main project also will include a shuttle for residents to the Hayward BART station , 24 electric vehicles charging spaces and “ unbundled ” parking that charges flexible rates for spaces based on use , said Bay Area Property Developers Vice President Blake Peters .
“ Getting people out of their cars so they either do n't use them during the day or do n't need them at night when they come home is really the biggest thing that we can possibly do , ” Peters told the council .
Contact Darin Moriki at 510-293-2480 or follow them at twitter.com/darinmoriki .
A provincial court judge has ruled that provincial laws do not apply on Indian reserves . The decision involved the case of a man accused of selling wild meat .
A provincial resource officer arrested a man on a reserve north of Regina two years ago after buying several deer . The man did not want to sell the animals at first , but later sold four deer for $ 40 each .
On Friday a provincial court judge acquitted the man , saying provincial laws do not apply on reserves .
The man 's lawyer , Donald Worme , says the ruling does not mean anyone can sell wild meat , whenever or wherever they want . `` This does not give people carte blanche , '' they say .
Rather , Worme says the decision shows federal and First Nations rules will regulate activity on reserve .
Crown prosecutors are not sure whether they 'll appeal .
“ Isis Or Treat ”
One day , as I was watching a kid show with Luna that featured a pirate singing about how cool it was to be a pirate , it dawed on me how weird it is that pirates are considered cute enough for kids . I mean , they were killers , robbers , and rapists .
When you consider that Isis is basically a group of killers , robbers , and rapists as well , would you let your kid dress like one for Halloween ? Of course not . So I started thinking about why Pirates are OK and Isis is not .
Time .
Maybe a couple hundred years is enough distance for society to forget history . By then , little Nazis might be marching down our streets demanding candy as well . Aaaawwwwww… . Those blue eyes and blonde hair are so SCARY !
I 'm not really this cranky about the subject . I do n't mind if pirates are cool now . I was just thinkin ' thoughts .
( This comic 's Patreon “ Thank You ” goes to Ryan B )
200 x 200 AVATARS created from this comic are available to Skitter Patreon supporters…
Share this : Share
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Reddit
A few weeks back I paid a visit to the wonderful Askeaton Friary in Co Limerick .
The friary is located on the banks of the river Deel , at the edge of town just off the N69 . According to the Monastic Ireland website The friary was founded in the year 1389 by either Gerald Fitzgerald the 3rd earl of Desmond and Lord Justice of Ireland , or in 1420 by James Fitzgerald the 7th earl of Desmond .
The friary seems to have survived the dissolution and a provincial chapter was held here in 1564 . Shortly afterwards during the Desmond Wars the friary was taken over by Nicholas Malby and the friars were expelled .
The ruins of the friary are extensive and in a very good state of repair . The ruins date primarily to the fourteenth and fifteenth century and include a cloister , church and domestic buildings .
Today the friary is accessed through a modern graveyard on the east side of the monastic remains .
To enter the interior of the ruins and the cloister one must pass through a finely fifteenth century pointed doorway in the south wall . This doorway is opposite a spiral staircase that provides acces to the upper story of the east range .
As you enter this doorway and turn left you find an extremely well-preserved to the cloister .
Cloister at Askeaton Friary . Covered walkway of cloister at Askeaton Friary . Rectangular area surrounded by cloister at Askeaton Friary . Rectangular area surrounded by cloister at Askeaton Friary Covered walkway of cloister at Askeaton Friary . Covered walkway of cloister at Askeaton Friary .
The cloister consists of a central rectangular area surrounded by a covered walkway . The cloister was the heart of the monastery , a place of quiet contemplation and the means of communication between the monastic church and domestic buildings .
At Askeaton the cloister walkway has very finely carved arches . Each arch is composed of columns with moulded bases and capitals . In the northeast corner of the cloister , there is a carving of St Francis the patron saint of the Franciscan order . The saint is depicted in monastic robes with stigmata .
Stigmata in the hand St Francis in the clositer of Askeaton Friary . Carving of St Francis in the northeast corner of the cloister at Askeaton Friary .. Carving of St Francis in the northeast corner of the cloister at Askeaton Friary ..
The cloister provides access to the church and the domestic buildings through a series of doors . The nave of the church is entered through a lovely pointed doorway with beautiful carvings on the base .
Doorway into the nave church at Askeaton Friary . Finely carved decoration at the base of the doorway leading into the church at Askeaton Friary .. Finely carved decoration at the base of the doorway leading into the church at Askeaton Friary . Finely carved decoration at the base of the doorway leading into the church at Askeaton Friary .
The church is a long building of fourteenth century date with an undivided nave and chancel .
View of the nave of the church from south end church at Askeaton Friary . Five light tracery east windows at church in Askeaton Friary ..
The church has some very interesting features , including a triple sedilia and choir stalls in the east end of the south wall .
Above the sedilia is a large plaque sixteenth century date , contemporary carved stones some and a second plaque ( later insertions ) and a finely carved tracery window .
Carved stones located above triple sedilia at Askeaton Friary . Series of carved stones including plaques with writing inserted into the northeast corner of the church at Askeaton Friary . Carving with floral design inserted above sedilia in northeast corner of the churchat Askeaton Friary .
The walls of the church still retain a number of hooded tomb niches , three in the south wall and one in the north wall .
Tomb niche in south wall of chancel of church , with door leading to cloister at Askeaton Friary . Tomh niche in north wall of church at Askeaton Friary . The door leading to the sacristry . View of two of the tomb niches in the south wall of the friary church at Askeaton .
The church also has some very finely carved tracery windows .
Window in the southeast corner of church at Askeaton Friary . Carved decoration at base of window in the southeast corner of church at Askeaton Friary . Window in west wall of transepth at Askeaton Friary . Five light tracery east windows at church in Askeaton Friary .. Finely carved window in south wall of church at Askeaton Friary .
The remains of a later fifteenth century transept are found at the northwest end of the church building .
The transept provided space for additional altars dedicated to various saints and serving as mortuary , burial or chantry chapels for the community 's benefactors . In friaries the transept was often the location of a shrine to the Virgin Mary and was known as the Lady Chapel . ( Monastic Ireland website )
A pointed doorway in the north wall connects the chancel to the sacristy . At the base of the doorways is a spiral carving . I wonder if it is a masons mark .
Doorway leading to the sacristry at Askeaton Friary . Tiny carving of a spiral at the base of the doorway leading into sacristry at Askeaton Friary .
The sacristy has two floors . The ground floor was roofed with a barrel vault . The partial remains of the vaulting can still be seen in the north wall and a fireplace survives in this wall . The east gable gable wall is the most intact part of this room and contains a fine twin-light window ,
Sacristry at Askeaton Friary . Remains of barrel vaulted ceiling at Askeaton Friary . View of sacristry at Askeaton Friary .
Behind the sacristy is a large green area marked as the ‘ old graveyard ' on the 1st edition Ordnance Survey map is located behind the church and sacristy . There are some large chunks of masonry from the transept walls scattered around the graveyard .
Chunks of masonry from transept of the church at Askeaton Friary . Green area on the north side of Askeaton Friary .
The domestic building of the friary also survive and are found on the east and west side of the clositer .
The east range includes the monastic kitchen . It is two stories and the ground floor is roofed with a long barrel-vaulted ceiling . A finely carved fireplace is located towards the north end of the east wall .
Ground floor of east range at Askeaton Friary . Large finely carved fireplace in the east wall of east range at Askeaton Friary .. Large finely carved fireplace in the east wall of east range at Askeaton Friary .. Possible oven in the east range of Askeaton Friary . Chimmney flue in east range at Askeaton Friary .
The refectory or dining room , juts out of the southeast corner of the cloister . It is two stories in height and dates to circa fifteenth century .
Refectory jutting out of the southeast corner of clositer at Askeaton Friary . Interior of refectory at Akeaton Friary .
The chapter room where monks conducted business also survives and is in good condition . It was locked when I visited so I could only peek in through the metal gate . with in the area are the tombs of the martyrs Bishop Patrick O'Healy and Fr Conn O'Rourke .
According to the wonderful Monastic Ireland website
A very fragmentary painting survives in the upper floor of the domestic ranges – a space that would have been reserved for the friars . It depicts a devotional image of the ‘ Man of Sorrows'- showing Christ surrounded by the instruments of their Passion ( http : //www.monastic.ie/tour/askeaton-franciscan-friary/ ) .
External west wall of refectory at Askeaton friary Exterior wall of west gable of the church and chapter house at Askeaton friary . View of River Deel at Askeaton Friary .
For a more in-depth discussion of the site check out the wonderful Monastic Ireland website .
References
http : //www.monastic.ie/tour/askeaton-franciscan-friary/
Save
Save
Image caption Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer said it would publish a twice-yearly transparency report
Yahoo is the latest company to reveal its dealings with the US authorities , following revelations about the Prism surveillance programme .
It said it had received between 12,000 and 13,000 US government requests for user data in the past year and a half .
Most of them had `` concerned fraud , homicides , kidnappings , and other criminal investigations '' , it said .
Yahoo voiced frustration that it was unable to reveal the number of requests that had concerned national security .
It urged the government to `` reconsider its stance on this issue '' .
`` Like all companies , Yahoo can not lawfully break out Fisa [ Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ] request numbers at this time because those numbers are classified , '' it said in a blog post by chief executive Marissa Mayer and general counsel Ron Bell .
Under pressure
FISA is widely seen as the legislation under which Prism operated .
Earlier in the week Twitter also said it was important to be able to publish numbers of national security requests .
And Google said lumping police requests with national security requests was `` a step back for users '' .
Tech firms have been under pressure to disclose information about data passed to the National Security Agency ( NSA ) since the Guardian and Washington Post revealed the existence of Prism - a programme giving the NSA access to user data held on the servers of tech firms including Microsoft , Yahoo , Google , Facebook , PalTalk , AOL , and Apple .
The NSA later confirmed the existence of the surveillance scheme as well as a separate phone-records programme , which it said had helped it thwart terrorist plots in the US and more than 20 other countries .
Rebuilding trust
Technology companies , which initially denied any knowledge of the Prism project , are now rushing to rebuild trust from users shocked at the idea that their data was viewable by the authorities .
Yahoo laid out plans to publish a twice-yearly global transparency report , the first of which will be issued `` later this summer '' .
`` Democracy demands accountability , '' the blog said .
`` We appreciate - and do not take for granted- the trust you place in us . ''
Other companies have been quick to rebut suggestions they simply hand over data whenever asked .
`` Only if appropriate , we retrieve and deliver the narrowest possible set of information to the authorities , '' said Apple .
Facebook 's general counsel Ted Ullyot said : `` We aggressively protect our users ' data when confronted with such requests ; we frequently reject such requests outright , or require the government to substantially scale down its requests , or simply give the government much fewer data than it has requested . ''
So far disclosures have revealed :
This article is about the Linux distribution . For other uses , see Fedora ( disambiguation )
Fedora is a Linux distribution developed by the community-supported Fedora Project and sponsored by Red Hat . [ 9 ] Fedora contains software distributed under various free and open-source licenses and aims to be on the leading edge of such technologies . [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] Fedora is the upstream source of the commercial Red Hat Enterprise Linux distribution . [ 13 ]
Since the release of Fedora 21 , three different editions are currently available : Workstation , focused on the personal computer , Server for servers , and Atomic focused on cloud computing . [ 14 ]
As of February 2016 , Fedora has an estimated 1.2 million users , [ 15 ] including Linus Torvalds , creator of the Linux kernel . [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
Features [ edit ]
Fedora has a reputation for focusing on innovation , integrating new technologies early on and working closely with upstream Linux communities . [ 12 ] [ 18 ] Making changes upstream instead of specifically for Fedora ensures that the changes are available to all Linux distributions .
Fedora has a relatively short life cycle : each version is usually supported for at least 13 months , where version X is supported only until 1 month after version X +2 is released and with approximately 6 months between most versions . [ 19 ] Fedora users can upgrade from version to version without reinstalling . [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
The default desktop environment in Fedora is GNOME and the default user interface is the GNOME Shell . Other desktop environments , including KDE Plasma , Xfce , LXDE , MATE and Cinnamon , are available and can be installed . [ 22 ] [ 23 ]
Package management [ edit ]
Most Fedora editions use the RPM package management system , using DNF as a tool to manage the RPM packages . [ 24 ] DNF uses libsolv , an external dependency resolver . [ 24 ] Flatpak is also supported by default , and support for Ubuntu 's snaps can also be added . Fedora uses Delta RPM when updating installed packages to provide Delta update . A Delta RPM contains the difference between an old and new version of a package . This means that only the changes between the installed package and the new one are downloaded reducing network traffic and bandwidth consumption .
The Fedora Atomic Host edition uses rpm-ostree [ 25 ] , a hybrid transactional image/package system to manage the host . Traditional DNF ( or other systems ) should be used in containers .
Security [ edit ]
Fedora uses Security-Enhanced Linux by default , which implements a variety of security policies , including mandatory access controls , which Fedora adopted early on . [ 26 ] Fedora provides hardening wrapper , and does hardening for all of its packages by using compiler features such as position-independent executable ( PIE ) . [ 27 ]
Software [ edit ]
Fedora comes preinstalled with a wide range of software such as LibreOffice and Firefox . Additional software is available from the software repositories and can be installed using the DNF package manager or GNOME Software .
Additionally , extra repositories can be added to the system , so that software not available in Fedora can be installed easily . [ 28 ] Software that is not available via official Fedora repositories , either because it does n't meet Fedora 's definition of free software or because its distribution may violate US law , can be installed using third-party repositories . Popular third-party repositories include RPM Fusion free and non-free repositories . Fedora also provides users with an easy-to-use build system for creating their own repositories called Copr . [ 29 ]
Since the release of Fedora 25 , the operating system defaults to the Wayland display server protocol , which replaced the X Window System . [ 30 ]
Editions [ edit ]
Editions of Fedora
Beginning with Fedora version 21 , it is available as three distinct primary editions : [ 31 ]
Fedora Workstation – It targets users who want a reliable , user-friendly , and powerful operating system for their laptop or desktop computer . It comes with GNOME by default but other desktops can be installed or can be directly installed as Spins .
– It targets users who want a reliable , user-friendly , and powerful operating system for their laptop or desktop computer . It comes with GNOME by default but other desktops can be installed or can be directly installed as Spins . Fedora Server – Its target usage is for servers . It includes the latest data center technologies . This edition does n't come with a desktop environment , but one can be installed . From Fedora 28 , Server Edition will deliver Fedora Modularity , [ 32 ] adding support for alternative update streams for popular software such as Node.js and Golang .
– Its target usage is for servers . It includes the latest data center technologies . This edition does n't come with a desktop environment , but one can be installed . From Fedora 28 , Server Edition will deliver Fedora Modularity , adding support for alternative update streams for popular software such as Node.js and Golang . Fedora Atomic – It provides a minimal image of Fedora which includes just the bare essentials . It is meant for deployment in cloud computing . It provides Fedora Atomic Host images which are optimized minimal images for container uses .
Components of Fedora editions
A Live USB drive can be created using Fedora Media Writer or the dd command . [ 33 ] It allows users to try Fedora without making changes to the hard disk .
Labs [ edit ]
Similar to Debian blends , the Fedora Project also distributes custom variations of Fedora called Fedora Labs . [ 34 ] These are built with specific sets of software packages , targeting specific interests such as gaming , security , design , [ 35 ] robotics , [ 36 ] [ 37 ] and scientific computing [ 38 ] ( that includes SciPy , Octave , Kile , Xfig and Inkscape ) .
The Fedora AOS ( Appliance Operating System ) was a specialized spin of Fedora with reduced memory footprint for use in software appliances . Appliances are pre-installed , pre-configured , system images . This spin was intended to make it easier for anyone ( developers , independent software vendors ( ISV ) , original equipment manufacturers ( OEM ) , etc . ) to create and deploy virtual appliances .
Spins [ edit ]
The Fedora project distributes different variations called `` Fedora Spins '' [ 39 ] which are Fedora with different Desktop Environments ( GNOME is the default desktop environment ) . The current spins , as of Fedora 28 , that are featured on the official Fedora site are Fedora KDE , Fedora XFCE , Fedora LXQT , Fedora Mate-Compiz , Fedora Cinnamon , Fedora LXDE , and Fedora SOAS .
Architectures [ edit ]
x86-32 , x86-64 and ARM-hfp are the primary architectures supported by Fedora . [ 5 ] Pidora [ 40 ] and FedBerry [ 41 ] are specialized Fedora distributions ( Remixes ) for the Raspberry Pi , now the Fedora ARM [ 42 ] support the Raspberry Pi as well as other ARM and SBC devices . [ 43 ] As of release 26 , Fedora also supports ARM AArch64 , IBM Power64 , IBM Power64le , IBM Z ( `` s390x '' ) , MIPS-64el , MIPS-el , RISC-V as secondary architectures .
Fedora 28 was the last release that supported ppc64 and users are advised to move to the little endian ppc64le variant . [ 7 ]
Alternatives [ edit ]
The Fedora Project also distributes several other versions [ 44 ] with less use cases than mentioned above , like network installers and minimal installation images . They are intended for special cases and/or expert users that want to have custom installations or configuring Fedora from scratch .
History [ edit ]
The name of Fedora derives from Fedora Linux , a volunteer project that provided extra software for the Red Hat Linux distribution , and from the characteristic fedora hat used in Red Hat 's `` Shadowman '' logo . Warren Togami began Fedora Linux in 2002 as an undergraduate project at the University of Hawaii , [ 45 ] intended to provide a single repository for well-tested third-party software packages so that non-Red Hat software would be easier to find , develop , and use . The key of Fedora Linux and Red Hat Linux was that Fedora 's repository development would be collaborative with the global volunteer community . [ 46 ] Fedora Linux was eventually absorbed into the Fedora Project , carrying with it this collaborative approach . [ 47 ]
Fedora Linux was launched in 2003 , when Red Hat Linux was discontinued . [ 48 ] Red Hat Enterprise Linux was to be Red Hat 's only officially supported Linux distribution , while Fedora was to be a community distribution . [ 48 ] Red Hat Enterprise Linux branches its releases from versions of Fedora . [ 49 ]
Before Fedora 7 , Fedora was called Fedora Core after the name of one of the two main software repositories - Core and Extras . Fedora Core contained all the base packages that were required by the operating system , as well as other packages that were distributed along with the installation CD/DVDs , and was maintained only by Red Hat developers . Fedora Extras , the secondary repository that had been included since Fedora Core 3 , was community-maintained and not distributed along with the installation CD/DVDs . Upon the release of Fedora 7 , the distinction between Fedora Core and Fedora Extras was eliminated . [ 50 ]
Since the release of Fedora 21 , as an effort to modularize the Fedora distribution and make development more agile , [ 51 ] [ 52 ] three different versions are available : Workstation , focused on the personal computer , Server and Atomic for servers , Atomic being the version meant for cloud computing . [ 14 ]
Fedora is a trademark of Red Hat , Inc. Red Hat 's application for trademark status for the name `` Fedora '' was disputed by Cornell University and the University of Virginia Library , creators of the unrelated Fedora Commons digital repository management software . [ 53 ] The issue was resolved and the parties settled on a co-existence agreement that stated that the Cornell-UVA project could use the name when clearly associated with open source software for digital object repository systems and that Red Hat could use the name when it was clearly associated with open source computer operating systems . [ 54 ]
Development and Community [ edit ]
The core values of the Fedora community
Development of the operating system and supporting programs is headed by the Fedora Project , which is composed of a community of developers and volunteers , and also Red Hat employees . [ 55 ] The Council is the top-level community leadership and governance body . Other bodies include the Fedora Engineering Steering Committee , responsible for the technical decisions behind the development of Fedora , and Fedora Mindshare Committee which coordinates outreach and non-technical activities , including representation of Fedora Worldwide e.g . : Ambassadors Program , CommOps team and Marketing , Design and Websites Team . [ 56 ]
Releases [ edit ]
Fedora Core 1 with GNOME version 2.4 ( 2003-11 )
Fedora version 15 , the first release with GNOME 3 and GNOME Shell . ( 2011-05 )
Fedora has a relatively short life cycle : version X is supported only until 1 month after version X +2 is released and with approximately 6 months between most versions , meaning a version of Fedora is usually supported for at least 13 months , possibly longer . [ 19 ] Fedora users can upgrade from version to version without reinstalling . [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
The current release is Fedora 29 , which was released on 30 October 2018 . [ 2 ]
Version ( Code name ) [ 57 ] Release [ 57 ] End-of-life [ 58 ] Kernel [ 59 ] [ a ] GNOME [ 59 ] Old version , no longer supported : 1 ( Yarrow ) 2003-11-05 2004-09-20 2.4.22 2.4 Old version , no longer supported : 2 ( Tettnang ) 2004-05-18 2005-04-11 2.6.5 2.6 Old version , no longer supported : 3 ( Heidelberg ) 2004-11-08 2006-01-16 2.6.9 2.8 Old version , no longer supported : 4 ( Stentz ) 2005-06-13 2006-08-07 2.6.11 2.10 Old version , no longer supported : 5 ( Bordeaux ) 2006-03-20 2007-07-02 2.6.15 2.14 Old version , no longer supported : 6 ( Zod ) 2006-10-24 2007-12-07 2.6.18 2.16 Old version , no longer supported : 7 ( Moonshine ) 2007-05-31 2008-06-13 2.6.21 2.18 Old version , no longer supported : 8 ( Werewolf ) 2007-11-08 2009-01-07 2.6.23 2.20 Old version , no longer supported : 9 ( Sulphur ) 2008-05-13 2009-07-10 2.6.25 2.22 Old version , no longer supported : 10 ( Cambridge ) 2008-11-25 2009-12-18 2.6.27 2.24 Old version , no longer supported : 11 ( Leonidas ) 2009-06-09 2010-06-25 2.6.29 2.26 Old version , no longer supported : 12 ( Constantine ) 2009-11-17 2010-12-02 2.6.31 2.28 Old version , no longer supported : 13 ( Goddard ) 2010-05-25 2011-06-24 2.6.33 2.30 Old version , no longer supported : 14 ( Laughlin ) 2010-11-02 2011-12-08 2.6.35 2.32 Old version , no longer supported : 15 ( Lovelock ) 2011-05-24 2012-06-26 2.6.38 3.0 Old version , no longer supported : 16 ( Verne ) 2011-11-08 2013-02-12 3.1 3.2 Old version , no longer supported : 17 ( Beefy Miracle ) 2012-05-29 2013-07-30 3.3 3.4 Old version , no longer supported : 18 ( Spherical Cow ) 2013-01-15 2014-01-14 3.6 3.6 Old version , no longer supported : 19 ( Schrödinger 's Cat ) 2013-07-02 2015-01-06 3.9 3.8 Old version , no longer supported : 20 ( Heisenbug ) 2013-12-17 2015-06-23 3.11 3.10 Old version , no longer supported : 21 [ 61 ] 2014-12-09 2015-12-01 3.17 3.14 Old version , no longer supported : 22 2015-05-26 2016-07-19 4.0 3.16 Old version , no longer supported : 23 2015-11-03 2016-12-20 4.2 3.18 Old version , no longer supported : 24 2016-06-21 2017-08-08 4.5 3.20 Old version , no longer supported : 25 2016-11-22 2017-12-12 4.8 3.22 Old version , no longer supported : 26 2017-07-11 2018-05-29 4.11 3.24 Old version , no longer supported : 27 2017-11-14 [ 62 ] 2018-11-30 4.13 3.26 Older version , yet still supported : 28 2018-05-01 [ 63 ] 4.16 3.28 Current stable version : 29 2018-10-30 [ 64 ] 4.18 3.30 Future release : 30 2019-04-30 [ 65 ] Legend : Old version Older version , still supported Latest version The Latest preview version Future release
^ [ 60 ] At the time of release . Supported releases are often updated to the latest stable version of the Linux kernel .
Rawhide [ edit ]
Rawhide is the development tree for Fedora . [ 66 ] This is a copy of a complete Fedora distribution where new software is added and tested , before inclusion in a later stable release . As such , Rawhide is often more feature rich than the current stable release . In many cases , the software is made of CVS , Subversion or Git source code snapshots which are often actively developed by programmers . Although Rawhide is targeted at advanced users , testers , and package maintainers , it is capable of being a primary operating system . Users interested in the Rawhide branch often update on a daily basis and help troubleshoot problems . [ 66 ] Rawhide users do not have to upgrade between different versions as it follows a rolling release update model .
See also [ edit ]
Joost Oppenheim plays with Solomon Oppenheim , the youngest of their 13 grandchildren . Joost , two of their four children and seven of their grandchildren , including Solomon , decided to become German citizens . ( Julie Zauzmer/The Washington Post )
Joost Oppenheim came into the world stateless .
They had no choice : Born in the Netherlands to refu­gees from Nazi Germany , both the country of their birth and the country of their ancestry refused them citizenship .
Eighty-one years later , Oppenheim and their family have a choice , but the decision is so wrenching that it has left relatives across three generations arguing about the ethics of identity .
The question for the Oppenheims : Should they accept citizenship from Germany , the nation that tried to exterminate them ?
Joost Oppenheim , along with thousands of American Jews in the past few years , said yes .
“ Did it involve forgiveness ? ” the Rockville , Md. , resident said of their decision to become a dual citizen at age 81 . “ In a sense , it does . Becoming a German means I can identify , to some extent , with them . ”
Although some of the younger members of their family have also sought German citizenship , others are n't ready to forgive .
[ ‘ Jew . ' Why does the word for a person of my religion sound like a slur ? ]
Since 1949 , Germany has offered citizenship to Jews who fled Germany or were deported to concentration camps from 1933 to 1945 , and any of their direct descendants . Until recently , few American Jews were inclined to accept it .
But from 2000 to 2014 , the number of Jewish Americans naturalized annually increased more than 16-fold , driven primarily by a younger generation more than 70 years removed from the horrors of the Holocaust .
In 2000 , 42 Americans were naturalized under the law . The numbers gradually crept up until 2008 when , coinciding with the financial crisis , 514 Americans were naturalized as German citizens . The embassy thinks , but is unable to prove , that these Americans may have become more interested in a second passport as the economy at home got shakier .
In 2013 and 2014 , the most recent years for which the German Embassy could provide statistics , more than 700 Americans were naturalized each year .
[ In their 80s and 90s , three Jewish women finally become bat mitzvahs ]
The German law excludes most Jews persecuted in the Holocaust , who largely lived in other countries that Germany invaded during World War II . According to a German census , about half a million people in Germany were Jewish in 1933 , out of 67 million residents .
More than 200,000 people around the world have been naturalized since 1949 under the law , the German Embassy in Washington said .
Consul General Holger Scherf has witnessed four naturalization ceremonies during the past year , each one welcoming about 10 new citizens .
“ For us it 's a very positive thing , that they are wanting to be German citizens , ” Scherf said . As the new citizens sit in a conference room named for Friedrich von Prittwitz , a diplomat who quit rather than serve under Hitler , Scherf always asks them why they chose to pursue citizenship .
“ The young ones do n't have any negative feelings . For them that 's history ; that 's past , ” said Scherf , who is not Jewish .
[ Venice 's Jewish ghetto is turning 500 . Is it ever time to celebrate oppression ? ]
Steven Windmueller , a professor at Hebrew Union College in Los Angeles who studies Jewish American attitudes , noted that the Holocaust still tops the list when pollsters ask young Jews what defines their Jewish identity .
But although postwar generations boycotted German products for decades — refusing to buy a German car is still so common that comedian Sarah Silverman wrote a profane song about it — millennial young adults have dropped some of those customs .
“ I think that the Holocaust remains very powerful , but that 's separate from their looking at Germany in its modern and contemporary form , ” Windmueller said . “ They 're more open to accepting German products , German citizenship , German culture . ”
[ I accidentally hired an Orthodox rabbi for my father 's funeral — and they were great ]
Although a desire to reclaim family roots also plays a role , these young Jews want the benefits of a second passport — the ability to live and work anywhere in the European Union . By far the most common reason they give for pursuing naturalization , Scherf says , is that they want to pursue higher education in Europe , where a degree is often cheap or even free for citizens .
That is what first got Oppenheim thinking . Their 16-year-old granddaughter Ezri White is starting to look ahead to college , and they learned they could study cheaply in Europe , said their mother , Emia Oppenheim . “ In a very cavalier manner , they brought the idea to my dad : ‘ Hey , you could get this citizenship back . ' ”
Oppenheim 's grandchildren know their story . They have heard them tell their Hebrew school classes how their parents left Germany thinking that they would be safe in Holland , and when the Nazis invaded they had to hand their children to a Catholic couple who raised them under false names . Oppenheim was 8 and their brother was 4 . For two years , they lived in terror that their secret would be found out .
Meanwhile , their parents went into hiding . When they were caught , they went to concentration camps . Oppenheim 's mother survived Theresienstadt ; their father perished at Auschwitz .
Joost Oppenheim still has the yellow star that they were forced to wear after the Nazis invaded Holland . ( Julie Zauzmer/The Washington Post )
Oppenheim 's grandchildren know what came after the war for him , too : a new home in the United States in 1946 ; four children and 13 grandchildren ; a career for 52 years as a researcher at the National Institutes of Health ; friendships with scientists from all over the world , including Germany ; an ongoing , decades-long closeness with the Dutch family that saved him .
As they talked to their father in their Potomac , Md. , kitchen last week , Oppenheim 's son Monty , 52 , said that when Ezri first brought up the idea of becoming a German citizen at 81 , “ I think you thought they were joking . ”
But the more Joost considered it , the more their granddaughter 's idea appealed to him . Becoming a German citizen would reflect their current perspective : The Germans they know today are cognizant of their history and should not be held responsible for the deeds of their grandfathers .
“ I do n't think crimes against humanity are inherited , ” they said .
Monty and Emia decided to seek citizenship for themselves and their children , too — Monty 's four and Emia 's three , ranging in age from 2 to 16 . The embassy asked for proof of their family background , and was happy to help them dig up the records .
[ Not what I expected from my interfaith marriage : One teen is Christian , the other Jewish ]
In a family that suddenly includes 10 German citizens across three generations , not everyone bought in .
Matthew Oppenheim , another of Joost 's sons , wanted nothing to do with it . “ His willingness to see Germany as something different now from what it was then ? I 'm not sure I would so easily grant them clemency for what they did , ” Matthew , 49 , said recently , sitting across the table from their father at a family dinner .
“ It took me a long time . It was not easy , ” Joost said . Matthew and Monty both say they have seen their father 's struggle and their evolution : For decades , they rarely spoke about their childhood ordeal , and only spoke of Germany with anger .
Matthew said they disagree with their father and siblings that it is time to accept German citizenship . “ What they did in terms of reparations I still find inexcusable . As a lawyer , what they paid to people who had been harmed would not be acceptable in any court of law , ” they said . “ I still bear a grudge . ”
Germany has spent an estimated $ 100 billion , adjusted for inflation , compensating survivors and their heirs . But more claimants were still fighting in court into the 21st century .
To Matthew , the offer of citizenship seems like a grab for publicity by Germany , at least in part : “ They love the fact that they could take a picture with my father and say he 's now a German citizen . ”
Monty was ambivalent . “ I had some anxiety with this , obtaining a passport , citizenship in Germany , ” they said . “ There 's this nagging fear in the back of my head . This is not like getting a scuba-diving license . ”
They chose citizenship , but he 's still not sure why . “ The benefits are pretty minimal , ” they said . Yes , their children could study in Europe — but they would n't want them to go that far from home . The best they can come up with is that if they take a family trip abroad , they 'll get cheaper tickets to museums .
Emia , who lives in Columbus , Ohio , sees their new citizenship as symbolic , not just practical . “ It was an opportunity as well as justice . It was time . Germany has done so much to repair and remember , that I think it was also recognition of that . ”
Edna Friedberg , a historian at the U.S . Holocaust Memorial Museum , said some families such as the Oppenheims find meaning in connecting with their past by pursuing German citizenship .
“ New generations do n't want their family legacy to be only about victimization , ” Friedberg said .
Many others , though , fear that if Jews move on , the Holocaust will not loom so large in the public consciousness .
That 's what Matthew worries about , now that their father is a German citizen .
“ I think all survivors and family of survivors fear the world forgetting what happened . I would hate that this is one step further along the path of forgetting , ” Matthew said . “ You can view this as a process of healing , or a process of forgetting . That 's in the eyes of the beholder . ”
Joost responds : “ Inevitably , the younger generation will forget . ”
But at the other end of the table , Emia 's 13-year-old son , Kaleb White , has n't forgotten . And they intend to ensure that the next generation does n't either .
Kaleb became a bar mitzvah this year , and then a German citizen . They said they were glad to be naturalized because they saw it as an honor for their grandfather — but they would n't call themselves German .
“ As long as there 's still anti-Semitism in the world , then the Holocaust needs to be remembered . People need to know how far it went before , ” they said .
Aware of their grandfather 's harrowing past and the opportunities their new passport affords him , Kaleb is focused on the future . They know why the Holocaust matters : “ For my kids , who will be Jewish . ”
Want more stories about faith ? Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter .
‘ Together ' is a modern-day revival : Hip-hop on the Mall , without politics
Come for a Jigglypuff ; stay for Jesus : Church in the age of Pokémon Go
The jokes that Muslim comedians hope will bring down Donald Trump
Save
Save
Modernity requires the willingness to be offended . And as anti-American violence across the Middle East and beyond shows , that willingness is something the Arab world , the heartland of Islam , still lacks .
Time and again in recent years , as the outside world has battered the walls of Muslim lands and as Muslims have left their places of birth in search of greater opportunities in the Western world , modernity — with its sometimes distasteful but ultimately benign criticism of Islam — has sparked fatal protests . To understand why violence keeps erupting and to seek to prevent it , we must discern what fuels this sense of grievance .
There is an Arab pain and a volatility in the face of judgment by outsiders that stem from a deep and enduring sense of humiliation . A vast chasm separates the poor standing of Arabs in the world today from their history of greatness . In this context , their injured pride is easy to understand .
In the narrative of history transmitted to schoolchildren throughout the Arab world and reinforced by the media , religious scholars and laypeople alike , Arabs were favored by divine providence . They had come out of the Arabian Peninsula in the 7th century , carrying Islam from Morocco to faraway Indonesia . In the process , they overran the Byzantine and Persian empires , then crossed the Strait of Gibraltar to Iberia , and there they fashioned a brilliant civilization that stood as a rebuke to the intolerance of the European states to the north . Cordoba and Granada were adorned and exalted in the Arab imagination . Andalusia brought together all that the Arabs favored — poetry , glamorous courts , philosophers who debated the great issues of the day .
If Islam 's rise was spectacular , its fall was swift and unsparing . This is the world that the great historian Bernard Lewis explored in their 2002 book “ What Went Wrong ? ” The blessing of God , seen at work in the ascent of the Muslims , now appeared to desert them . The ruling caliphate , with its base in Baghdad , was torn asunder by a Mongol invasion in the 13th century . Soldiers of fortune from the Turkic Steppes sacked cities and left a legacy of military seizures of power that is still the bane of the Arabs . Little remained of their philosophy and literature , and after the Ottoman Turks overran Arab countries to their south in the 16th century , the Arabs seemed to exit history ; they were now subjects of others .
The coming of the West to their world brought superior military , administrative and intellectual achievement into their midst — and the outsiders were unsparing in their judgments . They belittled the military prowess of the Arabs , and they were scandalized by the traditional treatment of women and the separation of the sexes that crippled Arab society .
Even as Arabs insist that their defects were inflicted on them by outsiders , they know their weaknesses . Younger Arabs today can be brittle and proud about their culture , yet deeply ashamed of what they see around them . They know that more than 300 million Arabs have fallen to economic stagnation and cultural decline . They know that the standing of Arab states along the measures that matter — political freedom , status of women , economic growth — is low . In the privacy of their own language , in daily chatter on the street , on blogs and in the media , and in works of art and fiction , they probe endlessly what befell them .
But woe to the outsider who ventures onto that explosive terrain . The assumption is that Westerners bear Arabs malice , that Western judgments are always slanted and cruel .
In the past half-century , Arabs , as well as Muslims in non-Arab lands , have felt the threat of an encircling civilization they can neither master nor reject . Migrants have left the burning grounds of Karachi , Cairo and Casablanca but have taken the fire of their faith with them . “ Dish cities ” have sprouted in the Muslim diasporas of Western Europe and North America . You can live in Stockholm and be sustained by a diet of al-Jazeera television .
We know the celebrated cases when modernity has agitated the pious . A little more than two decades ago , it was a writer of Muslim and Indian birth , Salman Rushdie , whose irreverent work of fiction , “ The Satanic Verses , ” offended believers with its portrayal of Islam . That crisis began with book-burnings in Britain , later saw protests in Pakistan and culminated in Iran 's ruling cleric , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , issuing a fatwa calling for Rushdie 's death in 1989 . The protesters were not necessarily critics of fiction ; all it took to offend was that Islam , the prophet Muhammad and their wives had become a writer 's material . The confrontation laid bare the unease of Islam in the modern world .
The floodgates had opened . The clashes that followed defined the new terms of encounters between a politicized version of Islam — awakened to both power and vulnerability — and the West 's culture of protecting and nurturing free speech . In 2004 , a Moroccan Dutchman in their mid-20s , Mohammed Bouyeri , murdered filmmaker Theo van Goghon a busy Amsterdam street after van Gogh and a Somali-born politician made a short film about the abuse of women in Islamic culture .
Shortly afterward , trouble came to Denmark when a newspaper there published a dozencartoons depicting the prophet Muhammad ; in one they wear a bomb-shaped turban , and another shows them as an assassin . The newspaper 's culture editor had thought the exercise would merely draw attention to the restrictions on cultural freedom in Europe — but perhaps that was naive . After all , Muslim activists are on the lookout for such material . And Arab governments are eager to defend Islam . The Egyptian ambassador to Denmark encouraged a radical preacher of Palestinian birth living in Denmark and a young Lebanese agitator to fan the flames of the controversy .
But it was Syria that made the most of this opportunity . The regime asked the highest clerics to preach against the Danish government . The Danish embassies in Damascus and Beirut were sacked ; there was a call to boycott Danish products . Denmark had been on the outer margins of Europe 's Muslim diaspora . Now its peace and relative seclusion were punctured .
The storm that erupted this past week at the gates of American diplomatic outposts across the Muslim world is a piece of this history . As usual , it was easily ignited . The offending work , a 14-minute film trailer posted on YouTube in July , is offensive indeed . Billed as a trailer for “ The Innocence of Muslims , ” a longer movie to come , it is at once vulgar and laughable . Its primitiveness should have consigned it to oblivion .
It was hard to track down the identities of those who made it . A Sam Bacile claimed authorship , said that they were an Israeli American and added that 100Jewish business people had backed the venture . This alone made it rankle even more — offending Muslims and implicating Jews at the same time . ( In the meantime , no records could be found of Bacile , and the precise origins of the video remain murky . )
It is never hard to assemble a crowd of young protesters in the teeming cities of the Muslim world . American embassies and consulates are magnets for the disgruntled . It is inside those fortresses , the gullible believe , that rulers are made and unmade . Yet these same diplomatic outposts dispense coveted visas and a way out to the possibilities of the Western world . The young men who turned up at the U.S. Embassies this week came out of this deadly mix of attraction to American power and resentment of it . The attack in Benghazi , Libya , that took the lives of four American diplomats , including Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens , appeared to be premeditated and unconnected to the film protests .
The ambivalence toward modernity that torments Muslims is unlikely to abate . The temptations of the West have alienated a younger generation from its elders . Men and women insist that they revere the faith as they seek to break out of its restrictions . Freedom of speech , granting license and protection to the irreverent , is cherished , protected and canonical in the Western tradition . Now Muslims who quarrel with offensive art are using their newfound freedoms to lash out against it .
These cultural contradictions do not lend themselves to the touch of outsiders . President George W. Bush believed that America 's proximity to Arab dictatorships had begotten us the jihadists ' enmity . Their military campaign in Iraq became an attempt to reform that country and beyond . But Arabs rejected their interventionism and dismissed their “ freedom agenda ” as a cover for an unpopular war and for domination .
President Obama has taken a different approach . They were sure that their biography — the years they spent in Indonesia and their sympathy for the aspirations of Muslim lands — would help repair relations between America and the Islamic world . But he 's been caught in the middle , conciliating the rulers while making grand promises to ordinary people . The revolt of the Iranian opposition in the summer of 2009 exposed the flaws of their approach . Then the Arab Spring played havoc with American policy . Since then , the Obama administration has not been able to decide whether it defends the status quo or the young people hell-bent on toppling the old order .
Cultural freedom is never absolute , of course , and the Western tradition itself , from the Athenians to the present , struggles mightily with the line between freedom and order . In the Muslim world , that struggle is more fierce and lasting , and it will show itself in far more than burnt flags and overrun embassies .
outlook @ washpost.com
Fouad Ajami , a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Hoover Institution , is the author of “ The Syrian Rebellion ” and “ Dream Palace of the Arabs : A Generation 's Odyssey . ”
Read more from Outlook :
Why the 2012 election wo n't change U.S. Middle East policy
Mitt Romney is n't out to make the world swoon
Five myths about the Arab Spring
Friend us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Stepping barefoot on a Lego is one of life 's greatest profanity-inducing moments , but a new toy on kids ' Christmas lists this year could top the list of most hated toys by parents .
Parents claim that the interlocking , squishy building balls called Bunchems are getting stuck in their kids ' hair with a Velcro vise-like grip , requiring hours of pulling , detangling and sometimes even cutting to get them out .
“ If there 's a bunch that get stuck , it 's impossible to get them out without cutting them , ” said Tonya Lindholm , a manager and stylist at Kids Hair in Woodbury who started seeing kids with Bunchems stuck in their hair two weeks ago .
According to parents on social media , Rainbow Looms , Polly Pockets , and toys with glitter and noise have nothing on Bunchems .
Amazon.com reviewer Ethan Benoit referred to Bunchems as “ A Toy Spawned From the Darkest Depths of hell . ”
“ I just spent the last TWO AND A HALF hours ( absolutely , 100 percent not an exaggeration ) attempting to remove 14 of these bastard balls out of my daughter 's hair , ” they wrote . “ Buy this toy for someone if you hate them or their child . ”
The toy resembles colorful little cockleburs and acts like them too , sticking to each other and anything they come in contact with .
The creative things kids can build with them are endless . Bunchems not only made Target 's top holiday toy list this year , but is up for the industry award for best activity toy of the year .
Angry parents , on the other hand , are calling them the worst toy of the year . They have taken to social media to warn others by posting photos , videos and reviews on retailer websites .
A review from MN Mom on Amazon.com said : “ If anyone in your house has hair with any length at all , do not buy these ! They are very similar to Velcro , and mixed with even medium length hair , they create a nightmare ! ”
Blaine dad Neil Sjostrom said if anyone buys their kids Bunchems , they 'll be returned to the store .
“ I have enough things to pick out of my daughter 's hair , ” they said .
Local toy store chain Creative Kidstuff considered carrying Bunchems but ultimately decided to pass , said Roberta Bonoff , president and CEO . “ We thought it was an expensive product for the play value it delivered , ” they said .
The Bunchems mega-pack that contains 400 pieces is $ 19.99 on Target 's website .
In August , Spin Master posted a tutorial on YouTube advising parents to remove Bunchems from hair with hair conditioner or vegetable oil and combing . The video has been viewed more than 370,000 times .
And we thought gum in the hair was bad .
As for stepping on those pesky Legos ?
A French company has invented Lego slippers to protect sensitive feet from this torturous sensation .
Adobe believes in Flash on mobiles . But it believes in HTML5 too , and it would like the world to know that these two beliefs are not mutually exclusive .
On Thursday , at a press event in San Francisco , the company announced that over 20 million smartphones now ship with Flash Player 10.1 , and that it hopes to push the player onto another 112 million devices , including tablets , by the end of the year . But it was quite careful to point out that it 's working to facilitate the development of HTML5 applications as well .
And by HTML5 , it means HTML5 , CSS , JavaScript , and other stuff that 's not really HTML5 . Nowadays , that 's common terminology .
`` Over the years ... what we 've focused our investments on at the runtime level is Flash , '' said David Wadhwani , executive and senior vice president for Adobe 's Creative and Interactive Solutions . `` But this is the first time we 've actually gotten involved and said we want to advance the HTML runtime itself . ''
Most notably , Adobe is contributing to the open source jQuery Mobile project , an effort to create a touch screen–happy framework for building mobile applications across platforms . It 's based on the jQuery JavaScript and user-interface libraries . `` We 're working very closely with the jQuery organization , '' Wadhwani said . `` We 're doing a lot to help them create mobile components and to help them create the capacity to develop more interactive and more engaging animation experiences . ''
Wadhwani and company see jQuery Mobile as the ideal framework for building truly cross-platform HTML5 apps . `` When you look at our customer base that 's doing HTML development , jQuery is the top framework that people are using , '' Wadhwani said . `` We 've looked at a number of frameworks ... we want to make sure that HTML – and jQuery in particular – can give you the productivity gains that are necessary , to make it something that a broad base of developers and designers can leverage , as opposed to just the tip of the spear . ''
Adobe has also contributed advanced typographical-layout code to the WebKit project , the basis for Apple 's Safari , Google 's Chrome , and so many other browsers . The company already shipped HTML5-centric packs for its Dreamweaver and Ilustrator authoring tools . And it has demonstrated several prototypes of future HTML5 authoring tools , including one that converts Flash graphics and animation into HTML5 .
As Adobe man John Nack puts it : `` This is n't about one technology ( HTML , Flash ) 'vs . ' another ; it 's about putting customers , and the solutions to their problems , ahead of any technology . So , let 's stick a fork in the 'Adobe does n't like/does n't support HTML5 ' canard once and for all . Can I get an amen ? ''
Yes , all this is yet more reaction to Steve Jobs ' version of reality , which paints Flash and HTML as mortal enemies . Clearly , there are places where Flash and HTML5 do come into conflict – most notably on video . But even this is more complicated than it seems . Google is pushing hard for HTML5 video , but It 's pushing just as hard to keep Flash alive .
Like Google – like any company , for that matter – Adobe will do whatever it believes will make it the most money . `` Adobe lives or dies by its ability to help customers solve real problems . That means putting pragmatism ahead of ideology , '' they say . `` Adobe makes its money selling tools , not giving away players . Let 's help people target whatever media they need , as efficiently as possible . ''
It 's unclear what Adobe intends to do with jQuery beyond merely contributing code . But it 's contributing nonetheless . Open source code delivered with an eye towards good PR is still open source code . ®
Update : This story has been updated to remove a suggestion that Adobe does not use WebKit . WebKit is used in its AIR runtime .
Spread the love
Facebook 's notorious censorship — which has included takedowns of iconic images like the Vietnam War 's ‘ Napalm Girl ' to the arrest of Rosa Parks to a photograph of a classical statue of Venus — reached a whole other level of absurd recently , when the platform suspended God 's account .
God , a religious satire profile , had the nerve to write a post critical of spending priorities of the bellicose United States , stating :
“ Dear Americans :
Stop making your military so damn huge and give people medicine and education because you 're sick and stupid .
Thanks ,
God . ”
Apparently , according to writer Dan Arel , Americans were none-too happy with the critique — the post received such a massive , vitriolic response , algorithms automatically banned God for 30 days .
“ FB banned Me for 30 days for having an opinion on military spending , ” they attempted to explain to followers in a post .
But the “ The Good Lord Above ” had already lost posting privileges — everywhere on Facebook .
Although the account frequently draws the ire of Facebook users who either view the profile as blasphemous to their religion or disparaging of their country — God often criticizes American imperialism — the suspension over what amounts to an uncomfortable truth speaks to increasingly oppressive censorship .
“ I posted this opinion on the day it was announced that Obamacare will be defunded and 24 million people will lose their healthcare , ” said the verified account holder , who wished only to be known as ‘ God . ' “ The opinion goes viral , gaining over 100,000 likes and 15,000 shares . A few hundred people disagree with the opinion . Rather than move on , or even use the ‘ angry ' reaction face , what do they do ? They report the opinion as being offensive . ”
Facebook 's attempts to pacify the perpetually-offended under the pretense of combating hate speech have , indeed , spawned the contempt of free speech advocates as a perilous foray into censorship of dissenting or unpleasant opinion .
Noticeably laden with irony , the suspension of God 's profile over a simple criticism evinces a factious pattern by the social media behemoth of censoring anything deemed ‘ offensive ' by a minority of users .
Although the account tends toward the satirical , God has been known to cast aspersions against political policies they feel untenable to the poor and underprivileged — perhaps exactly as would be expected from a religious ‘ being . '
“ This is not the first 30-day ban I 've ever gotten so unjustly , ” God noted , adding they find fault with President-elect Donald Trump 's intention to defund Obamacare . “ Obviously , it 's a machine algorithm . Obviously , my opinions are not for everyone . But I have just as much a right to speak My Mind as Orange Hitler does . ”
That , of course , speaks to the politically-charged atmosphere currently gripping America and further widening what already appears to be an insurmountable cleft between supporters of the incoming administration and , well , various factions opposed .
“ The same people who love that Trump speaks their mind on Twitter are the same people who freaked out about the Tweet I posted and reported it as offensive , ” God keenly observed .
Unfortunately , those most vociferously in disagreement have used Facebook 's growing number of report options to censor their opposition — but that is n't the only issue . Obtuse algorithms — what God suspects responsible for their ban — have automatically removed posts not at all in violation of the platform 's Terms of Service or Community Standards .
Facebook 's algorithms have even banned the Conservative prime minister of Norway , Erna Solberg , who posted the Pulitzer Prize-winning photograph by Nick Ut of naked Kim Phuc running from a napalm attack on a Buddhist monastery during the Vietnam War — an image widely credited with fomenting opposition to American involvement in the conflict .
Facebook has also removed the iconic image of Rosa Parks being fingerprinted after being arrested for refusing to move to the back of a bus during the Civil Rights movement .
More recently , the platform 's ignominious algorithms censored a photograph of the 16th-century statue of Neptune in the Italian city of Bologna 's Piazza del Nettuno .
However , the removal of those images and bans of those who dared post the photographs — performed variously by algorithms and human content curators — denote a slightly different issue than that faced by the satirical deity .
God seems to have been banned after perhaps a few hundred users took offense to the criticism of U.S. spending and flooded Facebook with reports — triggering the automatic suspension .
That portends the heavy-handed suppression will only continue , much to the consternation of those who champion the statement most often attributed to Voltaire , which reads :
“ I disagree with what you say , but I will defend to the death your right to say it . ”
For God , the ban over criticizing the government 's priorities is exasperating and all-too-telling of larger issues . As they put it ,
“ Humans are sick and stupid and they make God go crazy . ”
[ UPDATE ] It now appears Facebook has come to its senses — since the publication of this article , ‘ God ' had their ban lifted and has begun posting once again .
The brand-new Allen & Heath Xone:23C has been presented in countless preview videos and smaller reviews , all mentioning the main features of this great device . I have just obtained mine . There are some important details to know about , which are not mentioned in the documentation and in the reviews I have found so far . I want to share these non-obvious technical details with you , particularly regarding the USB sound hardware that is built into the Xone:23C .
The Xone:23C is a true 3+3 channel mixer
The Xone:23 ( without the C ) is a 2+2 channel mixer , with two main channels , whereas each main channel can be fed from two analogue sources that have an independent gain control . Still , Chris Brackley from DJ TechTools found that the Xone:23 has too few input options with only two true stereo line inputs , because the other two stereo inputs are made for low voltage ( phono ) input devices and can not be switched to line level without hacking the device . The Xone:23C adds two USB audio stereo channels to the mix which can be fed via USB , rendering the Xone:23C to effectively be a 3+3 channel mixer . However , the Internet resources available so far and especially the manual do not explain explicitly how to toggle between USB and line/phono sound . The most obvious observation is that there is no switch to toggle .
The circuit diagram at the end of the manual explains the behavior . I have taken a screenshot from the relevant part and labeled a few components :
The USB audio is processed and converted ( to an analogue signal ) by the USB sound card block shown in the diagram . This block has two stereo outputs ( send 1+2 and send 3+4 ) . I have marked these two stereo channels with blue arrows . This is where your USB audio starts its way into the mixer after being converted to an analogue signal .
The important thing now are the summing amplifiers which I have labeled with green circles ( what looks like an M or W actually is a capital Greek sigma , a symbol commonly used for summation ) . The circuit diagram tells us that each main channel mixes the stereo signals from phono , from line , and from USB , in equal parts . Phono and line have their distinct hardware gain controls on the mixer for controlling the mix ratio . Such a control is missing for the USB audio stream . But it is not needed : the volume of the USB audio can easily be controlled digitally , in the source ( your computer ) .
One of the first things I tried when I got the mixer was to attach a line device and USB audio at the same time to the same main channel . Indeed , both audio sources are mixed into each other , and the loudness of the line signal and the USB signal can be set independently . Hence , the Xone:23C is a true 3+3 channel mixer . No need to toggle between line/phono and USB .
Keep the digital master output low enough !
Obviously , I choose to mix externally with the Xone:23C , using the ASIO drivers for transporting the audio signal from within Traktor to the USB sound card in the mixer . For tracks that are mastered quite loudly , the default master output volume of Traktor is too high , already clamping the signal , and going into the reds on the VU-meter on the mixer . Add some EQ effects or some HPF/LPF with resonance , and your signal becomes horribly distorted . I found that with a Traktor master output volume set to somewhere between -5 dB and -10 dB , the Xone:23C meters stay around 0 dB most of the time for normal parts of most tracks I listened to , whereas the signal increases to at most +6 dB for especially loud parts in a song , or when some effects are added .
If you are using any music player for playing audio on the mixer not through ASIO , but through the normal audio driver of your operating system , I found that a master volume of about 60 % to 70 % is sufficiently low enough for not clamping the signal . If this is set to 100 % , as it usually is , you are already in the reds . Bad .
USB audio from the mixer to the computer .
The USB sound card in the Xone:23C provides two output stereo channels ( from the computer into the mixer ) and to input stereo channels ( from the mixer into the computer ) . The usage of the output channels is obvious : get sound into the mixer . Each of the two input channels plays a special role , this information is rather hidden in the manual . The mixer has an analogue stereo RCA record output , for capturing the main mix into an analogue recording device . USB input channels 1 and 2 are the same , just digitally . Hence , you can easily use your computer to record the master output of the Xone:23C , with no additional hardware and through the same USB cable that is connecting the mixer to your computer anyway . This is great .
The mixer also has an analogue effects unit stereo output . USB input channels 3 and 4 are the same , just digitally . Hence , you can use software for capturing this input ( e.g . in Ableton ) , generate a corresponding effect output , and feed this one back into the FX input of the Xone:23C . The latter , however , requires additional hardware ( another sound device that generates an analogue signal ) , because there is no digital FX input into the mixer .
Recording only works through ASIO so far
There seems to be one caveat with the USB recording function , at least on Windows . The Xone:23C presents a Line-In WDM recording device , for recording the master mix . However , I was not able to access this device with another software simultaneously playing back through ASIO . Playback and recording only seem to work simultaneously through the ASIO interface .
Audacity ( and many other popular open source tools ) does not support ASIO ( ASIO is a proprietary interface and GPL-licensed software must legally not be binary-distributed with ASIO support built-in ) . On the other hand , Audacity could record through the Xone:23C Line-In WDM device . However , as stated above , this can not be accessed if e.g . Traktor at the same time feeds the Xone:23C with audio data through ASIO . In other words , Audacity can not be used for recording the master mix through the Xone:23C WDM Line-In device , while having Traktor playback through the Xone:23C ASIO interface . Opening the WDM device in this scenario results in an error , saying that the device can not be accessed . What works , indeed , is recording via the Xone:23C ASIO driver through e.g . Traktor or other commercial software .
Recording the master mix from within Traktor , however , is not totally straight-forward . One needs to define an external input source for a normal track deck ( e.g . deck A ) . This input source must be the channels 1+2 from the Xone:23C ASIO input . As long as you do not switch deck A to be of type “ live deck ” , this input effectively is a no-op input ( it does not end up in the output again ) . Now , you can switch to external recording mode , and choose deck A as input source . Do n't worry , deck A still behaves as a normal track deck , it is just mis-used for this workaround .
Issues with playback on one of my platforms
I have tested the Xone:23C 's internal ASIO sound hardware with two laptops . Both have Windows 7 Professional installed . One is 64 bit architecture and operating system , the other is 32 bit architecture and operating system . I have installed the ASIO drivers from here , specifically the 32 bit version for the 32-bit OS/laptop , and the 64 bit version for the 64-bit OS/laptop . On the 64-bit system , the audio chain ( playback software - > ASIO driver - > USB audio interface ) behaves as expected . On the 32-bit system I have observed infrequent crackling sounds in the output .
The 32-bit system is a fresh and clean Windows operating system install , and the driver is the “ Xone:23C Windows 32bit Driver V2.9.65 ” . I tried different setups , all without success . Important examples that I tried :
Foobar audio player to Xone:23C audio WDM device with small and large buffer sizes
Traktor 2.6.8 output to Xone:23C ASIO driver , with small and large buffer sizes
Traktor 2.6.8 output to ASIO4ALL driver , with small and large buffer sizes
In all cases , the crackling appears and seems to be independent of the buffer size . The crackling is not very prominent , it appears roughly every 10 seconds , and is rather quiet . I tried different USB ports , re-installing the driver , and a couple of other things , but could not get rid of the cracks . The same Xone:23C attached to the 64 bit machine works perfectly . My 32 bit laptop has an Intel P8800 CPU , i.e . it is definitely not too weak , and playback from Foobar right to the WDM device does not require much CPU power at all . It could be a problem with the 32 bit driver ( I have submitted a support ticket to A & H ) , but it could also be a certain quirk of this specific platform , where one of the drivers ( e.g . ACPI or USB ) is leading to high latencies . I have to further investigate . It would be great if you could report whether you got the Xone:23C USB audio properly working on a 32-bit Windows system .
Among academics who track the behavior of young adults and teens , there 's a touchy debate : Should the word “ entitled '' be used when talking about today 's younger people ? Are they overconfident in themselves ?
Jean Twenge , author of the book “ Generation Me , '' is in the middle of the discussion . The San Diego State University psychology professor has made a career out of finding data that they say show that college students and others their age are more self-centered — narcissistic , even — than past generations . Now she 's turned up data showing that they also feel more superior about themselves than their elders did .
“ There are some advantages and some disadvantages to self-esteem , so having some degree of confidence is often a good thing , '' says Twenge . But as they see it , there 's a growing disconnect between self-perception and reality .
“ It 's not just confidence . It 's overconfidence . ''
And that , they say , can pose problems , in relationships and the workplace — though others argue that it 's not so easy to generalize .
“ If you actually look at the data , you ca n't just condense it into a sound bite . It 's more nuanced than that , '' says John Pryor , director of the UCLA Cooperative Institutional Research program , which produces an annual national survey of hundreds of thousands of college freshmen on which Twenge and their colleagues based their latest study .
That study was recently published online in the British journal Self and Identity .
Among other things , Twenge and their colleagues found that a larger percentage of incoming college freshmen rated themselves as “ above average '' in several categories compared with college freshmen who were surveyed in the 1960s .
When it came to social self-confidence , about half of freshmen questioned in 2009 said they were above average , compared with fewer than a third in 1966 . Meanwhile , 60 percent in 2009 rated their intellectual self-confidence as above average , compared with 39 percent in 1966 , the first year the survey was given .
In the study , the authors also assert that intellectual confidence may have been bolstered by grade inflation , noting that in 1966 , only 19 percent of college students who were surveyed earned an A or A-minus average in high school , compared with 48 percent in 2009 .
“ So students might be more likely to think they 're superior because they have been given better grades , '' Twenge says .
Statements like that can set off the generational firestorm .
Young people are quick to feel picked on — and rightly so , says Kali Trzesniewski , an associate professor at the University of California , Davis .
“ People have been saying for generations that the next generation is crumbling the world , '' Trzesniewski says .
In their research , they say , she 's been hard-pressed to find many differences when comparing generations — and little evidence that an increase in confidence has had a negative effect .
Many bosses and others in the workplace have long asserted that recent college students often arrive with unreasonably high expectations for salary and an unwillingness to take criticism or to pay their dues .
“ But a lot of them have a confidence that we wished we had , '' says psychologist Jeffrey Arnett , a research professor in the psychology department at Clark University in Massachusetts .
They do n't object to Twenge 's findings . But they add : “ I disagree with using those findings as a way to promote these negative stereotypes of young people . ''
They say those stereotypes also overshadow positive trends related to young people .
“ If you look at the patterns in young people 's behavior , all the news is good , pretty much . Crime is down and rates of substance abuse are down , way down . Rates of all kinds of sexual risk-taking . . . are down . ''
You also ca n't look at factors such as self-confidence and feelings of superiority without considering other findings that balance out those traits , says Pryor from UCLA . Look , for instance , at community service , they say .
In 1990 , when the question was first asked in the survey , about 17 percent of college freshmen said there was a very good chance that they would participate in public service in college . In 2010 , nearly a third of freshmen said the same .
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company .
SAGINAW , MI
— The Saginaw Spirit has confirmed that a body found in a vehicle Tuesday , March 11 , is that of
.
Trafford was missing for more than week when their vehicle was discovered in the parking lot of Walmart , 5825 Brockway , in Saginaw Township .
A Michigan State Police trooper spotted the vehicle and found a male body inside sometime before 5 p.m. Police had not yet confirmed the identity of the deceased man as they worked to inform family members of their death .
Before 8:30 p.m. Tuesday , amid a flurry of social media activity surrounding the case ,
identifying Trafford as the deceased .
`` Our deepest condolences are with Terry 's family and their friends both in Ontario and Michigan , '' the statement said . `` Terry played on our team and was a member of the Spirit family for the last four years and they will be missed . ''
Trafford had last been seen Monday , March 3 , at The Dow Event Center , where the Spirit practice and play home games .
Trafford 's girlfriend , Skye Cieszlak , said
`` on Sunday , March 2 . Cieszlak said Trafford was `` devastated '' after the Spirit sent them home because of rule violations .
No cause of death has been released .
Cieszlak , 21 , spoke with police at the scene where Trafford 's body was found . They met Trafford when the two attended Heritage High School together . Trafford graduated from the Saginaw Township school in 2012 .
The Saginaw Spirit statement said the team has been in contact with Trafford 's family in Toronto .
`` In addition , we met with team players and staff this evening , along with our Team Chaplain , '' the statement read .
The Spirit thanked law enforcement officials for their help in searching for Trafford .
Growing up in Toronto , Trafford excelled in hockey and boxing . They jumped in the ring at age 10 , and , at 13 , they won a provincial championship , national championship and placed fourth at a world championship event in Kansas .
They also grew into a high-level Ontario Hockey League prospect , playing midget minor hockey for the Mississauga Reps . They knew they would have to choose between the sports .
Their decision was made when the Saginaw Spirit picked them in the third round of the 2010 OHL Priority Selection .
— Jessica Shepherd is a reporter with MLive/The Saginaw News . Contact them at 989-996-0687 , email them at jessica_shepherd @ mlive.com or follow them on Twitter or Facebook .
As Liberia struggles to contain the deadliest Ebola outbreak on record , health workers say that fear of the disease , and the stigma of being identified as a possible carrier , is creating a hostile environment for those seeking treatment .
That terror was on display on Monday in the Liberian capital , Monrovia , where at least 270 people have already died of the illness , when a man suspected of having the disease wandered out of a treatment center and sowed panic in a nearby market .
The incident , which was captured on video by witnesses , showed the man , wearing a medical bracelet , being confronted by angry and worried bystanders . They were then surrounded by health workers in yellow protective suits from the international medical group Doctors Without Borders , who eventually bundled them into the back of a pickup truck and returned them to the clinic .
Sophie-Jane Madden , a press officer for the medical aid group — which was founded in Paris in 1971 as Médecins Sans Frontières and is often referred to by the French initials M.S.F . — said in a telephone interview from Monrovia that the man had become disoriented while waiting for an evaluation at the group 's new clinic for patients suspected of having Ebola . After they were brought back from the market and given further medical treatment , they were eventually discharged .
As a Chinese-American from California currently living in Hong Kong , I am about as blessed as possible to be able to cover gadgets . After all , the world 's most important software and apps all come from northern Cali ( an hour 's flight from my home ) , while almost all the hardware ( and some very crucial apps and software , too ) are built in Shenzhen ( an hour 's train ride from my other home ) .
While the average consumer in the west may still think of Chinese tech companies as copycats , that mentality is outdated and , quite frankly , ignorant . China 's tech companies have gone from followers to innovation leaders in their respective fields in record time .
( Take Xiaomi , for example . The company 's products may have started out as a bit of an iPhone ripoff , but not anymore : its new bezel-less phone makes the recent Apple and Google phones look clunky and primitive )
The latter is why Wired magazine and Financial Times called Shenzhen `` The Silicon Valley of Hardware , '' and why Apple will soon open an R & D hub there .
It 's also why I began making regular trips across the border -- because there 's just so many stories to tell . A week after I visited the headquarters of Meizu , I went back to China and visited the offices of four companies in one day .
1 : Xiro , dronemaker
My first visit of the day was to the offices of Xiro , China 's second-largest drone maker ( behind the world-leading DJI ) , located at the futuristic looking Shenzhen Hi-Tech Park in the Nanshan district of the city . This is where several of the biggest Chinese tech companies are located , and the view from Xiro 's office inside CES tower offers an expansive view that overlooks the offices of Lenovo , ZTE , and Tencent .
The latter , actually , backed Xiro in a joint-project this past January .
Xiro 's first release , the quadcopter drone dubbed Xplorer ( 2,499 RMB , aka $ 383 ) , garnered rave reviews from serious drone users for its industrial design , flying height of 120 meters and strong wind-resistance . But to appeal to the average Joes , the company followed with a smaller , cheaper drone , named the Xplorer Mini . This was the one I got to fly .
Unlike the `` professional '' Xplorer , which is operated with a remote control , the Mini is operated with a smartphone . Within a few seconds of syncing , I was flying the thing inside Xiro 's office ... with a lot of help from Zheng Jianhong , creative director of Xiro .
The Mini is designed to fly indoors safely , Zheng said , explaining the drone 's indoor positioning system .
`` Basically , it shoots an ultrasonic sonar that tracks the drone 's position in relation to the floor , '' they said .
But why would one want to fly a drone indoor ? Well , Xiro wants the Mini to be something people use when they need to take selfies at , say , a party or a bar . Seriously , the company 's marketing the Mini as `` The Ultimate Selfie Drone . ''
`` The Mini 's got a 13-megapixel camera , with a f/2.8 aperture , and it shoots videos at 1080p at 30 frames per second , '' Zheng says , running off a list of stats . To make a long story short , the camera is good enough to capture photos of you and your friends from odd angles . Who needs a selfie stick when you have a drone ?
A much better use of the Mini , in my opinion ( I hate selfies ) , is to use it to track your skateboard/bicycle ride . The software engineers at Xiro have developed an image recognition algorithm ( Xiro 's drones uses Qualcomm chips ) . Once it 's locked on , it 'll follow you wherever you go . Sort of like that killer drone from Furious Seven .
Xiro 's got more products coming out this year , including the Maverick , a really powerful , fully spec'ed out pro drone that will sell for $ 1,000 .
`` We kind of have a different type of drone for everyone , '' Zheng said .
2 : Yunmai , pushing for a healthy lifestyle
Next up I visited Yunmai , a small startup producing smart scales that measure not just weight , but BMI ( body mass index ) , bone mass , water percentage , bodyfat percentage and visceral fat . The latter two are very important , and something that most people overlook .
When the average Joe think of getting into shape , they tend to just focus on shredding weight . Conversely , many people mistake higher weight with being fat . The reality is , dropping bodyfat percentage and visceral fat is far more important . The former measures your overall percentage of your body that is fat , and the latter is fat stored inside your abdominal cavity , which can obstruct organs , making this type of fat far more dangerous than , say , a double chin or flabby arms . Often , newbie excercisers just look at the number on a traditional scale to determine if their days/weeks of workouts have been effective , when they should be focusing on adding muscle and lowering their bodyfat percentage .
Currently , Yunmai has two product lines , the main Yumai line , and the Color line . Functionally , they actually do the same thing -- track bodyfat with Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis -- but the main line is made of ITO advanced conductive coating , while the Color is just tempered glass , according to Yunmai 's overseas operations specialist , who goes by the name Jemmy .
Of course , this would n't be a smart scale without an app , and Yunmai 's designers have crafted a colorful software interface filled with bubbly cartoon avatars . When I stepped on the scale after syncing , results showed up on my phone in real time . Like wearables such as Fitbit , the Yunmai app encourages users to step on the scale every day to keep track of process . It even has animations for if you 've gained or lost fat .
Sadly , the results told me I have to step away from the keyboard and excercise more .
3 : 700Bike , pushing for a smart cycling culture
Headquartered in Beijing with a R & D department in Shenzhen , 700Bike is another startup with a product that seems similar to what 's already on the market , but with a new IoT twist . The company specializes in crafting foldable , lightweight bicycles with a tracker and a digital display built in . That means cyclists can see not just distance traveled , but also calories burned and miles/km-per-hour when cycling . The bike also has an integrated Bluetooth and GPS setup for real time location and data logging . All of this is powered by a self-recharging power system that requires no charging . No wonder , then , the company won a Red Dot Design award this year .
But none of this would matter if the bike did n't ride well . I only did a brief test indoors ( that means I did n't get to go full speed or make sharp turns ) , but the bike passed the eye test . Unlike typical folding bikes , the frame looks clean when in riding form , without very clunky visible hinges . The bike is surprisingly light at around 25 pounds , and my brief time riding was pleasant .
I will do a more in-depth testing next time I visit , but 700 Bikes is a company that 's obviously in love with cycling culture . In fact , its founder Zhang Xiangdong quit their job as president of a Nasdaq-listed tech company to start 700Bike .
`` We 're named 700Bike because [ Zhang ] wakes up at 7am everyday to cycle , '' explained a rep for the company . `` And they hope other will take up this cycling lifestyle . ''
The company 's bikes are mostly sold in China right now , but I think a recent collaboration with Muji may help the company expand to other countries .
4 : Vivo , the third-largest phonemaker in China
Those who follow the smartphone industry have probably heard of Vivo , which , along with Oppo , came out of nowhere to overtake Xiaomi as China 's third and second largest phonemaker respectively ( the top dog is still Huawei ) . But here 's an open secret that everyone in China knows ( but the west may not ) : Oppo and Vivo are owned by the same company , BBK Electronics .
My visit to the Vivo office was very brief , but I did get the chance to ask a marketing person at Vivo why there 's a need for Vivo and Oppo to exist as two different companies .
`` Well , even though we 're owned by the same people , we actually work completely separately , '' they said . `` There 's almost a rivalry of sorts between us . We do n't interact . ''
They added that the two brands tend to take different approach to making handsets .
`` Oppo is more aggressive at chasing futuristic tech , '' they added . `` Vivo is more conservative and tend to stick with what works . ''
For example , Oppo 's F1 phone was marketed as `` selfie expert '' and came with a dedicated LED flash for the front-facing camera . Its N1 was the first phone with a rotating camera . It also made strong pushes to boost charging speed . Like Vivo 's marketing person said , pushing for innovation .
Vivo , meanwhile , focused on putting out solid phones that often ran better . Its X5 Play was the world 's first phone with 6GB of RAM built in ( the OnePlus 3 soon followed suit ) , making for one of the fastest devices of 2016 .
The rise of Vivo ( and Oppo ) in China is ironic , in that , instead of going the online sales route ( which Xiaomi excelled in ) , the companies focused on selling at stores .
`` You ca n't make that many profits selling online , '' said Nick Xu , founder of independent PR firm Beeep . `` Oppo and Vivo have much more of a brand presence in stores . ''
Another source tells me that in China , stores have grown resentful of phone companies that sell online , because it forces retailers to cut prices to match . So when a brand like Vivo sells almost exclusively offline , stores are willing to push its product .
According to data by research firm IDC , Vivo shipped 14.7 million phones in the second quarter of this year alone , good for a 13 % market share in China , a 74.7 % growth from 2015 .
The Vivo rep said the company 's focused on entering the smart home for 2017 .
Three years after their last album – Ghost People – Martyn joins the Ninja Tune family to present their third long player . Universally respected for their ever-evolving , but inimitable sound , the Dutch-born , Washington DC-based producer brings an entirely new sonic direction with The Air Between Words . This is an exploration of the essence of all of Martyn 's music : a rugged four-to-the-floor groove , intelligently sculpted and artfully composed .
Three years after their last album – Ghost People – Martyn joins the Ninja Tune family to present their third long player . Universally respected for their ever-evolving , but inimitable sound , the Dutch-born , Washington DC-based producer brings an entirely new sonic direction with The Air Between Words . This is an exploration of the essence of all of Martyn 's music : a rugged four-to-the-floor groove , intelligently sculpted and artfully composed .
Where Great Lengths - their 2009 debut - was a body of work that explored Martyn 's uncategorizable versatility , and 2011 's Ghost People ( via Brainfeeder ) was a focused effort on writing an album with a specific sound , The Air Between Words came from a different realm altogether . Martyn had no parameters , and in fact no plan at all . They fell into a back-to-basics mentality where simple experimentation with purely analogue sounds and equipment inadvertently turned to melodic sketches , and without warning the album revealed itself .
“ Every album signifies a period in your life , and finishing one shows you something about yourself , ” says Martyn about the experience . “ Without the music being introspective , this is my most natural sounding album . ”
The Air Between Words opens coyly with the panoramic sonics of `` Forgiveness Step 1 '' - a beatless but nonetheless authoritative statement of intent - before pitching headlong into pure dancefloor territory . Lean , raw , powerful productions predominate - gloriously brash , occasionally beautiful , but always vigorously hypnotic , sensitively swung and utterly irresistible .
Martyn joins forces with Kieran Hebden aka Four Tet for `` Glassbeadgames '' , a powerhouse of a track that finds the perfect amalgamation of both producers ' fortés . Heavy kicks , UKG-esque percussion and swirling subs dictate the groove , whilst the melodic progressions are simultaneously melancholic and anthemic , and further enhanced by a Hebden trademark thumb piano motif .
Another collaboration - `` Love of Pleasure '' - finds Martyn partnering with their good friend copeland ( formerly known as Inga Copeland , or one half of art pop duo Hype Williams ) . Them fragile vocal cuts through distorted piano riffs and swathes of broken synths , a fitting centerpiece for the album before it returns to its essence via `` Forgiveness Step 2 '' , `` Like That '' and `` Two Leads and a Computer '' , which distinctly draw from a 90s Warp heritage ( Sweet Exorcist , LFO and Autechre ) but bizarrely sound like they 've been beamed from the future . After the Afro-tinged elegance of `` Lullaby '' , the final piece word belongs to `` Fashion Skater '' : a dark , earthy , almost Zen-like exercise in house music in its purest form .
Stylistically and sonically , Martyn stands apart from their counterparts . Their music incorporates vintage references but is steadfastly forward-facing at the same time . He 's always done that . Their sound is heritage and future - and that character has elevated them alongside fellow electronic heavyweights such as Four Tet , Kode9 , dBridge and Mark Pritchard .
Four rookie quarterbacks have gained starting jobs this NFL season : Oakland 's Derek Carr , Jacksonville 's Blake Bortles , Minnesota 's Teddy Bridgewater and Tennessee 's Zach Mettenberger . I would caution right at the outset here that the sample size we have on each of those four QBs is too small to be making any determining judgments , but what we 've seen in their statistics and on-field performance can tell us something .
As an evaluator of an NFL team that is starting a rookie quarterback , you are n't expecting too much , to be very honest . What you 're hoping to see is improvement from start to finish , in two key areas :
Mechanics : This includes foot placement , arm placement , delivery and weight transfer . But perhaps most importantly , it involves how well a rookie QB does at maintaining their mechanics over the course of the season after he 's taken a lot of hits , because rookie QBs are going to be hit a lot more than veteran QBs . The excess hits are the product of two factors : They do n't know how to get the ball out as quickly , and defenses will blitz them a lot more to create confusion and turnovers .
How they handle themselves : How do they command the huddle ? How do they handle being under duress ? How do they conduct themselves as professionals ? How do they bounce back from failure ?
What you 're looking to be able to say at the end of the season is that the arrow is pointing up and that a rookie QB is progressing physically and mentally -- even if it 's only a little bit . Your rookie quarterback can have a rough year statistically -- and most of the time they will -- but you want to see that they got better as the season went on .
Here are a few of my thoughts on the four rookie quarterbacks mentioned above , followed by a look at the next steps in the development process of a young QB .
Carr
Derek Carr , Oakland Raiders
The first thing that many will notice about Carr is that they have the arm to make all the NFL throws , but what has also stood out to me this year has been their leadership . They have n't been flustered when things have gone wrong , and let 's face it , many , many things have gone wrong for the 0-10 Raiders .
IBM is preparing to give third parties access to its Watson supercomputer with the aim of spurring the growth of applications that take advantage of the system 's artificial intelligence capabilities .
Watson , which is derived from IBM 's DeepQA project , drew worldwide attention in 2011 after it soundly defeated human opponents on the Jeopardy ! game show .
IBM has been applying Watson 's machine learning -- or `` cognitive computing '' -- technology to domains such as health care , but now the company is ready to share Watson with the broader world .
`` We 've been developing , evolving and maturing the technology , '' said Rob High , an IBM fellow who serves as CTO of Watson , in an interview . `` It 's stable and mature enough to support an ecosystem now . We 've become convinced there 's something very special here and we should n't be holding it back . ''
Watson has `` come a long way '' since the Jeopardy ! competition , High said . IBM decided to focus on health care initially because of the industry 's `` particularly challenging '' linguistic qualities . `` We thought if we could master that , it would open the door for other domains , '' they said .
Watson is also now a dramatically smaller piece of hardware . The Jeopardy ! implementation involved a 2,900 core system with 15TB of RAM . But now , a basic Watson configuration has been between 16 and 32 cores with 256GB of RAM , according to High . IBM can chain these smaller Watson boxes together as needed for greater scale , they added .
Other improvements include support for additional document types as well as the ability to recognize more elements within those documents , such as embedded tables . Watson can fine-tune the way it answers questions as well , High said .
On Jeopardy ! the problems are posed as answers and contestants must reply in the form of a question . `` In the real world , people want simple noun-and-phrase answers , '' they said .
IBM is initially working with a handful of partners on the Watson cloud service , and each is developing specialized applications .
Fluid is creating a Watson-powered program for retail . `` The model is to have a running dialogue between the consumer and Watson , '' which helps them make more informed buying decisions , High said .
The Watson cloud will include a development toolkit , access to Watson 's API ( application programming interface ) , educational material and an application marketplace . IBM also plans to work with venture capitalists to find startups that want to build software on Watson .
Interacting with Watson is fairly straightforward for any programmers familiar with RESTful APIs , High said . Their real focus should be on understanding the fundamental difference Watson offers compared to past programming platforms .
`` Cognitive systems are different in that they have the ability to simulate human behavior , '' they said . `` For the most part humans have had to adapt to the computer . As we get into cognitive systems we open up the aperture to the computer adapting to the human . ''
Some details of the upcoming Watson cloud service , such as those involving pricing , have yet to be finalized .
Chris Kanaracus covers enterprise software and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service . Chris ' email address is Chris_Kanaracus @ idg.com
January 7 , 2017 ; Seattle , WA , USA ; Seattle Seahawks running back Thomas Rawls ( 34 ) runs the ball in for a touchdown against the Detroit Lions during the second half in the NFC Wild Card playoff football game at CenturyLink Field . Mandatory Credit : Steven Bisig-USA TODAY Sports
Seahawks are never afraid to take chances
Do you know what Doug Baldwin , Michael Bennett and Thomas Rawls have in common besides being members of the Seahawks ? Of course you do . All three players went undrafted the year they came out of college . Seattle started the 2016 season with 24 undrafted players on the 53-man roster . While some teams sign undrafted free agents and hope the player will make some kind of impact , the Seahawks expects UDFAs to take important roles on the team .
With that said , here is a list of Seattle 's 2017 undrafted free agent signings , with their expected roles assuming they make the final cut .
The eight undrafted free agents signed
Algernon Brown , FB . Blocking back , much in the mold of Marcel Reece . Brown had just 16 carries as a senior at Brigham Young , but had over 700 yards rushing and 11 touchdowns as a junior , so they can do more than block .
Skyler Howard , QB . He 's mobile and is what the NFL likes to think of as undersized at 5'11 ” . Threw for 26 TD and ran for another 10 at West Virginia their senior season . Very gutsy kid , what coaches love to call “ just a real football player ” .
Jeremy Liggins , OT . Liggins has played TE and even a little QB in a wildcat formation . Yes , he 's 6 ' 3″ and 303 pounds , so forget it , he 's a tackle .
Otha Peters , LB . From Louisiana-Lafayette , the Rajun ' Cajun had 11 tackles for a loss and chipped in two sacks as a senior . At 6 ' 0″ and 238 pounds they have the size but lacks the height the NFL likes . You know , just like Bobby Wagner .
Darreus Rogers , WR . From the Sunbelt Conference we move to USC . Rogers has great hands , but is said to lack both deep speed and crisp routes . Job one is catching the ball , so they could stick in the slot .
Jordan Roos , OG . They could be the steal of the undrafted free agents . Out of Purdue , Roos hit 41 reps in the bench press , six more than any other offensive lineman . They also made 43 starts in college . In the Big 10 . That 's experience .
Tyrone Swoopes , TE . Swoopes played their entire career at Texas as a QB , of course , 2014 being their best year . They did run fo4 19 scores over their last two seasons out of the wildcat , or 18-wheeler as the Longhorns called it . At 6 ' 4″ and 250 pounds , they have the size , and reportedly their hands are better at catching than throwing .
Nick Usher , LB . From the University of Texas – El Paso where they played DE as a junior , picking up 3.5 sacks and 5 QB hurries . For their senior season Usher dropped behind the line to OLB , and upped their sacks to 5.5 , and threw in 5 QB hurries and 10 tackles for a loss . They led the Miners in all three categories . At 6 ' 3″ and 235 , they figure to stay at OLB .
These eight signings bring the roster to the maximum of 90 players for rookie camp . Odds are good there 's a 2017 version of Michael Bennett or Thomas Rawls here , too .
Ms. Bishop would not reveal further information about the man stopped from traveling Wednesday . They said that about 800 Australian child sex offenders left the country last year , and that almost 40 percent of those failed to notify the authorities .
Image Australia 's foreign minister , Julie Bishop . Credit Rod McGuirk/Associated Press
Child welfare advocates had pushed for the new measure , pointing to a clear pattern of Australian pedophiles traveling to Southeast Asian countries to engage in child sex tourism .
Popular vacation destinations like Thailand , Malaysia and Bali in Indonesia are relatively inexpensive for Australians to fly to , and often have far fewer protections for children . The law comes a little over a year after Robert Ellis , a 71-year-old Australian man , was given a 15-year sentence by the Indonesian authorities for crimes against children .
“ For too long , these predators have traveled overseas undetected , including to countries where weaker laws mean they have opportunities to commit heinous crimes , ” Ms. Bishop said .
Derryn Hinch , a senator in the state of Victoria who has long fought for tougher restrictions on convicted child sex offenders , has previously described the trips as “ child rape holidays . ”
In June , as the bill traveled through Australia 's Parliament before approval , Mr. Hinch said that they would next be setting their sights on sex crimes facilitated through social media .
Frontstretch spoke with # 43-Aric Almirola at Pocono Raceway , discussing their return to NASCAR competition , expectations moving over and the future with Richard Petty Motorsports . Regarding 2018 :
Wolkin : With rumors that you 're leaving the team and bringing Smithfield with you , how do you deal with it ?
Almirola : You ca n't focus on that stuff . You have to focus on driving the racecar . That 's way above my paygrade . That 's all about the front office and for everyone they have working to solidify all of our partners . We want to continue to try to build a better race team and continue to improve . We have a lot of competition in the garage area , and we have to do everything we can to get better . That 's where my focus is .
Wolkin : Do you feel a sense of loyalty to RPM ?
Almirola : They 've been great . Richard 's been great to me and great to work with . We 've really grown our relationship over these last six years . I 've certainly enjoyed every minute of it and I hope it continues for a long time .
Wolkin : So the plan is to continue driving for RPM ?
Almirola : That 's the plan , unless someone wants to tell me otherwise .
-- - Frontstretch -- -
Craig Gordon : Hints at early retirement
The 30-year-old became the most expensive goalkeeper in the history of British football in 2007 when the Black Cats paid Hearts £9m for their services - but their career has since been hampered by several serious injuries .
Two broken arms and the knee problem plagued the latter years of their stay at the Stadium of Light , and they have been without a club this season - seen most recently in a coaching capacity at Dumbarton .
The Scotland international said : `` It 's very unlikely I will be playing again this season . In fact I 'm not sure if I 'll play again , so I 'm looking to get into coaching as I want to remain in the game .
`` I 'm not ruling out playing again , but I need to get things in place if the news is not good in that respect . I 've had a couple of surgeries on it , but it 's definitely not back to 100 per cent yet .
`` Hopefully I can get back to playing with a bit of pain . It 's about getting to a stage where I can get what I need to out of the knee .
`` That 's part of the reason I wanted to go into coaching , you do n't know when the end might come for playing . I 'm certainly not ready to throw in the towel just yet but it 's been a long time and I do n't know where I 'll be going in the future . ''
David Miranda , the partner of Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald , was recently detained for nine hours at London 's Heathrow Airport . They were questioned under a U.K. anti-terrorism law and authorities confiscated their laptop , cellphone and other electronic devices .
British authorities oversaw the destruction of computers and hard drives at the Guardian 's London headquarters in retribution for the outlet 's reporting on Edward Snowden , whose leaks revealed unchecked surveillance programs in the United States and Great Britain .
This is an outrageous attempt to intimidate Greenwald and all journalists who report on national security .
But it 's also just the tip of the iceberg . In recent months , authorities in the U.S. have undertaken a troubling campaign to threaten and intimidate journalists and whistleblowers who try to hold our leaders accountable . The Justice Department has been caught spying on Associated Press journalists and went so far as to label a Fox News journalist a “ co-conspirator ” in a leak investigation .
The DoJ is also threatening to send a New York Times reporter to jail if they refuse to disclose the source of another leak .
And thanks to their own reporting on national security and surveillance , journalist Laura Poitras — who has been working with Glenn Greenwald on the NSA revelations — has been detained by U.S. authorities more than 40 times .
These attacks on the press wo n't stop unless the public raises its voice .
In the end , this is n't about individual journalists or any specific case . It 's about our rights to share information , make media and hold our leaders accountable . It 's about journalists ' role in exposing information our leaders would rather keep hidden .
End the Intimidation : Stop the Attacks on Journalists and Their Families .
`` Did Ted Cruz really want legalization , or did n't he ? ''
Megyn Kelly put that question to the Texas senator after the Fox News GOP debate in Iowa Thursday night .
Kelly was addressing Cruz 's claim that they have never supported legalization for illegal immigrants , which has been hotly contested ever since the CNN debate last month .
During an exchange with Senator Rubio back in December about their past positions on immigration Cruz stated unequivocally , “ I 've never supported legalization , I do not intend to support it . ”
Since then , Cruz-haters have used that claim to paint the Texas senator as a slimy , soulless , dishonest hypocrite because they have allegedly in the past supported a pathway to legal status for illegal immigrants .
During Thursday 's debate , Kelly challenged the Texas senator on their apparent past support for allowing illegal immigrants to gain `` legal status '' but not citizenship .
On a post-debate segment on The Kelly File , Cruz and Kelly continued the discussion . They reminded them that they had recently argued that they had never supported legalization .
Cruz said they introduced a series of amendments to the 1,000-page `` Gang of Eight '' immigration bill and maintained that they never supported the amnesty in the bill .
`` I think the record supports you that you did not want it , '' Megyn admitted . `` It really was a poison pill amendment . ''
But they objected to the `` acting job '' Cruz did in their efforts to sell their amendments .
As I write this , Israel continues to escalate its air attacks on the Gaza Strip , killing more than 100 Palestinians , of whom at least half were civilians ; injuring more than 600 ; and displacing about 2,000 people from their homes . ( The numbers vary widely by source and change by the minute . ) The Israeli military has reportedly mobilized 40,000 reservists so that it can ramp up still further if it so decides . The justification for “ Operation Protective Edge ” is retaliation for rockets shot toward southern Israel , with some landing in Gazan fields , others intercepted by Israel 's Iron Dome system and a few making it in . ( A full accounting is elusive , with varying reports in the media , often short on verifiable facts and long on emotional rhetoric . ) To date , some Israeli property has been damaged , but no casualties and two injuries are reported .
It 's those Palestinian rockets that that are dominating the headlines , and that cause even normally sympathetic progressives to waffle in their condemnations of Israel 's ongoing collective punishment of the 1.7 million people corralled in Gaza . Yet there is very little direct , probing discussion of the topic . Is the line between provocation and retaliation really that clear ? Is the use of violence to fight violence by some Palestinians somehow abnormal or unique ? And what proportion of the population in Gaza is actually involved in the rocket attacks or supports the practice ?
It 's time the peace community engages in this discussion , not just among ourselves but with those for whom the fight for liberation is real rather than academic : the Palestinians of Gaza .
Provocation vs. retaliation
Israel charges , and the media dutifully reports , that the provocateurs are Hamas and other groups in Gaza , typically labeled “ militants ” or “ Islamists ” ( both code words for “ terrorists ” ) , unlike the more noble-sounding “ rebels ” or “ resistance fighters ” of Syria ( which the U.S. government supports ) . But the question of “ who started it ” is not a simple one .
The Gaza Strip has been under Israel 's control in some fashion for 47 years , but with suffocating intensity since 2007 . Israel strictly limits travel in and out ; controls the supplies that come in , including a ban on most construction materials ; and prohibits virtually all exports , thus crippling the economy and triggering one of the highest poverty and unemployment rates in the Arab world . One could call such long-term , repressive conditions a continual provocation . I am reminded of an observation made by Michelle Alexander in their seminal book on mass incarceration of American blacks , The New Jim Crow :
“ The easy answer ( to “ criminal acts ” ) is to wag a finger at those who are behaving badly…But the more difficult answer – the more courageous one – is to say yes , yes we should be concerned about the behavior of men trapped in ghetto communities , but the deep failure of morality is our own…Are we willing to demonize a population , declare a war against them , and then stand back and heap shame and contempt upon them for failing to behave like model citizens while under attack ? ”
In the shorter term , the question of “ who started it first ” depends greatly on when you start the clock . Take any rocket attack from Gaza , and go back in time a few weeks or months . You 'll quickly find an Israeli act of aggression –raids , shootings or abductions . An example : The current rocket fire flared following the mass arrests and nine deaths of Palestinians in the West Bank , committed by Israeli forces in retaliation for the abduction of three Israeli settler youth . In the two weeks before that tragedy , however , Israeli forces abducted 17 teenage Palestinian boys in the occupied West Bank . The youngest was 13 . Some were dragged at gunpoint from their homes and family under cover of dark ; others were seized from the streets in broad daylight .
It 's a game of tit for tat , except one side is the world 's sixth largest arms exporter ( 11th in terms of “ global firepower ” ) and the other an imprisoned slum with a poverty rate of 70 percent .
Palestinian violence in perspective
I respect those in the peace camp who are unilaterally opposed , on principle , to the use of violence , particularly when non-combatants are targeted or treated as “ collateral damage. ” I share their belief that fighting violence with violence only perpetuates and exacerbates a dehumanizing spiral . But history has shown that when there is oppression , some individuals will choose that route ; it 's the norm , not the exception .
Our own American Revolution was certainly far from a non-violent reaction to repression , although the famous pacifist Howard Zinn argued that alternative approaches were not adequately tried . And although the movements for Indian independence and civil rights for South African and U.S. blacks had Mohandas Gandhi , Nelson Mandela and Martin Luther King Jr. , each of those leaders and their followers had counterparts that chose more war-like tactics .
But perhaps the most ironic parallel is the tactics chosen by Jews living in British Mandate Palestine in the 1930s-40s , as they struggled to carve out their own country . The Jewish leadership created the Haganah to guard Jewish farms and kibbutzim . Later , the role of the Haganah ( rather like the Palestinian Fatah party ) changed dramatically . It became a much larger organization , encompassing nearly all the youth and adults in the Jewish settlements , as well as thousands of members from the cities . However , many Haganah fighters objected to the official policy of havlagah ( restraint ) that Jewish political leaders had imposed on the militia . This policy appeared defeatist to many , who believed that the best defense is a good offense . In 1931 , the more militant elements of the Haganah splintered off and formed the Irgun–a group widely labeled a terrorist organization and responsible for the murder of many civilian Palestinians as well as British soldiers . Perhaps their most famous attack was the bombing of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem , which served as headquarters for the British administration . Ninety-one were killed and 46 were injured . One of the Irgun leaders was Menachim Begin , who later became the sixth prime minister of the new state of Israel .
The point : Palestinians should not be held to any higher standard than the rest of the human race . Contrary to popular perception , most Palestinians do not engage in violence . But there always will be some who believe there is no other way .
The people and the rockets
Israel says its massive air strikes and impending ground incursion are meant to eliminate Hamas . But even if you think it is feasible and morally permissible to assassinate an entire party ( one which is made up of different factions , including members who are quite moderate and open to discussion ) , there are 1.7 million people who live in the Gaza Strip . And most are not militant Hamas acolytes . An April 2013 poll by the Jerusalem Media and Communications Center found that more than 80 percent of Palestinians ( including those in Gaza ) supported nonviolent means of resistance against Israeli occupation . Moreover , support for firing rockets from the Gaza Strip at Israel stood at just 38 percent , with the popularity of Hamas at only 20 percent .
Those results fluctuate over time , however , in response to “ facts on the ground. ” For instance , polls in December 2012 found support for both Hamas and rocket resistance on the rise . If presidential elections had been held then , pitting Fatah 's Mahmoud Abbas against Hamas ' Ismail Haniya , the latter would have won , claiming 48 percent of the vote.What had occurred at that time to influence public opinion ? Gaza had just emerged from the “ eight-day war , ” in which Israel pounded the Strip with air attacks . I visited Gaza immediately after the hostilities ended , and support for Hamas was indeed surging , despite the litany of grievances I had heard previously ( and that was quick to return ) . The reason was simple : A people who had lost all sense of “ personal agency ” after more than seven years of blockadeand international failures to enforce laws such as the Fourth Geneva Convention ( which bans collective punishment ) had re-gained a modicum of dignity by fighting back . The same dynamic is repeating now .
Here are just a few of the voices of the young people ( under the age of 25 ) , who make up 65 percent of the population of Gaza and are being shaped by the years of oppression :
“ If history can prove anything , it proves that civil , political and human rights are demanded by those who are deprived , and not granted by those who hold the keys , ” says Mohammed Alhammami , a young man from Gaza now studying at Franklin & Marshall College in Cincinnati , OH . “ The U.S. colonies turned to war to force their British overlords to recognize their independence . The Palestinian case is no different . The only way to stop this cycle is to grant the deprived their civil , political and human rights — justice and equality . Nothing more , and nothing less . ”
Sarah Ali , a teaching assistant at the Islamic University of Gaza and a contributor to the short-story collection , “ Gaza Writes Back , ” agrees : “ Most of us are just filled with anger . Rockets help us keep the little dignity we have , and they show Israel that bombing civilians has consequences . Peace negotiations with Israel have proved futile over and over again . Israel has only expanded its illegal settlements across the West Bank . BDS ( the movement for boycotts , divestments and sanctions ) is excellent , but whether people admit it or not , it 's mostly violence that works with Israel . For instance , the 2012 attack on Gaza stopped , and we got some concessions ( such as an easing of restrictions on fishing and farming ) because Israel asked Egypt to negotiate with Hamas to stop the rockets . ”
Saeed El Housieni , a boy who attends Gaza City 's American International School , adds , “ I personally do not support the idea of facing violence with violence . I do n't support the rockets coming out from Gaza , especially when they 're launched toward highly populated areas , ” says . “ I think that that the best solution would be a truce followed by a recognition of the existence of one another , opening the borders and co-existing together . Yet , we have to do something to change this unlivable situation — which leaves us with the other remaining solution , which is sadly violence . ”
Some Israelis themselves have come to recognize that the true source of their insecurity is not Palestinian rockets , but the occupation . And therein lies a ray of hope :
“ The deterioration is first and foremost a result of the illusion that…the Palestinians will accept everything that 's done to them and wo n't respond , despite the rage and frustration and the worsening economic situation , ” writes Yuval Diskin , the chief of Israel 's internal security agency , the Shin Bet , from 2005 to 2011 , in a Facebook post .
Gideon Levy , a columnist with the Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz , puts it even more bluntly : “ What exactly are 1.5 million people supposed to live on ? Is there anyone who can explain why the blockade , even if partial , of Gaza continues ? Can anyone explain why its future is never discussed ? Did we think that all this would continue and Gaza would accept it submissively ? Anyone who thought so was a victim of dangerous delusions , and now we are all paying the price . ”
Chance The Rapper has been on an incredible tear since dropping their sophomore mixtape Acid Rap just over a year ago , and today their younger brother Taylor Bennett dropped their own sophomore project , titled Mainstream Music . The tape from the young Chicago MC has 14 tracks and contains features from singer Loyale Soule and fellow Chi-town rappers King Louie , Rockie Fresh , Lil Herb and Spenzo .
`` The point of Mainstream Music is make something that never gets old , '' Bennett said in a press release about the project . `` And I feel like that 's exactly what we did , we executed it perfectly . I think everybody 's going to be really shocked on May 4th . ''
Well , May 4th is here , and the tape can be found below .
Previously : Taylor Bennett Featuring King Louie “ New Chevy ”
Taylor Bennett Featuring Loyale Soulё “ Brother Man ( Freestyle ) ”
President Obama will `` guest edit '' Wired magazine 's November issue , the publication and the White House announced Tuesday .
`` We want to wrestle with the idea of how today 's technology can influence political leadership , '' Wired Chief Editor Scott Dadich explained about why they wanted the magazine to collaborate with the president . `` We want to explore how modern thinking and tools can help advance us as a society . And who better to help us explore these ideas than President Obama ? He 's one of the smartest , most thoughtful leaders this country has had in generations . We are thrilled to be working with him . ''
The White House used the announcement to promote an October tech conference it is co-hosting with Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh that will cover topics featured in Wire 's November issue .
`` The conference will focus on building U.S. capacity in science , technology and innovation , and the new technologies , challenges and goals that will continue shape the 21st century and beyond , '' White House staffers John Holdren and Megan Smith wrote in a blog post published Tuesday .
`` Over the past eight years , President Obama has committed their administration to reinvigorating and broadening participation in the American scientific enterprise through a strong commitment to basic and applied research , innovation , modernization and education , '' they stated , adding that the conference is one way to deliver on that promise .
For the first time , scientists have succeeded in growing empty particles derived from a plant virus and have made them carry useful chemicals .
The external surface of these nano containers could be decorated with molecules that guide them to where they are needed in the body , before the chemical load is discharged to exert its effect on diseased cells . The containers are particles of the Cowpea mosaic virus , which is ideally suited for designing biomaterial at the nanoscale .
`` This is a shot in the arm for all Cowpea mosaic virus technology , '' says Professor George Lomonossoff of the John Innes Centre , one of the authors on a paper to be published in the specialised nanotechnology scientific journal , Small .
Scientists have previously tried to empty virus particles of their genetic material using irradiation or chemical treatment . Though successful in rendering the particles non-infectious , these methods have not fully emptied the particles .
Scientists at the John Innes Centre , funded by the BBSRC and the John Innes Foundation , discovered they could assemble empty particles from precursors in plants and then extract them to insert chemicals of interest . Scientists at JIC and elsewhere had also previously managed to decorate the surface of virus particles with useful molecules .
`` But now we can load them too , creating fancy chemical containers , '' says lead author Dr Dave Evans .
`` This brings a huge change to the whole technology and opens up new areas of research , '' says Prof Lomonossoff . `` We do n't really know all the potential applications yet because such particles have not been available before . There is no history of them . ''
One application could be in cancer treatment . Integrins are molecules that appear on cancer cells . The virus particles could be coated externally with peptides that bind to integrins . This would mean the particles seek out cancer cells to the exclusion of healthy cells . Once bound to the cancer cell , the virus particle would release an anti-cancer agent that has been carried as an internal cargo .
Some current drugs damage healthy cells as well as the cancer , leading to hair loss and other side effects . This technology could deliver the drug in a more targeted way .
`` The potential for developing Cowpea mosaic virus as a targeted delivery agent of therapeutics is now a reality , '' says Dr Evans .
The empty viral particles , their use , and the processes by which they are made , are the subject of a new patent filing . Management of the patent and commercialisation of the technology is being handled by PBL .
Most of us have heard about that exemplary fool , Molière 's Monsieur Jourdain , who was astonished to discover in middle age that they had been speaking prose all their life . After perusing John Lachs 's wise and lively Stoic Pragmatism , many readers will no doubt conclude that they have lived as stoic pragmatists for years without realizing it . For what Lachs offers their readers is nothing less than a philosophy of life in the old-fashioned sense : not a recondite theory or bundle of abstruse arguments , but a vivid and concrete vision by which individuals may steer their practice . And the central thought of this philosophy is simple , sensible , and familiar . On the one hand , we should work hard to improve our lot , to live richer and more rewarding lives ; on the other hand , we must always be mindful that the time may come when the best thing we can do is accept that there is nothing we can do . To everything there is a season , and the wise person , according to Lachs 's view , is one who knows when it is best to strive and aspire , and when it is best to practice resignation and simply accept things as they are .
Why call this view 'stoic pragmatism ' ? Because its allegiance to the Romantic strain in pragmatism is qualified and balanced by a keen appreciation of stoicism 's sober insights . Pragmatists tend to regard the natural and social worlds as plastic and malleable , and they seek to remake what they find in the image of their ideals . What sustains pragmatists in this bold endeavour ? Hope and faith : hope that the conditions under which human beings currently live can be dramatically improved , and faith that said improvements can be brought about through intelligent action . Stoicism reminds us , however , that our powers to refashion reality are quite limited , that the world is indifferent to us , that most things simply do not matter , and that ( pace Protagoras ) man is not the measure of all things . So `` stoicism and pragmatism enrich and complete one another '' ( p. 51 ) : whereas pragmatism preaches an empowering gospel of creativity and potentially endless improvement , stoicism preaches a gospel of finitude , limits , and acquiescence . A healthy dose of stoicism keeps pragmatists from becoming pint-sized Fausts , and a steady diet of pragmatism keeps stoics from becoming embittered quietists .
Although this is the central message , it by no means exhausts the content of Lachs 's rich and stimulating book . As I see it , the rest of their book is composed of five distinct thematic strands , and a description of each should give potential readers a fairly good idea of what Stoic Pragmatism is all about .
The first , eye-catchingly colourful strand is autobiographical . Lachs tells us about their childhood in Hungary ( `` I was taught that the recipe for goulash was handed to Hungarians directly by God '' ( pp . 139-140 ) ) , their family 's decision to immigrate to Canada after World World II , their undergraduate years at McGill , and their graduate education at Yale , where their dissertation supervisors were Wilfrid Sellars -- `` all critical bite '' ( p. 184 ) -- and Brand Blanshard -- `` all encouragement and appreciation '' ( p . 184 ) . [ 1 ] We also learn about their devotion to Vanderbilt ( where they have worked for more than thirty years ) , their commitment to teaching , their discovery that they were a stoic pragmatist , and the gradual growth of their interest in American pragmatism . [ 2 ]
The second strand outlines a social and political philosophy consonant with the tenets of stoic pragmatism . At the centre of this scheme is the individual woman or man , whose liberty Lachs defends with a clutch of anti-paternalist arguments . We must learn to leave other people alone , they say , not because we are selfish or indifferent to them , but precisely because we wish them well ; we want them to thrive , to lead fulfilling lives through strenuous and self-directed efforts -- efforts which require the full exercise of one 's powers . [ 3 ] We are also told that since very few things matter , very little should be prohibited ; that our obligations to improve the lot of others are not infinite ; that paternalist measures can create permanent dependency ; and that we are rarely in a position to know what others ought to do with their lives . For these reasons , Lachs concludes , we should leave people free to seek their own good in their own way , even if what they choose to do strikes us as odd or impious , as foolish or offensive . But leaving other people alone , they hasten to add , does not come easily to most of us ; we are neither inclined nor accustomed to give others enough space to create good lives for themselves . The truth is that we love to control people , to wield power over them , to interfere and meddle with their affairs . However , this imperious desire to dominate -- Lachs calls it ' a burning urge ' ( p. 117 ) -- must be resisted in the name of human flourishing .
The book 's third strand is historical and scholarly . Lachs finds themselves powerfully drawn to three figures from the golden age of American philosophy -- William James , Josiah Royce , and George Santayana -- and they have substantial and illuminating things to say about all three . They are especially fond of Santayana -- `` my first love in philosophy '' ( p. 2 ; cf . p. 183 ) -- and happily confesses their indebtedness to Scepticism and Animal Faith ( 1923 ) . Of the many things which Lachs admires in their hero 's mature system , two should be singled out : Santayana 's brand of naturalism , which fits in quite nicely with stoic pragmatism 's view of the cosmos and our place in it ; and Santayana 's insistence that a philosophy is fundamentally dishonest - a hollow sham or idle pretence - unless it acknowledges the unreasoned and irresistible dictates of animal faith . And any philosopher who takes animal faith seriously , Lachs intimates , will gravitate towards realism , since `` the most compelling article of animal faith is that there are independently existing objects in space and time '' ( p. 175 ) .
The fourth strand is meta-philosophical . As Lachs sees it , philosophy has no special method and no distinctive subject-matter ; its task is neither to discover fresh domains of fact nor to speculate about questions which are of little or no practical significance . To be subtle for subtlety 's sake alone is a dereliction of intellectual duty , a base betrayal of the philosopher 's true vocation . And what is that vocation ? To articulate a rich and coherent Weltbild , a many-sided vision of life that will help all of us -- philosophers and non-philosophers alike -- lead better , more satisfying lives . Of course , any vision of life worth taking seriously must be grounded in what we actually know about the world and about ourselves ; and this means that no philosophy can be reckoned adequate unless it acknowledges that animal faith commits us to a certain shared conceptual scheme , and that our scheme 's structure and content are susceptible of philosophical analysis . But analysis without synthesis is sterile , and reason is less important in philosophy than imagination and sensibility . Philosophers must speak to our condition , and the worth of a philosopher 's work is negligible unless it can change the aspect under which we see our lives . The greatest American philosophers -- Emerson , Thoreau , James , Royce , Santayana , and Dewey -- never forgot that philosophy must be relevant to the lives of individuals , and this is one reason why reading their works is still rewarding .
The book 's fifth strand , intertwined with its fourth , consists of Lachs 's critical reflections on the current state of academic philosophy in the United States . Here their remarks are almost certain to vex and nettle many members of the professoriate . Why ? Because Lachs does nothing to disguise their disappointment with what they think has happened to American philosophy in the last century . Too many present-day American philosophers , they complain , are afflicted with `` physics envy '' ( p. 61 ; cf . p. 13 ) . Impressed by science 's magnificent achievements , they assume that philosophy ought to follow its lead , and they think of themselves primarily as professional researchers engaged in purely theoretical pursuits . Encouraged to define themselves as specialists , many professors write exclusively for a tiny sub-set of the scholarly community , and their highly technical work offers little sustenance to a non-academic audience hungry for insight into the human condition . Not coincidentally , their hearts and minds are not transformed by their thoughts ; for them , philosophy is essentially an agreeable way of earning a living , not a way of life which makes special moral demands on souls who feel called to follow it . The result of all this , Lachs thinks , is that philosophy is no longer taken very seriously by non-philosophers , and that more than a few philosophy professors lead lives of quiet desperation , no longer sure what their subject is good for . For where , they ask themselves , are the grand discoveries dreamt of by science-besotted philosophers ? And what contribution , they wonder , has what now passes as philosophy really made to the betterment of man 's estate ? [ 4 ]
While I think there is some truth in what Lachs says about the current state of academic philosophy -- yes , Virginia , there are some philosophers who are positively green with science-envy , who live by philosophy but not for it ( the phrase is Schopenhauer 's ) , who are proud of the fact that their interests are narrow and their papers jargon-laden , who loathe teaching Philosophy 101 , and who have nothing to say , qua philosophers , to non-academics -- their treatment of its defects strikes me as exaggerated and one-sided . For one thing , more than a few contemporary American philosophers -- and Lachs themselves is one of them [ 5 ] -- have written highly accessible , jargon-free works which stress philosophy 's relevance to life as it is lived outside the seminar room and the lecture hall . It would be easy to list names here ; but since the margin of this review is too narrow to contain them all , I think it best to leave their enumeration as an exercise for the idle reader .
In addition , the Internet has created new and fruitful opportunities for philosophers to speak to the many non-philosophers who have ears to hear . Examples of this sort of high-tech outreach include the superb `` Ask Philosophers '' website , `` The Stone '' at the New York Times , the radio program `` Philosophy Talk '' , hosted by John Perry and Ken Taylor , not to mention the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy and the Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy . Thanks to the skillful labour of the many professionals and specialists who have contributed content to these and other projects , anyone with an Internet connection now has access to a great deal of philosophical material , much of which is excellent .
Finally , we must not be too quick to assume that highly technical and detailed work in philosophy -- work which leaves outsiders cold , because they find it too hard or dull -- is ipso facto self-indulgent and sterile . Even a cursory survey of the history of Western philosophy shows that a passionate vision and a taste for precision are not necessarily at odds , and that a philosopher may be profound without ceasing to be a dialectician of genius . Hilary Putnam drew our attention to this fact decades ago , and their words deserve to be better-known :
The sad fact is that good philosophy is and always has been hard , and that it is easier to learn the names of a few philosophers than it is to read their books . Those who find philosophy overly 'technical ' today would no more have found the time or the inclination to follow Socrates ' long chains of argument , or to read one of the Critiques , in an earlier day . [ 6 ]
I am sure Lachs knows all this better than I do , however . Their real complaint , I suspect , is not that technical sophistication is objectionable per se , but that the radical divorce of theory from practice in the lives of many academic philosophers prevents them from being philosophers in the old-fashioned sense of the term . This point was made memorably by Thoreau , the gadfly of Concord , whose sharp words in Walden still have the power to prick and sting the sensitive professorial conscience :
There are nowadays professors of philosophy , but not philosophers . Yet it is admirable to profess because it was once admirable to live . To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts , nor even to found a school , but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates a life of simplicity , independence , magnanimity , and trust . It is to solve some of the problems of life , not only theoretically , but practically . [ 7 ]
Here it will be asked : Ca n't we be both professors of philosophy and philosophers in the time-honoured sense of the word ? Lachs thinks that we can , but they remind us that professing philosophy is not the same as practicing it , that 'subtle thoughts ' are no substitute for 'wisdom ' , and that an author who aspires 'to found a school ' is less worthy of emulation than a person who is determined 'to solve some of the problems of life , not only theoretically , but practically . ' For my part , I think Lachs is more right than wrong about most of this ; and I am confident thatStoic Pragmatism , like Walden , will elevate and humble readers by reminding them of their half-forgotten hopes for a nobler life .
Mr Cameron flatly rejected such a `` wealth tax '' , despite Nick Clegg warning earlier this month that a levy on £2 million homes would be a `` red line '' policy in any future coalition talks .
The Prime Minister promised to spend the next 20 months to polling day campaigning `` all out '' for a Conservative majority and refused to `` speculate '' on a possible second coalition with the Liberal Democrats .
However , as the Conservative Party Conference opened in Manchester , William Hague indicated that some consideration had already been given to sharing power if there is another hung parliament . Backbench MPs should have `` a say '' before any future power-sharing deal is agreed , they said .
Grassroots Tory members and some backbench MPs are demanding that Mr Cameron pull out of the Coalition before the next election and offer voters stronger Tory policies , such as cutting taxes and supporting the family .
In an interview on the BBC 's Andrew Marr show , Mr Cameron insisted that their future tax policies would not punish people who generate wealth and save their assets responsibly .
Stamp duty and council tax are acceptable , they said , `` but I think wealth tax is not sensible for a country that wants to attract wealth creation , wants to reward saving and people who work hard and do the right thing '' . Asked if this meant no mansion tax if they are Prime Minister after 2015 , Mr Cameron replied : `` That 's correct . ''
They insisted they would fight for a Conservative majority government because the country does not `` need '' another coalition .
`` We 've got twenty months to go between now and the election , '' Mr Cameron said . `` I 'm absolutely convinced , not for my benefit but I think for the country 's benefit , we need a strong government with a clear mandate that 's properly accountable .
`` That 's the sort of government the country needs . I do n't want another coalition , I want a Conservative only government , '' they said . `` That 's what I 'm going to be going all out for in these next twenty months . ''
However , Mr Hague , the Foreign Secretary and the most senior Conservative minister after Mr Cameron , said Tory MPs should be consulted before any future coalition is formed .
“ There does have to be some say for the party , '' they told Pienaar 's Politics on BBC Radio FiveLive .
`` When people in a party want a say over something , I do n't think you can resist that . We are a democratic party. ” They stressed that no Tories were targeting another coalition .
“ I think we would all rather be in government on our own , '' they said . `` So we 're not sitting here planning another coalition or trying to decide the terms of another coalition . We will be going flat-out for a majority . ''
A snapshot survey of 118 Tory members , by the modernising Conservative group Bright Blue , found grassroots members would prefer another Coalition with the Lib Dems to any other form of government if a majority is not secured .
A coalition was backed by 49 per cent of members questioned , compared to the 39 per cent who supported the idea of forming a minority government .
Ryan Shorthouse , director of Bright Blue , said : `` Members are becoming more optimistic about the Conservative Party 's chances in the next General Election . Of course the aim should be a Tory majority but , considering the state of the polls and the electoral map , it would be foolish not to prepare for another Coalition with the Liberal Democrats . ''
It 's been said before , but it bears repeating : Smash is not Glee .
Maybe we should n't have to say it , but when you 're a big musical TV series premiering in a post-Glee world , you kind of have to draw the distinction . At the Television Critics Association press tour earlier this month , the cast and crew of the buzzed-about NBC series were happy to spell it out .
“ When Ryan Murphy did Glee they broke a great barrier , ” said producer Craig Zadan . “ I do n't think that any of us feel that the show is like Glee , but we feel grateful to Glee for opening that door . ”
Smash is more grounded in Broadway than in high school : It tells the story of two young women vying for the role of Marilyn Monroe in a new musical based on the actor 's life . But it 's also about the production of the musical—the songwriting , the casting , the promotion .
“ The first season , the plan is to take Marilyn all the way to an out-of-town tryout , so it 's their first really public presentation , ” explained creator Theresa Rebeck . “ And then the second season will be Marilyn—if we 're lucky enough to get there , would be Marilyn comes to Broadway . How does the show fare in New York ? ”
The dueling Marilyn hopefuls are played by former American Idol contestant Katharine McPhee and Broadway star Megan Hilty . While these are the first major television roles for both , Hilty has plenty of experience with the real-life world that Smash depicts .
“ The wonderful thing about the show is that there are so many people here that come from this world that it keeps it very authentic , ” Hilty noted . “ I ca n't tell you how many times I 've been backstage , looking around , going , ‘ Where 's the camera ? There needs to be a camera here . ' Because the drama that happens behind the curtain is way more interesting than what 's happening on the stage . ”
McPhee has had acting roles before—she guest-starred on Community as Pierce 's ex-stepddaughter Amber and appeared in The House Bunny—but she 's primarily known for their pop music career . That persona provides an interesting contrast to the more musical theater-based Hilty , both in terms of their voices and the characters they play .
“ It is different because for me , I think of myself as more of a pop artist , ” McPhee reflected . “ And Megan here has got , like , the big Broadway voice . So I 'm always trying to balance the two so that they are kind of cohesive together , that it makes sense in terms of the show . ”
Smash 's supporting cast is rounded out by a bevy of notable actors , including Debra Messing , Jack Davenport , and Anjelica Huston . Huston is just one of many significant cinematic talents making the move to television—and like all the others , they were asked to speak to that transition .
“ Because [ Smash ] is beautifully written , ” they said . “ It 's a fantastic cast of actors , a phenomenal team of people behind the scenes . We 're working with the best of the best . I 'd be a fool not to participate . ”
Here 's another question : Why Marilyn ? After all , the writers could have gone with a less high-concept musical-within-a-show . As it turns out , they did mull over several options—Rebeck actually had their eye on Victorian literature . But in the end , they decided Marilyn Monroe was the perfect icon to build the show around .
“ Her story is one of tragedy , heartbreak , glamour , love , and all things that make for great drama , ” Hilty said . “ All things that people want to watch and are intrigued by , which is why we 're still talking about them today . ”
Butter Personified There 's a Reason Crumble & Flake Sells Out of Pastries Within One Hour of Opening Its Doors
Neil Robertson has a few secrets . Kelly O
Before Crumble & Flake opens at 9 a.m. on Sunday morning , the line of customers stretches down the block . It moves quickly enough—the crowd files into the tiny Capitol Hill pastry shop four or five people at a time , they choose some pastries ( it seems no one ever buys just one ) , and then they shuffle back out onto the sidewalk with their cups of coffee and paper bags filled with treats . Those still waiting outside crane their necks to peer through the window to see what 's left .
Inside , the pastry case holds a small menu of magic—things like kouign-amann , chocolate croissants , paprika-and-cheddar croissants , fig-and-olive-tapenade rolls , salted-peanut-butter cookies , and cream puffs filled to order with vanilla , chocolate , or apricot filling .
Well , sometimes that 's what 's in the pastry case .
Wednesday through Friday , Crumble & Flake opens at 7 a.m. and they 're nearly bought out by 10 a.m. On weekends , they open at 9 a.m. and their stock barely lasts an hour . If you 're not there early enough , you run the risk of seeing little more than nearly empty shelves—or , worse , a closed sign and crumbs .
Crumble & Flake founder and pastry chef Neil Robertson ( formerly of Canlis , Mistral Kitchen , and the Bellagio in Las Vegas ) had no idea their new bakery would be so successful so fast .
`` I was shocked , '' they say . `` I mean , I liked what I was doing , but it 's just a pastry ! [ On the first day ] I was literally thinking , 'What am I going to do with all the leftover stuff at the end of the day ? ' Oh my God , it was not a problem .
`` At the same time , it 's great to be so popular , '' they say . `` And we could use a satellite kitchen or reduce our offerings to make more room , but I want to stick with my vision—small batches made really carefully . I touch each piece myself to make sure it 's right . That 's what I want . And that 's what I want to give people . ''
To make these small , perfect batches , Robertson starts working at 4:30 in the morning . He 's been refining some of their recipes for years . And , despite the crowds , they claim a few of them are still not quite perfect enough . ( He also admits he 's a control freak— '' Let 's put it bluntly '' —so take their claim of imperfection with a grain of salt . )
The croissants are almost always the first to go . They 've been sold out two of the three times I 've been to Crumble & Flake . An unthinkably crispy , deep golden outer layer hugs the tender , cloudlike insides . Tiny pockets of butter burst on your tongue when you sink your teeth into it .
`` I 'm really happy with the flavor [ of the croissant ] , '' Robertson says , preparing to whip some fresh whipping cream into a batch of vanilla custard for the cream puffs . `` The texture 's pretty good—it could be a little closer to what I have in mind . I have a really strong vision of what I want . ''
For the record , it is impossible to imagine the croissant getting any better .
Robertson is , rightfully , really happy with their chocolate chip cookie . It has crisp edges , a chewy center , and more chocolate chips than the average cookie , but not too many—there are still sections of chocolateless vanilla-tinged dough , as there should be . The texture is beyond any chocolate chip cookie I 've ever had .
`` This is radically different than other cookie recipes , '' they say . `` It 's what I wanted from a cookie . I want it to be really chewy—chewy ! Not cakey , not underbaked , not raw , '' they say .
Achieving such a perfect balance of crispy and chewy is difficult for even the experienced baker . I ask if he 's willing to share any tricks . They grin . `` I 've got a few secrets , '' they say . `` I 'm not ready to divulge any of them right now . '' ( Cue endless calls from literary agents and publishers hoping to snag them for their first cookbook . )
Robertson 's favorite item on the menu is the kouign-amann , which in Breton literally means `` cake butter . ''
`` It 's a pure hit of butter , '' they say . `` It 's salty and sweet in equal measures . It does n't really have much more butter than a croissant does , but it just tastes like butter personified . '' Read that last phrase again . Butter personified .
You also must try a Chewy-O , which is a sandwich cookie comprising two very dark , very chewy chocolate cookies and a sugary filling that is 100 times better than anything Nabisco could ever produce . It 's not the kind of cream filling you want to put on everything ; it 's not the kind of cream filling you want to eat by the spoonful . It 's specially created to complement the not-too-sweet but verging-on-too-chocolaty cookies , which are moist enough to squish up into a ball . ( Try to do that with any other cookie , and you will make a mess and ruin your snack . )
The pastries are what bring the people to Crumble & Flake , but Robertson always wants people to know about the coffee from True North Coffee Roasters . It looks like drip , but it 's not . It was given nearly as much thought as Robertson has given their macarons ( which are , of course , wonderful—try the grapefruit ones ) .
`` It 's not just drip coffee . It has a fruitiness and rich chocolaty flavor that goes really well with the pastries , '' they say . `` The coffeemaker is custom-made so there 's this break in between the filter and the water . You put the coffee in , then it shoots a little bit of water to wet the grounds , then you stir it , then a bit more water , stir it again—there 's agitation throughout the process . It gets a lot more extraction , and the finished product tastes a lot more like an Americano . It goes really nicely with the pastries . I really want people to know about the coffee . It 's so good . ''
Robertson also wants people to know that he 's sorry you have to start lining up an hour before they open in order to get your hands on some of their creations , but to maintain the high quality , that 's just how it has to be .
`` It 's not what I intended . Unfortunately , it 's probably gon na be the reality , '' they say . `` I 'm sorry for that . It 's just gon na be the way it is . This is the business I wanted . ''
Universal 's “ Furious 7 ” will cross $ 1 billion at the worldwide box office Friday , becoming the studio 's first film to reach that milestone in its initial release .
“ Furious 7 ” has grossed $ 735.2 million overseas in 17 days and $ 273.7 million in North America after 15 days — making it the fastest movie to reach $ 1 billion . “ The Avengers , ” “ Avatar ” and “ Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 ” had all crossed $ 1 billion in 19 days . Universal said the seven films in the franchise have totaled $ 3.392 billion in worldwide grosses .
“ Furious 7 ” is directed by James Wan and stars Vin Diesel , Dwayne Johnson , Paul Walker , Michelle Rodriguez , Jordana Brewster , Tyrese Gibson , Jason Statham and Ludacris .
It is the 20th film to take in $ 1 billion , with “ Avatar ” leading the list at $ 2.79 billion , followed by “ Titanic ” at $ 2.19 billion . Paramount 's “ Transformers : Age of Extinction ” had been the most recent addition to the list last year with a $ 1.09 billion worldwide gross , which leaves it in 10th place .
“ We 're incredibly proud to watch ‘ Fast & Furious ' take its place as the only original live-action franchise to reach these kinds of results at the box office , ” said Nick Carpou , U 's head of domestic distribution . “ Our cast , filmmakers and all of our Universal and ‘ Fast ' family deserve credit for working so hard to make ‘ Furious 7 ' a huge success , and we look forward to continuing to watch the film grow over the next few weeks . ”
Related 'Wicked ' Movie Gets 2021 Holiday Season Release Date 'Black-ish ' Star Marsai Martin Signs First-Look Deal With Universal
“ What started as a small film about the street racing sub-culture of East Los Angeles has become a global phenomenon , with ‘ Furious 7 ' shattering records in so many territories around the globe , ” said Duncan Clark , president of international distribution .
Universal said “ Furious 7 ” chalked up the record for second-biggest worldwide opening weekend at $ 397.2 million behind only “ Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2. ” It was the studio 's highest-grossing domestic launch at $ 147.2 million and international opening at $ 250 million .
“ Furious 7 ” also set records as the highest opening weekend in 29 territories and has become Universal 's highest-grossing film in 26 territories . Its $ 63.5 million opening day in China set a record , demolishing the previous record of $ 36 million for “ Transformers 4 . ”
Ron Meyer , vice chairperson of studio parent NBCUniversal , sent out a congratulatory note to the staff .
“ At Universal we have had franchises with strong results at the box office , including ‘ Jurassic Park , ' ‘ Despicable Me ' and the ‘ Bourne ' series , and although we take great pride in these accomplishments , what distinguishes ‘ Fast and Furious ' is that it is an original live action concept with an entirely diverse cast , ” Meyer noted . “ It is the only franchise of its kind to reach a total of more than $ 3.39 billion and counting . ”
Meyer also noted the unique circumstances created by star Paul Walker 's death in late 2013 .
“ When our friend and colleague Paul Walker tragically passed away in the middle of production , our team , led by Jeff Shell and Donna Langley , and the filmmakers , along with the cast and crew , did what they do best : They focused on family first ; then talked to the fans ; then got to work on making a great film that we can all be proud of , ” they said . “ We were all saddened and honored to be a part of Paul 's final career performance and to celebrate their defining role in our lives . ”
UPDATE , 10:11 p.m. — Variety 's first story said that “ Furious 7 ” is the first Universal film to go past $ 1 billion . It is actually the first Universal film to do so in its initial release . The studio 's “ Jurassic Park ” reached $ 1.044 billion after the 3D re-release in 2013 .
In 1984 , Continental Illinois , then one of the country 's largest banks , found itself on the verge of collapse , after billions of dollars ' worth of its loans went bad . To avert a crisis , the government stepped in , purchasing $ 3.5 billion of the soured loans and effectively taking over the bank . Later that year , at a congressional subcommittee hearing , Representative Stewart McKinney summed up the lesson of the rescue effort : “ Let us not bandy words . We have a new kind of bank . It is called too big to fail . T.B.T.F. , and it is a wonderful bank . ”
Since then , T.B.T.F . has become a generally accepted , if unwritten , rule in the financial world . Two weeks ago , though , it was given a new twist when the Federal Reserve acted to save the investment bank Bear Stearns , orchestrating the company 's sale to J. P. Morgan Chase by providing Morgan with up to thirty billion dollars in financing to cover Bear Stearns 's portfolio of risky assets . Previously , the government had intervened to protect only commercial banks—which take deposits and issue traditional loans , and which are heavily regulated . ( Another first : the Fed is now allowing investment banks to borrow from it directly . ) The Bear Stearns deal means that the T.B.T.F . rule now applies to investment banks as well . Suddenly , the federal government is committed to saving a whole lot more companies than it was a couple of weeks ago .
Rescuing failing companies obviously runs the risk of creating moral hazard—if we insulate people from the consequences of their irresponsibility , they 're more likely to be irresponsible in the future . But the Fed did a good job of lessening that risk , making sure that Bear suffered a heavy toll . The sale punished Bear shareholders severely , valuing Bear at just two dollars a share , down from sixty dollars a few days before , while thousands of Bear employees are likely to lose their jobs . That 's about as harsh as a bailout gets .
More to the point , the threat of moral hazard in this case was simply less dire than the threat of financial contagion . The Fed could have done what it did in February , 1933 , when it stood quietly by while Detroit Bankers Corp. and the Guardian Detroit Union Group , Detroit 's two largest banks , foundered after a series of bad loans . But the failure of those two banks quickly led to bank runs in neighboring states—Cleveland 's two biggest banks failed soon after—and eventually to a national banking panic . Bear Stearns 's collapse , similarly , could easily have provoked market chaos . Bear was n't among the largest Wall Street banks , but it was a major clearinghouse for stock trades and played a central role in hundreds of billions of dollars of credit deals . If not too big , it was too important to fail .
The Bear deal does mark a major policy shift , since the Fed has now implicitly admitted that it will catch investment banks when they fall . But that shift really just ratifies the inevitable , given the nature of credit in today 's world . Most money that 's borrowed these days no longer comes from commercial banks , which are responsible for less than thirty per cent of all lending . Instead , in one form or another , the loans are packaged and sold as securities . And since investment banks do much of the selling and buying of those securities , they play an ever bigger role in financial markets . Two decades ago , the Fed could afford to let a firm like Drexel Burnham Lambert ( which , admittedly , was dealing with criminal charges in addition to its economic woes ) go under without worrying too much about the ripple effects . It would demand very steady nerves to do the same thing today .
You might , then , see the Fed 's willingness to help investment banks as evidence of their indispensability . But what it really underscores is how badly Wall Street has managed its business in recent years . Because investment banks ' trades and investments are typically very highly leveraged—Bear Stearns , for instance , had borrowed thirty dollars for every dollar of its own—the banks need to be exceptionally good at managing risk , and they need to insure that people trust them enough to lend them huge sums of money against very little collateral . You 'd expect , then , that Wall Street firms would be especially rigorous about balancing risk against reward , and about earning and keeping the trust of customers , clients , and lenders . Instead , most of these firms have taken on spectacular amounts of risk without acknowledging the scale of their bets to the outside world , or even , it now seems , to themselves . That 's why , since the bursting of the housing bubble , we have seen tens of billions of dollars in surprise write-downs and complete paralysis in the credit markets . When you consider that the banks at the center of the subprime debacle were also at the center of the tech-stock bubble , the surprising thing about the Bear Stearns crisis is n't that a major investment bank was abandoned by its customers and lenders but , rather , that it did n't happen sooner .
Now that the Fed has stepped in , it 's possible that things will go back to normal . But let 's hope they do n't get too normal : one of the biggest problems in the market in the past decade has been that lenders , clients , and even ordinary small investors have put far too much faith in the magical abilities of Wall Street firms , and have failed to give their promises and performance proper scrutiny . Markets require trust to work well , but when trust is blind they are almost guaranteed to go haywire . We do n't want the paralytic level of skepticism that has reigned in the marketplace in recent months to continue , but we do n't want a return to the way things were , either . It 's a good thing that Bear Stearns was saved . But it 's also a good thing that it nearly died . ♦
I call on radical queers all over the country to go to churches and just start having sex in the pulpits . Make out during the sermon ! Do it at the church BBQ ! Do it on Fish Fry Friday ! Forget “ Glitter Bombing ” —why do n't we Fuck Bomb !
Obviously , there is absolutely no reason to oppose same-sex marriage . Charles Worley , a sanctified Christian pastor in North Carolina has come under media and legal scrutiny this week for a Mother 's Day sermon they gave that was about confiscating all the gay cocksuckers and lesbian scissor sisters and cordoning them off behind bedazzled electrified fences . Pastor Worley does not like homosexuality : “ The bible 's again it , God 's again it , I 'm again it , and if you 've got any sense , you 're again it . ”
( Note : Apparently in this particular region of North Carolina , it is not customary to pronounce the “ st ” ) .
But it 's not enough to just be against homosexuality . Worley adds : “ I found out a way to get rid of all of the lesbians and queers , but I could n't get it passed through Congress. ” Put the lesbians behind one electrified fence , drop some food on them . Do the same for the queers . The point of this Gayocaust ? Why , so that all us queers will die out , of course ! And once that happens , Ellie Mae , who do you think is going to be creating your flawless church hats ?
Coming on the heels of President Obama 's announcement of support for marriage equality and North Carolina 's ban on gay marriage , the scariest aspect of Worley 's remarks are not even their hateful sermon . There are hateful individuals . It 's their congregation of 1200 “ saved ” Christians shouting and punctuating various moments in the sermon with “ Amen 's and “ That 's right 's . THESE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO ARE GOING TO BE VOTING FOR MITT ROMNEY , and it 's very frightening .
As we know , Obama got in some deep trouble with many gays and lesbians who felt that theirs coming out in support of gay marriage was an empty political gesture to activate their base . But he 's a politician ! They need votes ! That 's like calling Beyoncé out for wearing a lace front . Stop hating .
When Obama came out in favor of gay marriage I was worried for days that it could cost them the election . So of course I started thinking about how if Romney got elected I would simply move to , I do n't know , St. Bart 's . But I knew that their people must have had numbers and pie charts and screens and flow charts and graphs and surveys , all of which calculated various outcomes for the decision for Obama to come out . Since Obama made the announcement , a number of key people announced support : Colin Powell , Jay-Z , Chris Rock , Julian Bond and Benjamin Jealous , both of the NAACP . Whatever your stance on the issue , the fact is that marriage equality is a civil right , meaning that a gay person 's rights as a citizen are not up for debate or a moralist , popular vote . What the announcement did was to create a seismic shift in the conversation so that now anyone who opposes marriage equality seems completely out of touch , and their rationale for the anti-gay stance holds no teeth .
In a debate on Hardball with Chris Matthews , Rep. Barney Frank ( D-MA ) and Tony Perkins , President of the Family Research Council , duked it out over gay marriage when Perkins said that their kids would never be gay because a ) being gay is not biological if you “ look ” at the “ social science research ” ; b ) because being gay is a product of your environment ; and c ) if you can control that environment with one mommy and one daddy who makes you do gender appropriate stuff , you do n't get a gay kid ! So then Barney asks Tony , “ So , does that mean that Dick and Lynne Cheney have failed at parenting because their daughter is lesbian ? ”
You better read him , Congressman Frank ! The library is open .
Then , last night on AC360 , Stacey Pritchard , one of the members of Pastor Worley 's lynch mob , appeared on the program to defend the pastor 's remarks . When Anderson Cooper asked them if they felt that gays should be put behind electrified fences , Pritchard unflinchingly agreed . “ If they ca n't get the message that that 's wrong , then , you know , they ca n't reproduce and eventually they would die out . ”
And then Anderson really came for them “ So ... you believe that gay people are only born of other ... gay people ? Do n't gay people get born to straight parents ? ” And like that , the debate was over . The library , closed . Ingeniously backed into a corner , Pritchard fumbled and searched for words , becoming increasingly agitated .
My point is that if Pastor Worley 's sermon is any indication , these radical , hateful , Evangelical Christians are going to protest Obama and more specifically give Mitt Romney a base of support , even if they do n't know , like the rest of us , their position on anything . And so it raises one very important question : does the Republican party want to be associated with this kind of vitriol against progressive social issues ? In my circles , if you say you 're a Republican , people take 10 steps away from you , like you have really bad breath . But what purpose does that serve ? This is not to say that all Democrats are socially liberal , but why are there almost never any Republican candidates who are fiscally conservative but with an eye for progress for relevant social debates ?
An anti-gay marriage stance has nothing to do with gay marriage at all . In the few states where gay marriage is legal , noting has happened . Children are not leaving their gay parents so they can at last have one mommy and one daddy . Churches practicing same-sex marriages have not burst into flames . The earth has not opened up . In fact , nothing has happened . This means that being anti-gay marriage is only a disavowal of gay sex . Opponents just ca n't believe that two men or two women would get together and sex each others brains out , and it 's the regulation of that line of thought that the anti-gay marriage stance is about . This is why even when gay characters appear on popular television shows , we almost never see any affection or even the slightest hint of sexual awakening . Gay sex scares people !
In early May , someone in the B.C . Liberal government ordered the destruction of backup tapes of government e-mails prior to May 2004 .
This decision , made during a provincial election campaign , prevents the disclosure of e-mails from the premier and cabinet ministers in the B.C . Rail corruption trial of former ministerial aides David Basi and Bob Virk , and former communications staffer Aneal Basi .
The information surfaced in a column by the Globe and Mail 's Gary Mason who , unfortunately , relied on unnamed sources .
The revelation prompted NDP attorney general critic Leonard Krog to ask B.C . 's assistant deputy attorney general in charge of criminal justice to appoint a special prosecutor .
“ Documents tabled in the B.C . Supreme Court this week suggest sensitive government e-mails relevant to the B.C . Rail corruption trial were destroyed during the spring election campaign , ” Krog said in a news release today ( July 16 ) . “ If this information is true , it amounts to not only a violation of government policy , but also a serious breach of trust and potential obstruction of justice . The premier said the rules were followed . These reports show the premier is not telling the truth . ''
Several years ago , the publisher of the Georgia Straight , Dan McLeod , wrote a front-page editorial comparing Campbell to former U.S. president Richard Nixon .
Nixon resigned in 1974 after their secretary Rosemary Woods erased 18 minutes of taped conversations . That came after the Watergate break-in triggered a criminal case and various Congressional and Senate actions .
The sale of B.C . Rail assets to CN Rail occurred after the premier promised not to privatize the government-owned railway . Now , the government has erased any possible e-mail trail that might account for this abrupt policy reversal .
But that might be where the similarity with Nixon ends . In B.C. , unlike in the United States , there 's no real separation in the legislative and executive branches of government . The premier calls the shots .
Campbell can also block probes by legislative committees , which decreases the likelihood that their government 's act of erasure will force them out of office .
Video : Shocking footage shows dissidents armed with rocket launchers roaming Belfast streets BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A video has emerged of masked dissident republicans on the streets of Belfast armed with RPG rocket launchers . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/sunday-life/video-shocking-footage-shows-dissidents-armed-with-rocket-launchers-roaming-belfast-streets-35271943.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article35271950.ece/fefce/AUTOCROP/h342/Rocket1.jpg
Email
A video has emerged of masked dissident republicans on the streets of Belfast armed with RPG rocket launchers .
This show of strength is the latest display linked to bloody terror gang , the New IRA .
The video , which has caused an uproar on social media since it emerged on Monday , is believed to have been filmed recently in Ardoyne in north Belfast .
Police have said they are aware of the video and are investigating it .
Superintendent Darrin Jones said : `` Police are aware of a video having been posted on a social media site . Enquiries are ongoing . ''
The New IRA was borne out of an amalgamation of dissident groups in 2013 .
In its three years of existence , the New IRA has murdered prison officers David Black and Adrian Ismay , and carried out a number of gun and bomb attacks on police .
It is strongest in Ardoyne , parts of west Belfast , Lurgan , Craigavon , Derry city , and east Tyrone .
However , the vast majority of people living in these areas see the New IRA as nothing more than a criminal gang out to line its pockets and settle personal scores .
Proof of this comes in the form of the murder of drug dealer Kevin Kearney , who was shot dead by the New IRA for refusing extortion demands , and the killing of taxi driver Michael McGibbon , who was targeted for making an alleged remark to a female relative of a leading dissident .
The 33-year-old died after they were shot several times in the leg after being ordered to go to an alleyway in Ardoyne for a punishment attack .
The father-of-four bled to death in the arms of their wife Joanne just yards from their family home .
In January , heroin addict Conor McKee was also murdered by the New IRA in the Oldpark area of north Belfast .
The 31-year-old was blasted three times by a masked gunman at their parents ' home on Glenpark Street .
In September , four men were charged with a series of dissident republican terrorist offences after police seized an improvised rocket launcher loaded with a Semtex projectile in Lurgan .
In 2014 , the New IRA claimed responsibility for a mortar attack on a police Land Rover at the City Cemetery in west Belfast .
The device was detonated by a command wire as the police patrol passed the City Cemetery on the Falls Road .
The device hit the Land Rover , but police say it caused minimal damage
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Misha Gajewski , CTVNews.ca
Thousands of patients in Canada who have had open-heart surgery since 2012 are being warned about a rare bacterial infection linked to medical equipment .
The condition is linked to non-tuberculosis mycobacteria ( NTM ) possibly contaminating heater-cooler devices that regulate a patient 's blood temperature during surgery . NTM is commonly found in the environment but rarely causes complications .
About 8,000 patients from Montreal Heart Institute and more than 4,300 adults who 've had surgery at St. Boniface Hospital in Winnipeg have been notified of the potential risk .
Presently , two patients have contracted the infection in Canada and more than two dozen have been identified in the U.S .
Symptoms can take up to four years to manifest and can take more than a year of antibiotics to treat .
A recent report by CDC showed 46 per cent of those who tested positive for the bacterium died . The relatively high mortality is likely due to the lengthy amount of time it takes for symptoms to show up .
According to Health Canada 's website , symptoms include :
Fever
Night sweats
Unexplained weight loss
Muscle and joint aches
Fatigue
Redness , heat or pus around the incision site
There is no screening test to see if patients have been exposed during surgery . The infection is not detectable unless symptoms develop .
It was only when Dwight Blake of Delta , Pa. , noticed they were getting very tired and had night sweats so bad “ everything would be soaked ” that they remembered a letter from their health-care provider , which warned of possible bacterial infection .
They made an appointment with their doctors to get tested , but it came back negative . It was only when they got a further blood test that doctors found the disease .
“ Whether somebody tests positive or negative [ ... ] , get a full blood workup see if anything strange is going on with your kidney or liver or any other organs [ ... ] , if the blood test is showing inflammation in your system , those are much better indications [ of ] NTM than what growing bacteria in a petri dish will result in , ” they told CTV News .
Blake is now out of the hospital but has to take a number of medications until next July .
It 's important to note that Blake 's case is very rare . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates the risk of contracting NTM is less than one per cent , and others have estimated it as low as 1 in 1,000 .
However , there is still a need for increased awareness .
“ If you ask most doctors they have no idea that this mycobacterium exists , ” Dr. Louis Perrault , cardiothoracic surgeon at Montreal Heart Institute , told CTV News .
“ The most important thing to us is to have our patients know in a preventative way that it exists and if they develop these symptoms [ they ] get treated as soon as possible . ”
In October 2015 the CDC issued a warning to health providers on the need for increased vigilance for such infections .
The device linked to the infection is used in hospitals across Canada , as well as the United States and Europe .
It is strongly suspected the bacteria was present in the equipment during manufacturing , but was not detected at the time .
`` It is not uncommon for these devices to get contaminated , '' said Dr. Rakesh Arora , a cardiac surgeon with the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority .
The mycobacterium is a naturally occurring bacterium found in soil and water , including , tap water .
Usually people become infected by inhaling the bacteria , however in this instance people were exposed when condensation produced from the machine settled in their open chest .
`` It is difficult to know if your machine is infected or not , so there is a deep cleaning procedure that we are using to help minimize any risk with the device , '' Arora said .
The heating-cooling devices are essential to performing open-heart surgeries and LivaNova , one of the manufacturers , has said they 're working with regulators to find a solution .
You can read the company 's full statement below :
LivaNova is aware of the recent CDC publication and FDA Safety Communication . We are working with regulators to develop a solution that addresses their concerns and ensures continued clinician access to this important device which enables lifesaving cardiac surgery . LivaNova and its representatives are proactively and voluntarily contacting 3T heater-cooler users to inform them of the new information in the CDC and FDA communications , and to help facilitate implementation of the agency recommendations outlined in those publications .
Heater-cooler devices are critical to regulating the temperature of patients ' blood during cardiac surgery procedures . Generally , there are no reasonable alternatives to the use of heater-cooler devices during cardiac surgery . Without these devices , hospitals would be unable to perform many of the hundreds of thousands of heart surgeries needed by patients each year .
We are working with regulators , clinicians , and all relevant parties to resolve this important industry-wide issue .
For additional information please go to our website http : //www.livanova.sorin.com/products/cardiac-surgery/perfusion/hlm/3t .
Agents acting with the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program descended on the Ocala headquarters of Taylor , Bean & Whitaker Mortgage Corp. Monday morning .
OCALA - Federal agents descended on the Ocala headquarters of wholesale mortgage lender Taylor , Bean & Whitaker Mortgage Corp. Monday morning and locked it down .
`` I can confirm for you that our office , the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program , has executed two search warrants today in the state of Florida , '' said Kristine Belisle , communications director . `` It 's our investigation . It 's our agents that have executed search warrants . ''
Belisle said the warrants were sealed .
`` I ca n't provide any further information because of the nature of an on-going investigation , '' Belisle said .
Ocala police officers manned the locked doors outside of the Northeast 14th Street offices , allowing only customers of the company 's Platinum Community Bank to enter the building .
SIGTARP oversees the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) . Under TARP , the U.S. Department of the Treasury may purchase or insure up to $ 700 billion of troubled assets , which include residential or commercial mortgages . The agency investigates cases of fraud , waste and abuse of TARP funds and programs .
`` We have cooperated with the FBI on a search warrant relating to dealings we have had with Colonial Bank , '' TBW Chairman Lee Farkas said . `` Taylor Bean has had a large lending relationship with Colonial Bank and has for many years . The company is a borrower and does a lot of business with Colonial Bank .
When asked what the warrant requested , Farkas said , `` Just documents . No people . Just documents . ''
Asked what the documents were , they replied , `` I really do n't know . ''
Farkas said that the warrant does not concern TBW-owned Platinum Community Bank .
In April , TBW signed a agreement to put up half of a $ 300 million equity investment to help infuse the troubled Colonial BancGroup , holding company of Colonial Bank , with headquarters in Montgomery , Ala. , and help the bank meet a regulatory deadline . Farkas said that deal ended Friday . At the time of the agreement , Colonial , which has suffered from heavy loan losses , had applied for funding under the U.S. Treasury 's TARP . To be eligible for TARP funds , Colonial was required to come up with $ 300 million in private equity .
On July 27 , Colonial BancGroup consented to a Cease and Desist order by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Alabama State Banking Department .
Colonial , on Friday reported a second quarter loss of $ 606 million .
The Orlando Sentinel reported that the FBI and U.S. Treasury agents also raided the regional headquarters of Colonial Bank in downtown Orlando this morning .
Taylor Bean made news again in June when it was forced , as part of a settlement agreement with the Florida Office of Financial Regulation and 13 other states , to pay $ 9 million after an investigation of the company 's 2006 and 2007 nontraditional loans found irregularities in the company 's loan applications that involved such items as applicants ' income and asset information being changed in order for loans to be approved by the lender .
Gwen Carr ( left , ) mother of Eric Garner , who died during an arrest by New York City police officers , attends a rally in front of NYPD headquarters in Manhattan on Oct. 6 , 2015 . ( Yana Paskova/For The Washington Post )
Attorney General Loretta Lynch will step down without the Justice Department having charged or cleared police officers in the death of Eric Garner , whose videotaped takedown by New York City officers sparked national outrage , people familiar with the matter said .
Lynch authorized the department to move forward with the case , but made that decision so late in their tenure that lawyers and investigators could not take all the necessary steps to procure an indictment . That would entail assembling the evidence in the case and presenting it to a grand jury in order to convince the panel to return criminal charges .
The controversial case will now pass to the administration of Donald Trump and likely leave expected future attorney general Jeff Sessions with ultimate decision making authority . Sessions has said publicly they are wary of police being judged unfairly , and they are viewed as less likely to press for charges against officers involved in Garner 's death .
A Justice Department spokesperson declined to comment . The people familiar with the matter spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss an ongoing criminal case .
[ Even the feds ca n't agree whether an officer should face charges in Eric Garner 's death ]
Garner died in 2014 after they were taken to the ground by New York City police officers and put in what appeared to be a chokehold . The incident , which was caught on tape , ignited protests across the country , and Garner 's gasping “ I ca n't breathe ” became a rallying cry for those angered by the treatment of African Americans by police .
Exactly why the nearly two-and-a-half year old case could not be resolved before Lynch will leave remains unclear . The matter was initially left to state authorities — with the Justice Department watching behind them — but in late 2014 , a Staten Island grand jury declined to bring charges .
Early in 2016 , federal authorities began presenting the case to a grand jury , but the matter soon languished in part because of a dispute inside the Justice Department . It is possible that grand jury has now expired , and a new one would have needed to be empaneled . At least some prosecutors in the U.S. Attorney 's Office in the Eastern District of New York felt that civil rights charges were not appropriate , while attorneys in the Civil Rights Division at the Justice Department in D.C. thought they were , according to people familiar with the case .
The Justice Department then removed New York FBI agents from the team of investigators , though others pressed forward , people familiar with the matter said .
Lynch made police reform a centerpiece of their tenure , and in the waning days of their administration , they seemed to push to cement their legacy . On Thursday , they traveled to Baltimore to announce a court-enforceable agreement that would mandate broad changes at the police department in that city , where the 2015 death of another black man sparked riots . The next day , they flew to Chicago , making public a scathing report about the police department 's pattern or practice of using excessive force on suspects and revealing that city leaders had agreed in principle to a set of improvements .
The lack of a resolution in the Garner case , though , is a glaring omission , particularly given the time Lynch had to resolve it .
[ Federal grand jury begins hearing evidence in Eric Garner 's death ]
Garner initially drew the attention of police for selling loose cigarettes , and the city of New York reached a civil settlement with their family last year for $ 5.9 million . Though the matter was caught on videotape , convicting officers on federal charges in the matter would not necessarily be easy . Substantiating civil rights charges requires prosecutors to meet a heavy burden of proof and present evidence that might speak to an officer 's intent at the time of the incident .
In the high-profile case of Darren Wilson , the white police officer who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson , Mo. , in 2014 , the Justice Department found there was “ no evidence upon which prosecutors can rely to disprove Wilson 's stated subjective belief that they feared for their safety. ” Prosecutors came to a similar conclusion in the 2015 shooting of Jamar Clark in Minneapolis , describing in a lengthy news release the exacting standard they would have had to meet .
“ It is not enough to show that the officer made a mistake , acted negligently , acted by accident or mistake or even exercised bad judgment , ” the Justice Department wrote in the release . “ Although Clark 's death is undeniably tragic , the evidence is insufficient to meet these substantial evidentiary requirements . ”
Sessions is a former U.S. Attorney who at their confirmation hearing this week insisted they will follow the law , and their political views will have no impact on their decision making . But they also presented themselves a friend to local police , wary of actions that paint them unfairly with a broad brush .
“ In the last several years , law enforcement as a whole has been unfairly maligned and blamed for the unacceptable actions of a few of their bad actors , ” they said . “ They believe the political leadership of this country abandoned them . ”
Lawyer Jonathan C. Moore , who represents Garner 's family , said in an interview earlier Friday that they had sent an email to Vanita Gupta , the head of the Civil Rights Division at the Justice Department , on Jan. 6 , asking for a status update in the case , and they had not responded . They said their last conversation with Justice Department officials came in early December , and they told them they were still investigating .
“ Our position is that whether it 's now , next week , two weeks , or four months from now , that there should be an indictment , ” they said . “ When that happens , obviously the sooner the better . ”
Stuart London , who is representing the officer who on the video seems to be putting Garner in a chokehold , said he , too , had not heard anything from the Justice Department .
“ I 've always said from the beginning that the standard needed to indict my client under a federal statute is even greater than under a state statute , and they were exonerated by a state grand jury , ” London said .
London said their client , Officer Daniel Pantaleo , remains a police officer on desk duty .
Michigan Republican Rep. Tim Walberg keeps spouting lies about Planned Parenthood . But their town hall audiences are n't swayed by their dishonesty .
Republicans have a Planned Parenthood problem .
Specifically , they have a problem with speaking only in falsehoods when they talk about Planned Parenthood .
As part of the hostility to reproductive freedom that is so deeply ingrained in the GOP — and the Trump administration — many conservatives freely mislead the public about what Planned Parenthood does and flippantly imply that the organization is all but unnecessary . It is nothing new , but it is still repugnant .
And many voters are fed up — something Michigan Republican Rep. Tim Walberg discovered more than once in recent days .
At a town hall Monday , Walberg repeated the conservative talking point that funding Planned Parenthood receives from the government could and should instead be directed to other health centers — the implication being health centers that do not provide abortion services .
But before they could even get the full lie out — in which they repeated the inaccurate claim that Planned Parenthood uses a “ major ” and “ significant ” portion of its funding for abortions — the audience shouted them down with chants of “ No ! ” and “ Lies ! ”
The idea that Medicaid funding can simply be redirected to other health centers — as the GOP 's health care repeal plan aims to do — with no detrimental impact on patients is mendacious rubbish . As the Washington Post recently noted in a thorough report , the gaps left by defunding Planned Parenthood would be extremely difficult for other medical centers to fill quickly and easily , leaving many of the 2.4 million patients Planned Parenthood treats each year with no viable , comparable option for their health care .
And contrary to Walberg 's declaration , as has been explained to anti-choicers time and again , abortion accounts for only 3 percent of Planned Parenthood 's services .
Even if that number were higher , though , it would still be absurd to use it as some kind of proof of the nefariousness of Planned Parenthood . The organization provides abortions to those who need them ; it would be callous to suggest there ought to be a cap on the number performed in a given year , simply to placate those who consider their personal sensibilities to be more important than the lives and needs of people who are pregnant but do not want to be .
But in the GOP 's never-ending yet plainly futile quest to eradicate abortion by wiping Planned Parenthood off the map , there is no room for things like facts , logic , or empathy .
Walberg themselves proved this again Tuesday at another town hall event , when they responded to a request to explain their stance on Planned Parenthood by stating , “ I 'm pro-life . Planned Parenthood is pro-abortion . ”
Again , the audience jeered and shouted them down , and continued to do so when they doubled down by claiming that the organization 's president , Cecile Richards , “ had to admit , ” while testifying before a congressional committee in 2015 , that the majority of their work was abortions .
Richards said no such thing . While Planned Parenthood health centers do provide access to safe and legal abortion , the majority of their work is preventive care , such as birth control , cancer screenings , and STI testing and treatment .
But Walberg was not concerned with facts , saying , “ The bottom line is : There is no reason we pay for an abortion entity to carry out their main function , and that being abortion . ”
That ridiculous line not only drew more jeers , but one woman had plainly had enough , standing up and shouting , “ This is not true ! This is a lie , what he 's saying about Planned Parenthood , ” before storming out of the room as Walberg looked on placidly and the crowd applauded them
And they were right — federal funds do not pay for abortions — something even Walberg stated , in a confusing way , after another audience member mentioned it .
“ As of now , there is not a single dollar that goes to pay for abortion , ” they admitted . “ Why ? Because the Hatch Act is permanent , the Hyde Act [ sic ] is permanent . It 's there . But until Planned Parenthood evolves from being an abortion provider — the number one abortion provider in the nation , in fact in the world — it will not get — it 's legal , it 's legal . But the law says no funding goes to abortion providers . ”
When the audience seemed puzzled by them seeming to refute their own statement , they shrugged and said , “ You asked me to respond to where I stand on Planned Parenthood , so you just got it . ”
What the audience “ got ” was lies and hyperbole — in other words , the typical anti-choice spiel .
It is unlikely that Republicans like Walberg , now with the damaging force of the Trump administration behind them , will ever back down from their dishonesty and heartlessness regarding Planned Parenthood in particular , and reproductive freedom more broadly .
But as the crowds at these town halls show , voters are getting pretty sick and tired of hearing the same baseless accusations from their members of Congress — and they may very well respond by making them ex-members of Congress the next time their names show up on a ballot .
When we took a chance on GlutenFreeSingles . We had no idea love could stretch 2,300 mi . Now we 're married and living our `` Happily ever after '' . Dale & Pia
GlutenfreeSingles is a dating , networking , and informative website where you never have to feel alone , awkward , or a burden because you are gluten-free . Our website is a welcoming place where people can find gluten-free dating partners , friends , and activity groups .
Whether you have celiac disease , are gluten intolerant or choose to be gluten free for health reasons , we welcome you to GlutenfreeSingles , a website committed to building a national and global community for those who are gluten free .
Living a gluten-free life can be challenging , especially in a world where gluten-soaked foods are just about everywhere . At GlutenfreeSingles , you are not alone !
Gluten-free dating partners
Gluten-free friendships
Gluten-free evening socials
A gluten-free online community
News , recipe 's , updates and advice on our Social Media
Products and Services related to living a gluten-free lifestyle We Connect Gluten-Free Individuals Interested In :
In a 1961 address to the UN General Assembly , President John F. Kennedy said , “ Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to humankind. ” These words still hold poignancy today , even beyond the battlefield . Coming home from war , a six-month deployment on a ship , or simply transitioning from a life in uniform to a life without one , can be difficult , and the statistics back it up . It 's estimated that a sobering 22 Veterans commit suicide every day. [ 1 . “ 22 Veterans Commit Suicide Daily , The Battle Buddy Foundation , http : //www.tbbf.org/22-veterans-commit-suicide-daily/08-2014 # pk_campaign=GA2481 ? matchtype=b & keyword=veteran % 20suicides & adposition=1t2 . ] Most of these veteran suicides are related to post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , which arises after a trauma in which your life is in danger or you feel that it 's in danger . According to the US Department of Veteran Affairs , 11 – 20 of every 100 Veterans in the Iraq War suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) in a given year . [ 2. ” How Common is PTSD ? ” US Department of Veteran Affairs , accessed December 16 , 2015 , http : //www.ptsd.va.gov/public/PTSD-overview/basics/how-common-is-ptsd.asp . ] PTSD treatment is timely and needed , and fortunately , recent research from the University of South Florida suggests that psilocybin might be an unlikely candidate for the job .
Psilocybin and PTSD Treatment
Until recently , the “ magic ” part of psilocybin cubensis — better known by many as magic mushrooms — was thought to be solely related to their ability to take someone on a psychedelic voyage of spiritual revelation , fascination with the world around them , and profound introspection . But beyond these introspective benefits , new research is showing that in addition to this entheogenic mushroom 's visionary qualities — or perhaps in intimate conjunction with it — it has a biological effect on certain regions of the brain that is quite remarkable .
A 2013 study from the University of South Florida has found that psilocybin , the psychoactive component of magic mushrooms , is able to stimulate neurogenesis , which is the growth and repair of brain cells in the hippocampus . As contemporary researchers understand it , the hippocampus is the brain 's center of both emotion and memory . This regenerative effect was observed in mice who exhibited the ability to overcome fear conditioning far better than mice who had not been given psilocybin . The implications of this study are that magic mushrooms , a once-derided psychedelic which have already been shown to help treat obsessive-compulsive disorder , alcoholism , and nicotine addiction , may also be a powerful treatment for PTSD and similar conditions in humans .
A Study in Overcoming Fear
To test psilocybin 's effect on the hippocampus , researchers trained mice to be afraid of a conditioned stimulus in the form of an auditory tone that was accompanied by an electric shock . Over time , the mice learned to fear the tone because it was associated with an unpleasant electric jolt . Their fear response could be reliably measured by how long the mice would remain immobile in the presence of the tone , even when the shock was not administered . If the mice remained immobile for a long period of time , they were essentially stuck in a fear response that they were unable to unlearn , much like a person who suffers from wartime-related PTSD might react to gunshots or loud noises .
The three groups of mice that were tested included those injected with low doses of psilocybin , those injected with high doses of psilocybin , and a third group that received an inert saline solution . The abstract of the study , which was published in the scientific journal Experimental Brain Research , states that “ Mice injected with low doses of [ psilocybin ] extinguished cued fear conditioning significantly more rapidly than high-dose [ psilocybin ] or saline-treated mice. ” [ 3. ” Effects of psilocybin on hippocampal neurogenesis and extinction of trace fear conditioning , ” Experimental Brain Research , June 2 , 2013 , http : //www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23727882 . ] It is interesting to note that the low dosage of psilocybin was by far the most effective in helping the mice to transcend their fears once the shock had disappeared , a clue that could be of use to both psychotherapists and would-be psychonauts in how to therapeutically use psilocybin in an effective manner .
Implications for PTSD Treatment and Beyond
While it is natural to respond to stressful or traumatic situations with a fight-or-flight response , those experiences can continue to haunt us long after the immediate threat is gone . PTSD is susceptible to being triggered with a memory or stimulus that makes the person relive the original trauma over and over again . This study is highly encouraging in showing that psilocybin is a powerful tool for breaking that cycle and repairing the parts of the brain that are associated with that fear response . We may soon see psilocybin mushrooms join the ranks of other psychedelics such as MDMA as an immensely effective treatment for PTSD and similar disorders . With 22 veterans a day committing suicide in the US , there has never been a more urgent need for new PTSD treatments , and we should follow the science , not the stigma , when considering psychedelics as treatment options .
The Buffalo Sabres today announced the team will host the Prospects Challenge , presented by Tops Friendly Markets , from Sept. 12 to 14 at First Niagara Center and HARBORCENTER .
The Boston Bruins and New Jersey Devils will compete with the Sabres in the round-robin challenge featuring prospects from each team . The participating teams will play two games during the course of the three-day event .
Tickets for the games are $ 10 each , and can be purchased in person at the First Niagara Center Box Office , by phone at 1-888-223-6000 or online here . A full schedule for the Prospects Challenge is below :
Saturday , Sept. 12 : Buffalo vs. New Jersey , 7 p.m. at First Niagara Center
BUY TICKETS NOW
Sunday , Sept. 13 : Boston vs. New Jersey , 7 p.m. at HARBORCENTER
BUY TICKETS NOW
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- The 7.2 million jobs lost in the recession wo n't return until 2012 or beyond , according to a new survey of top business economists released Monday .
Economists surveyed by the National Association for Business Economics said any recovery is likely to be so gradual that these jobs wo n't return to the labor market for three years .
Less than 8 % of the 44 economists surveyed expect to regain the lost jobs before 2012 . About 54 % expect to see the loss fully reversed by 2012 . At the same time , 33 % project it will take until 2013 to recover the lost jobs . Five percent say it will take even longer .
Real GDP is expected to advance at a 2.9 % pace over the second half of this year and at a moderate 3 % pace next year , the survey concluded .
The NABE panel forecast the unemployment rate to rise to 10 % in the first quarter of next year and only slip to 9.5 % by the end of 2010 .
The economists think the Federal Reserve will keep interest rates at record low levels until late next spring , and then will push rates up to 1.0 % by the end of the year .
Inflation will remain low , the economists said . Substantial labor market slack will keep wages from rising .
The core index of personal consumption expenditures , the Fed 's preferred measure of inflation , to forecast to tick up to 1.5 % in 2010 from the 1.4 % rate expected this year .
The forecasters think it will take some time for financial markets to return to normal . Almost a third of the panel members believe this will not occur until some time between 2011 and 2013 .
The housing market will gather momentum next year and contribute to overall growth for the first year since 2005 . House prices are slated for a modest 2 % gain in 2010 .
Consumer spending is expected to remain sluggish given the lagged effects of past wealth loss and a weak labor market . The savings rate is not expected to rise sharply however and will average only 3-5 % through 2012 .
A few months ago , I decided to sell some clothes to make some extra cash . I have been working toward paying down my debt and found this great little app on my phone that allowed me to sell my unwanted items . I thought this could be a great way to earn extra income on the side . After a few items sold , I felt a little rush of adrenaline and started rummaging through my closet looking for additional items to sell . I would ask myself , “ Do I want this pair of running shoes more than I want to pay off my debt ? ” . More often than not , I did n't .
I kept posting and selling over the next few weeks with marginal success , but eventually the thrill began to wear off and the process of packing and shipping each item started to annoy me . I also had to admit to myself that I was n't making any money . Between the shipping and supplies , I really did n't have much to show for my efforts when all was said and done . This was n't helping me pay down my debt . So , I took down my listings and decided I was done with it .
When the next weekend rolled around , something interesting happened . I found myself going through my closet again , filling up bags with clothes even though I had no intention of selling anything . I did n't miss or regret any of the items I had sold . In fact , I felt a great sense of satisfaction each time I sent one of my previously loved items off to its new owner . I loved the idea that somebody else could use these things . So , this time I decided to just bring a few bags of clothes over to the local donation center .
It turns out that this was even better than selling ! In addition to the warm-and-fuzzies one gets from supporting a good cause , I also felt like a weight had been lifted off of me as I drove back to my apartment . Why did this make me feel so good ? I was n't sure but I just kept doing it . Every weekend I would put items out on the curb or pack up some donation boxes . Clothes , dishes , household items , furniture , cosmetics , it was all fair game .
As I 'm sure some of you can relate to , I eventually went down the internet rabbit hole and started reading about the idea of minimalism . I found blogs and YouTube channels dedicated to the topic and got pretty excited . There was even a documentary I found on Netflix ( “ Minimalism ” ) that really got my wheels turning . Such a simple question , yet it was somehow completely novel to me : Does this stuff add value to my life ?
This changed everything . I would sit in my little one-bedroom apartment looking around , trying to draw the line between what I actually valued and what was just clutter . To my surprise , I did n't value much of it at all . For my whole adult life , I have been shopping the sales on a tight budget . I did not typically purchase things that I really loved , I would try to get the best deal instead . 95 % of my wardrobe is either from a thrift store or fast-fashion stores . All of my furniture is from IKEA , a family member or the curb . Yard sales make my knees weak .
As a result , I have acquired a lot of stuff over the years and most of it is truly crap . I can admit that now . These items all must have brought me joy at some point when I purchased them , but now the only emotion I can identify with them is shame . Maybe if I did n't waste my money on all of this stuff , I would n't even be in debt ! The thought of these puts a lump in my throat . I feel like my eyes had been adjusted to the dark for years and the lights just came on .
Not surprisingly , my shopping habits have really changed over the last few months . Impulse purchases and ‘ just in case ' items are mostly a thing of the past . Do I really need this ? Do I really love this ? Just by asking these questions , I am saving a lot of money and paying down more debt each month . I had never realized how much these little purchases add up !
I am still at the beginning of my journey and continue to pack up my donation bags and boxes on the weekends . I have a long way to go , but seeing the progress keeps me motivated . I feel an increasing sense of gratitude and calm as I work to identify the belongings that bring me joy and let the rest go .
It is not a contest . I will never live in a spotless white apartment or fit all of my possessions into a backpack . I do n't want that , it is n't me . My goal is just to wake up knowing that everything I have is everything I need .
Advertisements
Greeting Rocksmith fans !
This week 's DLC is a legendary artist making their rhythm game debut . Three tracks from the late Jeff Buckley ‘ s seminal 1994 album Grace .
Acoustic guitar players rejoice , as these three songs are heavy on the acoustic side . The basslines may be a bit sparse , but the guitar tracks more than make up for it . The tracks making up this pack are Grace , Last Goodbye and my personal favourite , easily the best version of Leonard Cohen 's classic track Hallelujah ( well , apart from the Bono version , of course ! ) .
This pack is an amazing get for Rocksmith , and something I never thought I 'd see . Also , if this opens up the door for more Leonard Cohen in rhythm games , then I 'm all for it !
Detuning is going to be an issue for those of you who are n't in to that sort of thing , as Grace and the bass for Last Goodbye are in Drop D , and the guitar on Last Goodbye is Open G. Also important to note is that the lead for Hallelujah requires a capo , so make sure you 've got one lying around if you want to play it .
Jeff Buckley Song Pack – $ 7.99 / Steam
Jeff Buckley “ Grace ” – Drop D – Lead/Rhythm/Bass- [ XBL ] / Steam
Jeff Buckley “ Hallelujah ” – Capo Required – Lead ; E Standard – Rhythm/Bass – [ XBL ] / Steam
Jeff Buckley “ Last Goodbye ” – Open G – Lead/Rhythm ; Drop D – Bass – [ XBL ] / Steam
So , does this pack have you crying Hallelujah , or does it make you want to say your Last Goodbye to Rocksmith ? Let us know in the comments !
When Pebble announced its second-generation smartwatch it became the most successful Kickstarter project ever , smashing all records and reaping $ 1 million in just 30 minutes of the funding round starting .
The Pebble Time , and the subsequently unveiled Steel version , raised considerably more than $ 20 million in total , approximately $ 19.5 million more than the target . So much is expected of the company 's first full-colour watch based on hype alone .
Add to that Apple 's undoubted early success with the Apple Watch and a maturing of Android Wear , enough to make it a viable option , and there are more eyes on Pebble Time than the company 's first smartwatch outing .
So does it live up to the lofty expectations ? Can it survive in a sector rapidly being invaded by the biggest tech companies ? It can . Because it offers something different and has a couple of real killer features up its sleeve .
To begin with , Pebble has something that the others do not : geek street cred .
It appeals to the sort of buyer who might love Apple but who does n't want to be trapped within the iOS ecosystem , at least not fully . Or an Android users who have either been burned by underdeveloped Android Wear devices ( figuratively , not literally ) or know someone who has struggled with an operating system that still feels a mish mash of ideas .
Then again , at £179 all in , the Pebble Time might simply be an attractive option because it is cheaper than many of the opposition considering its talents . After all , the Apple Watch – even at its lowest end – is an expensive device to shell out for and the Pebble Time might be an option if your budget is more restrictive .
It certainly offers value , with access to more than 8,000 apps already thanks to the original watch 's heritage , and a vast selection of free watch faces ready for download .
Admittedly , for that price you 'd rather it looked a little more swish , being made predominantly of plastic with a single stainless steel bezel ( with PVD coating ) that also looks strangely plasticky . The Pebble Time Steel , on the other hand , will cost more but may well plug that gap of not-so-premium finish .
The fact that it is thin and lightweight will suit some tastes more than the beefier options on the market . The slim nature belies a robustness too , with the Gorilla Glass face feeling sturdy enough to take a bit of a bashing .
Plus , the Pebble Time is waterproof to 30 metres , and while we 're not sure on the amount of time it can remain submerged , we can confirm that you can wear it in a shower or while swimming , as we did both regularly and it still works as new . Certainly there can be no worries about having it exposed while running in the rain , and how many rival products can you say that about ?
But in design terms , the major feature is also the headline one : the Pebble Time has a colour screen . That 's going to be of particular interest for those looking to upgrade from the previous Pebble models .
While the first generation Pebble and Pebble Steel smartwatches come with black-and-white e-paper screens , the Pebble Time has a 1.25-inch colour equivalent . It is n't quite as saturated or vibrant as the OLED or LCD panels of other smartwatches , given its 64-colour maximum , but it fulfils a couple of purposes splendidly .
It is n't a touchscreen – with interaction provided through four separate side buttons rather than the face – but in daylight the always-on display is clear and colourful , even working in direct sunlight well .
There is a downside in that it is less capable at night and the backlight ( which can be switched on at the press of a button or set to come on automatically when you 're flicking your wrist ) does n't quite seem bright enough . However , most of the time , no pun intended , it is fully readable .
Brightness and less punchy colours are an acceptable trade-off for the Pebble Time 's second headline feature : battery life .
Thanks to using colour e-paper rather than OLED or LCD , with a backlight you choose to switch on and off as you please , the Pebble Time is quoted as lasting up to seven days on a single charge . In comparison with other smartwatches on the market that need recharging every day , that is a very attractive proposition .
We found that in regular use , serving as a step-counting fitness band as well as a watch and having notifications switched up to the wazoo , it did n't quite stretch to seven days , more like six , but that 's still incredible considering how much you can do with the device . It 's the point where you stop thinking of the smartwatch as an equivalent to a phone on your wrist , but start thinking of it as an actual watch .
Plus , having had Bluetooth on at all times – and without loss of connection as some have reported – it did n't even drain the battery of our iPhone 6 Plus any more than we are used to .
Having worn a Microsoft Band and other fitness bands in recent times , none of which with the feature set of the Pebble , this is a massive incentive to us when choosing a smart device .
You do have to be sensible to maintain battery life – different watch faces , with more movement , require more screen refreshes and therefore will drain charge faster – but some of the free watchfaces will even give you a battery count so you can easily see any impact .
As we 've already said , the main drain to our battery during the test period comes through a constant stream of notifications , which are plentiful on our part as we 've set our work email account to ping us every time we receive a mail – approximately three or four a minute . You can set which ones you 'd like to receive on your phone itself , Android or iOS , in exactly the same way you would have them appear on your lock screen .
Sadly , you can not choose to filter particular notifications to only appear on your Pebble Time or vice versa ( a feature of Apple Watch ) which is quite annoying . If your email account is prone to spam , for example , you 'll still get a vibrating buzz each time you receive a penis enlargement prompt or every time your long lost uncle in Africa has left you a vast inheritance , and there is no way to set the device to separate the wheat from the chaff .
Nonetheless , for us the main use of a smartwatch is to keep abreast of what is going on in our world and having regular notifications appear on a wrist dramatically reduces the amount of time we have to look at our phone .
Another software feature new to the Time is the timeline , an immediately accessible list of actions your watch has undertaken . Press the top right button on the watch and you can access the past , seeing previously pinned events , notifications , calendar entries and other information , such as missed calls .
Press the bottom right button and you can see events and calendar entries for the future . It is simple and effective , but does require apps to be compatible for it to work . You can add just about any calendar to it , for example , including Google , Apple , Outlook and many more , but it will only work with calendars that are compatible with your phone too . We 've always had a problem with our work account calendar , which uses Google 's service , showing on the iPhone and therefore it fails to show on the Pebble Time too . Our own personal calendars are fine , but you should check that everything works on your phone first – if it does , you are okay .
Pebble apps can also work with the timeline , when you pin them through the smartphone hub . The ones that generate news or timed notifications – such as football scores through EPSN , for example – will place information in the timeline . They populate the scrollable list nicely , but we 're old fashioned ourselves and happy to enter individual apps to get information anyway – and you can still do that through the tap of the centre right button .
All those in the Pebble store ( accessible through the Pebble Time app you must install on your phone ) are compatible and you can now have more than eight stored on your watch at a time . A vast number of them are still only presented in black and white , but more and more are embracing colour too .
There are some things that work on Android but not on iPhone however , because of the way Google and Apple set up respective operating systems . The Pebble Time 's microphone , for example , enables you to send voice replies to messages and notifications , but in practice is very limited on iPhone . You can only reply to Gmail notifications on iOS at present . When paired with an Android phone though , you can send voice replies to just about any messaging service , including text messages .
It will be interesting to see whether Pebble exploits Apple 's opening of the Siri API or the voice features of Google Now in the future , but as it stands we 're fairly non-plussed by the included mic functionality .
In hardware terms , we 're more keen on the fact there are several sensors inside Pebble Time that help turn it into a step tracker and fitness device , when coupled with the Misfit or Jawbone apps .
You can only have one of them tracking your activities at a time , but it 's a feature that means we could happily shelve the dedicated band we wear too .
Those more interested in deep diving with fitness statistics will probably still be better off with a dedicated sports watch , but for simple day-to-day activity and sleep-tracking the Pebble Time and free apps is plenty good enough . There are even some watchfaces that will display that information on screen at all times .
Presidential candidate and ex-reality TV star Donald Trump admitted on Saturday that the wave of condemnation and crumbling business relationships , which followed their remarks calling immigrants “ rapists , ” has caught them a little off guard .
“ I did n't know it was going to be quite this severe , ” Trump said on “ Fox & Friends. ” “ But I really knew it was going to be bad . ”
“ You know , maybe I 'm leading in polls , but this is certainly not good , ” they also said . “ I lose customers , I lose people . ”
Macy 's , NBC Universal , Univision , Televisa and Serta have all dropped partnerships and business dealings with Trump following their “ rapists ” remark — which “ Fox & Friends ” co-host Clayton Morris described as “ straight talk . ”
“ They 're bringing drugs , they 're bringing crime . They 're rapists , ” Trump said during their presidential launch . “ And some , I assume , are good people . ”
Several of Trump 's fellow GOP presidential contenders have stepped forward to rebuke their remarks , such as Jeb Bush , Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) , and former New York Gov . George Pataki ( R ) .
“ For the people who say I 'm doing it for my brand — this is n't good for my brand . I think it 's bad for my brand , ” they said .
Watch the Fox segment :
FEATURES : Interviews The Beach Boys ' Al Jardine on Pet Sounds by Jeff Tamarkin
Share This :
Al Jardine , who turned 76 on September 3 , 2018 , was an original member of The Beach Boys when the group formed in 1961 , but for a time they are n't sure if playing music was in their future . Shortly after recording the group 's first single , “ Surfin ' , ” they left for a while intending to pursue a less risky career , only to return in 1963 . They remained a Beach Boy throughout the band 's entire run as a major recording act and is currently a member of Brian Wilson 's touring band .
We spoke with Al Jardine in 2016 on the 50th anniversary of the Beach Boys ' Pet Sounds , often named the greatest album of all time .
Do you consider Pet Sounds the Beach Boys ' best album ?
Al Jardine : Probably artistically , yeah . It was a little ahead of its time . We did n't have a lot of time to appreciate it because the label was looking for a lot of sales and when it did n't meet their expectations they took it off the market and quickly put out a best-of album . We really did n't have a chance to exploit it or perform it . We were basically a hitmaking machine and that was something [ Pet Sounds ] that was difficult to market . They did n't know what to do with it . Fortunately the public climbed on board and made it happen . I should n't say the public—future generations appreciated it for what it is . The '70s material that we did post-Pet Sounds is becoming quite popular with new generations of fans . There 's a revivalist thing going on with the Beach Boys right now , which is pretty interesting .
What is it about that music that is so universal ?
AJ : It has to be the human voice . Brian 's voicings and their own personal voice as well are so special . The way we came together as a vocal blend was pretty special . And we had great engineering and great producers—Brian , I should say . We met the challenge when we did Pet Sounds . That was a big one . “ California Girls ” and “ She Knows Me Too Well ” and “ Please Let Me Wonder ” are epic moments in recording history to me .
Those last two were B-sides of singles . A lot of the Beach Boys ' B-sides were as good as the hit A-sides .
AJ : We had so many great B-sides . We often put out competitive pieces on the other side . We did n't have as many number one singles as the Beatles but we might have if we 'd put a clunker on the other side .
Where would you rank Pet Sounds among the Beach Boys ' albums ? Are there others you like more ?
AJ : That 's a style thing . There are different kinds of favorite albums . Pet Sounds was a different direction . I like All Summer Long . It had “ Help Me , Rhonda ” on it , which was one of my songs . I liked Stack-O-Tracks . Not many people have heard it . It was amazing to hear the tracks without the vocals .
Related : BCB reviews Brian Wilson 's 2016 Hollywood Bowl concert
Capitol Records recently released the Pet Sounds ( 50th Anniversary Collectors Edition ) boxed set . Is it aimed at people who grew up with the album ?
AJ : I 'm not sure . It 's really for the audiophiles . I do n't know . There 's a lot of information on there . You have to enjoy sitting down to four hours of backing tracks—if you 're a real fan you 'll dig it , man . There 's a Blu-ray disc of the audio . There 's one great DVD of us actually singing “ Good Vibrations . ”
Is it true that “ Good Vibrations ” was initially intended to be included on Pet Sounds ?
AJ : We had a major impasse with Brian with respect to “ Good Vibrations. ” We all wanted it to be on Pet Sounds and I do n't know if it was a timing thing but Brian told me at the time that they wanted to save it for Smile , the next project , and we disagreed .
Not for the first time and not for the last !
AJ : Generally , if somebody has a pretty strong point of view , we respect that , and we all respected their point of view . It was finished , in our opinion , but in Brian 's mind it was n't finished . In any event it was going to be put aside , do it later . Then the label said , “ You got ta have a hit single on [ Pet Sounds ] , something with some commercial appeal. ” They 're always looking for a hit . “ Sloop John B ” [ which Jardine arranged ] had proved itself . So I was responsible for that , I admit it . It may not fit the creative tone of the album but it certainly gave some relief at the end of side one . I took a pretty primitive folk song , which I 'd learned in high school , and added a chord or two—I heard the Beach Boy harmonies in there and felt very strongly that we could make a great record . And it worked .
Sign up for the Best Classic Bands Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email
URL
It 's such an odd tale for a top 40 song .
AJ : And antithetical to what we were doing . But when you listen to the production value , it 's astoundingly powerful .
What do you remember about the vocal sessions for that album ? Was it more arduous than before ?
AJ : Are you kidding ? [ Before ] we would just walk in and do our parts and leave but this one we spent three to maybe six months . We were recording Smile and Pet Sounds simultaneously so you can only imagine the stuff we were doing . Within that three- to six-month framework we would alternate between songs and go back and forth and reshape each song until we got them just right . It took awhile . The king of all the re-do 's was “ Would n't It be Nice ” and “ Good Vibrations. ” Brian was never quite satisfied with those two and they wanted to get them perfect .
All of those stories that have been going around for 50 years , that the rest of the band was against Pet Sounds , fought Pet Sounds—how much of that is true ?
AJ : That 's not accurate . Mike being more of a lyricist , they obviously wanted to question some of the lyrics that they did n't understand . If you do n't understand something , hey , explain it to me . And actually , they got their way with one of the songs on Pet Sounds , “ I Know There 's An Answer. ” I liked it both ways [ The alternate version was called “ Hang On to Your Ego. ” ] If Brian wants to work with their cousin to make them happy , it is what it is . But as far as not wanting to do it , it was a big leap from where we were . Holy crap—we got home from [ touring ] Japan , and we 'd been gone for a long time . And there was a lot of adjustment . It was n't that we did n't want to do it .
Brian has said that the Beatles and Beach Boys were always in competition . Was that true ?
AJ : That 's the story . I do n't even ask Brian that question ; I read the same things you guys do . But when I see them I 'll ask him . I 'll say , “ Hey , did Rubber Soul really give you that inspiration ? ” I 'm sure it did . I seem to recall the same thing . But we were on the road 150 days a year so we did n't see Brian that much .
How does it feel to sing these songs now ?
AJ : It 's fun . I enjoy sitting back and watching Brian go through the set . They do a real good job .
Do you hear an influence on young bands today from Pet Sounds ? |
AJ : Absolutely . I think Brian raised the bar . It allows people to play off that ingeniousness that they have . They hear things and phrases things in a way that you would n't expect . It 's the unexpected that makes Brian so amazing . They have a real gift for the left hand on the piano , the bass line . You 'd give your right arm for that and they have it on so many different levels : melodies , harmonies , arranging . We did n't hear that before Brian . Post-Brian you get people emulating them and it 's really cool . Fleet Foxes are a good example . A little different phraseology , but similar .
If you 're a new Best Classic Bands reader , we 'd be grateful if you would Like our Facebook page and/or bookmark our Home page .
For the fictional weapon called `` The Glaive '' , see Krull ( film ) . For the software tool , see VkTrace
Glaives
A glaive ( or glave ) is a European polearm , consisting of a single-edged blade on the end of a pole . It is similar to the Japanese naginata , the Chinese guandao and pudao , Russian sovnya and Siberian palma [ ru ] .
Overview [ edit ]
Typically , the blade is around 45 centimetres ( 18 in ) long , on the end of a pole 2 metres ( 7 ft ) long , and the blade is affixed in a socket-shaft configuration similar to an axe head , rather than having a tang like a sword or naginata . Occasionally , glaive blades were created with a small hook on the reverse side to better catch riders . Such blades are called glaive-guisarmes .
According to the 1599 treatise Paradoxes of Defence by the English gentleman George Silver , the glaive is used in the same general manner as the quarterstaff , half pike , bill , halberd , voulge , or partisan . Silver rated this class of polearms above all other individual hand-to-hand combat weapons .
Image taken from the Morgan Bible ( Folio 10 Verso – top ) . Notice the Warbrand in the forefront slicing into a mounted soldier .
The Maciejowski Bible ( Morgan Bible ) depicts an example of a two-handed glaive used on horseback .
The contemporary term for this weapon may have been faussart , which was used for a variety of single-edged weapons seen as related to the scythe ( along with terms such as falchion , falcata , or fauchard derived from falx , the Latin term for `` scythe '' ) .
It has been argued that the glaive had its origin in Wales , and that it remained a national weapon until the end of the XVth Century . Grose mentions a warrant ( Harleian MS. , No . 433 ) issued to Nicholas Spicer , dated the first year of Richard III 's reign , 1483 for enrolling of smiths for `` the making of two hundred Welsh glaives '' – twenty shillings and sixpence being the charge for thirty glaives with their staves , made at Abergavenny and Llanllowel . [ 1 ]
Other uses of the word [ edit ]
The word `` glaive '' has historically been given to several very different types of weapons .
The word `` glaive '' originated from French . Almost all etymologists derive it from either the Latin ( gladius ) or Celtic ( * cladivos , cf . claymore ) word for sword . Nevertheless , all the earliest attestations in both French and English refer to spears . [ 2 ] It is attested in this meaning in English roughly from the 14th century to the 16th . [ 3 ]
) or Celtic ( , cf . claymore ) word for sword . Nevertheless , all the earliest attestations in both French and English refer to spears . It is attested in this meaning in English roughly from the 14th century to the 16th . In the 15th century , it acquired the meaning described above . [ 4 ]
Around the same time it also began being used as a poetic word for sword ( this is the main use of the word in Modern French ) . [ 5 ]
The term `` glaive '' is used in the science fiction/fantasy film Krull to refer to a thrown weapon , similar to the chakram or hunga munga , which can return to the thrower , much like a boomerang ) . `` Glaive '' has been used to describe this fictional type of weapon in films , video games and other fantasy media since .
to refer to a thrown weapon , similar to the chakram or hunga munga , which can return to the thrower , much like a boomerang ) . `` Glaive '' has been used to describe this fictional type of weapon in films , video games and other fantasy media since . Champagne saucers are often colloquially termed glaives . The name refers to the traditional wine glass being 'glaived ' , resulting in a shorter than normal glass .
As the U.S. Senate takes up the proposed American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) , a large study provides evidence that eliminating the individual mandate could jeopardize health care coverage for young adults . Analysis of insurance data found that without an individual mandate , young adults were more likely to lose health insurance -- even with the Obamacare provision allowing people under age 26 to be covered under their parents ' health plan .
The study , led by Lauren Wisk , PhD , of the Division of Adolescent and Young Adult Medicine at Boston Children 's Hospital , appears in the upcoming issue of the journal Health Services Research .
Wisk and colleagues analyzed data from 131,542 adolescents and young adults in Massachusetts , Maine and New Hampshire whose family was covered by Harvard Pilgrim Health Care between January 2000 and December 2012 . Massachusetts introduced an individual mandate in 2007 , while Maine and New Hampshire did not . This allowed a natural comparison before the individual mandate went into effect nationally ( in 2014 ) .
Wisk and colleagues found that having an individual mandate boosted the effect of the Dependent Coverage Expansion , which took effect in these three states ( and others ) in 2007 and nationally in 2010 . `` With an individual mandate , many more young adults used the dependent coverage provision , and people who were previously dropped from their parents ' plan were more likely to get back on , '' says Wisk .
With both the individual mandate and the dependent coverage expansion in effect , young adults in Massachusetts :
were 23 percent more likely to keep their dependent coverage than their counterparts in Maine or New Hampshire
kept their dependent coverage for longer periods of time
were 33 percent more likely to regain dependent coverage after going off their parents ' plan .
Threats to dependent coverage
The current AHCA ( H.R . 1628 ) retains the dependent coverage provision , and it would seem to protect young adults . However , various other provisions in the AHCA could undercut that popular provision , says Wisk .
Without an individual mandate , more young adults and their families may choose to go without dependent coverage even when it 's needed , Wisk says . They note that the AHCA would limit the tax credits available to families and provide significantly less income-based assistance , which may make it too expensive for some families to keep a young adult child covered as a dependent . ( See : http : //files . kff . org/ attachment/ Proposals-to-Replace-the-Affordable-Care-Act-Summary-of-the-American-Health-Care-Act )
Moreover , while the current version of the AHCA retains coverage of pre-existing conditions , young adults who lose or drop their insurance could be charged 30 percent higher premiums for one year after resuming coverage , Wisk notes . Such lapses in insurance are common for young adults , who may leave dependent coverage as they enter college or get entry-level jobs , but then find their parents ' policies offer better coverage .
`` At Boston Children 's we see many adolescents and young adults with chronic conditions who could lose access to their doctors under the ACHA when they change plans , or find that the AHCA changes make it too expensive to keep seeing their doctors , '' says Wisk . `` Our study suggests that the individual mandate encourages young adults to have better , continuous access to the care they need . The AHCA could change that . ''
`` Boston Children 's Hospital was an early and strong supporter of the Massachusetts coverage expansion in 2006 , and , more recently , the Affordable Care Act , '' says Josh Greenberg , the hospital 's VP of Government Relations . `` The individual mandate , with its accompanying subsidies to support low-income individuals , was always understood to be a critical component of our efforts to reach near-universal coverage . Young adults are especially vulnerable both socially and economically , and we should be careful about making changes that reduce coverage and could result in lifelong health complications . ''
Panel at Boston Children 's to discuss how AHCA would affect children and youth
On Wednesday , May 31 , Boston Children 's offices of Government Relations and Community Health will host a panel , Grand Rounds : Spotlight on Health Care Policy -- The Impact on Children and Families ( 10-11 a.m. , Folkman Auditorium , 300 Longwood Avenue , Boston ) . Boston Children 's President and CEO , Sandra L. Fenwick , will moderate a panel of experts . The event is free and open to the public ( registration and information here ) .
Alison Galbraith , MD , MPH , of Boston Children 's Hospital , Harvard Medical School and the Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Institute was senior author on the Health Services Research paper . Coauthors were Jonathan Finkelstein , MD , MPH , Sara Toomey , MD , MPH , Gregory Sawicki , MD , MPH , and Mark Schuster , MD , PhD , all of Boston Children 's .
# # #
The study was funded by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality ( AHRQ ; 5T32HS00063-21 ) ; a joint grant from AHRQ and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services ( U18 HS020513 ) ; the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development ( K24HD060786 ) and the Thomas O. Pyle Fellowship in the Department of Population Medicine .
Boston Children 's Hospital is home to the world 's largest research enterprise based at a pediatric medical center , where its discoveries have benefited both children and adults since 1869 . More than 1,100 scientists , including seven members of the National Academy of Sciences , 11 members of the Institute of Medicine and 10 members of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute comprise Boston Children 's research community . Founded as a 20-bed hospital for children , Boston Children 's today is a 404-bed comprehensive center for pediatric and adolescent health care . Boston Children 's is also the primary pediatric teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical School . For more , visit our Vector and Thriving blogs and follow us on our social media channels : @ BostonChildrens , @ BCH_Innovation , Facebook and YouTube .
By default , a Windows 10 update will use your bandwidth to share files on your PC with other PCs . This walk-through shows how to disable that feature—or tone it down a bit .
If you are one of the millions of users who have upgraded to Windows 10 , you are likely to be very familiar with the Windows update process . Microsoft updates Windows 10 when it needs to be updated . It 's part of Microsoft 's master plan and is generally a good thing .
To facilitate efficiency in the Windows 10 update process , Microsoft has created a system it calls , in typical cryptic fashion , Windows Update Delivery Optimization . To put it in simple terms , when Delivery Optimization is on , Windows 10 will send updates from your computer to other computers on your local network or on the internet . That 's right , Windows Update Delivery Optimization is a peer-to-peer ( P2P ) network , which operates similarly to BitTorrent .
Default settings
Windows Update Delivery Optimization has two settings :
Setting 1 allows Windows 10 to share files with other computers on your local network only .
Setting 2 allows Windows 10 to share files with other computers on your local network and with other computers on the internet .
Setting 2 is the default for every edition of Windows 10 except Windows 10 Enterprise and Windows 10 Education ; those editions default to Setting 1 .
Windows Update Delivery Optimization is also active for any apps you purchase and download from the Microsoft Store .
Turn it off
This is a personal choice , but I really do n't like the idea of sharing files with strange computers out on the internet . I am sure Microsoft has taken every precaution to make these connections safe and secure , but it makes me uncomfortable , so I opt to turn off Windows Update Delivery Optimization . The settings are buried deep , so here is a step-by-step on how to change them .
First , open the Windows Update Settings screen . The easiest way to get there is to type it into Cortana—she 'll show you the way ( Figure A ) . Click or tap the Advanced Options link on this page .
Figure A
Click or tap the Choose How Updates Are Delivered link on the Advanced Options screen , shown in Figure B .
Figure B
To Choose How Updates Are Delivered screen ( Figure C ) is where you can change the default settings for the Windows Update Delivery Optimization P2P system . You can opt to turn it off completely or you can leave it on but select the local network option .
Figure C
Remain calm
I know there will be some privacy advocates and security experts out there who will wail against Microsoft for choosing to turn on Windows Update Delivery Optimization by default . But this is not some evil plot . It is just another Windows 10 configuration setting we all should know about . After all , making the Windows 10 update process as efficient as possible is a noble goal . I choose to sacrifice some system efficiency to placate my own personal paranoia . What about you ?
Also read ...
Your thoughts
Did you turn off Windows Update Delivery Optimization ? What was your reasoning ?
We are ready to have an open debate with the Prime Minister on camera to discuss the issue threadbare , said Anna Hazare .
Social activist Anna Hazare , currently campaigning against the NDA government 's amended Land Acquisition Bill , on Thursday asked for an “ open debate ” with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the controversial clauses of the proposed law .
Advertising
In response to a query about Union Minister Nitin Gadkari 's willingness to debate the Bill with those opposed to it , Hazare said , “ Gadkari 's homework is weak . We are ready to have an open debate with the Prime Minister on camera to discuss the issue threadbare . ”
[ related-post ]
“ Let the people watch this debate and see the facts for themselves , ” they told reporters at their native Ralegan Siddhi village in Maharashtra 's Ahmednagar district .
Gadkari had earlier said that the government was willing to debate all aspects of the Bill , which is awaiting clearance in the Rajya Sabha .
A united and aggressive opposition , led by the Congress , is blocking the Bill 's passage in Rajya Sabha and had submitted a memorandum to President Pranab Mukherjee last week , terming the Land Bill as “ anti-farmer . ”
Advertising
Gadkari , while claiming that the opposition parties were criticising the Bill for “ political reasons , ” had invited all leaders of major parties as well as Hazare for an open debate on any platform to discuss the nuances of the proposed law .
LOS ANGELES ( CBSLA.com ) — When you live in L.A. , getting a parking ticket – and a whopping fine – comes with the territory .
Offenders usually are forced to shell out at least $ 63 , with some citations exceeding $ 90 .
Now a team commissioned by L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti is working to change that . They found those prices are simply too high for minor parking infractions , especially for first-time offenders .
The committee this week unveiled a series of parking reform proposals , including sharp cuts to parking fines , on a sliding scale .
Jay Beeber and Steven Vincent , directors of the Los Angeles Parking Freedom Initiative , are part of the mayor 's working group on parking reform .
Under their plan , first-time offenders would face a $ 23 fee , $ 33 for a second offense in the same year and up to $ 68 for the fourth offense .
Those proposed fines are far below the current cost of a parking ticket , especially for first-time offenders .
Vincent says they had to change the culture at City Hall , where parking tickets were seen as an essential funding source for the city budget .
L.A. motorists who spoke with CBS2/KCAL9 's Dave Bryan said they liked the idea of reduced fines and a tiered system .
It 's not news that the digital privacy boat sailed from the dock years ago . Nearly all privacy actions now are remedial , attempting to correct lost freedom .
Just as music and movie companies can not easily lock down the digital security of their intellectual properties in the great moving tide of bits , we as individuals have lost the lockdown control of our identities that people took for granted 20 years ago . The most aware digital citizens maintain a curious but understandable double standard : media should be liberated , but identity locks should be protected . Information wants to be free ... but not my information .
The government surveillance issue that was inflamed last week is complicated , controversial , partially concealed and stretches over the 11-year `` war on terror '' since the 9/11 attacks . The core piece of controversial legislation is the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) , which became law in 1978 .
As implied , the bill prescribes allowable methods and boundaries for acquiring foreign intelligence . It is espionage law . Two amendments complicate FISA 's story and potentially bring its actions to American shores . First , in 2001 after 9/11 , FISA was amended to accommodate the existence of terrorist groups not affiliated with a nation . That version of FISA served as an umbrella sanction for various digital surveillance activities carried out by the National Security Agency ( NSA ) , mostly beyond the awareness of the general population . The central mandate of FISA , and of the NSA , had not changed in theory : foreign intelligence gathering .
Effective or not , an American spy operation directed at its own citizens infects the country 's central nervous system
But in December of 2005 the New York Times broke news that a 2002 presidential order allowed the NSA collection of phone calls and emails from American citizens -- without legal warrant . Search warrants were obtained for conversations that originated and ended within the US , but that legal step could be eliminated if just one end of the communication was offshore . The government claimed that surveillance programs , supercharged by that 2002 presidential order , had thwarted specific plots hatched by Americans assisting al-Qaida attack plans .
Effective or not , an American spy operation directed at its own citizens infects the country 's central nervous system , even granting arguable gray areas . A second FISA amendment in 2008 provided what might be termed a reverse corrective , by legitimizing NSA powers . There were Senatorial objections to the bill 's passage . The 2008 revision remains focused on foreign targets , but with language that some legislators believe opens up ambiguities through which American civil liberties can be lost . One obvious loophole , even to a naive layperson , is that an email address can not be pinned to a location . As a Slate article noted , nobody knows the extent to which Americans are under an NSA lens .
This came to a head last week because the 2008 version of FISA is set to expire at year 's end , and the US House passed a five-year extension with strong bipartisan support . The law now sits in Senate hands , where more cautious minds might slow this hurtling piece of controversy .
Unlike government spying , which is highly personalized , website tracking is anonymous on the back end
( At the same time , the tenaciously litigious Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) has been suing the NSA since 2008 on behalf of several AT & T customers , based on a raft of evidence implicating the telecom company for collaborating with the NSA in what the EFF calls `` dragnet surveillance . '' )
While many Americans might object in principle to FISA and the NSA 's alleged implementation of the law , not many individuals are likely to be affected . The values are reversed in the case of online website tracking , which is applied to nearly everyone who uses a browser , but most people do n't get worked up about it .
Unlike government spying , which is highly personalized , website tracking is anonymous on the back end . The tracking cookies that publishers and ad networks drop onto your computer as you move around the web treat the browser as a surrogate individual . They lose effectiveness as more people use a browser session because they are targeted to the concept that one browser represents an interest profile of one person . If your browsers are unshared , and you do n't purge your cookies , you get the purest illustration of tracking acumen , expressed through the most targeted ads .
Phones and email accounts are bugged for the sake of national security , but browsers are bugged for the sake of commerce . The forces of commerce are sly and smart , but much less powerful . Users can take control by using ad blockers cosmetically , and aggressive cookie deletion to cut off spying closer to the ground .
The do-not-track button featured in most browsers , and soon to be a stable feature in Chrome , so far a laggard , encourages internet citizens to make a choice . It is opt-out , of course , because an opt-in to browser tracking would require universal cooperation from all industry players to stay out of our computers unless invited . Such universal agreement is quixotic , but a surprisingly substantial affiliation of industry players has signed off on the Obama administration 's data privacy framework -- it is a codification of conduct around consumer protection principles related to web privacy . Many commenters insist that this theoretical piece of work is toothless .
The clear lesson that derives from all forms of contemporary spying is that digitally connected citizens need personal DRM . The Constitution is supposed to opt out Americans from government intrusions . The Obama document is meant to be a sort of privacy constitution for the internet . Time will tell how much muscle each one has .
Brad Hill is the VP , Audience Development at AOL . They are the former Director and General Manager of Weblogs , Inc .
It is in News that Motorola is working on a couple of new devices for the past few months . A couple of leaks of upcoming Moto devices have already up on the internet . Now , a bunch of seven Moto devices with a model number – XT1770 , XT1772 , XT1773 , XT1724 , XT1725 , XT1726 and XT1721 have cleared WiFi certification . All the devices will run on Android 7.0 / 7.1.1 Nougat . Interestingly , all the seven devices will be poweredÂ by a Quad core Mediatek MT6737Â processor .
Out of these seven upcoming devices , XT1726 is rumoured to be launched as Moto C Plus . XT1773 is the model number for the upcoming Moto E4 . As per previous leaks , the Moto E4 will be powered by a MediaTek MT6737m processor and will sport a 5-inch display , a 5-megapixel rear camera , and a 2-megapixel selfie camera . The deviceÂ is expected to be fitted by a 2,300 mAh battery . XT1772 is leaked as Moto E4 Plus .
And , XT1770 is the Moto E4 Power . The same device was listed on FCC recently , which is equipped with a non-removable battery of 5000mAh .
Naturally , the first few comments we saw when Microsoft announced their latest incredibly powerful and fantastically thin tablet PC was some variant of “ It 's a shame it is running Windows ” . We decided to fix that , and here 's what came out of that experiment .
There 's not a lot to dislike about the hardware that makes up the Surface Pro 3 . Even though we 're only tooling around with the Core i5 version , this machine has already proven itself to strike an admirable balance between performance , style , and portability . The operating system , on the other hand , is simply not everyone 's cup of tea . Windows 8.1 is a confusing combination of old school desktop UI with a tablet UI that is n't yet complete enough to stand on its own .
Theoretically the Surface Pro 3 is the ideal tool with which to use Windows 8.1 , but it 's still not the best OS for everyone . Luckily , the Linux community has no shortage of replacements if all you want is a touch-friendly laptop . With that in mind , we gave Ubuntu 14.04 a shot to see what the grass looked like on the other side .
The very first thing you need to do if you decide to go this route is grab a system image backup of the Surface Pro 3 . This is n't complicated , but it can take up a ton of space depending on what you currently have installed on your system . The backup image for our tests was nearly 30GB , though the backup image process itself is quite fast .
You will also need a separate drive with Windows 8.1 onboard to restore the image , since the repair and restore function will be gone if you decide to install Linux on your machine . As long as you have these two things , you can restore your Surface Pro 3 back from just about anything .
The installation process for Ubuntu could n't be simpler . After creating a bootable USB drive you turn the tablet off completely and insert the drive into the only USB port on the system . Press the Volume Down key and the Power key until you see the Surface logo , then release both . You 'll be presented with the installation screen for Ubuntu , inviting you to try it live first or just go right to installing the OS .
Whichever way you go , you 'll find that most things work out of the box . WiFi works , but only 2.4GHz networks can be detected . The touchpad on the Type Cover works , but the keyboard does not . You 'll need to activate the virtual keyboard in the accessibility setting to get much of anything done , and Ubuntu 's virtual keyboard is lacking in desirable features . There are some third party alternatives you can install , but the initial experience here will likely have you scrambling for a USB keyboard .
The pen works as a pointer and as a left-click when you press down , but because Bluetooth does not work out of the box you lose the buttons on the pen . It does n't seem like Ubuntu 's implementation of the pen is pressure sensitive either , though that may just be my not using the right application to measure . It 's plenty fast and quite smooth , but without the type cover the experience does suffer a bit .
Since the keyboard is n't detected out of the box , it seems unlikely that the dock will be recognized by Ubuntu either . Microsoft 's proprietary connector is convenient , but will need some third party support if you 're going to be able to have an enjoyable Linux experience on this device . Since the basics like touch and WiFi work out of the box , KDE 's Plasma Active would be a much better experience for the Surface Pro 3 compared to Ubuntu , but the Kubuntu Active ISO that is currently marked stable had some problems during install and does n't yet play nice with this hardware .
The good news is that it seems like there are only a few small things in between a Linux user and a decent Surface Pro 3 experience , and with any luck by the time these devices hit shelves there will be people eager to help implement fixes for most , if not all of these issues .
When I first wrote Cascading Style Sheets : The Definitive Guide , the part that caused me the most difficulty and headaches was the line layout material . Several times I was sure I had it all figured out and accurately described , only to find out I was wrong . For two weeks I corresponded with Ian Hickson and David Baron , arguing for my understanding of things and having them show me , in merciless detail , how I was wrong . I doubt that I will ever stop owing them for their dedication to getting me through the wilderness of my own misunderstandings .
Later on , I produced a terse description of line layout which went through a protracted vetting process with the CSS Working Group and the members of www-style . At the time it was published , there was no more detailed and accurate description of line layout available . Even at that , corrections trickled in over the years , which made me think of it as my own tiny little The Art of Computer Programming . Only without the small monetary reward for finding errors .
The point here is that line layout is very difficult to truly understand—even given everything I just said , I 'm still not convinced that I do—and that there are often surprises lurking for anyone who goes looking into the far corners of how it happens . As I 've said before , my knowledge of what goes into the layout of lines of text imparts a sense of astonishment that any page can be successfully displayed in less than the projected age of the universe .
Why bring all this up ? Because I went and poked line-height : normal with a stick , and found it to be both squamous and rugose . As with all driven to such madness , I now seek , grinning wildly , to infect others .
Here 's the punchline : the effects of declaring line-height : normal not only vary from browser to browser , which I had expected—in fact , quantifying those differences was the whole point—but they also vary from one font face to another , and can also vary within a given face .
I did not expect that . At least , not consciously .
My work , let me show it to you : a JavaScript-driven test file where you can pick from a list of fonts and see what happens at a variety of sizes . ( Yes , the JS is completely obtrusive ; and yes , the JS is the square of amateur hour . Let 's move on , please . I 'm perfectly happy to replace what 's there with unobtrusive and sharper JS , as long as the basic point of the page , which is testing line-height : normal , is not compromised . Again , moving on . )
When you first go to the test , you should ( I hope ) see a bunch of rulered boxes containing text using the very common font face Webdings , set at a bunch of different font sizes . The table shows you how tall the simple line boxes are at each size , and therefore the numeric equivalent for line-height : normal at those sizes . So if a line box is using font-size : 50px and the line box is 55 pixels tall , the numeric equivalent for line-height : normal is 1.1 ( 55 divided by 50 ) .
On my PowerBook , Webdings always yields a 1:1 ratio between the font-size and line box height . The ten-pixel font size yields a ten-pixel-tall line box , and so on .
This is actually a little surprising by itself . The CSS 2.1 specification says :
normal Tells user agents to set the used value to a “ reasonable ” value based on the font of the element . The value has the same meaning as < number > . We recommend a used value for ‘ normal ' between 1.0 to 1.2 . The computed value is ‘ normal ' .
This is basically what CSS has said since its first days ( see the equivalent text in CSS1 or in CSS2 for confirmation ) and there 's always been a widespread assumption that , since 1.0 is probably too crowded , something around 1.2 is much more likely .
So finding a value of 1 was a surprise . It was an even bigger surprise to me that this held true in Camino 1.5.2 , Firefox 2.0.0.14 , and Safari 2.0.4 , all on OS X. Firefox 3b5 did n't render Webdings at all , so I do n't know if it would do the same . I actually suspect not , for reasons best left for another time ( and , possibly , a final release of Firefox 3 ) .
Various browsers doing the same thing in an under-specified area of the spec ? That ca n't be right . It 's pretty much an article of faith that given the chance to do anything differently , browsers will . The sailing was so unexpectedly smooth that I immediately assumed was that a storm lurked just over the horizon .
Well , I was right . All I had to do was start picking other font faces .
To start , I picked the next font on the list , Times New Roman , and the equivalent values for normal immediately changed . In other words , the numeric equivalents for Times New Roman are different than those for Webdings . The browsers were n't maintaining a specific value for normal , but were altering it on a per-face basis .
Now , this is legal , given the way normal is under-specified . There 's room to allow for this behavior . It 's actually , once you think about it , a fairly good thing from a visual point of view : the best default line height for Times New Roman is probably not the best default line height for Courier New . So while I was initially surprised , I got over it quickly . The seemingly obvious conclusion was that browsers were actually respecting the fonts ' built-in metrics . This was reinforced when I found that the results were exactly the same from browser to browser .
Then I looked more closely at the numbers , and confusion set back in . For Times New Roman , I was getting values of 1.1 , 1.12 , 1.16 , 1.15 , 1.149 , and 1.1499 . If you were to round all of those numbers to two decimal points , you 'd get 1.10 , 1.12 , 1.16 , 1.15 , 1.15 , 1.15 . If you round them all to one decimal place , you 'd get 1.1 , 1.1 , 1.2 , 1.2 , 1.1 , 1.1 . They 're inconsistent .
But wait , I thought , I 'm trying to compare numbers I derived by dividing pixels by pixels . Let 's turn it around . If I multiply the most precise measurement I 've gotten by the various font sizes , I get… carry the two… 11.499 , 28.7475 , 57.495 , 114.99 , 1149.9 , 11499 . As compared to the actual values I got , which were 11 , 28 , 58 , 115 , 1149 , and 11499 .
Which means the results were inappropriately rounded up in some cases and down in others . 28.7475 became 28 and 1149.9 became 1149 , whereas 57.495 became 58 . Even though 11.499 became 11 and 114.99 became 115 .
This was consistent across all the browsers I was testing . So again , I was suspecting the fonts themselves .
And then I switched from Times New Roman to just plain old Times , and the storm was full upon me . I 'll give you the results in a table .
Derived normal equivalents for Times in OS X browsers font-size Camino 1.5.2 Firefox 2.0.0.14 Safari 2.0.4 10 1 1.2 1.3 25 1 1 1.16 50 1 1 1.18 100 1 1 1.15 1000 1 1 1.15 10000 1 1 1.15
Much the same happened when comparing Courier New with plain old Courier : full consistency on Courier New between browsers , albeit with the same strange ( non- ) rounding effects as seen with Times New Roman ; but inconsistency between browsers on plain Courier—with Camino yielding a flat 1 down the line , Firefox going from 1.2 to 1 , and Safari having a range of values above the others ' values .
Squamous ! Not to mention rugose !
Now it 's time for the stunning conclusion that derives from all this information , which is : not here . Sorry . So far all I have are observations . I may turn all this into a summary page which shows the results for all the font faces across multiple browsers and platforms , but first I 'll need to get those numbers .
I do have a few speculations , though :
Firefox 's inconsistency within font faces ( see Times and Courier , above ) may come from face substitution . That 's when a browser does n't have a given character in a given face , so it looks for a substitute in another face . If Firefox thinks it does n't have 10-pixel Times , it might substitute 10-pixel something else serif-ish , and that face has different line height characteristics than Times . I do n't know what that other face might be , since it 's not Times New Roman or Georgia , but this is one possibility . It is not the minimum font size setting in the preferences , as I 've triple-checked to make sure I have that set to “ None ” . Another possibility for Firefox 's line height weirdness is a shift from subpixel font rendering to pixelly font rendering . 10-pixel text in Firefox is distinctly pixelly compared to the other browsers I tested , while sizes above there are nice and smooth . Why this would drive up the line height by two pixels ( 20 % ) , though , is not clear to me . Much of what I 've observed will likely be laid to rest at the doorsteps of the font faces themselves . I 'd like to know how it is that the rounding behaviors are so ( mathematically ) messed up within faces , though . Perhaps ideal line heights are described as an equation rather than a simple ratio ?
Again , this was all done in OS X ; I 'll be very interested to find out what happens on Windows , Linux , and other operating systems . Side note for the Mac Opera fans warming up their flamethrowers : I 've left Opera 9.27 for OS X out of this because it seems to cap font sizes at a size well below 1000 , although this limit varied from one face to another . Webdings and Courier capped at 507 pixels , whereas Courier capped at 574 pixels and Comic Sans MS stopped at 707 pixels . I have no explanation , though doubtless someone will , but the upshot is that direct comparisons between Opera and the other browsers are impossible . For sizes up to 100 pixels , the results were exactly consistent with Camino , if that means anything .
The one tentative conclusion I did reach is this : line-height : normal is a jumbled terrain of inconsistent behaviors , and it 's best avoided in any sort of precision layout work . I 'd already had that feeling , but at least now there 's some evidence to back up the feeling .
In any case , I doubt this is the last I 'll have to say on this particular topic .
Update 7 May 08 : I 've updated the test page with a fix from Ben Lowery so that it works in IE . Thanks , Ben ! Now all I need is to add a way to type in any arbitrary font-family 's name , and we 'll have something everyone can use . ( Or else a way to use JavaScript to suck up the names of all the fonts installed on a machine and put them into the dropdown . That would be cool , too . )
take The Biggest Loser off the air We prescribe to fat people what we diagnose in thin people . I first heard this idea from the brilliant Deb Burgard , and I heard it again at the presentation that Hilary and Dana of BeNourished gave at the MEDA Conference . And I was reminded again when I saw Marilyn Wann 's petition to . It was prompted by a new admission to the New York Post by some contestants that they had been told to engage in extremely dangerous behavior while on the show . [ Trigger warning for lots of eating disorder/disordered eating discussion throughout the post . ]
Suzanne Mendonca from Season 2 told the NY Post :
People were passing out in Dr. H 's [ Robert Huizenga , M.D , the show 's official doctor ] office at the finale weigh-in . On my season , five people had to be rushed to the hospital . They knew exactly what we were doing and never tried to stop it….People would take amphetamines , water pills , diuretics , and throw up in the bathroom , they would take their spin bikes into the steam room to work up a sweat . I vomited every single day . Bob Harper tells people to throw up : ‘ Good , ' they say . ‘ You 'll lose more calories . ' ”
Joelle Gwynn from 2008 Couple 's season said
Bob Harper was my trainer , they go away and their assistant comes in . He 's got this brown paper bag that 's bundled up . They say , ‘ Take this drug , it 'll really help you . ' It was yellow and black . I was like , ‘ What the f- -k is this ? '…I felt jittery and hyper , I went and told the sports medicine guy . The next day , Dr. H gave us some lame explanation of why they got added to our regimen and that it was up to us to take them…
They also said that their trainer Bob Harper told them about their journaling
Lie and say you were following the directive of intaking 1,500 calories — but I want you to do 800 calories or as little as you can .
And of course this is on top of the excessive exercise and mental and physical abuse that they proudly show on every episode .
fatphobic society All of these are behaviors that would be considered serious red flags in a thin person . Even if they were not part of a full blown eating disorder ( which are complicated bio/psycho/social disorders and not defined only by behavior and that definitely need more attention , and accessibility to treatment , and are negatively affected by a ) they would almost certainly , and correctly , be considered dangerous and disordered .
that could kill us But for fat people they are encouraged , even prescribed by so-called health professionals , under the pretense of “ health. ” Not convinced ? Consider that fat people are encouraged to take dangerous drugs , to have dangerous surgery to have part of our stomachs bound or partially amputated to force us to restrict food in ways that mimic behaviors associated with eating disorders .
recently reinforced A fat body is not a sign that all the concepts of what constitutes a healthy relationship with food , exercise , and our bodies should be thrown out the window in the pursuit of thinness . As a study of The Biggest Loser Contestants , the truth is that intentional weight loss hardly ever works long-term , but when the same behaviors that we diagnose and treat in thin people are prescribed to fat people , it makes weight loss not just a losing bet , but also a dangerous and even deadly one .
The bottom line is that the relationships and behaviors around food and exercise that are dangerous and disordered in thin people are not magically super useful and healthy for fat people . The Biggest Loser perpetuates behavior that is dangerous , and a culture of fat hate , and so it has to go . Take a moment to sign and share the petition to add your voice to the group clamoring for an end to this horror of a television show .
Like my work ? Want to help me keep doing it ? Become a Member ! For ten bucks a month you can support size diversity activism , help keep the blog ad free , and get deals from size positive businesses as a thank-you . Click here for details For ten bucks a month you can support size diversity activism , help keep the blog ad free , and get deals from size positive businesses as a thank-you .
Book and Dance Class Sale ! I 'm on a journey to complete an I 'm having a sale on all my books , DVDs , and digital downloads to help pay for it . You get books and dance classes , I get spandex clothes and bike parts . Everybody wins ! If you want , I 'm on a journey to complete an IRONMAN triathlon , andon all my books , DVDs , and digital downloads to help pay for it . You get books and dance classes , I get spandex clothes and bike parts . Everybody wins ! If you want , you can check it out here !
I 'm training for an IRONMAN ! You can follow my journey at www.IronFat.com
Hello !
We 've put together this blog to inform Jedi Knights of the major changes that are coming in the 3.0 update . Just a couple of disclaimers before we jump in : this blog is not a comprehensive list of every single Jedi Knight change . Also , please note that the content described in this blog is still under development , so anything mentioned throughout this blog is still subject to change ( especially any exact numbers or percentages that may be mentioned ) . Okay , let 's get started !
In 3.0 , the most significant change found in the Jedi Knight base class is the absence of Riposte . This ability has not gone away completely , but it has undergone some changes in functionality and has become specific to the Guardian advanced class . We will cover this change in more detail when we get to the Guardian section , but first , we will cover what is new for Sentinels in the 3.0 update .
Sentinel
As mentioned in the previous section , Sentinels no longer have access to the Riposte ability . We made this change because the Sentinel disciplines did not really support the use of Riposte , and except for a few rare cases that involved dealing a little extra burst damage here or there , using Riposte was actually a poor use of focus for Sentinels .
Another change that Sentinels will notice is that Crippling Throw has been removed from the game , but the healing received debuff it provided has been rolled into Leg Slash , while the damage of Leg Slash has been adjusted to compensate for this addition . We made this change to streamline the Sentinel experience a bit – because in most cases where you wanted to apply one of these debuffs , you also wanted to apply the other one . The final result of these changes is that Leg Slash is now far more about the debuffs it applies , rather than the small amount of damage it inflicts , to enemy targets .
In addition to these changes , all Sentinels will have access to the following two passive abilities :
Focused Slash : Slash , Cyclone Slash , Dispatch , Blade Rush , Merciless Slash , and Concentrated Slice refund 1 focus when used . In addition , Zealous Strike beats down its target for 45 seconds . Beat Down targets take 5 % more damage from melee attacks .
Valor : Increases the amount of Centering built by 2 when activating abilities that consume focus , and reduces the cooldown of Valorous Call by 30 seconds .
Many Sentinels will also notice that Cauterize is missing . It is not gone , but it has moved into the Watchman discipline . While it provided a sustained damage boost for all Sentinels , it was never intended to be used by any discipline other than Watchman , from a thematic perspective ( note the lack of skills in the other trees that improve Cauterize ) . But fear not , for Combat and Concentration Sentinels will make up for this resulting sustained damage loss with other new abilities that they have gained .
Watchman
Watchman Sentinels are gaining a new passive skill that makes their Juyo Form and Merciless stacks build up twice as fast . They also get another skill that allows them to spread some of their burning effects to targets damaged by their Force Sweep , as long as one of the targets damaged by Force Sweep is already suffering from those burning effects . In addition to these new passives , Watchman Sentinels also gain a new active ability :
Force Melt : Calls on the power of the Force to melt the target , causing it to burn for elemental damage over 15 seconds .
Cauterize no longer has a cooldown , but to keep things interesting for this discipline , players will need to be able to successfully juggle three different burns , each of which has a unique duration , while also keeping Merciless Slash on cooldown in order to maximize their damage output .
Combat
Combat Sentinels gain a new passive ability that reduces the focus consumed by Blade Rush and Cyclone Slash by 1 each , during Zen . They also get another new passive ability that automatically triggers an Ataru Form attack on all targets damaged by Cyclone Slash . Force Health has wiggled its way over to Combat from the Concentration ( formerly known as Focus ) discipline to help the Combat discipline with focus generation . Additionally , Combat has gained a new ability :
Clashing Blast : Unleashes a powerful blast of Force energy at the target , dealing energy damage . The blast stuns standard and weak enemies for 5 seconds . Shares a cooldown with Blade Storm .
Precision Slashes no longer ignores the global cooldown , but as a result , it now deals much more damage and increases armor penetration for 6 seconds instead of just 4.5 seconds . These changes , combined with the changes to alacrity ( which now reduces the global cooldown and the cooldown of most abilities ) , mean that Combat Sentinels can rather easily sneak an extra attack into every Precision Slash window .
Concentration
Concentration ( formerly known as Focus ) Sentinels gain the following two new active abilities :
Focused Burst : Blasts the enemy target with a powerful burst of Force energy , dealing kinetic damage .
Concentrated Slice : Slices the target for significant weapon damage . Attacks with both weapons if dual wielding .
Concentration skills that affect Force Sweep now also affect Focused Burst , and this effectively causes Focused Burst to replace Force Sweep in the Concentration Sentinel 's single target damage rotation . Concentration Sentinels also gain a new passive ability that temporarily increases their defenses after using Concentrated Slice .
Utilities
Most of the utilities available to Sentinels will be familiar to players of the class , but there are a few new utilities as well . Here are a couple examples :
Expunging Camouflage : Force Camouflage removes all cleansable effects when activated .
Just Pursuit : Leg Slash consumes 2 less focus . In addition , using Leg Slash against a target already slowed by your Leg Slash immobilizes that target for 3 seconds . This immobilizing effect can not be applied to the same target more than once every 10 seconds .
Hello !
We 've put together this blog to inform Sith Warriors of the major changes that are coming in the 3.0 update . Just a couple of disclaimers before we jump in : this blog is not a comprehensive list of every single Sith Warrior change . Also , please note that the content described in this blog is still under development , so anything mentioned throughout this blog is still subject to change ( especially any exact numbers or percentages that may be mentioned ) . Okay , let 's get started !
In 3.0 , the most significant change found in the Sith Warrior base class is the absence of Retaliation . This ability has not gone away completely , but it has undergone some changes in functionality and has become specific to the Juggernaut advanced class . We will cover this change in more detail when we get to the Juggernaut section , but first , we will cover what is new for Marauders in the 3.0 update .
Marauder
As mentioned in the previous section , Marauders no longer have access to the Retaliation ability . We made this change because the Marauder disciplines did not really support the use of Retaliation , and except for a few rare cases that involved dealing a little extra burst damage here or there , using Retaliation was actually a poor use of rage for Marauders .
Another change that Marauders will notice is that Deadly Throw has been removed from the game , but the healing received debuff it provided has been rolled into Crippling Slash , while the damage of Crippling Slash has been adjusted to compensate for this addition . We made this change to streamline the Marauder experience a bit – because in most cases where you wanted to apply one of these debuffs , you also wanted to apply the other one . The final result of these changes is that Crippling Slash is now far more about the debuffs it applies , rather than the small amount of damage it inflicts , to enemy targets .
In addition to these changes , all Marauders will have access to the following two passive abilities :
Enraged Slash : Vicious Slash , Sweeping Slash , Vicious Throw , Massacre , Annihilate , and Furious Strike refund 1 rage when used . In addition , Battering Assault beats down its target for 45 seconds . Beat Down targets take 5 % more damage from melee attacks .
Short Fuse : Increases the amount of Fury built by 2 when activating abilities that consume rage , and reduces the cooldown of Frenzy by 30 seconds .
Many Marauders will also notice that Rupture is missing . It is not gone , but it has moved into the Annihilation discipline . While it provided a sustained damage boost for all Marauders , it was never intended to be used by any discipline other than Annihilation , from a thematic perspective ( note the lack of skills in the other trees that improve Rupture ) . But fear not , for Carnage and Fury Marauders will make up for this resulting sustained damage loss with other new abilities that they have gained .
Annihilation
Annihilation Marauders are gaining a new passive skill that makes their Juyo Form and Annihilator stacks build up twice as fast . They also get another skill that allows them to spread some of their bleeding effects to targets damaged by their Smash , as long as one of the targets damaged by Smash is already suffering from those bleeding effects . In addition to these new passives , Annihilation Marauders also gain a new active ability :
Force Gash : Summons dark Force power to gash the target , causing it to bleed for internal damage over 15 seconds .
Rupture no longer has a cooldown , but to keep things interesting for this discipline , players will need to be able to successfully juggle three different bleeds , each of which has a unique duration , while also keeping Annihilate on cooldown in order to maximize their damage output .
Carnage
Carnage Marauders gain a new passive ability that reduces the rage consumed by Massacre and Sweeping Slash by 1 each , during Berserk . They also get another new passive ability that automatically triggers an Ataru Form attack on all targets damaged by Sweeping Slash . Force Vigor has wiggled its way over to Carnage from the Fury ( formerly known as Rage ) discipline to help the Carnage discipline with rage generation . Additionally , Carnage has gained a new ability :
Devastating Blast : Unleashes a powerful blast of Force energy at the target , dealing energy damage . The blast stuns standard and weak enemies for 5 seconds . Shares a cooldown with Force Scream .
Gore no longer ignores the global cooldown , but as a result , it now deals much more damage and increases armor penetration for 6 seconds instead of just 4.5 seconds . These changes , combined with the changes to alacrity ( which now reduces the global cooldown and the cooldown of most abilities ) , mean that Carnage Marauders can rather easily sneak an extra attack into every Gore window .
Fury
Fury ( formerly known as Rage ) Marauders gain the following two new active abilities :
Raging Burst : Blasts the enemy target with a powerful burst of Force energy , dealing kinetic damage .
Furious Strike : Strikes the target for significant weapon damage . Attacks with both weapons if dual wielding .
Fury skills that affect Smash now also affect Raging Burst , and this effectively causes Raging Burst to replace Smash in the Fury Marauder 's single target damage rotation . Fury Marauders also gain a new passive ability that temporarily increases their defenses after using Furious Strike .
Utilities
Most of the utilities available to Marauders will be familiar to players of the class , but there are a few new utilities as well . Here are a couple examples :
Expunging Camouflage : Force Camouflage removes all cleansable effects when activated .
Inescapable : Crippling Slash consumes 2 less rage . In addition , using Crippling Slash against a target already slowed by your Crippling Slash immobilizes that target for 3 seconds . This immobilizing effect can not be applied to the same target more than once every 10 seconds .
Yakuza : Ishin : weapon training , levels , grades , and records
Official website update with the latest details and screenshots .
Sega has updated the official website for Yakuza : Ishin with new details and images . This time , we learn about the weapon training , level , grades , and records systems .
Get the full summary below .
Weapon Training and Strengthening
The weapon and armor training system has the biggest volume of the series .
Not only is there the katana and pistol , there are also special weapons including the spear , long sword , and cannon . Furthermore you can equip armor on your head , arms , and chest , resulting in endless combinations .
Test your weapons at the blacksmith .
You can create and strengthen your armor at the blacksmith . By working , your blacksmithing skills will improve .
Creating and strengthening weapons requires raw materials , of which there are over 100 kinds .
These materials can be found in various ways , including when you defeat enemies and pick up the items they drop , when you break jars during battle , when you help people , and when you cultivate vegetables . You can collect them in various ways . The rewards you get from clearing the battle dungeon also make for an effective way to collect materials .
At the blacksmith , by adding materials to your base weapon you can make new weapons .
Of the weapons you can make , aside from the attack and defense parameters there are also special abilities like cladding yourself in flame or making enemy defense easy to pull down .
It is also possible to make special flame and lightning bullets .
There are three ways to strengthen your weapons and armor : tempering , status elevation , and synthesis . Tempering : By forging and fixing weapons and armor , your basic attack , defense power , and abilities will level up . There is an upper limit to the numerical values , but raising the status of a weapon or armor will yield even more possibilities with tempering . Status Elevation : All weapons and armor without exception will be dull immediately after being made . With status elevation you can strengthen each high weapon or armor , such as by making a sharp sword into a first-rate sword . By promoting your weapons and armor , the upper limits of tempering will not only be thrown open , competition with enemies will become advantageous components that control the state of the war . Synthesis : Cross breed weapons or armor . The abilities of the arms that you make into raw materials are marked into base arms . Weapons that feature the abilities of both can be made . The number of marks differs depending on the weapon or armor .
Levels and Grades
Of the components of growth for the main character Sakamoto Ryoma there are levels ( max 99 ) and four types of grades ( max 25 ) .
With each gradation you will obtain a “ spirit globe , ” and by injecting these you will acquire more abilities .
The main character 's level will go up with the experience points accumulated by defeating enemies and clearing goals , and can be raised up to 99 . When you level up , your physical strength and hand-to-hand attack power will rise .
By using and fighting with the four types of unique grades , sword , pistol , boisterous dance , and hand-to-hand combat , you can rise to 25 .
Leveling up and raising grades will allow you to obtain a “ spirit globe. ” Inject these into techniques in the ability enhance screen and you will be able to make use of them in battle .
Ability enhance items are divided into types , and the training spirit globe you acquire by leveling up can be put inserted in each slide . But the spirit globes acquired by grading up are colored and can only be injected into with abilities of the same type .
How far the grade of each type can be raised , and where you inject spirit globes , will greatly influence your fighting style .
Records & War Record
The battle evaluation system “ war record ” has been added . Answering to the main character 's fighting style in each battle , “ records ” will be decided , and experience points and rewards will increase and decrease .
In battle , how well you perform combo attacks and if you decided on counter techniques or hit action—answering to these actions , valuation will be added and you can raise your “ records ” grade by grade .
When the grade of each “ record ” is raised , experience points you gain from that battle onward will increase , and will be added to the “ collective war record ” that is calculated when you finish a battle .
When battles finish , the entire valuation will be displayed as the “ collective war record. ” Sum up the valuations at the end of battle , and depending on the variation of the techniques you used and their difficulty , the valuation will be determined . As valuations rise , you will receive wrapped offerings of money and added experience points .
View a new set of screenshots at the gallery .
Thanks , Game Jouhou .
The mainstream media has been busy at work admonishing the alternative media , trying to accuse us of being fake news… But if the alternative media did not exist , who would be around to call the mainstream media out on their “ fake news ” ?
The New York Times has been caught in a blatant lie , a lie so blatant in fact , that the outlet was forced to issue an embarrassing correction on their own article after being called on it .
After Trump won the election , outlets outed in Wikileaks as colluding with the Clinton campaign went straight to work whining about how Hillary won the popular vote and crying that the Electoral College should be banished .
In a piece titled “ Time to End the Electoral College , ” The NYT Editorial Board wrote :
By overwhelming majorities , Americans would prefer to elect the president by direct popular vote , not filtered through the antiquated mechanism of the Electoral College . They understand , on a gut level , the basic fairness of awarding the nation 's highest office on the same basis as every other elected office — to the person who gets the most votes .
and
Yes , Mr. Trump won under the rules , but the rules should change so that a presidential election reflects the will of Americans and promotes a more participatory democracy .
and
The Electoral College , which is written into the Constitution , is more than just a vestige of the founding era ; it is a living symbol of America 's original sin .
Pretty dramatic , huh ?
The outlet went on to say :
This page opposed the Electoral College in 1936 , and in more recent years as well . In 2004 , President George W. Bush won the popular vote by more than three million , but they could have lost the Electoral College with a switch of fewer than 60,000 votes in Ohio .
But they left out one little bit of info… the editorial board DEFENDED the Electoral College in 2000 when George W. Bush lost the popular vote but won the Electoral College .
In a piece titled , “ The Case for the Electoral College , ” the board specifically disagreed with… you 'll never guess… Hillary Clinton on abolishing the EC , writing :
Among others , New York 's senator-elect , Hillary Rodham Clinton , has condemned the present system and promised to co-sponsor legislation abolishing it and providing for the direct election of the president . That would be a mistake . The Electoral College has enough benefits to justify its survival .
and
Yet the arguments for the Electoral College are also compelling , and in our view , outweigh the majoritarian case put forward by Mrs. Clinton and others . The nation 's founders sought in various creative ways to create checks and balances , both inside and outside government . The Electoral College was first and foremost a compact among states , large and small , designed to ensure that one state or one region did not dominate the others .
and
The system has survived earlier instances in which the winner of the popular vote was denied the presidency . Wise voters and legislators will want to make sure that it survives this one as well .
So which is it , NYT ? America 's original sin or a system of checks and balances “ designed to ensure that one state or one region did not dominate the others ” ?
Once they “ remembered ” they were n't exactly being honest about their Electoral College position , NYT was forced to issue this correction on their 2016 call for abolishing the EC :
Correction : An earlier version of this editorial incorrectly stated that the editorial board has been opposed to the Electoral College going back 80 years . It failed to note an exception : in 2000 , the board defended the college after the election of George W. Bush .
Egg on their face much ?
Kind of proves that nothing they say politically means much of anything , does n't it ?
This is beyond hypocritical… What it shows is that the NYT will change positions and rally for whomever the chosen establishment candidate is no matter what , even if it makes them look like ridiculous hypocrites .
It brings to mind a quote from David Rockefeller , something they said during a speech they gave at the 1991 Bilderberg Group meeting attended by then-Governor Bill Clinton and Dan Quayle :
“ We are grateful to the Washington Post , the New York Times , Time Magazine and other great publications whose directors have attended our meetings and respected their promises of discretion for almost forty years… It would have been impossible for us to develop our plan for the world if we had been subjected to the lights of publicity during those years . But , the world is more sophisticated and prepared to march towards a world government . The supranational sovereignty of an intellectual elite and world bankers is surely preferable to the national autodetermination practiced in past centuries . ”
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports , analyses , breaking news and videos ( Click for details ) .
Contributed by Melissa Dykes of The Daily Sheeple .
Melissa Dykes is a writer , researcher , and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes , a site that offers teleprompter-free , unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in . Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent . Wake the flock up !
Tim Southee is back in the New Zealand team for the second test against the West Indies , but regular wicketkeeper BJ Watling is not .
The senior seamer missed New Zealand 's innings and 67-run win at the Basin Reserve due to the birth of their child .
Southee returned for the opening round of the Ford Trophy and picked up three wickets in Northern Districts ' five-wicket win over Wellington in Whangarei .
Canterbury seamer Matt Henry took Southee 's place in the first test and took three second innings wickets with an impressive performance .
Advertisement
Southee , 29 , has taken 204 wickets in 57 tests and seems likely to return for the Hamilton test as a regular first choice pick .
Watling , who has played 52 tests and averages 38.05 with the bat , is recovering from a niggling hip injury .
It has prevented them wicketkeeping in ND 's last five games so they would be rusty if they had been chosen for the second test , but the injury does n't seem to be affecting their batting .
They made 115 in the weekend win over Wellington before tumbling to the ground with cramp taking a quick single .
No Watling confirms Tom Blundell gets an opportunity to back up from their fine debut in the first West Indies test . At the Basin Reserve , they became the first New Zealand wicketkeeper to score a century on debut , an unbeaten 107 .
Their glovework was generally tidy although they did let one ball fly beneath their gloves for four byes from spinner Mitch Santner .
The spare players in the Wellington test squad , George Worker and Lockie Ferguson , are being released back to Central Districts and Auckland for tomorrow 's second round domestic 50-over matches .
However Ferguson will rejoin the test squad on Thursday to prepare for the second test , which starts on Saturday .
The reason they were not released for the first round , after being left out of the first test was it was felt better they stay and train with the red ball , rather than dropping back to playing white ball cricket with their provinces .
New Zealand coach Mike Hesson said while Watling is making good progress `` it 's slow progress .
`` He can obviously bat , they can move in the field , probably not as freely as he 'd like and he 's unavailable from a keeping perspective . It 's a shame , '' they added .
Hesson avoided the question of whether Watling would have come back for Tom Blundell , who made a century on debut at the Basin Reserve .
`` We 've always shown a lot of confidence in the incumbents . BJ has been a world class performer over a long period of time for us .
`` Tom asked us a really nice question and showed they deserve more opportunities in time . It 's not a question we need to answer at this stage , we 're just delighted at how they went . ''
Hesson hinted Southee would come back into the test team , after missing Wellington for personal reasons .
`` He played for ND ( on Sunday ) , he 's feeling good and has a really nice record for us in Hamilton so it 's good to have them back . ''
New Zealand second test squad : Kane Williamson © , Jeet Raval , Tom Latham , Ross Taylor , Henry Nicholls , Mitch Santner , Colin de Grandhomme , Tom Blundell , Tim Southee , Neil Wagner , Matt Henry , Lockie Ferguson , Trent Boult .
Earlier this week , it was widely reported that the world 's first floating windfarm is currently being installed off the coast of Peterhead in Scotland .
Statoil , which is developing the pilot Hywind windfarm , says the project aims to demonstrate the feasibility of future commercial , utility-scale floating windfarms .
Floating windfarms could have a number of advantages over conventional offshore windfarms . They can be placed in deeper waters where the wind is stronger and less variable . The turbines can be fully assembled close to shore before being towed out to sea and they could have less impact on wildlife than other types of wind turbine .
But with the technology still in its infancy and the costs relatively high , the question remains when , or if , they will be able to compete against fixed offshore wind turbines or other sources of energy .
Carbon Brief takes a look at the status of floating windfarms and their potential to provide renewable energy in the future .
( Update 18/10/2017 : Hywind Scotland today started to deliver electricity to the grid , Statoil has announced . This makes it the world 's first floating windfarm to be connected to the grid . )
( Update 16/2/2018 : Statoil yesterday announced Hywind Scotland had performed better than expected in its first three full months of production . The pilot project achieved an average capacity factor of 65 % over these winter months . For comparison , the typical capacity factor for a typical offshore wind farm during the winter is 45-60 % , according to Statoil . Statoil and its partner Masdar now have a target to reduce the costs of energy from the farm to €40-60/MWh ( £36-53/MWh ) by 2030 . )
How do floating turbines work ?
Just as oil and gas started with easier-to-access onshore developments , before moving to near offshore and , finally , to deeper locations , floating turbines represent a next phase in the location of wind turbines .
A floating wind turbine mounts a standard offshore model on a floating structure , rather than the fixed-bottom towers typically used for conventional offshore schemes . This allows floating windfarms to be located in depths far greater than the 50m-or-so limit of conventional offshore wind .
There are three dominant designs for floating wind structures : spar , tension leg platform ( TLP ) , and semi-submersible , shown left to right in the image below .
Each of these turbines gain their stability in different ways .
Spar-buoys rely on having the centre of gravity lower in the water than the centre of buoyancy . This is done by adding a heavy weight to the lower part of the structure .
Tension leg platforms – currently , the least advanced design – are anchored to the seabed and stabilised using tensioned mooring lines .
Semi-submersible platforms meanwhile are stabilised by buoyancy . They have 3-5 cylindrical platforms connected by tubes and float half submerged on the surface of the ocean whilst anchored to the seabed with mooring lines .
Rhodri James , a manager in Carbon Trust 's policy and innovation team , says these designs have been adapted from oil and gas technologies . They tell Carbon Brief :
“ The key difference is that , whereas oil and gas consists of a small number of very large platforms , floating offshore wind requires a larger number of smaller platforms . ”
( It 's worth noting the relative use of the word “ small ” here . The structures used for floating turbines still reach up to around 3,000 tonnes for steel designs and roughly 12,000 tonnes for concrete designs . )
The wind turbines used for floating windfarms are nearly identical to fixed-bottom structures .
What are the advantages of floating windfarms ?
The promise of floating offshore wind turbines lies in their ability to be tethered in deep waters of 50-1,000 metres . These are not suitable for conventional fixed-turbine offshore wind structures , which are constrained to water depths of less than 50 or 60 metres because of the need to embed foundations in the sea floor .
Therefore , they open up areas of sea not previously suitable for offshore wind power , including areas where the continental shelf drops off too fast for fixed turbines to be viable , such as off the US west coast , Japan and , in this case , Aberdeen .
According to a 2015 review by the Carbon Trust , floating turbines could become increasingly important as the world exhausts the “ low-hanging fruit ” of shallow near-shore sites and moves outwards from the coast .
The deeper waters where floating wind turbines can be located also have higher average wind speeds than closer to shore . This could lead to floating windfarms producing more electricity per gigawatt ( GW ) of installed capacity , increasing revenues . Higher capacity factors could also benefit onshore transmission networks by reducing variability .
They can also be almost completely put together close to shore before being towed out to their destination by simple , low-cost ships . This avoids the need to use expensive , heavy vessels to construct the wind turbines out at sea on top of permanent foundations .
The five turbines of the Scottish Hywind project , for instance , have been assembled in Norway and are in the process of being towed to the Scottish coast off Peterhead . This mobility could also be an advantage for heavy maintenance operations , where the turbines could be towed back to port .
Watch video !
Credit : Statoil
Finally , their location further out to sea could offer a remedy for some public opposition to windfarms . Visually they would be even less prominent , while , according to RSPB , they could also be less harmful to birds than farms placed closer to the coast and , thus , seabird nesting sites .
In addition , they avoid the need to pile-drive a large foundation into the seabed , as well as lengthy offshore construction activity , both of which can be temporarily disruptive to sea life , including whales and birds .
Are there any disadvantages ?
Aside from the cost due to being a nascent technology ( see below ) , there are several technical challenges floating windfarms are faced with .
The floating nature of the turbines themselves could pose some problems . Bobbing of the turbine about on the water could reduce its capture of wind energy and risk damaging windmill components . However , this is not believed to be a major challenge since tools have been designed to mitigated it by making alterations to the turbine control system .
However , several bespoke elements will need to be developed before they are used at large scale . These include dynamic electrical cables , mooring and anchoring systems , and floating substations .
According to James , while these are not necessarily going to be “ showstoppers ” , they will still require further research and development before large scale deployment can be achieved .
How much will they cost ?
As a young technology not yet commercially deployed , the costs of floating wind currently remain high . Early projects will need to be subsidised , meaning the rate of progression will depend to a large extent on political support . ( It 's worth noting that the Hywind pilot is currently heavily subsidised by the Scottish government . )
If this support is given , costs are expected by several experts to fall in line with conventional offshore wind , as designs are optimised and the technology is deployed at scale .
A 2015 Energy Technologies Institute ( ETI ) report found that large-scale floating windfarms could deliver a levelised cost of electricity of around £85 per megawatt hour ( MWh ) by the mid 2020s .
The Carbon Trust study similarly concluded leading floating wind concepts could reach a levelised cost of electricity of £85-95/MWh in large-scale commercial projects in the 2020s , with further innovation potentially seeing costs fall still further .
For comparison , the Hinkley Point strike price was set at £92.50 MWh in 2012 prices , a figure that is index linked so will rise with inflation over its 35-year contract .
Meanwhile , in the UK 's 2015 Contracts for Difference ( CfD ) auction , offshore wind 's status as a “ less established ” technology meant it was granted the higher-than-average strike price of £117/MWh in 2012 prices , also index linked .
It 's worth noting that conventional offshore wind costs are also rapidly falling , however . A 2017 Dong Energy report found offshore wind projects in the UK fell to an average of £97/MWh during 2015-16 . The results of the forthcoming auction for additional UK offshore wind capacity are widely expected to deliver costs below £85/MWh , beating a 2026 cost target set by the government by nine years .
James argues floating wind could be competitive with other energy technologies within the next decade if it is deployed at scale , particularly in markets with high energy demand in coastal areas with deep continental shelves .
Comparing conventional and floating windfarms , while the cost of the substructures for floating turbines – the spar buoy , for example – will likely remain higher than for fixed foundations , this may be negated to some extent by the advantages of floating windfarms listed above .
The IEA has said the cost of floating turbines today is the same as fixed-bottom ones a decade ago .
Any attempts to estimate the costs of future commercial projects will inevitably contain a great deal of uncertainty , since the technology is still in its infancy with few demonstrations actually in the water . Peter Stansby , professor of hydrodynamics at Manchester University , tells Carbon Brief :
“ These figures are always quoted as improvements . It 's very hard – nobody I do n't think predicted that [ the cost of ] fixed structure , monopile offshore wind platforms would actually drop the way they have . So it 's like putting your finger in the wind . ”
According to an article published last month by researchers from Offshore Renewable Energy Catapult in WindTECH International , once floating wind technology matures , the cost of substructures is the only area where cost or risk will lag materially behind monopiles .
How does Hywind work ?
Statoil , the developers of the Hywind pilot project currently being installed off the coast of Peterhead , claims it is the world 's first commercial floating windfarm .
The 30 megawatt ( MW ) farm will be powered by five giant turbines made by Siemens Gamesa , distributed across around four square kilometres . These will be placed in an area of sea 25 km offshore from Peterhead with a depth of between 95 and 120 metres .
For now , just one of the turbines has been moved to Scotland , with the rest expected to be in place by the end of August . Generation is expected to begin later this year .
The 253m-tall turbines are of the spar-buoy design ( see above ) , with 175m above the water and 78m below . According to a BBC article , Statoil claims the blades harness breakthrough software – which holds the tower upright by twisting the blades to dampen motions from wind , waves and currents .
The £190m pilot windfarm follows six years of testing by Statoil of a 2.3MW Hywind prototype installed off the island of Karmøy in Norway in 2009 . During this time , Statoil 's design optimisation allowed it to triple the power output of the turbine .
Statoil says the project aims to show cost efficiency and feasibility of multiple floating wind turbines in a region with optimal wind conditions , with its end goal being large scale floating offshore wind parks of 500-1,000MW . James says :
“ Hywind Scotland is a major step forward to the industry as it will demonstrate the technology in an array layout for the first time ( as opposed to the single prototype demonstrations to date ) . This will deliver important learnings in the construction and installation of multiple units and the interactions between turbines in a single windfarm . ”
Hywind is subsidised under the UK 's Renewable Obligation Certificate ( ROC ) scheme , through which it will receive £160/MWh on top of the wholesale price of electricity ( currently around £40/MWh ) . Statoil claims the costs of projects such as Hywind can be reduced by 40-50 % by 2030 . This could bring the cost down to around £100/MWh , similar to conventional offshore today . Given conventional offshore wind costs are also expected to fall , Statoil 's floating turbines would therefore remain more costly .
It 's worth noting that despite their generally favourable outlook on floating windfarms , the RSPB was opposed to the Hywind project as it is concerned that too many offshore turbines in the area have already been approved .
How many floating offshore projects are there ?
Research and development into floating offshore wind turbines has been going on for around a decade , with a range of studies , prototypes and pilots tested in the UK and further afield .
According to the Carbon Trust , there are over 30 concepts currently under development , although only five have been demonstrated at full scale in an offshore environment .
US firm Principle Power installed a prototype of its WindFloat semi-submersible design in Portugal in 2011 and plans to mount pilots in Portugal in 2019 and France in 2020/21 . SBM Offshore , meanwhile , aims to install a pilot farm of its tension-leg platform design in France in 2020/21 .
Will we see floating wind turbines all over the sea ?
While a nascent technology , floating offshore windfarms could open up areas of deeper sea not previously suitable for wind energy and show promise of some advantages over conventional offshore wind .
In 2013 , the EWEA said the energy produced from turbines in deep waters in the North Sea alone could meet the EU 's electricity consumption four times over . ( The variable output of wind means this would only be true across a full year , with other sources needed to fill in when the wind does n't blow ) .
Meanwhile , Scotland 's considerable natural wind resources , along with its well-developed supply chain and infrastructure developed for the offshore oil and gas sector , offer potential as a market for floating wind technology .
This could also open up further markets for the UK : another Carbon Trust paper , published in 2014 , said Europe 's more developed offshore wind industry could be leveraged to speed up deployment in Japan , highlighting floating wind as a key area .
According to James , current market signals suggest that the first large-scale floating windfarms could be installed by 2025 . This could pave the way for considerable growth over the coming decades , they say .
The development of floating wind could see wind power expanded to areas in the northern part of the North Sea , the Mediterranean and Atlantic coastlines of Western Europe , as well as locations outside Europe with deep continental shelves , such as parts of Japan , Taiwan , South Korea and the US .
This story was updated on 28/7/2017 to include the cost of the subsidy Hywind will receive under the ROC .
I founded my empire in the depths of the earth . As it grew , I built it with the bones and rotting corpses of the subterranean dwarven kingdoms . For millennia , I crafted my undead legions , preparing to crawl out of the caves and rock and wage war on the evil in the world . That 's right . My zombie army was good and holy , wanting nothing more than to create a unified world government founded on the principles of cooperation , trade , and kindness .
Age of Wonders III encourages this type of emergent , player-centric storytelling . The more I play , the more I realize that its strengths come from the unique melding of role-playing and turn-based strategy . It trusts you to create your own rich role-playing experiences and lets you control the narrative through empire-building and a robust tactical battle system . The result is a vibrant , special game that is ruthlessly entertaining . Age of Wonders III 's latest expansion bolsters an already exceptional core with more races to play , a better grand-scale strategy , and an excellent morality system .
Eternal Lords trusts you to create your own rich role-playing experiences and lets you control the narrative through empire-building and a robust tactical battle system .
Those familiar with the Age of Wonders series , particularly the third installment , will immediately recognize the tactical/strategic duality driving each session . You 'd bounce between macro- and micro-management , controlling both the direction and structure of your civilization as well as the outcome of individual battles . However , that two-stage system is hard for any game to pull off well , and it was one of Age of Wonders ' weakest points . While tactical bouts had plenty of variety and the available options made matches thrilling and tense , the large-scale planning lacked depth , leading to a lackluster half . Eternal Lords finally brings enough new features to flesh out the game and cover almost all the base game 's weaknesses .
For starters , two new races ( the Frostlings and the Tigrans ) are added to the basic Dwarves and Elves . Both have a visual flair and uniqueness all their own . Frostlings , for example , are an offensive race with bonuses for ice magic . They dwell in cold areas and can take advantage of often-barren land to launch raids on more temperate cultures . Tigrans are their natural foil . Based on the mythology of ancient Egyptian culture , they are a quick , desert-dwelling class of felines . They worship the sun and idolize the duality of nature . To wit , Tigrans specialize in necromancy , and they worship the dead as well as the living . This makes Tigrans an ideal pairing for Eternal Lords ' new class -- the Necromancer .
In the base Age of Wonders III game and the first expansion , players chose both the race and class of their young nation 's leader . Because a good chunk of the game was modeled after Dungeons and Dragons and similar fantasy settings , the classes were standard fare : rogues , warlocks , and warriors . Necromancers are a bit different . Whereas the others fit into standard heroic archetypes , fiction has always associated the art of controlling the minds and bodies of the dead with evil . Let us not forget that in the original Hobbit novel , Tolkien created a necromancer character who bided their time until they could revive themselves as the Dark Lord Sauron .
Age of Wonders III 's latest expansion bolsters an already exceptional core with more races to play , a better grand-scale strategy , and an excellent morality system .
Suffice it to say , it 's a strange premise to work into an empire-building strategy game . Even fictional conceptualizations of the undead lend themselves to a different system of goals and values . The dead , for example , do n't care where they are or what they 're doing . They 're nigh unlimited as well because any war is likely to yield more soldiers to bolster your armies . Eternal Lords understands this and makes necromancy and its related magicks whole and distinct .
I spent the majority of my time with Eternal Lords leading an undead sect of dwarves below ground . I defended my cities with small bands who could summon up much larger armies from fallen warriors on the battlefield . They were a bit weaker than some other units , but I overwhelmed my enemy with sheer numbers . After a time , I gathered enough power to cast a massive spell that revived recently killed troops from around the world under my control . I had become a demigod , and my abrupt omnipresence spooked other world leaders . In short order , I flooded the surface with my abominations and championed the spread of good and kindness throughout the world . Again , it might sound incongruous , but it does a make a sort of sense when you consider how all of Eternal Lords ' pieces fit together .
For example , the morality system facilitates a broad variety of play styles and leads to some distinct late-game units based on your alignment . The path of good is tied more to sparing the lives of the innocent and protecting the weak than it is to any cosmic moral authority . As such , I decided that my undead were like friendly vampires . They did what they needed to do , but they were more interested in establishing systems of cooperation with the hope that everyone else would willingly choose to become zombies at some point in the future .
To that end , I made friends with the other races , brought them under my protection , and governed them as well as I could . I eventually converted them , but they were almost always better for it . Those choices lead to a positive alignment in the game , and I won by unifying the globe in peace and harmony . You wo n't see any complex , ambiguous moral quandaries here , but it works as the foundation for a creative system to promote an interesting network of decisions and allegiances .
Tendencies towards openness and role-playing even show up in Eternal Lords ' single-player campaign . Here , you 'll play as Arvik , a necromantic Frostling . They are the heir to their kingdom 's throne and is thrust into a complex political situation , forcing them to make a series of tough calls as they unlock their abilities as a powerful wizard . Each new scenario presents you with important decisions regarding how you want to govern your people and what kind of leader you want to be . It 's not the best writing around , but it does reinforce the themes of Eternal Lords ' minute-to-minute play -- engaging decisions .
Eternal Lords carries a few problems over from its core game . Worker units are n't terribly useful , for example , outside of building singular roads . Flying units can move around the battlefield without any kind of penalty , and because those are typically the strongest units ( i.e. , dragons ) , it can sometimes feel like you do n't have much recourse against stronger opponents . That 's balanced somewhat by the sterling tactical play , which rewards careful planning and gutsy gambles , but it still leaves something to be desired .
The morality system facilitates a broad variety of play styles and leads to some distinct late-game units based on your alignment .
Strategy game legend and Civilization creator Sid Meier once said , `` Games are a series of interesting decisions . '' By that metric , Age of Wonders III : Eternal Lords is excellent . Your possibility space is vast , and you can craft your adventure and your nation in any number of ways . Systems of morality , player races and classes , and governance all work together to create an interlocking web of player-driven narrative potential . This expansion 's only real weaknesses are those endemic to the structure of the base game , but Eternal Lords is a worthy follow-up and fresh take on the classic turn-based strategy game formula .
Are you a mom who took maternity leave ? It was the best vacation ever , right ? Did n't you just laze the days away on your unstained sofa , snuggled up with a good book and a glass of Cabernet while your precious one slept peacefully all night and day long ? Did n't you emerge from your two or six or 12 weeks — 12 ! You slacker ! — feeling relaxed and refreshed , and not , say , like a leaky-boobed sleepless zombie prone to intermittent crying fits and painful flashbacks to the time someone sewed their genitals back together after they expelled an entire human being ?
Excuse me , where was I ? Oh yes , vacation ! Maternity leave is an amazing vacation … tell your friends !
I 'll give you a minute to punch your computer screen now .
So … back to reality : Believe or not , some folks really do buy into the idea that maternity leave is some blissful , easy sabbatical for us pesky procreators . Take it from working moms who have endured snide “ vacation ” jabs from colleagues and faced superiors who insisted on heaping holiday shifts on them simply because they 'd already been “ off ” for a few weeks — this despite the fact that , too often , their so-called vacation is largely or totally unpaid .
But please , take heart , newly-minted working moms . Since humor is a great way to diffuse any uncomfortable situation , I 've consulted some of the funniest mom bloggers on the planet to help you honestly ( and graphically ! ) respond to misguided coworkers . Here are their helpful suggestions :
“ I did just spend 12 weeks in a total stupor , so yes , just like vacation , but with more stitches in my vagina. ” — Brenna Jennings , Suburban Snapshots
“ The best part of vacation was when I was writhing in pain from hemorrhoids from spending two hours pushing another human out of my body . I mean if that 's not relaxing … I do n't know what is. ” — Harmony Hobbs , Modern Mommy Madness
“ If by vacation you mean being sawed in half , stapled back together , and asked to fart in front of strangers , then YES . I had a fan-friggin-tastic vacation . Oh ! And here 's your souvenir : a pair of mesh undies with a built-in ice pack . You 're welcome. ” — Stephanie Jankowski , When Crazy Meets Exhaustion
“ I brought a souvenir for everyone . It 's dried placenta . I 've got vacation pictures of my episiotomy in the break room . You should check them out. ” — Jen Mann , People I Want to Punch In the Throat
“ I was scared to poop , could n't get laid , and had to ice my lady bits . If that was a vacation I need a new travel agent. ” — Toni Hammer , Is It Bedtime Yet ?
“ Because every vacation should start out with a sore vagina and the inability to sit down . I also love to wake up every two to three hours and let someone suckle at my sore nipples while on vacation. ” — Jennifer Weeden Palazzo , Mom Cave TV
“ It was a total blast ! I got a full 40 minutes of rest and got to talk to some really nice circus performers I had contacted about selling my baby into their troupe in a moment of desperation . I am already stocking up on those sweet hospital mesh panties for my next go around . Now , you 'll excuse me — I have to go pick up my husband from their therapy appointment . They still have a touch of PTSD after seeing all the blood loss , but we have strong hopes for a full recovery ! ” — Meredith Spidel , The Mom of the Year
“ You 're right , I 'm being inconsiderate . I 'll come back to work right away . You 'll just have to order some extra items from office supplies , like goggles and screen protectors , so the milk showers from my leaky nipples do n't affect productivity . I 'll also need some extra assistants to help with things like applying my hemorrhoid cream and assembling my vaginal soothing pads , but you guys are team players , right ? Also , I 'm a bit hormonal , so you might want to purchase some helmets for yourselves , and hide the staplers . Now , where 's that cabana boy with my piña colada ? ? ” — Alessandra Macaluso , Punkwife.com
Prefer a response that focuses less on your nether region ? Try comparing childbirth to other major medical situations . Jenna Karvunidis of High Gloss and Sauce recommends the succinct but effective , “ Did you tell that to Jim in accounting when they came back to work after heart surgery ? ”
My blogger friends largely focused on the aftermath of and recovery from labor … which is not surprising because nothing says “ I 'm in desperate need of leave ” than phrases such as “ had to ice my lady bits. ” But beyond the physical aspects of having a baby , there are countless sleepless nights , constant diaper changes and feeding traumas associated with newborn care that exhaust moms and dads , biological and adoptive parents alike . Such conditions , too , do n't exactly make for a relaxing “ vacation ” for whichever parent manages to take leave .
Got your own great idea for a comeback that helps clueless co-workers understand that maternity ( or paternity ) leave really is n't a vacation ? Let me know in the comments section below !
Image courtesy of ThinkStock
Article Posted 4 years Ago
Photo
In March 2006 , a parody video asked , “ What if Microsoft made the iPod ? ” The clip began with an image of the real packaging for an iPod , that familiar white box with a single picture of the music player . Then , bit by bit , it added what would happen if Microsoft got involved .
By the end of three minutes , the dainty music player had been renamed the iPod Pro 2005 XP Human Ear Professional Edition With Subscription , and the stark box was sullied with stickers and jargon promoting almost every technical feature on the device . A design inspired by modernist architecture ( think the Guggenheim Museum ) was turned into a gaudy billboard ( think a trinket store in Times Square ) .
In recent years , Microsoft has been trying to shed its reputation for trumpeting features over simplicity , but old habits are proving hard to break . Yes , Microsoft has released products like the Xbox and Windows Phone 7 that were intuitive to consumers and marketed with a fair amount of finesse . But far too often , the company has tried to create products for the modern consumer with a mind-set from the information technology back room .
And there are consequences for this disconnect beyond satirical videos . Microsoft said this month that it was taking a $ 900 million write-down for unsold inventory of the Surface RT tablet , which went on sale less than a year ago .
Just thinking about the Microsoft Surface tablets is a head-scratcher . The company offered two products , the Surface RT and the Surface Pro . One came with a pen . They both had USB ports , microSDXC card slots , HD video ports , flip-back stands , different screen resolutions and two types of Windows software .
If all that confused you , you are not alone . While the technologically savvy most likely lapped up those features , average consumers did not .
“ Windows is a hammer , and everything looks like a nail ” to Microsoft , said Ryan Block , a former editor at Engadget and a co-founder of Gdgt , a gadget Web site . “ You can look at the Surface , which is the best example ; they created this totally blown-out tablet based around Windows and Windows-like experiences that did n't translate ” for most people .
Microsoft enthusiasts and some pundits came to the company 's defense last week , saying that the Surface had failed because the iPad hit the market years earlier and had too much of a head start .
Maybe . But I have a different theory : the Surface failed because Microsoft confused consumers who did n't want to think about RT or Pro or what version of Windows their new device would run .
“ The people in Redmond have a fundamental misunderstanding of what users are looking for , which is not speeds and feeds , ” said J. P. Gownder , a vice president and principal analyst at Forrester Research . ( Microsoft is based in Redmond , Wash . )
“ Speeds and feeds ” is an old trade magazine term for the technical specifications of a new PC . Fifteen years ago , that a computer was a little bit faster or had more memory than the last version was a very big deal . The string of numbers and jargon on the side of a computer 's box was a sort of runic code that made sense to I.T . managers or tech-savvy relatives coerced into helping the less sophisticated . It told them what to buy .
That is just not the case anymore . Consumers demand something that is easy to understand , and they got that in products like the iPad .
There is one flaw in the theory that Microsoft 's tablet did not catch on because the iPad was already popular : Microsoft was late to the game , but it was hardly late to the idea . The company helped popularize the term “ tablet PC ” when Bill Gates introduced one in 2000 at the annual Comdex computer show in Las Vegas .
But it was Apple , a decade later , that figured out how to simplify the tablet and sell it to mainstream customers .
Microsoft says one of the reasons the company does offer all of these features — and feels the need to explain its gigahertz and gigabytes — is that it has to market its products to small businesses and I.T . professionals , and they still obsess over bigger , better , faster .
That 's where technology culture runs into consumer culture , and the two clash .
Frank X. Shaw , Microsoft 's vice president for corporate communications , said the company was trying to do something about that . They said Microsoft had made great strides to instill a more balanced culture of design , marketing and engineering , and executives there said a reorganization announced this month would inspire more consumer-friendly offerings .
Microsoft said it was dissolving its eight product divisions in favor of four new ones arranged around more specific themes . “ To execute , we 've got to move from multiple Microsofts to one Microsoft , ” Steven A. Ballmer , the company 's chief executive , told my colleague Nick Wingfield in an interview .
“ Are we an engineering-focused culture ? Yes , we are , and that 's good . Most great technology companies , at their core , have a deep engineering bias , ” Mr. Shaw said . “ One of the goals is to make sure we have a more singular vision for what we 're offering to people . ”
A few months after the satirical iPod video first drew attention online , Microsoft acknowledged that it had been responsible for the video . Turns out , it was meant to be circulated internally to show how the company needed to change its culture .
I asked Mr. Shaw about the iPod clip , and they said Microsoft had evolved from an insular technology culture to one that is more aware of customers ' needs .
“ I think we 're significantly better , ” they said , while acknowledging that the company still had work to do . “ The question is , How do you mirror engineering with equally strong skills in design and marketing ? If you 're overly strong in any of those areas , odd things can happen . ”
He 's right . Odd things like Microsoft 's convoluted Surface tablets .
E-mail : bilton @ nytimes.com
Sydney-based Krispy Kreme chief executive Andrew McGuigan is excited to bring the franchise to New Zealand .
Kiwis will get their first taste of Krispy Kreme doughnuts next year .
The global doughnut company 's first New Zealand store is expected to open in Manukau , south Auckland , in March next year .
Construction of its retail store and manufacturing facility is underway as part of an $ 8 million development on a 2.6 hectare site in Ronwood Ave that 's owned by the Wiri Licensing Trust .
A depiction of how the Krispy Kreme store in Manukau will look once completed .
Trust chairperson Alan Johnson was aware some people may criticise the decision to open a doughnut store in south Auckland , given health problems among some local communities .
READ MORE :
* Five of the best doughnuts in Auckland
* South Africa 's first Starbucks opens to long queues
`` There is the issue of obesity , '' Johnson said .
CHRIS HARROWELL/STUFF Alan Johnson says the development will create up to 150- full- and part-time jobs , many of which will be filled by school leavers .
`` Krispy Kreme is conscious of it in terms of the way they market their product , such as not doing so to children .
`` This is something to have occasionally [ rather than regularly ] . ''
They describe the development , which will include a new tavern , as a `` game-changer '' for the trust .
DAVID BEBBER The global franchise was founded in 1937 in the United States .
Johnson says the Australian company that owns the Krispy Kreme franchise in Australia will lease its site from the trust , which will own and operate the adjacent tavern .
`` This is probably the biggest development for us in our 48-year history .
`` It will create up to 150 full and part-time jobs in roles such as management , operations management , retail and foodservice , and manufacturing .
`` Some of the jobs will give young people a start in employment . Everything that 's sold in the store will be made on-site . ''
Johnson says the development will provide the trust with a profitable investment with a `` high-profile and reliable tenant '' .
`` I 'm really excited by it . I think it 's a brand south Aucklanders will love . ''
In order to make way for the Krispy Kreme store and the tavern , a bar that had stood on the site has been demolished .
They say the tavern , which is expected to open in June next year , will be an establishment of very high quality .
`` We hope that what we 're offering will be much better than anything else in Manukau for dining and in terms of being family-friendly .
`` It 's going to be something special and unique . ''
Sydney-based Krispy Kreme chief executive Andrew McGuigan says they too are excited by the venture and the company 's entry into New Zealand .
`` The brand is already strong globally and we believe there 's huge opportunity for Krispy Kreme to become a favourite amongst Kiwis .
`` The Manukau site is ideal for our flagship store and operational facility and we expect it to be a popular destination that all can enjoy . ''
Nathan Rahui runs the 'Bring Krispy Kreme to New Zealand ' Facebook page , which they started in 2010 and is followed by more than 3600 people .
The 22-year-old tertiary student , who lives in Hamilton , Waikato , is `` absolutely stoked '' New Zealand is getting a Krispy Kreme store , they said .
`` There are a lot of Kiwis who want this to happen , as shown by the general feedback on the [ Facebook ] page .
`` It 's safe to say I 'll be in line when it opens , to get my hands on an original glazed doughnut or 12 .
`` I first tried the original glazed doughnut on a trip to Sydney when my aunty bought a box for us . It 's by far the best [ doughnut available ] . ''
The south Auckland facility will offer a retail store and drive-through and will also be the company 's manufacturing base for Auckland and Waikato .
Photo
THERE is something both innocent and exciting about a picnic , even if you are only packing a few things at the last minute and heading down the street to the park . It may be nothing fancier than bologna or tuna salad on white bread , but you 're still likely to have a good time , which is probably why many of us remain devoted to the same picnic foods we 've eaten all our lives .
But at some point , you may get the urge to vary the menu a bit . With that in mind , I 'd like to make a few — or , actually , 101 — suggestions , ranging from snacks to dessert . With a little shopping , a little effort , and 20 minutes or less for assembly , you can create the kind of carry-out food that will put the local prepared food shops to shame while saving you a small fortune . No matter how faithful you are to your old favorites , I 'll bet you will find something intriguing here .
1 BEET SALAD Peel beets and grate them ( a food processor will keep the juice contained ) . Add pistachios or hazelnuts ; dress with orange zest and juice , and olive oil . Add bits of goat cheese and chopped parsley .
2 PESTO CHICKEN ROLLS Season and grill chicken cutlets . Brush lavash or any other wrap-type bread with pesto ; layer with the chicken , sun-dried tomatoes and arugula ; roll up and cut on the bias .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
3 CURRIED EGG SALAD Make egg salad with hard-cooked eggs , mayo , curry powder , Dijon mustard , fresh lime juice , salt , pepper , cilantro , red onion and , if you like , diced apple .
Halloween—also known as All Hallows Eve—conjures images of black cats , witches , monsters and ghouls . But the simple “ creepy ” reputation cast upon spiders does a disservice to the arachnid 's cunning abilities to capture prey .
George Washington University Ruth Weintraub Professor of Biology Gustavo Hormiga shared the complex methods that seven spiders use to trap their victims . Each image is accompanied by audio of Professor Hormiga describing the spider 's characteristics and unique habits .
All photos are courtesy of Dr. Hormiga .
Symphytognathid spider Patu
This is the orb web of the symphytognathid spider Patu , photographed in the Dominican Republic . The web is about 4 centimeters in diameter , but this is enormous compared to the size of the spider that built it . Symphytognathids include the smallest known spider species , with the tiniest spider being Anapistula ataecina from Portugal , measuring less than half a millimeter . This web contains many radii and spiral turns , classic features of orb web architecture , to form a fine mesh . These webs are built on the forest floor in tropical and sub-tropical areas . & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; a data-cke-saved-href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/6-this-web-is-humongous-in-size-r ... href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/6-this-web-is-humongous-in-size-r .... & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; ldquo ; This web is humongous in size relative to the size of the spider that built it , the smallest known spider species. & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; rdquo ; by The George Washington University & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /a & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Phonognatha graeffei
This is the orb web of Phonognatha graeffei , a leaf-curling spider from Australia . Typical orb web architecture consists of a frame , radii and spiral turns , and in this case most of the turns are made from sticky silk . This type of silk is sticky in a gluey , chemical way , which is different from the fuzzy cribellate silk of Deinopis and other cribellate orb weavers . Orb weavers can use up to seven different types of silk with different chemical and physical properties .
Phonognatha webs are easy to identify because they pick up a leaf and curl it up to form a retreat in the hub of the web . Adult males and females will often share the retreat , which is unusual . & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; a data-cke-saved-href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/7-these-webs-are-easily-distingui ... href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/7-these-webs-are-easily-distingui .... & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; ldquo ; These webs are easily distinguishable because they use a leaf in their hub , which they pick up and roll as a retreat. & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; by The George Washington University & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /a & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Exechocentrus lamcearius
Exechocentrus lancearius , a type of bolas spider , is a rare spider first described in the late 1800s . Only two adult specimens are known in the world . Found in Madagascar , this image captures the first time that Exechocentrus was photographed alive . At night the nocturnal bolas spider will build a single-stranded web with two gluey droplets . Bolas spiders attract male moths of certain species to the web by releasing pheromones similar to a female moth . The bolas spider waits in complete darkness , swinging the web around in circles until it catches a male moth . On average , bolas spiders capture two to three moths per night . & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; a data-cke-saved-href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/5-this-is-an-extremely-rare-anima ... href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/5-this-is-an-extremely-rare-anima .... & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; ldquo ; This is an extremely rare animal ; this is the first time it has been photographed alive. & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; rdquo ; by The George Washington University & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /a & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Deinopis
This is a species of Deinopis , a net-casting spider , photographed in Madagascar . These spiders create highly-modified orb webs , and this one is holding a foraging web with its first two pairs of legs . Deinopis spiders spin webs using a very ancient form of silk called cribellate silk , which it combs with tiny structures on its legs to give it the fuzzy appearance seen in this photo . During the day , Deinopis are stick mimics , stretching out flat to camouflage themselves among sticks and branches . At night , net-casting spiders catch prey that walk or fly near them by striking forward or backward with the foraging web . & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; a data-cke-saved-href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/4-it-s-a-net-casting-spider-they- ... href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/4-it-s-a-net-casting-spider-they- .... & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; ldquo ; It & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; rsquo ; s a net-casting spider . They can do forward or backward strikes with this web. & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; rdquo ; by The George Washington University & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /a & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Deinopis
Deinopis , a net-casting spider from Australia , is also sometimes known as the ogre-faced spider . These spiders have four pairs of eyes , and this photo shows the largest set . Their eyes feature the largest single lens of any invertebrate and they are extremely efficient at gathering light in the dark . These Deinopis eyes are roughly 2,000 times better at capturing light than the human eye . In photography terms , human eyes have an f-number—or physical aperture and focal length— of about two . Animals with good night vision have lower f-numbers . Owl eyes have an f-number of 1.1 , while Deinopis is 0.58—the lowest known f-number . This sensitivity comes at a cost—each day the cells that sense light within the eyes must be regenerated after the bright light of early morning destroys them . & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; a data-cke-saved-href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/3-these-are-also-known-as-ogre-fa ... href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/3-these-are-also-known-as-ogre-fa .... & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; ldquo ; These are also known as ogre-faced spiders ; they have incredible ability to capture light in very dim or dark conditions. & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; rdquo ; by The George Washington University & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /a & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Theraphona blondi
This goliath tarantula , Theraphosa blondi , is native to northern South America and the largest known spider . It is roughly the size of a dinner plate , and can live up to 25 years in captivity . It is a nocturnal species that lives mostly on the ground , feeding on small animals including frogs and snakes . This spider was photographed in Brazil near the city of Manaus .
& amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; a data-cke-saved-href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/2-the-largest-known-spider-specie ... href= & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; quot ; http : //gwuniversity.bandcamp.com/track/2-the-largest-known-spider-specie .... & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; ldquo ; The largest known spider species ; It & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; rsquo ; s about the size of a dinner plate. & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; rdquo ; by The George Washington University & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; lt ; /a & amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; gt ;
Gelanor latus
Advertisement Maine woman finds 2-headed baby snapping turtle 2-headed turtle named Frank and Stein Share Copy Link Copy
A woman in Maine has come across a two-headed baby snapping turtle that was trying to cross the road . Kathleen Talbot of Hudson tells WLBZ-TV they found the tiny creature this week while they were watching turtle hatchlings to make sure they arrived safely at the other side of the street . They noticed one of the turtles had been left behind . It was so dirty they thought at first that it had two feet in front . It was n't until they got home and washed off the turtle that they realized it had two heads . The turtle fits easily into the palm of their hand . They named it Frank and Stein.Mobile users click for viewer wildlife photos13448540
$ 40k Fun : Ford Focus ST , MINI Cooper S , VW Golf GTI Performance And Subaru WRX Comparison Test
TMR takes to the hills around Melbourne to put a quartet of small and ( mostly ) practical performance cars through the wringer . Which will take the crown for all-round best buy ?
Read on ...
Variants Reviewed Fuel use - l/100km Model Power/Torque claimed tested Subaru WRX > 197kW/350Nm 9.2 10.4 Ford Focus ST > 184kW/340Nm 7.4 10.6 MINI Cooper S > 141kW/280Nm 5.9 7.9 VW Golf GTI P > 169kW/350Nm 6.6 10.1
Overview
Say you 've got a budget of around $ 40,000 and you want something a bit fun . Something a bit practical , something you wo n't tire of driving , and something that oozes cool .
With $ 40k to spend the choices are many , but we 've assembled a group of some of the newest small speedsters - as well as an old favourite .
Cheapest here is the $ 36,950 MINI Cooper S. It 's all-new and trades heavily on its unique design and go-kart handling . The smallest car in this group , it 's also a lot less versatile .
Next is the $ 38,290 Ford Focus ST . When launched , it redefined what 'good value ' meant among hot hatches , offering in excess of 180kW for substantially less that $ 40k . It 's about halfway through its life cycle now though , so has time robbed it of some of its sheen ?
The Subaru WRX , meanwhile , is one of the most impressive sub- $ 40k performance cars around . It wowed us at its local launch by proving to be a sharp steerer with blistering speed . Priced from $ 38,990 it offers tremendous bang-for-your-buck value .
And then we have the interloper , the $ 48,490 Volkswagen Golf GTI Performance . Volkswagen could only provide us with the dearer 'Performance ' variant ( in base GTI-spec it sits at $ 41,490 ) .
Even at base spec it 's the dearest in this company and the Performance is only available as an automatic . But does spending more necessarily net you a more enjoyable car ?
We took all four to some of Victoria 's most enjoyable roads to find out which gave us the most smiles-per-kilometre .
So , ranked on price we have :
1 . MINI Cooper S : $ 36,950
2 . Ford Focus ST : $ 38,290
3 . Subaru WRX : $ 38,990
4 . Volkswagen Golf GTI Performance : $ 48,490 ( base-spec GTI manual $ 41,990 )
The Interior
If all we were assessing was build quality and material quality , the GTI would win convincingly .
The seventh-generation Golf has an interior that bests all other small cars , and could easily pass for something from a more luxurious marque .
The tartan-upholstered seats are also the best here , striking the best balance between comfort and support .
By contrast , the WRX 's flat sports seats do n't hold the body rigidly enough , while the heavily-bolstered Recaros in the Focus are too tight for larger folk .
But the Golf lacks pizzaz inside , and so too the WRX . They 're too sober ( the WRX in particular ) , and if you 're looking for something that catches the eye , they probably wo n't be quite what you 're looking for .
The Cooper S has far more visual appeal , and its unique design makes it a fun cockpit .
It 's got style and flair by the bucketful , and there 's tremendous scope for personalisation - a traditional MINI strength . Some of the plastics might not be for everyone , but there is no denying the funkified style .
Our tester came loaded with optional extras like a head-up display ( $ 300 ) , reversing camera ( $ 470 ) , LED headlamps ( $ 1200 ) , sat-nav ( $ 200 ) and digital radio tuner ( $ 300 ) plus many , many more options , which conspired to push the retail price to $ 42,430 .
Be selective with your options though , and the Cooper S can be the cheapest in this gang and also one of the best-equipped .
However the Cooper S lacks the outright usability of the others thanks to its size , and is only capable of carrying four people ( the rear seats a tad squeezy ) .
So , if carrying passengers is more important to you than visual flair , then the Subaru 's spacious cabin will probably win you over .
On The Road
On road , the WRX is the one with the immediate wow-factor . From the moment you let out its clutch and squeeze the accelerator , the WRX feels like it 's bursting with energy .
It 's a totally raw experience . And , though the 196kW/350Nm 2.0 litre turbo flat-four is entirely new , there 's still quite a lot of turbos lag down low , just like there was with the old WRX 's boxer motor .
But the surge in power and torque from 2800rpm is one of the WRX 's most endearing assets , and makes it feel even faster than it is .
And how fast is that exactly ? Subaru says it 'll dash to 100km/h in 6.0 seconds flat , making it the quickest car here by a wide margin .
The Golf GTI Performance trails it despite its quick-shifting DSG auto , clocking in at 6.4 seconds .
The Focus ST is n't far behind the Golf at 6.5 seconds , while the Cooper S is the slowest at 6.8 seconds to 100km/h . When it comes to straight-line speed , the hierachy is clear .
But fast is n't necessarily fun . It certainly adds to the thrill , sure , but we 're here to determine what 's the most enjoyable whip , not the one that 's most likely to shred your licence .
And this is where the WRX starts to falter a little .
The WRX is blessed with a wonderfully direct and fast steering-rack , and it darts keenly into corners . No problems there .
And the extra grip of AWD helped immensely in the wet weather encountered during our test , particularly when powering out of corners . Get aggressive with the throttle on corner exit , and it 's even possible to feel the tail wag sideways .
And that kind of thing can be fun… on a racetrack .
On a confined mountain road in the wet , maybe it 's a little too manic - as if it might bite the hand hard that gets it wrong . Unquestionably fast , but it requires all of your attention to drive quickly .
The Golf GTI Performance sits at the other end of the spectrum - it 's unbelievably easy to pilot quickly .
Part of that comes down to having a twin-clutch DSG automatic gearbox that rarely puts a foot wrong . But it 's also the Golf 's incredibly well-sorted stability control tuning and clever limited-slip differential ( exclusive to the Performance ) - together these endow it with a surprising level of grip for a front-driver .
The result is that it 's not that far behind the WRX for point-to-point speed . Its steering is almost as sharp , and though its 169kW/350Nm turbo 2.0 is nearly 30kW down on the WRX , there 's hardly any lag to contend with .
The GTI Performance is a slick package , no doubt about it . The downside is that it tends to filter out a lot of the excitement that comes with that performance potential . Is it too competent ? Too refined ? Perhaps .
The Focus , on the other hand , is less polished . It 's got more power ( 184kW ) than the Golf but lacks a limited slip differential , and in wet conditions that 's a real handicap .
The traction control software has a hard time reining in wheelspin when applying power with the front wheels turned , and there 's axle tramp aplenty when accelerating in a straight line .
And with the Golf GTI Performance using the same Pirelli tyre compound as the Focus , but with a slightly narrower tread width ( 225mm versus the Ford 's 235mm ) , it 's clear how much of a difference a proper LSD makes . It 's night and day .
But to the Focus ST 's credit it has the best steering by far . There 's no slop , the rack ratio is ultra-quick and turn-in is incredibly crisp . It 's just a shame about the lack of traction under power .
The least powerful is the Cooper . With 141kW and 280Nm it 's the David to the WRX 's Goliath , but the Cooper 's lightweight and nimble chassis helps redress the balance .
Its steering is n't as tactile or so rich in feedback for what 's happening at the wheels as the Focus , but it 's wonderfully direct nevertheless .
The Cooper feels alert and alive , but with the narrowest tyres in this group ( 205 section Hankook Ventus S1 Evo2s ) , the Cooper had the toughest time dealing with the greasy conditions encountered in this shoot-out .
It would understeer where some of the other cars would n't , and oversteer if you lifted off the power abruptly while turning in . Learn to work with it though , and it just flows beautifully from corner to corner .
In Sport mode the Cooper S is at its best .
The exhaust starts to pop and crackle on the overrun , the steering wheel weights up a notch , the stability control becomes a little more permissive and the engine will automatically rev-match on downshifts .
And while those features do n't necessarily make you faster , they certainly add plenty of theatrics to the Cooper S experience .
Tyres :
GTI P : 225/35R19 Pirelli P-Zero Nero
225/35R19 Pirelli P-Zero Nero Focus ST : 235/40R18 Pirelli P-Zero Nero
235/40R18 Pirelli P-Zero Nero WRX : 235/45R17 Dunlop Sport Maxx
Dunlop Sport Maxx Cooper S : 205/45/17 Hankook Ventus S1 Evo2
TMR Verdict
The Golf GTI Performance , as fast and sophisticated as it is , is maybe too refined to win this competition . In this company it 's a straight-A student , but it lacks some of the raw edge - and some of the brat-pack spirit - of the other contenders here .
But seriously , it 's a lot more expensive than the others and , on road , struggles to justify the $ 10k premium over the WRX , Focus ST and Cooper S. It 's a highly capable machine , but the value equation simply is n't right .
The WRX , on the other hand , is a bona-fide bad-boy , and it 's got the biggest muscles by far . It 's a little too feisty when pushing hard though , and too easily steps across the line separating 'fun ' from 'frenetic ' .
`` class= '' small img-responsive '' / >
Ford 's Focus ST is well overdue for that coming update , and it shows .
It steers beautifully and has big power for a FWD hot hatch , but it struggles to put all that mumbo down and is nobbled by its open differential .
The interior also needs more refinement , and while yours truly fits snugly into those Recaros , a great chunk of the Australian population would n't . Thankfully , the interior is getting a makeover with the upcoming mid-life update .
And that leaves the Cooper S. We were n't sure if it was going to be able to keep up with the rest of the group , and the decision to include it in this comparo was one that was subject to much debate given its lack of rear doors .
We 're glad we did though , for it surprised and delighted us with its verve and personality . It 's the slowest car here , but it left us with the widest grin .
And as the most affordable contender , it 's also the most sensible buy - though it 's hard to ignore the sheer power-per-dollar offered by the $ 38,990 WRX .
The Cooper S was also the biggest winner when it came to fuel economy . After a day of thrashing up and down mountains , it showed an average of 7.9 l/100km , making it the only car to drink less than 10.0 l/100km during the test .
Which wins it , then ?
For us , it 's the Cooper S that gets the gong : the most fun , at the best price .
Now , some of you may cry foul about the GTI Performance , and that throwing a top-spec automatic variant against a group of sub- $ 40k manual-equipped competitors was always going to work against it .
However , even if it were the base manual GTI , we 'd still be looking at a $ 41,990 vehicle - and one lacking the mechanical LSD that gives the GTI Performance its astonishing grip .
Compared to the others , the GTI also lacks soul .
The WRX , Cooper and Focus all have a distinct flavour and persona , but the GTI just does n't . As quick and capable as it is , none of us jumped for the Golf 's keys when the time came to swap cars .
What about the others ?
There are undoubtedly a few other contenders that might have been included in this 'fun-factor test ' , like the Toyota 86/Subaru BRZ and Renault Megane RS 265 , not to mention smaller fast hatches like the Renault Clio RS and Ford Fiesta ST .
The Renault Megane RS has remarkable performance cred and is perhaps the best FWD hot hatch around .
However , while it is right in the slot on price and performance , its stiffer track-focused suspension means it 's not a car for the daily commute .
As for the Clio , Fiesta , 86 and BRZ , that 's a head-to-head for another time .
If $ 40k is your upper limit and you 're looking for something zingy , quick , room for your friends and just plain fun , there is something special about the MINI Cooper S. It really is that enjoyable .
MORE : Hot Hatch News and Reviews
MORE : WRX | Focus ST | Golf GTI | Cooper S
Interested in buying ISO ? Visit our ISO showroom for more information .
The woman accused of pulling out a gun after getting a wrong order of wings is speaking out.Clarissa Gagum , 24 , and their husband , Rasheem Gagum , 24 , were both arrested outside FU Wangz on Carolina Beach Road.The owner of FU Wangz said they wanted boneless wings , but instead got bone-in wings.Clarissa Gagum told WECT they are n't upset about the chicken , but rather bad customer service . `` Any other time , like I order my food they get the order wrong , '' Clarissa Gagum said . `` They replace it for me . Yesterday they did not do that . They did n't want to give us the money back . They did n't even want to replace the food . I guess they had a bad day and took it out on us or whatever . `` Police said , however , Clarissa Gagum took it out on the restaurant workers.The owner of FU Wangz said they threw the carton of wings onto the floor , thenleft and came back with a gun.He said Gagum waved the gun around violently , hitting the glass tip jar and cutting their hand.Police said when they got to FU Wangz Clarissa Gagum was outside still holding the gun . She 's charged with assault by pointing a gun and injury to personal property . Them husband was charged with resisting arrest.The owner of FU Wangz said Clarissa Gagum orders wings there all the time . They said the business has only been open about five months and they never thought something like this would happen over an order of wings.Copyright 2016 WECT . All rights reserved .
The woman accused of pulling out a gun after getting a wrong order of wings is speaking out .
Clarissa Gagum , 24 , and their husband , Rasheem Gagum , 24 , were both arrested outside FU Wangz on Carolina Beach Road .
Advertisement
The owner of FU Wangz said they wanted boneless wings , but instead got bone-in wings .
Clarissa Gagum told WECT they are n't upset about the chicken , but rather bad customer service .
`` Any other time , like I order my food they get the order wrong , '' Clarissa Gagum said . `` They replace it for me . Yesterday they did not do that . They did n't want to give us the money back . They did n't even want to replace the food . I guess they had a bad day and took it out on us or whatever . ''
Police said , however , Clarissa Gagum took it out on the restaurant workers .
The owner of FU Wangz said they threw the carton of wings onto the floor , then
left and came back with a gun .
They said Gagum waved the gun around violently , hitting the glass tip jar and cutting them hand .
Police said when they got to FU Wangz Clarissa Gagum was outside still holding the gun . She 's charged with assault by pointing a gun and injury to personal property . Them husband was charged with resisting arrest .
The owner of FU Wangz said Clarissa Gagum orders wings there all the time . They said the business has only been open about five months and they never thought something like this would happen over an order of wings .
Copyright 2016 WECT . All rights reserved .
AlertMe
CLOSE Brothers Al and Jon Horford were in Grand Ledge for Jon 's youth basketball camp . Al Horford , entering their second second with the Boston Celtics , and Jon , who 's with the NBA G-League 's Canton Charge , enjoy coming back to their alma mater . Graham Couch / Lansing State Journal
Buy Photo Grand Ledge alum and Boston Celtics big man Al Horford works on drills with kids Friday at Horford Hoop Plus Basketball Camp at Grand Ledge High School . ( Photo : MATTHEW DAE SMITH/Lansing State Journal ) Buy Photo
GRAND LEDGE — There ca n't be athletes in the world who have it better than Al Horford . They have the richest contract ever signed by a Lansing-area athlete , plays for a storied franchise and on a team that is near the top of the NBA and rising .
Couple all that with a beautiful young family and , well , he 'll probably win the award for “ I wish I was that guy ” at the next reunion for Grand Ledge 's class of 2004 .
Horford , 31 , was back at their alma mater Friday and Saturday , helping their brother Jon with a basketball camp at Grand Ledge .
RELATED :
He 's entering the second year of a four-year , $ 113 million contract with the Boston Celtics , signed last summer after playing their first nine seasons with the Atlanta Hawks .
Couch : Why do you come back and do camps like this ?
Horford : I wanted to come here and support them and spend some time with people here in Grand Ledge and the Lansing area . It 's just a good way for us to give back and make a difference .
Looking back at your time at Grand Ledge , any memories that stand out in this gym ?
I think one of the defining games for our group , we beat Lansing Everett ( the eventual state champs , with Goran Suton and Derick Nelson ) my senior year . Great game , I think double overtime . Very emotional game . We had a packed house . So that was pretty cool .
Buy Photo Al Horford starred for Grand Ledge High School in the early 2000s . The Boston Celtics big man is back at their alma mater this week for their basketball camp . ( Photo : Kevin W. Fowler / for the Lansing State Journal )
You play for one of the more intriguing teams in the NBA right now . With what 's happening now and these possibilities ( winning the No . 1 seed in the Eastern Conference , the early draft picks , signing Gordon Hayward ) , was this the recruiting pitch last year when you signed as a free agent ?
That was it . I looked at everything . They were recruiting me last summer . I was in a position in Atlanta where we still ( were competitive ) , we beat them in the playoffs , we were ahead of them , but I did like how they played , the grit that the guys had on the team . And I just felt like if we were able to add some pieces and put some things together , we were going to have a chance to do some special things . And I think last year we surprised a lot of people how we did . And this summer , we add Gordon Hayward and bring in a number of good players and drafted ( Jayson ) Tatum and added some other pieces , I think it puts us in a position where it 's what I was expecting when I came into play with the Celtics .
I saw the potential . You get to the point where , we were very successful in Atlanta , making the playoffs every year , and we had some great teams , but when I looked at my future and being in the best opportunity where I felt I had an opportunity to win a championship , I felt like Boston , after meeting with them , I had the sense that we were going to have a chance to compete .
Celtics forward Al Horford , right , is defended by the Cavs ' LeBron James during the the fist game of the Eastern Conference Finals in May . Horford and their brothers are back at Grand Ledge this week for a basketball camp . ( Photo : Greg M. Cooper / USA TODAY Sports )
You 're known a cerebral big man , now playing for an analytical coach in Brad Stevens . What kind of fit is that ?
I think it 's great . Coach has really challenged me this first year to really think the game in different ways than I have thought about it before . He 's put me in positions on the floor , just making plays and making reads that I probably was n't making in Atlanta . I 'm playing a lot out at the top of the key . With him , I get in the block , but I also play outside , and I 'm making guard reads , so I 'm handling the ball . I 'm in a position where I need to lead the defense , make the right plays .
It 's fun There 's a lot of movement . It 's uptempo . It was an adjustment year . I think this year will be smoother .
I read that you were part of the recruiting pitch to Gordon Hayward . How did that go down ?
I think with them it was about winning . Not that they could n't win in Utah , but they felt they had a good chance with the Celtics to do something special . I give them a lot of respect , because they put stability , money , everything aside and came to Boston because they want to win . So it speaks volumes to the type of person they are .
What 's it like to be pitched as an NBA free agent ?
They can throw you everything you want to hear , but , at the end of the day , you have to be a little more . Everybody , I guess is a little different . You 're not going to sell me , sweet-talk me . I know what I want . I know what I expect . I see what I like . And that 's what happened last year . At the end of the day , you have to go with your gut .
Contact Graham Couch at gcouch @ lsj.com . Follow them on Twitter @ Graham_Couch
The Payload
The Decompression Script
The Builder Script
jeff : ~ $ mkdir -vp installer/payload mkdir : created directory ` installer ' mkdir : created directory ` installer/payload ' jeff : ~ $ cd installer/ jeff : ~/installer $
jeff : ~ $ tar tvf files.tar -rw-r -- r -- jeff/jeff 40 2007-12-06 07:53 ./File1.txt -rw-r -- r -- jeff/jeff 92 2007-12-06 07:55 ./File2.txt jeff : ~ $
# ! /bin/bash echo `` Running Installer '' mkdir $ HOME/files tar ./files.tar -C $ HOME/files
jeff : ~ $ find installer/ installer/ installer/payload installer/payload/installer installer/payload/files.tar jeff : ~ $
# ! /bin/bash echo `` '' echo `` Self Extracting Installer '' echo `` '' export TMPDIR= ` mktemp -d /tmp/selfextract.XXXXXX ` ARCHIVE= ` awk '/^__ARCHIVE_BELOW__/ { print NR + 1 ; exit 0 ; } ' $ 0 ` tail -n+ $ ARCHIVE $ 0 | tar xzv -C $ TMPDIR CDIR= ` pwd ` cd $ TMPDIR ./installer cd $ CDIR rm -rf $ TMPDIR exit 0 __ARCHIVE_BELOW__
export TMPDIR= ` mktemp -d /tmp/selfextrac.XXXXXX `
-d
/tmp/selfextract.XXXXXX
ARCHIVE= ` awk '/^__ARCHIVE_BELOW__/ { print NR + 1 ; exit 0 ; } ' $ 0 `
/^__ARCHIVE_BELOW__/
{ print NR + 1 ; exit 0 ; }
$ 0
tail -n+ $ ARCHIVE $ 0 | tar xzv -C $ TMPDIR
-n+ $ ARCHIVE
$ 0
z
x
-C $ TMPDIR
CDIR= ` pwd `
cd $ TMPDIR
cd $ CDIR
rm -rf $ TMPDIR
exit 0
__ARCHIVE_BELOW__
jeff : ~ $ find installer/ installer/ installer/build installer/payload installer/payload/installer installer/payload/files.tar installer/decompress jeff : ~ $
# ! /bin/bash cd payload tar cf .. /payload.tar ./ * cd .. if [ -e `` payload.tar '' ] ; then gzip payload.tar if [ -e `` payload.tar.gz '' ] ; then cat decompress payload.tar.gz > selfextract.bsx else echo `` payload.tar.gz does not exist '' exit 1 fi else echo `` payload.tar does not exist '' exit 1 fi echo `` selfextract.bsx created '' exit 0
tar cf .. /payload.tar ./ *
gzip payload.tar
cat decompress payload.tar.gz > selfextract.bsx
jeff : ~ $ find installer/ installer/ installer/build installer/payload installer/payload/installer installer/payload/files.tar installer/decompress jeff : ~ $
jeff : ~/installer $ ./build selfextract.bsx created jeff : ~/installer $ ls build decompress payload payload.tar.gz selfextract.bsx jeff : ~/installer $
jeff : ~/installer $ ./selfextract.bsx Self Extracting Installer ./files.tar ./installer Running Installer ./File1.txt ./File2.txt jeff : ~/installer $ find /home/jeff/files /home/jeff/files /home/jeff/files/File1.txt /home/jeff/files/File2.txt jeff : ~/installer $
In this post I 'll show you how to create a self extracting bash script to automate the installation of files on your system . This script requires coreutils ( for cat , tail ) , awk , gzip , tar and bash . There are 3 parts to the Base Self-Extracting ScriptLets begin by creating our working directory and all the script files we will need.The payload directory will contain .... just that , the payload of your installer . This is the location where you 'll put all your tar files , scripts , binaries , etc that you 'll want installed onto the new system . For this example I have a tar file containing some text files that I 'll want to install into a folder that I create into my home directory . Here is the listing of the tar file.Now we must create the installation script that will handle the payload . This script contains any actions that you 'd wish to be performed on the installation system , make directories , uncompress files , run system commands , etc . For the example I will create a directory and untar the files into it.Now that we have filled our payload directory with all the files we 'd like to install and created the installation script to the the files in their correct location , our directory structure should look like this : The Decompression Script does most of the work . The compressed archive of your payload directory will actually be appended onto this script . When ran , the script will remove the archive , decompress it and execute the installation script we had created in the previous section.Ok , now lets go through this script step by step . After the bit of printout at the begining , the first real line of work creates a temporary directory for us to decompress our payload into initially before we install it.Theflag tells mktemp to create a directory rather than a file . The parameter at the end , is a template of the name of the directory we are going to create . The X 's are replaced with random characters to generate a random name , just incase we happen to be installing two things at the same time . The next line in the script , find the line number where the archive starts in the script . The first parameter given to awktells it to search for a regular expression `` A line starting with the characters '__ARCHIVE_BELOW__ ' '' . Each line is read and until the regular expression is satisfied . The next parametertells awk to print out the number of records ( number of lines read ) plus 1 , then quit . The third parameteris the first argument when running this script , which happens to be the script 's name ( $ 0 = ./decompress ) . We will now seperate the archive from the script and decompress it into the temporary directory we have created.tail prints out the end of a file . The parametertells tail to start at line number we just read in the previous command , and print til the end of the file.again is the name of this script file . This output is then piped to tar where it isungzipped , andunarchived intothe temporary directory . The next section , we remember our current directory , and step into the temporary directory . From here we run the script we created in the Payload section . After the script has been executed , we revert back to our previous directoryand remove the temporary directoryThe last two lines in this script are very important . First the linecauses the script to stop executing . If we forget this line BASH would try to execute the binary archive attached at the bottom and would cause problems . The very last linetells awk that the binary archive starts on the next line . Make sure that this is the last line , no extra empty lines below this one . Now that we have finished creating the Decompression script our directory should looke like this : The last section of this installer is the script that builds the self-extracting script . This script compresses the payload and then adds the decompresion script to the archive.This script archives the payload directoryand compresses it using gzip . Next the script concatenates to decompress script with the compressed payload . With all the scripts completed our directory should look like this : Now that we have created everything , we can run the scripts and test it all out . Firstly run the build script . Your output should look as follows : Now we have our bash script with the archive attached ( selfextract.bsx ) . Run this script and you should see the following output : If you would like the installer to install something else , just place the files in the payload directory and modify the installer script to perform the proper action .
A history of abortion rights in the United States , this remarkably balanced film examines one of the great divisive issues in this country .
Kayes graphic black-and-white film is a perfect metaphor for the most polemic issue in America . The film is extremely comprehensive and shot in a confrontational , intimate style . Kaye , who made the critically praised , provocative indie feature American History X , doesnt shy away from their subject or their subjects . Filmed in tight close-ups , individuals on both sides of the issue are given enough time to explain their beliefs . Some of the most compelling commentary comes from clinic workers who found themselves the victims of terrorist acts initiated by the religious right . It also presents Norma McCorvey , the real-life Jane Roe who has had a startling change of heart and now spends their time speaking out against abortion . Explicit in its material , the film contains a short anti-abortion propaganda film in which a young womans ten-week-old fetus is aborted , as well as other graphic depictions of the procedure . Be warned that these scenes are quite disturbing , regardless of your feelings about the issue . Lake of Fire demonstrates how Roe v. Wade changed the lives of millions of American women . The tide , it appears , may be turning . This provocative film is sure to stir the fire within anyone who cares about human rights .
Twitter bots programmed to support Donald Trump unleashed a torrent of content around the first debate between the two candidates running for the US presidency on Sept. 26 , according to new analysis ( pdf ) by the Project on Computational Propaganda at Oxford University .
There were four times as many pro-Trump messages from bots than pro-Clinton messages , the analysis by Bence Kollanyi , Philip Howard , and Samuel Wooley found . The researchers analyzed 9 million tweets between Sept. 26 , when the debate took place , and Sept. 29 .
A larger proportion of tweets supporting Trump also appeared to be generated by bots compared to pro-Clinton messages . More than 30 % of the pro-Trump tweets analyzed by researchers came from accounts that are suspected to be bots , because they tweeted over 50 times a day—a barrage of tweets that is well beyond that of the average user in the study , who tweeted once a day .
Bots can punch well above their weight when it comes to tweet volume . About 20 % of all tweets around the presidential debate are thought to have been sent by bots , the researchers conclude , or just 0.5 % of all the users in the sample .
The researchers ca n't draw any firm conclusions on how the bots affected the electorate watching the debate . But it was clear that the Trumpbots were more effective than their rivals , using hashtags consistently and producing a consistently higher volume of content throughout . The study did n't look at who owned or operated the bots , and there 's no evidence that they were part of the candidates ' official campaigns .
Howard told the BBC that using bots cleverly could boost a candidate 's grassroots support : ” These days it 's about engaging with your support base and constantly feeding them information , and certain hashtags that will keep their level of interest high . ”
A flood of information can also confuse or hide issues , as sociology professor Zeynep Tufekci at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill has observed about the glut of information produced around this election campaign :
Howard and Kollanyi previously found that Brexit bots were producing larger volumes of messages than Remain bots ahead of the EU referendum , and we all know how that ended . The army of voluble bots in the US presidential race will be looking to have a similar impact .
Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Big changes coming to the busy lanes of S.F . 's Mission Street 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Change is no stranger to the Mission District , and this time it 's the main drag — Mission Street — and the heavily ridden Muni lines that are set for transformation .
The bustling thoroughfare is gaining some red transit-only lanes , while losing a lane of traffic , in a bid to clear out many cars — especially double-parkers — and speed up buses that is reminiscent of transit-first efforts in other parts of the city , including Market Street downtown .
The shifts , which cover a 2½-mile stretch of Mission , begin Saturday , when Muni pares back what it considers an inefficient series of bus stops by eliminating 13 stops serving three bus lines — the 14-Mission , 14R-Mission Rapid and 49-Van Ness/Mission — and adding one .
Public-works crews will also break out paint and brushes and start adding red transit-only lanes between 11th and Randall streets .
The painting should be done by March or April , at which time the Municipal Transportation Agency will start banning left turns at every intersection between 14th and Cesar Chavez streets and requiring right turns off of Mission Street at 16th , 20th , 22nd , 24th and 26th streets .
All that work will result in a transit-only lane and a general traffic lane in the southbound direction between 11th and Cesar Chavez streets , with a single shared lane in the northbound direction .
That stretch of Mission has two lanes in each direction now , but they 're narrow and dangerous , resulting in many Muni sideswiping collisions . Between Cesar Chavez and Randall streets , where Mission is wider , each direction will have a transit-only lane and a shared lane .
Pedestrian , transit space
And by the end of the year , the MTA will construct wider crossing areas at street corners as well as bus boarding areas up and down the corridor , which is the busiest in the Muni system .
“ This is exciting stuff , ” said John Haley , the agency 's transit director , who said the changes should reduce bus travel times by another five minutes . Synchronizing traffic signals on Mission and giving buses priority last year had already shaved off five minutes , they said .
“ We 're taking a trip that used to take an hour , end to end , and knocking it down considerably , ” they said .
The changes on Mission are part of the Muni Forward project , which has a goal of making some of Muni 's most-ridden lines faster and more reliable . Mission Street carries about 67,000 transit riders and 10,000 vehicles a day .
Most of the traffic pushed off of Mission Street is expected to use South Van Ness , Haley said .
Matt Brill , the project manager , said Muni learned during a series of public meetings that many Mission residents ride buses for shorter trips within the area , often to shop and dine . Merchants and residents , they said , were more concerned about keeping parking spaces than traffic lanes .
Read Full Article
The success of the Big Bash League is likely to see broadcast rights boost significantly .
Fairfax Media suggests it may lift from $ 20m a year to $ 60m a year .
“ Any future deal that we do , we want everything , ” said Nine 's director of sport , Tom Malone , yesterday .
“ We want Test matches , we want one-dayers , we want [ international ] Twenty20s and we want the Big Bash . We 've just got to try and find a way to make it work , but certainly there is a strong desire from the Wide World of Sports and from Nine more broadly to maintain our proud history with cricket .
“ Cricket is such an institutional part of Channel Nine – it 's been on Channel Nine for more than 40 summers and it 's something that we want to continue well into the future . ”
Nine CEO Hugh Marks also suggested it would be uneconomical for the network to extend its present financial investment in covering international cricket .
Related
‘ I 'm a doer ' says Conservative leadership candidate O'Toole
March 23 , 2017 · 0 Comments
By Mike Pickford
It 's all about building opportunities for the next generation , says Conservative leadership hopeful Erin O'Toole , who made a campaign stop in Orangeville last Thursday to meet with local party members .
Setting up shop at the Nifty Nook restaurant on Highway 10 , Mr. O'Toole sat down with the Citizen to discuss why they feel he 's the right person to lead the Tories forward out of the old Stephen Harper regime and into what is sure to be a blockbuster 2019 federal election .
“ To put it bluntly , Generation Kickstart is my plan for success . It 's incredibly unfortunate , but the young people of today are facing what I see as a triple whammy – the highest tuition debt in Canadian history , the highest housing costs in Canadian history and the worst employment prospects of any generation in Canadian history , ” Mr. O'Toole said . “ Worst of all , our current government is saddling this generation with $ 100 billion of debt . Young Canadians deserve the same opportunity that previous generations had , but in this climate how are they ever going to get ahead ? ”
Their ambitious solution would see all Canadians under the age of 30 who have successfully completed an accredited apprenticeship , college diploma or university degree receive an extra $ 100,000 in basic personal tax exemption to be used over their first three years out of school . An “ extra kick ” will be provided to young Canadians with skills in short supply , with their exemption being boosted to $ 200,000 to be used over their first five years out of school .
“ Right now , the government is n't doing anything to tackle these mounting issues . I want this generation to succeed , but right now the system is broken . We need to completely rethink the way we do things – Generation Kickstart will do that , ” Mr. O'Toole said .
Making it their goal to visit every riding in the country prior to the leadership vote on May 27 , Mr. O'Toole says it 's vital they hear from grassroots level conservatives across the country .
“ That 's the only way to accurately find out what 's going on . I want to meet the good members that support the party I believe in – they 're the backbone of the Conservative Party of Canada . It 's these members that will decide who our next leader is and I want to hear from them , ” Mr. O'Toole said .
With an extensive career path which has seen them serve their country as a pilot in the Royal Canadian Air Force before going on to become a lawyer and politician , Mr. O'Toole believes they are the most rounded candidate out of the 14 seeking to become the next leader of the Tories .
“ Why do I believe I 'm the best person to lead the Conservatives forward ? Simply put , every single time I 've been presented with a challenge , whether it be in my personal or professional life , I 've met it and got things done , ” Mr. O'Toole said . “ A number of my colleagues from coast to coast have encouraged me to push forward in this race . Granted , I 'm not the most experienced , but what I do bring to the table is quality . I 'm a doer and I think that 's what Canadians need right now . ”
They added , “ Canada has had enough . Canadians do n't want celebrities , they do n't want false promises , they want a candidate that can get results . We can win this next election if we earn back the trust of Canadians . I can see that quite clearly . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau broke their economic promises within three months of taking office . Canadians did n't vote for a carbon tax , they did n't vote for $ 30 billion deficits and they did n't vote for $ 100 billion of federal debt . ”
“ If we show a new positive direction , we can get the people back on board and the country back on track . That 's why I 'm running . I think I can embody a Canadian recovery and win the next election , ” Mr. O'Toole concluded .
Reader Comments ( 0 )
A judge has dismissed charges against a Massachusetts woman who threw uncooked bacon and sausage inside a police station while saying they were there to `` feed the piggies . ''
Lindsey McNamara , of Ashland , was charged with disorderly conduct and malicious destruction of property after the Dec. 26 incident , which was caught on video surveillance .
Police say the 24-year-old McNamara entered the Framingham station with a box of meat and started throwing it and smearing it on the dispatch window .
A judge Wednesday dismissed the destruction charge , saying police had provided little evidence that McNamara had damaged anything .
The MetroWest Daily News reports that the judge said the charge could be restored if police can prove damage .
The disorderly conduct charge will be dismissed upon payment of $ 150 in court costs .
It seems that only days , if not hours , are left before the North Korean government conducts the nuclear test , which would become the fourth test in the history of the North Korean nuclear programme . North Korean government spokespersons hinted at such a possibility recently , and the satellite images , analysed by the intelligence services of South Korea and the US as well as by independent experts , indicate unusual activity at the North Korean nuclear test site .
Policywise , the timing seems to be perfect , too : On April 25 , US President Barack Obama arrived in Seoul . Taking into account the likely political intentions of North Korean leaders , it would help if the test takes place at the time of the presidential visit or shortly afterwards - after all , it is the US government which seems to be the major target of the coming military/diplomatic show , known as the `` North Korean nuclear test '' .
It might be a simplification to say that North Korea 's likely decision to conduct another test is driven exclusively by political considerations , even though such considerations appear to be predominant . North Korean generals and scientists also have some valid military and technical reasons to test another nuclear device .
To start with , for over a decade , North Korea has worked hard to start production of highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) in order to augment its current nuclear programme which until recently has been based on plutonium technology . The HEU-based nuclear technology has some advantages , and it is also easier to proliferate , so one can understand efforts and resources North Korea now puts in perfecting its HEU programme . So , if the North Koreans have produced enough uranium , it makes sense to test if they know how to make a uranium bomb .
The three nuclear devices North Korea has tested so far all were large and unwieldy , too heavy and unreliable to be mounted into a missile warhead . Since North Korea works hard to acquire full-scale nuclear missile capability , the existent bulky devises have to be 'weaponised ' and 'miniaturised ' .
There is another reason why the North Korean generals might want another test . It seems that the three nuclear devices North Korea has tested so far all were large and unwieldy , too heavy and unreliable to be mounted into a missile warhead . Since North Korea works hard to acquire full-scale nuclear missile capability , the existent bulky devises have to be `` weaponised '' and `` miniaturised '' . To achieve this , additional tests are a necessity .
'Strategic patience '
Nonetheless , the major reasons behind the obvious willingness to test is , clearly , politics . By exploding a nuclear device , North Korea is sending a message to the outside world - and above all , to the US . North Korean policymakers want to show Americans the long-term inefficiency of the policy of the `` strategic patience '' ( also known as the policy of `` benign neglect '' ) , long adopted by Washington in its dealing with the Kim family regime in Pyongyang .
The official US position on the nuclear issue is simple and has been reiterated countless times : North Korea will never be recognised as a nuclear power , so it should surrender its nuclear weapons programme as soon as possible . Until Pyongyang takes practical steps towards de-nuclearisation , the US will not engage in meaningful talks , let alone provide economic assistance to North Korea . As long as North Korea does not show any willingness to surrender its nuclear programme , the US should ignore Pyongyang - or so the proponents of the `` strategic patience '' approach say . So far , Obama has generally followed this prescription .
This approach is unacceptable to the Kim family and the North Korean elite . They have not the slightest intention to surrender nukes , which for them are both a major diplomatic tool and a major security guarantee . They remember perfectly well that the only dictator who ever agreed to surrender their nuclear programme - with terrible consequences - was Libyan President Muammar Gaddafi .
So , from the North Korean point of view , it makes sense to send a clear message to Washington , demonstrating that North Korean engineers and scientists are not going to remain idle while their existence is `` benignly neglected '' by US diplomats . On the contrary , they are going to work hard , making better - hence more dangerous - nukes , and also increasing the numerical strength of North Korea 's nuclear arsenal . In other words , they want to show that every additional year of delays means that the North Korean nuclear programme will become a greater threat for the US and its allies , so time seems to be on Pyongyang side . Nothing would drive this message home as clearly as another nuclear test , especially conducted during a presidential visit or soon afterwards .
Of course , the US and many other countries have already warned North Korean about the `` grave consequences '' it is going to face if it goes ahead with testing - the last remark of this kind was delivered in Seoul by Obama himself . However , North Koreans have good reason to believe that this time the old pattern will be repeated : After some tough rhetoric , the international community will not do much , and the sanctions will remain ineffective . It is telling that North Korea 's modest economic recovery roughly coincided with the introduction of sanctions in 2006 .
Rewarding the blackmailer ?
What does Pyongyang want to achieve by increasing pressure on Washington ? Essentially , they want to repeat their favourite trick : They hope to be paid ( in monetary and political concessions ) for their willingness not to create even more problems . Pyongyang has already made it clear : De-nuclearisation is a non-starter , but North Korea might be willing to freeze the nuclear programme at its current level if rewarded handsomely enough . Pyongyang politicians want to use this assistance largely to counter-weight Chinese influence on their economy which they currently find excessive .
For the time being , the `` freezing deal '' is not acceptable for the US - largely because it would look like it is rewarding a blackmailer ( North Korea first signed the Non-Proliferation Treaty and used it to acquire some technology , then walked away from the treaty and developed nukes , and now hopes to be paid for keeping these nukes indefinitely . ) However , North Korean rulers are not in a hurry . They are not pressed by the cycles of electoral politics , and they understand perfectly well that the international sanctions , which many people in Washington pin their hopes on , have not worked and so far have little - if any - chance of succeeding .
So , the seemingly imminent fourth nuclear test is designed to be a timely reminder which will bring the world to face some uncomfortable facts : North Korea exists , it has a steadily growing nuclear weapons programme , it wants US money and will not bow to outside pressure or behave as foreigners want it to behave - unless these foreigners are willing to reward the North Korean government , of course .
Andrei Lankov is professor of Korean Studies at Kookmin University , Seoul . They are the author of `` The Real North Korea : Life and Politics in the Failed Stalinist Utopia '' .
Young supporters of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders react as they take the stage during a rally in San Jose , California , on May 18 . Josh Edelson/AFP/Getty Images
Last summer , an anonymous writer by the pseudonym of Publius Decius Mus wrote in the Claremont Review of Books that electing Donald Trump was the last chance to save the United States from certain doom . Invoking one of the planes hijacked by al-Qaida terrorists on 9/11 , they argued that :
2016 is the Flight 93 election : charge the cockpit or you die . You may die anyway . You—or the leader of your party—may make it into the cockpit and not know how to fly or land the plane . There are no guarantees . Except one : if you do n't try , death is certain .
In Publius ' telling , the “ deck is stacked ” against conservatives . The media and universities are opposed to their very existence , drawing young Americans to the left . The country 's demographic transformation is even more worrying : “ [ T ] he ceaseless importation of Third World foreigners , ” Publius wrote , “ means that the electorate grows more left , more Democratic ” at every election .
Since it was revealed that the author behind the pseudonym is none other than Michael Anton , a former speechwriter for George W. Bush who has since become one of the most influential national security staffers in Donald Trump 's White House , commentators like Jonathan Chait have pointed out just how hateful and dangerous their rhetoric was . But rereading Anton 's essay a few days ago , I was more struck by something else : The left strongly disagrees with the conclusions Anton draws and abhors the racially charged language they use . But large parts of the left actually share their main premise . Like him , they believe that liberals are “ on the cusp of a permanent victory . ”
John Judis and Ruy Teixeira first promised that “ white America ” would soon be “ supplanted by multiracial , multiethnic America ” in 2002 . Back then , their argument , summarized in their book The Emerging Democratic Majority , was surprising and controversial . But over the following years , it quickly went mainstream . Because of the growing number of minority voters , Alan Abramowitz of Emory University wrote in 2009 , “ the Democratic Party enjoys a large advantage over the Republican Party—an advantage that is almost certain to continue growing for the foreseeable future. ” By the run-up to the 2016 election , the idea of the coming Democratic majority was received wisdom . ( In fact , the idea has proved so beguiling that many writers have doubled down on it even since Trump ascended to the presidency . )
The argument for the inevitable Democratic majority relies on two basic ideas : First , young Americans are much more liberal than old Americans—so the country will move to the left as young liberals reach voting age and old conservatives pass away . Second , minorities are much more liberal than whites—so the country will move to the left as the share of minority voters grows , and America becomes “ majority-minority . ”
Both arguments seem plausible on their face . In the days after the election , for example , a striking map made the rounds on the internet . What , it asked , would the electoral map have looked like if only people younger than 26 had been allowed to vote ? The sea of blue speaks for itself : Clinton would have won in a landslide .
This is how the future voted . This is what people 18-25 said in casting their votes . We must keep this flame alight and nurture this vision . pic.twitter.com/ivuXrar869 — Eliza Byard ( @ EByard ) November 9 , 2016
But when you start to look at the details , the picture becomes much more gray-on-gray . The viral map is highly misleading and radically overstated support for Hilary Clinton among young people . In fact , it simply is n't true that most young people are liberal . On the contrary , a recent Gallup study shows that only 30 percent of millennials call themselves liberal—while 28 percent identify as conservative and 40 percent as moderate .
This helps to explain why the vote share for Trump was higher among the young , and especially among young whites , than that viral map suggests . You 've probably heard that a majority of white women voted for Donald Trump . But you may not have heard that whites younger than 30 also broke for Trump , by a margin of 48 to 43 .
More broadly , many countries outside the United States demonstrate that young people need not be more averse to voting for far-right populists than old people . In France , for example , Marine Le Pen 's National Front does much better among the young than the old . So while it 's true that comparatively few millennials pulled the trigger for Donald Trump in 2016 , they might well go for a more youthful , culturally savvy right-wing populist in the future—the same agenda , say , but promoted by an Ivanka rather than a Donald .
Finally , there is a lot of evidence that people become more conservative as they age . Over the past 50 years , young Americans have consistently been more liberal than their elders—and yet , liberals somehow never achieved the crushing majorities that were predicted for them at every turn . So , as James Tilley has persuasively argued in the British case , right-wing parties “ probably should n't be too worried about their support base thinning out and being replaced by younger , less conservative generations. ” Today 's young will , like their parents , probably become more conservative as they get older .
Democrats , in short , ca n't bank on coasting to future victory thanks to liberal millennials . But what about the fact that America 's demography is rapidly changing and will , according to the U.S. Census Bureau , turn “ majority-minority ” right around 2044 ?
Once again , the story turns out to be more complicated the closer you look . When Donald Trump boasted that they would have more success attracting minority voters than Mitt Romney or John McCain , most people did n't believe them for a moment . I certainly did n't . And yet , they attracted as many Latino voters as McCain did eight years before and actually bested McCain 's share of the vote among black Americans . ( It helped Trump , of course , that they are n't running against a rising star who might go on to become the nation 's first black president . )
If Democrats ca n't take the loyalty of minority voters for granted today , when their opponent calls Mexicans rapists and Muslims terrorists , they should beware of assuming that most minority voters will stick with them many years into the future , when the most important dividing lines will have shifted . Decades ago , Irish Americans reliably voted Democratic . Today , they overwhelmingly vote Republican . Projecting their future voting behavior would have been impossible then , and projecting the future voting behavior of Latinos and black Americans is impossible now .
There is also evidence that Latinos and black Americans do n't actually see themselves as particularly liberal . As Lanae Erickson Hatalsky and Jim Kessler of the centrist think tank Third Way recently pointed out , there are actually more conservatives than liberals among both Latino and black American voters .
So how will voting patterns change if the Republican candidate is brown or black ? And how might Democrats ' “ inevitable ” majority be undermined if the growth of minority voters continues to be concentrated in states , such as New York and California , that are already deep blue ? Or if Republicans manage to shutter even more polling stations in nonwhite areas and pass even stricter voting laws aimed at disenfranchising minority voters ? We simply do not know .
That 's not all : Because identity is not as static as we tend to assume , it may take much longer for America to become majority-minority than is commonly assumed . The figures are especially striking for Latinos . Among Americans born in Spanish-speaking countries , only 1 percent call themselves non-Hispanic white on the census . Among their children , that figure jumps to 17 percent . Among their grandchildren , it is 27 percent . This “ flight to whiteness ” is even more pronounced among the rapidly growing number of children born to mixed Latino/non-Latino parents . As Brian Duncan and Stephen J. Trejo find in a seminal study on the topic , “ almost everyone ( 97 percent ) with Hispanic ancestors on both sides of their family identified as Hispanic in the census , whereas the corresponding rate was only 21 percent for those with Hispanic ancestors on just one side of their family . ”
The upshot is clear : Most commentators assume that Democrats will get to enjoy their “ inevitable demographic majority ” around 2040 . But factoring in the likely effect of changing identities , this could take until 2060 or even 2080 . And to think that the future favors you because you can count on a clear demographic advantage half a lifetime from now seems like a classic case of wishful thinking .
The myth of the inevitable demographic majority is one of the most dangerous ideas in American politics . It drives the paranoia of conservatives like Anton , who think that it 's worth letting Donald Trump fly the plane of state if the alternative is certain death . But it also lulls liberals into a perilous sense of complacency .
That is especially true of activists who want the Democratic National Committee to swing to the left—to embrace a proudly progressive platform and to adopt an unapologetic form of identity politics . If Donald Trump represents an older , lesser America that is slowly dying out , and Democrats can win simply by mobilizing their growing base , it seems to follow that there 's no need to speak to the plurality of Americans who consider themselves politically moderate . But America has never been a left-wing country , and this is unlikely to change anytime soon . Democrats still need to earn the votes of lots of moderates and whites to oust Donald Trump from the White House . Refusing to recognize this is not going to help .
By the same token , Democrats who think the party already has all the answers will be tempted to draw the wrong conclusions from the fact that the party 's demographic majority is neither near nor inevitable . If most voters continue to be white and/or moderate , they will say , then all we need to do is to find a candidate who has a little less political baggage , and holds somewhat more moderate views , than Hillary Clinton . But the problem with Clinton was n't just that they had plenty of baggage . It 's also that their campaign lacked an uplifting narrative and a core policy promise . To do better , future Democratic candidates will need to be able to articulate a bold vision for the future and to promise a better life to the overwhelming majority of Americans .
Demography , despite the dreams of the left and the fears of the right , is not destiny . Tempting though it is for liberals to think that history is on their side , there is no realistic substitute to winning the battle of ideas . To beat Trump , Democrats will have to build a convincing case they can take to the nation as a whole .
~ Chapter Thirty-Four ~
`` Well , I ca n't say I 've ever had waffles for dinner before . ''
Laughing , Elsa poured another generous helping of syrup atop their own stack as they said , `` We bought the waffle iron and all this other stuff ; may as well get some use out of it . ''
`` Totally fine by me , '' Esmé chuckled as they helped lay things out on the table . `` Anna , is that coffee ready ? ''
`` Yep ! Decaf , just as you requested ! ''
`` Good . '' Jogging into the kitchen , they narrowly missed where Elsa was turning with their plate , causing them both to gasp and then smile at their good fortune . `` Ca n't have breakfast without coffee , even if it is at eight in the evening . ''
Once they were all seated , they dug into their meal . It had been Elsa 's idea ; something to cap off their trip . That they had struck upon said idea while staring into the refrigerator at all the food that would spoil once they left was a mere coincidence , of course .
While they ate , they discussed all manner of things . Hans escorting Elsa was a favourite subject , though they quickly grew tired of talking about the `` pompous ass '' herself . Esmé spent a lot of time dodging their questions about who they went to see on the island . Anna , of course , ended up telling the other SEEK member a lot of things she 'd already told Elsa about their home life , their hopes and dreams , and all that lay between .
`` These are really good , '' they said , flipping through the sketchbook as Elsa and Anna did most of the cleaning up . They did n't want to leave too big a mess , since the next morning they would be flying away and leaving Esmé with most of what was left . Anna was beaming when they saw Elsa did n't have to scrape any of their waffles into the trash ; they had eaten every bite . `` God , how long did it take you to learn to draw like this ? ''
`` Too long . Seriously , it 's not like I just picked up a pencil one day and out came perfection ; I work really hard at it . ''
`` And it shows , '' Elsa said stubbornly , with just as much conviction as they had used ever since the topic trended in that direction .
`` Stooop , '' they whined weakly . `` I 'm no da Vinci ! ''
Grinning , they flipped a couple more . `` Well , I do n't know about da Vinci , but you got skills , girl . Take it from me and Blondie over there — never give up on your dream . Ever . ''
`` Look at the portrait of me . Is n't that one divine ? ! It 's probably the only time I 've seen a picture of myself that did n't make me want to throw up . ''
`` ELSA ! '' Anna burst out , slapping their arm with a dishtowel . The diva only giggled , and Anna kept right on scowling in disapproval at their self-deprecating attitude .
`` What portrait ? This one of you holding the coffee ? ''
Looking around the corner , Elsa said , `` No , the one a few pages before it . '' Esmé flipped back and forth several times . `` What ? ''
`` I do n't see another one of you in here , sorry . ''
`` That 's impossible . '' Leaving the dishes , they stalked in there , wiping their hands on the yoga pants they had thrown on once they got back from their day in town . Picking up the pad herself , they flipped back and forth through several pages , before they discovered that there was , indeed , one missing . `` What happened ? ! Oh no… oh no , no , that one was beautiful , where did it go ? ! ''
But Anna was beginning to giggle behind one of their hands . When they both looked up at her , they picked up the backpack seated in the fourth chair and withdrew a thin , giftwrapped package . Without a single word , they handed it over to Elsa .
`` What are you up to ? '' they asked , eyes narrowed in suspicion . But they still hefted it and turned it over in their hands . `` You did n't . Tell me you did n't ! ''
`` Go on ! '' Anna urged , and Elsa shredded the paper in record time .
`` Oh wow , '' Esmé breathed , standing up to get a better look at the golden frame , with its crisscrossed etching . Also , at the sketch held neatly in the center of the glass . `` You were n't kidding , that's… dang , even I wan na kiss this painting , and I 'm hetero . ''
`` Keep telling yourself that , '' Anna goaded her , though they were too excited to focus on teasing the taller woman . `` Well ? Do you like it ? ''
Elsa did n't say much . For a long moment , their hand raised to trace over the glass , the way it had when it was just a page in a sketchbook . As if trying to reach inside and interact with the art . Them expression — the real Elsa 's , not the pale reflection of them in their hand — was one of the most bittersweet ones Anna 'd ever glimpsed in their short life .
`` Elsa ? Is… do you not like it ? '' The hand laid the painting on the table , which made Anna even more wary . `` W-well , I picked that frame because the crisscrosses made me think of waffles , and- but you can get it re-framed ! Or I can draw you somethi- ''
The last words died when Elsa 's lips crashed into theirs at such speed that they had to take several steps back to keep them from sprawling on the tile floor . They did n't know how to react ; what to do with their hands , or their mouth , nevermind the rest of their body ! But the more Elsa 's lips kneaded into hers , the more they responded by reflex rather than design , until they were so wrapped up in each other that getting them apart might have taken a prybar .
Kissing Elsa . Really doing it this time , not just pecks on the cheek that hinted at more , but a `` more '' neither of them could handle yet . That was the past . In the present , Elsa was devouring their mouth like a starving woman , the actions so clumsy and disjointed but full of sweetness and earnest , just like Anna 's own . It was so new to both of them that they were learning together .
One thing was for certain : it would be awfully difficult to go back to being `` buddies '' after that .
Finally , the two broke the kiss noisily , gasping for air with Elsa running their hands up and down either side of Anna 's neck , eyes slitting open and fluttering . They both struggled to find something to say for a long , long time .
Until Elsa finally whispered , `` Thank you . ''
Poor Anna was still trying to figure out how to respond when they heard the sound of clapping . They turned , and they watched Elsa visibly cringe when they noticed Esmé still standing by the table , applauding their efforts .
`` Oh , do n't mind me , '' they said in highly bemused tones . `` I just did n't want to do anything to ruin the moment , so I stayed put and kept quiet . ''
`` I… appreciate that , '' Elsa wheezed , the corner of their mouth turning up slightly . Turning back to Anna , they glimpsed the stunned look in their face and immediately lowered their eyes . `` Um… that was… d-did- ''
`` That was awesome , '' Anna breathed , heading off their worried fumbling . When Elsa grinned from ear to ear , Anna threw their arms around them and hugged them as tightly as their arms could manage . They danced on the spot for a moment , turning small circles as they laughed with pure joy .
`` God , how disgusting , '' Esmé remarked… though something was off about them voice .
`` Are you crying ? ! '' Anna demanded .
`` NO ! Shut up ! '' As they wiped their eyes , Esmé walked over and put their hands on one shoulder each . `` You two seem to really fit together , y'know ? Like peaches and cream . I'm… glad you found each other . ''
`` Thank you , '' Elsa told them hesitantly , still seeming to be flogging themselves internally for how they treated them a few days prior . `` And thank you for helping in the ways you did . Finding me when Anna was worried , that… if you had let me stay out there by myself , I probably would have eventually convinced myself to keep everything bottled up , and… and never tell Anna a thing . Which I now see would have been a horrible mistake ! ''
`` Yeah , horrible , '' Anna whispered , kissing the stretch of neck just below Elsa 's ear . It earned them a shiver that was satisfying to watch .
`` Okay , that 's enough for me , '' the third wheel laughed — but when they tried to pull away , they caught them in another group hug . `` OH , WHY ? ! When will this end ? ! ''
`` Tomorrow morning , '' Elsa told them firmly .
`` Okay , okay ! Wow , are you clingy all of a sudden ! '' When neither of them let them go , they grunted , `` Can we at least hang out together in the hot tub , something more relaxing than standing around like scarecrows in the dining room ? ''
At that , Anna drew back to wag a finger at their face . `` Ohhh , no you do n't ; I 'm not getting in a hot tub with YOU , I know what 'll happen ! ''
`` What 'll happen ? '' When Anna and Esmé only giggled , the blonde frowned at them and insisted , `` What is it ? Tell me ! Oh , this is going to drive me crazy if you do n't ! ''
~ o ~
So they did eventually relax in the hot tub for an hour or so , letting the time meander . Nothing of note actually came to pass , other than the disappearance of Esmé 's bathing suit — which Anna had half-expected , and did n't care very much about due to the bubbles hiding everything . Elsa , on the other hand , was a flustered wreck for a minute , which held great entertainment value for the other two .
Once the hour grew too late for more shared experiences , however , they all retired for the evening . And Elsa again slipped into Anna 's bedroom .
Hands wandered , but never too far , or under anything . Lips , however , were given a lot freer reign to roam , and would push up the hems of pyjama shirts , down along collarbones . The twin sets met each other so many times that Anna felt sure they would burn , or bruise , but they only felt better the more they danced with each other .
`` You 're lighting me on fire ! '' Anna finally gasped out , hands passing up and down Elsa 's ribcage , alighting on their hips . This time , when their fingertips gouged in , their owner only sucked in a breath and groaned . `` I… I want to keep going , but… ''
`` I know , '' Elsa breathed against their chin . `` It's… so good , and doing more would be… ''
`` Too much ! Right ! '' Laughing nervously , their eyes met as they laid there for a moment . Lips pushed out and met again , but only for a fleeting instant . `` But… someday . ''
`` There will be a someday , Anna . I promise . '' Them face grew more serious , even flushed as it had become . `` I 'm going to make this work . My schedule is crazy , but it does n't matter to me ; you 're the only one I want to be with in the whole world , Anna ! So… so if we have to wait , we have to wait . It 's honestly a pleasure to have you and I to look forward to in life . ''
`` You too . We'll… figure it out . Somehow . Maybe , if I get a part-time job , by the time winter break- ''
`` Stop , stop , '' Elsa laughed . `` My schedule might be crazy , but the one benefit is that it 's because I 'm earning the money to do whatever we need . So you just worry about working out the plans , and I 'll pay to make it happen . AND , '' they went on firmly before Anna could protest , `` this is me doing the thing with my money for the only reason that matters to me , so you had damn well better let me ! ''
`` Yes , Ma'am , '' Anna whispered , and Elsa 's righteous aura faltered as they smiled . `` Anything you say . For the rest of my life , anything you say . ''
That earned them another flurry of kisses that kept them up for some time longer .
~ To Be Continued ~
Walker Evans Cherokee Parts March 1936 “ Auto parts shop . Atlanta , Georgia ”
The real story of the RMS Titanic that goes unmentioned in Western public schools is , of course , one of extreme wealth inequality , class warfare and , ultimately , the complete and utter disdain that the richest people had for the lives of the poorest people in a time of crisis . Just shy of one hundred years from the day the Titanic sunk ( April 15 , 1912 ) , and we are all still stuck on that same dreadful voyage . The global economy has side-swiped an iceberg at full speed and is mathematically destined to go under , no matter what the Captain and crew decide to do .
Except , now , it 's not only the poorest two-thirds of the ship 's passengers that are being left to die , and there is no priority for “ women and children ” . It is true that the entire corporate establishment has benefited from systemic fraud , propaganda/manipulation and taxpayer-funded bailouts , but it is a very small percentage of people who are truly being guaranteed a lifeboat . These institutions and the people who run them are gifted vast sums of money over and over again , while the rest of us patiently , helplessly and hopelessly wait to be “ rescued ” .
Among the 1 % of people who have been given every possible advantage to survive the systemic meltdown , we must include those in charge of defense industrial conglomerates . We are now in a state of perpetual , taxpayer-funded war that surpasses any notion of political ideology or appropriate response to “ external ” threats . However , that is an issue for another time and place . Right now , we will focus on the criminal banking class , which has been feasting on the public coffers for years while hundreds of millions of people struggle to keep their jobs , stay warm , find their next meal and/or avoid being victimized by an ever-growing police state .
Never before in history have such vast amounts of wealth been transferred so quickly from so many people to so few . The worldwide property bubbles of the last few decades , and specifically the last one , were made possible first and foremost by extensive fraud in the banking and real estate sectors of the global economy . Although government regulations and loose monetary policy certainly had their roles to play in the Western housing bubble , it was the private banks originating “ liar 's loans ” , slicing them up , securitizing different loan tranches and marketing them as top-grade investments that really fueled the credit explosion .
A whole plethora of debt-based “ assets ” , securities and derivative instruments were generated through the collateralization of residential and commercial property , which , in turn , created an entire industry of speculation , financial engineering , commissions and returns . The benefits of this industry accrued to fewer and fewer institutions as they pawned off the “ assets ” and derivative instruments to other institutional investors such as pension and hedge funds , and then dumped what remained directly onto taxpayers after the great bust of 2008 .
This class warfare by the 1 % no longer takes the form of some stealthy wealth extraction operation hidden behind cultural optics , clever marketing and flimsy regulations , but is happening out in the open for every neglected , second-rate passenger to see . It has gotten to the point that the U.S. federal government AND the major banks openly admit that extensive fraud occurred with the transfer of mortgage titles and subsequent foreclosure of property . Why else would there be an “ investigation ” and a settlement of $ 40 billion by the five largest banks ?
Even a symbolic settlement such as this one can no longer be made without turning it into a complete travesty of the justice system . They got caught red-handed stealing our money and our homes , and now they have to pay us back a very tiny portion of the stolen wealth… with our money . The Financial Times reports that the settlement agreement contains a clause allowing the banks to count future loan modifications made under the $ 30 billion [ taxpayer-funded ] Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ) as credits for the money owed under the agreement .
US Taxpayers to subsidize $ 40bn housing settlement However , a clause in the provisional agreement – which has not been made public – allows the banks to count future loan modifications made under a 2009 foreclosure-prevention initiative towards their restructuring obligations for the new settlement , according to people familiar with the matter . The existing $ 30bn initiative , the Home Affordable Modification Programme ( Hamp ) , provides taxpayer funds as an incentive to banks , third party investors and troubled borrowers to arrange loan modifications . Neil Barofsky , a Democrat and the former special inspector-general of the troubled asset relief programme , described this clause as “ scandalous ” . “ It turns the notion that this is about justice and accountability on its head , ” Mr Barofsky said . BofA , for instance , will be able to use future modifications made under Hamp towards the $ 7.6bn in borrower assistance it is committed to provide under the settlement . Under Hamp , the bank will receive payments for averting borrower default and reimbursement from taxpayers for principal written down . … But people familiar with the matter told the FT that state officials involved in the talks had had misgivings about allowing the banks to use taxpayer-financed loan restructurings as part of the settlement . State negotiators wanted the banks to modify mortgages using Hamp standards , which are seen as borrower-friendly , but did not want the banks to receive settlement credit when modifying Hamp loans . Federal officials pushed for it anyway , these people said .
This is just one striking and patently obvious example of how the major banks have been guaranteed a lifeboat off of the capsizing global economy by central governments and banks . There are , of course , many more – the Fed , BOJ and BOE 's quantitative easing programs , the ECB 's “ trash for cash ” LTRO operations or secondary market purchases of peripheral sovereign debt , the SNB 's fixed exchange rate policy , the IMF/EU bailouts that are used to meet interest payments and recapitalize banks , the quasi-nationalization of large financial institutions across the Western world , the outright theft of MF Global 's client funds by JP Morgan , etc. , etc. , the band plays on and on .
One of the most fundamental ways in which the banks have been kept afloat is the suspension of mark-to-market accounting rules in the U.S. and Europe . Yes , the banks still get to pretend that the ship is n't even sinking while any and all burdensome debt-assets remain on their balance sheets . As the Wall Street Journal reports in a recent article , Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have unilaterally decided that they will stop marking corporate loans , which are currently worth $ 100 billion , to market value in anticipation of the U.S. corporate sector rolling over .
Change In Loan-Tallying Method Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley have reduced their use of “ mark-to-market ” accounting , shielding them from swings in the value of some loans made to companies . After several months of internal discussion , the two companies are making an accounting change affecting a portion of corporate loans that have a combined value of more than $ 100 billion . The change will value that portion using so-called historical-cost accounting , according to financial filings and people familiar with the matter . Under that accounting method , assets generally are held at their original value or purchase price . Goldman and Morgan Stanley could set aside reserves against possible losses on the loans and hedge them in other ways . The banks are making the change in part because , as a result of regulators ' rules , securities firms using historical-cost accounting wo n't have to hold much-larger amounts of capital against the assets if their values go down . There also will be less fluctuation in Goldman and Morgan Stanley 's earnings , because marking the loans to market creates immediate gains or losses for the companies as the values of the loans fluctuate .
Immediate losses for the banks , you say ? Heavens no , we would n't want that ! Not until the banks have safely dumped all of their distressed assets onto the backs of 99 % of the population and abandoned ship . That is why The Automatic Earth constantly stresses the importance of people constructing their own lifeboats in their homes and communities – because there are only a few available on deck and none of them have your name on it , or the names of your family or your friends or your neighbors . The corporate/banking elites and their corrupt public servants will make sure to get a good view of this titanic disaster from afar , but , then again , there is really nowhere left for them to go .
UPDATE 5/15/12 -- 10:57 a.m. : The GOP-controlled Virginia House of Delegates defeated the nomination of Tracy Thorne-Begland , Richmond 's chief deputy commonwealth 's attorney , the Richmond Times-Dispatch reports . They would have been the first openly gay judge elected in Virginia .
Earlier :
Virginia state Del . Bob Marshall ( R ) has launched an effort to block an openly gay judge from being considered for a post on a general district court .
Marshall said they believe that Tracy Thorne-Begland , a Richmond-based prosecutor who lives with their partner and two adopted children , should be removed from the list of potential appointees . Thorne-Begland 's sexual orientation would conflict with their ability to hold up the state 's constitution , Marshall said .
`` Marriage is between one man and one woman , and the the applicant has represented themselves in public in a relationship that we do n't recognize in Virginia , '' Marshall said in an interview with WRIC , the ABC affiliate in Richmond .
The GOP lawmaker said that Thorne-Begland is `` an aggressive activist for the pro-homosexual agenda . ''
Thorne-Begland has spoken out on gay rights in the past , particularly after their discharge from the Navy in the early-'90s under the Do n't Ask Do n't Tell policy , which until last year prevented openly gay men and women from serving in the military . They have said they would refrain from political activity if appointed to the district court .
`` In those cases where my impartiality could reasonably be questioned , I will , as any judge in my position would , recuse myself , '' Thorne-Begland wrote in a letter to the state Courts of Justice Committee .
Marshall , currently running for U.S. Senate in the state 's Republican primary against likely nominee George Allen , has made headlines in the past for their controversial views .
Last year , they opposed the Richmond Federal Reserve Bank 's decision to fly a rainbow flag outside its building as a symbol of workplace equality , stating that the homosexual behavior `` celebrated '' by the flag `` undermines the American economy . '' They have also called homosexuality a `` disordered behavior . ''
Marshall was also the force behind Virginia 's `` fetal personhood '' bill , which was mocked on `` Saturday Night Live '' . The measure , defeated by the Virginia state senate , would have given fertilized eggs legal rights , and required women seeking abortions to first undergo a trans-vaginal ultrasound .
CORRECTION : An earlier version of this article stated that Marshall wrote the letter to the state Courts of Justice Committee .
CORRECTION : We have corrected the photo caption to reflect that the photo with this story is an image of Tracy Thorne-Begland .
Below , more outrageous things said about sexuality and the LGBT community :
Yet Ms. Mazibuko remains dogged by critics who say their private school education and refined British accent are signs that they are out of touch with most black South Africans . Critics have said that their party pushed Ms. Mazibuko into the second most powerful position , despite their inexperience , simply because they were black and might help broaden the alliance 's appeal .
“ She can only attract a particular type of black , young person , not the whole spectrum of black , young people , ” said Baleka Mbete , the chairperson of the A.N.C . “ I do n't think the people they would attract are the majority . ”
BUT what opponents view as Ms. Mazibuko 's weakness , their party , supported by about 5 percent of black South Africans , sees as potential .
There is an untapped population of young black voters raised in middle-class environments like Ms. Mazibuko 's , voters who talk like her , were born after apartheid and will be able to vote for president for the first time in 2014 . The Democratic Alliance 's hope is that those voters do not feel the same emotional attachment as their elders to the A.N.C. , which liberated blacks from apartheid . Instead , the alliance hopes that young blacks will look to leaders like Ms. Mazibuko as someone who represents their interests .
“ The D.A . has to grapple with the perception that it is a white party and it is interested in preserving white privilege , ” said Sejamothopo Motau , a member of Parliament for the alliance . “ Its leadership has to reflect that the party has gone beyond that — that the party is a party of all South Africans . So having Lindiwe as one of the two leaders of the party at the national level is quite significant . ”
Yet one of Ms. Mazibuko 's loudest critics was a member of their own party , Masizole Mnqasela , a member of Parliament , who wrote a letter months ago to the party 's leader , Helen Zille , saying that Ms. Mazibuko “ does not have a strong resonance with the black constituencies , and it will defeat our objective of trying to attract black votes . ”
Mr. Mnqasela , facing disciplinary charges from their party because of those and other comments , was more supportive in an interview , saying , “ It is an opportunity to have a black leader , and especially a black woman — it is an opportunity in itself for the organization . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Zille , one of Ms. Mazibuko 's biggest supporters , said it was ridiculous to suggest that Ms. Mazibuko was elected only because they were black .
“ Ca n't people be judged for who they are ? ” Ms. Zille asked . “ She 's highly intelligent , she 's very capable , she 's extremely articulate , she 's a very good politician and she 's black . ”
Ms. Mazibuko has maintained a tough exterior amid the questions about their blackness , saying they have heard them since their childhood . Suggesting that all black people must be a certain way was an apartheid way of thinking , they said . During some of their radio appearances , they said , people called in demanding to hear them speak isiZulu .
“ I refuse to do that , ” they said . “ I do n't believe being black is a prize people can award to you . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Ms. Mazibuko was born in the tiny kingdom of Swaziland , tucked between South Africa and Mozambique . Them father was a banker and small-business owner , and their mother was a nurse .
When they were 6 , their parents moved the family to apartheid-torn South Africa , believing that , despite the racism , the country would provide them with new opportunities .
For six years , Ms. Mazibuko lived in Umlazi , a black township , but their family maintained their middle-class lifestyle . They attended a Jewish school because their parents could not get them into the Catholic school . Every June 16 , on the anniversary of the Soweto uprising , a protest in 1976 against the education system under apartheid , their parents sneaked their past street demonstrations to get them to school , even going so far as hiding them in the trunk of their car , they said .
After their father died , their mother moved the family to an affluent neighborhood in north Durban in 1992 . Ms. Mazibuko went off to an Anglican boarding school .
POLITICS were never big in their household . They said they voted for the A.N.C . in their younger days because “ that 's what I thought black people did . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Them inner politician began surfacing after they moved to England to study classical singing .
The Sept. 11 terrorist attacks happened , and they were disturbed by the way Muslims were negatively portrayed . It smacked of the racism that had defined South African politics , they said , and had the feel of the crusades .
“ It made me pause , and it made me think about things I could do in the future , I suppose , to shed a bit of light on that , ” Ms. Mazibuko said .
At the same time , they were looking at South Africa from afar and began to change their view of the role government should play in people 's lives . Whereas township life had led them to believe that government needed to pull people up , they said , they began to adopt the view that government empowers people to help themselves .
They left their music studies to pursue political journalism . While working on a research paper on Ms. Zille for an honors degree , Ms. Mazibuko said , they found common ground with the party 's leader and its politics . Ms. Mazibuko parlayed the assignment into a job as a researcher for the Democratic Alliance . In 2009 , they were appointed the party 's national spokesperson and selected by it to serve in Parliament .
When they speak about their value to the party , Ms. Mazibuko mentions their age before their race , saying it gives them the ability to communicate in a different way from that of party veterans .
When they ran for parliamentary leader , they hired a media strategist and ran a public campaign , the first time that had been done for one of the alliance 's internal elections .
“ Because of that , a number of members of Parliament were pressurized by their own constituencies to support her , ” said Ian Ollis , an alliance member in Parliament who supported Ms. Mazibuko . “ For the first time , we saw constituencies telephoning their member of Parliament and saying , ‘ I want you to vote for Lindiwe Mazibuko . ' ”
But in their Twitter messages , politics take a back seat to intimate life details , like what they are cooking for dinner or how they style them hair .
When one user asked whether they should wear a hair weave or braids , Ms. Mazibuko responded , “ Braids , so you can hit the beach this summer , ” under the hash tag “ blackgirlsolutions . ”
OAKLAND ( CBS SF ) — An act of retribution may have provoked a woman to brutally attack a third grader inside an Oakland elementary school bathroom , police say .
Students at Oakland 's Lafayette school knew something was wrong when they saw officers arrive at school Friday morning . They arrived to arrest Haseemah Diame , a parent and volunteer at the school .
Police say Diame walked onto the campus during recess armed with a hammer and pulled a 9-year-old girl aside .
Update : Police Officer Patrolling Oakland School Following Hammer Attack On Student
“ She was able to lure this other girl away from the play yard during recess into an adjacent bathroom there by the school . Once in the bathroom the adult proceeded to assault the girl with a hammer , ” said school spokesperson Troy Flint .
The attack was serious enough to draw blood .
“ It 's very horrible because I would n't want that happening to my kid , ” said Antoniette Badio , a parent at the school .
Read More :
A teacher and security guard found the girl injured in the bathroom with Diame and called police . Officials say the girl may have paid the price for a feud between their family and Diame 's .
The child was hospitalized with serious injuries , but is expected to recover . Diame is expected to face charges for assault with a deadly weapon .
TM and © Copyright 2014 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2014 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Mrapen ( Indonesian : Api Abadi Mrapen ) is an eternal flame in Indonesia that is the result of natural geologic activity . The Mrapen eternal flame is located in Manggarmas village , Godong District , about 26 kilometers from Purwodadi Grobogan , Grobogan regency , Central Java . This eternal flame was created through natural geological phenomena ; the leaking of natural gas from the ground . It was unknown when the gas leakage was ignited , but the Mrapen flame was already known in the 15th century Demak Sultanate era . It was mentioned that the sacred kris heirloom dagger of Demak Sultanate was forged in the Mrapen flame . [ 1 ]
The Mrapen flame is considered sacred in Javanese culture , and it is used in the annual Waisak Buddhist ceremony , where it is brought to the Mendut and Borobudur temples together with sacred water from the Umbul Jumprit spring . Beginning with the inaugural GANEFO in 1963 , the flame of Mrapen has traditionally been incorporated into the torch relays of multi-sports events held in the country , such as the Southeast Asian Games . During the 2018 Asian Games torch relay , the Asian Games flame ( which originated from New Delhi , India—host city of the inaugural 1951 Asian Games ) was combined with a flame from Mrapen in a ceremony at the Prambanan temple . [ 2 ]
References [ edit ]
Residents in the town of Troy are trying to figure out what to do with an unexpected windfall .
When former resident Betty Giorgianni died at the age of 90 earlier in April , they left the town a gift of $ 821,500 .
For a large city , that might be a drop in the bucket , but for this community of about 2,000 people in the southwest corner of New Hampshire , it 's a big deal .
The gift amounts to roughly half of the town 's overall annual budget .
Tom Matson is chairperson of the Troy Board of Selectmen . They joined NHPR 's Morning Edition to talk about the gift .
When did you first hear about this gift ?
In April , after their funeral , the family stopped by the selectmen 's office to let us know that Betty had remembered the town in the will with a fairly large gift . The amount was n't certain at the time and we were certainly surprised when it came in to be so large .
And so for a town with an annual budget of roughly $ 1.5 million , I imagine this could have a pretty big impact . What 's been the reaction in the community ?
Everyone 's very surprised , pleased , and grateful . The selectmen have been meeting with department heads and committee chairpeople and will continue to do so to figure out the best plan for how to invest the money and how to best use it .
Will this money be taxed ?
No .
So what is the town doing when it comes to deciding what to do with this money ?
Well , we 've been very fortunate . We received another very large gift a couple years ago by a gentleman named Peter Paul , whose father was born in town . That gift enabled us to build a full community center . We kind of feel Betty 's gift will go toward the continuation of that , helping to pay for programming and activities for the children . A large part will be into savings for things like renovation of the town hall and other town buildings . There are plenty of ways to use it .
So you 've got two people in recent times who 've left quite nice gifts to the town . What does that say about the residents you have there in town ?
It makes everyone feel real good about the town . We 've gone through our hard times certainly , but Troy 's a special place for many people . Betty last lived here in the ‘ 60s . For them to remember us after so many years , it 's quite an honor .
What has been the town 's budget situation over the past few years ? Has it been steady or have you had to make any cuts ?
It 's always a challenge dealing with school financing in New Hampshire and that 's the biggest pressure on the town . This will give us a little money , some breathing room to work on some projects that will really make a difference .
Are you getting a lot of requests ? People sending you emails with suggestions on how to spend it ?
Yes , but fortunately , they 're all pretty well thought out . It 's not being treated as a gift so much as a responsibility .
What 's the next step ?
We 'll be meeting with citizens and committees and department heads before the end of the year and then in good New Hampshire tradition , a series of warrant articles will be proposed at Town Meeting about how to apply the money and the voters will vote on it .
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa club director General Charles Krulak has backed the club to avoid relegation and stated that to do so they must summon the spirit of the US Marines .
Villa sits on eight points and on the back of a dismal run that has left very few with any real belief that they can avoid the Championship .
However , the former Gulf War commander , board member and ally of Randy Lerner does n't see things like that .
Speaking to The Sun , Krulak , 73 , said : “ I faced way bigger 'losing battles ' than this — and won them . You ca n't tell me this is impossible . Three wins in a row and we are back in the mix . That 's what Randy believes and what everyone at the Villa believes . The day you do n't believe is the day you quit .
“ Let 's just look at Desert Storm . It was 4am and we were standing next to minefields separating Saudi Arabia and Kuwait . There were trenches filled with gas , massive artillery ready to rain down on us and the threat of chemical attack . My next in command looked at me and said , ‘ How are we gon na get through this ? '
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ I said , ‘ We 're gon na do it , we 're gon na go through this like a knife through butter ' . ''
Krulak goes on in the interview to say that the club must never give up and that Randy Lerner shares these beliefs because their father was in the US Marines .
They also state that Randy Lerner is 100 % behind beating relegation and supporting their manager .
Image copyright FIOD Image caption Jewellery , cars , paintings and even a gold bar were among assets seized by Dutch authorities
Dutch prosecutors say they have launched co-ordinated raids in several countries against suspected money-launderers and tax evaders .
They are investigating about 3,800 Dutch-linked accounts in an unnamed Swiss bank following a tip-off they could contain undeclared assets .
Paintings , a gold bar , cash , a luxury car and jewellery have been seized .
As well as the Netherlands , there have been searches in France , Germany , the UK and Australia .
The Dutch government has passed information to the other countries about more than 50,000 suspect accounts at the bank .
UK authorities said the investigation was also targeting senior bank employees .
Ill-gotten gains ? Anna Holligan , BBC News , The Hague
Image copyright FIOD
The suspicion is that these hidden assets are largely ill-gotten gains , the proceeds of crime . The Dutch financial investigations service has highlighted the unfairness and corrupting nature of tax evasion .
While the practice is apparently becoming more prevalent , the authorities say so too is the exchange of data between governments , the use of smart data to track payments and the use of informants .
The Dutch authorities have warned that the international co-operation is making it harder for the secret bankers to remain below the radar .
But in taking this co-ordinated action without apparently consulting their Swiss colleagues , the Dutch have diluted what might otherwise been seen as a EU-co-ordinated triumph .
The co-ordinated raids on suspects ' properties began on Thursday , the Dutch office for financial crimes prosecution ( FIOD ) said in a statement .
The cross-border operation is being supported by Eurojust , the EU 's judicial co-operation unit , which said the suspect funds ran into the millions of euros .
Credit Suisse bank has released a statement saying its offices in London , Paris and Amsterdam `` were contacted by local authorities concerning client tax matters . We are co-operating with the authorities '' .
It said it `` continues to follow a strategy of full client tax compliance '' .
However , it did not explicitly confirm that it was the institution at the centre of the investigation .
The Swiss bank has already been in difficulty over its customers ' taxes in the United States , says the BBC 's economics correspondent Andrew Walker . In 2014 it agreed to pay a fine of $ 2.6bn ( then £1.5bn ; €1.9bn ) .
Swiss 'disconcerted '
But the Swiss attorney general expressed annoyance that it had not been informed in advance about the operation .
`` The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland is disconcerted about the manner in which this has been organised with the conscious non-inclusion of Switzerland , '' it said in an emailed statement .
`` The applicable practices and rules of international co-operation and legal assistance have obviously not been complied with here .
`` The attorney general expects a written explanation from the relevant leading Dutch authorities and is examining further actions , '' the OAG said .
Image copyright FIOD
Image copyright FIOD Image caption Authorities said the undeclared funds could be proceeds of criminal activity
The Netherlands raids targeted homes in four locations - The Hague , Hoofddorp , Zwolle and the municipality of Venlo . Two people were detained for interrogation .
In Australia , authorities said investigators were looking for the owners of 340 anonymous bank accounts .
The UK tax inspection body , HMRC , confirmed that it had launched `` a criminal investigation into suspected tax evasion and money-laundering by a global financial institution and certain of its employees '' .
`` The first phase of the investigation , which will see further , targeted , activity over the coming weeks , is focused on senior employees from within the institution , along with a number of its customers , '' HMRC said .
`` The international reach of this investigation sends a clear message that there is no hiding place for those seeking to evade tax . ''
The investigation will continue for weeks to come , Dutch financial prosecutors said .
How I Met Your Mother has a super-sized Christmas gift for fans .
Co-creator Craig Thomas has announced via Twitter that CBS will air an hour-long holiday installment on Dec. 17 — the series ' first ever XL ep .
RELATED | How I Met Your Mother Stages a Buffy Reunion With Guest Star Seth Green
“ Some really big crap happens ! ” they teased . Like mayhaps a Barney and Robin surprise engagement ? One can dream !
Ready for more of today 's TV dish ? Well…
• Discovery has scrapped two of its long-running series , Dirty Jobs and American Chopper . The latter will air its final installment Dec. 11 . ( Mike Rowe first announced the Dirty cancellation in a HuffPo blog post on Wednesday . )
• Mia Kirshner ( The Vampire Diaries ) will guest-star in an episode of the USA Network 's upcoming series Graceland , TVGuide.com reports . From White Collar creator Jeff Eastin , the series centers on various undercover law enforcement agents living together in Southern California . She 'll play a medical marijuana farmer .
PHOTOS | The Vampire Diaries ‘ 1940s Trip Means Salvatores in Uniform , [ Spoiler ] 's Return !
• Camille Guaty ( Las Vegas ) and Charlie Bewley ( Twilight ) have booked multi-ep arcs on The Vampire Diaries . Per TVGuide.com , Guaty will play a woman from Professor Shane 's past , while Bewley joins as a mystery man named Vaughn .
• Judd Apatow ( Girls ) revealed via Conan O'Brien 's web series Serious Jibber-Jabber that The Simpsons is putting into production a spec script they wrote some 22 years ago . The installment involves Homer being hypnotized into thinking he 's a 10-year-old .
Which TVLine Items have you talking today ?
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Aug. 30 , 2016 , 7:50 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 30 , 2016 , 8:23 PM GMT By Elisha Fieldstadt
`` White Lives Matter '' will soon be added to a list of U.S. hate groups by the Southern Poverty Law Center , the watchdog group announced Tuesday .
The SPLC contends that White Lives Matter is frequently used by white supremacists as a counter-slogan to `` Black Lives Matter , '' and the movement has been organized into a separate white nationalist group .
White Lives Matter will officially join the list of 892 other hate groups in the country when it gets its annual update in February , said Heidi Beirich , the Intelligence Project director at the SPLC .
Rebecca Barnette stands in front of a flag with a swastika in their profile picture on the Russian social media site VK.com . via VK.com
The group will also appear on the SPLC 's Hate Map , which functions as a device to alert the public and law enforcement where “ organizations spewing racism and hate are located , ” Beirich told NBC News .
White Lives Matter is headquartered in Tennessee , but could also be featured in other places on the map after the SPLC does more research on the group and there whereabouts of its members , Beirich said .
`` Hate groups are , by our definition , those that vilify entire groups of people based on immutable characteristics such as race or ethnicity , '' SPLC 's website says . `` While it 's no surprise , given our country 's history , that most domestic hate groups hold white supremacist views , there are a number of black organizations on our hate group list as well . ''
Black Lives Matter is not on that list because leaders and founders of the group have done `` nothing at all to suggest that the bulk of the demonstrators hold supremacist or black separatist views , '' the SPLC says .
The SPLC added that Black Lives Matter advocates that `` black lives also matter '' and is not in any way anti-white .
Meanwhile , the White Lives Matter website says the group “ supports breeding practices that improve fitness , opposes dysgenic immigration , and takes a libertarian stance on other right wing gripes that do n't directly turn the population non-White . ''
“ The group is clearly white supremacist , ” Beirich said .
White Lives Matter denies that is a white supremacist group and challenged the hate group label .
`` White Lives Matter is really about recognizing the contributions that people of European descent have made to civilization , and that we as a people and culture are worth preserving . We reject the notion that it is morally wrong for people of European descent to love and support their own race , '' the group said in a statement sent to NBC News . `` We value Western civilization and believe that at the very least , immigrants should not make us dumber or poorer . ''
Beirich said there 's no way to know how many members the group has , and the SPLC says it does n't know when the group officially organized , but they believe “ one of its key leaders , if not the leader ” is Rebecca Barnette , 40 , who has leadership roles in the racist skinhead group Aryan Strikeforce and the National Socialist Movement , a neo-Nazi group .
And the Texas-based Aryan Renaissance Society , a neo-nazi group which Barnette was once a member of , has described itself as “ the leading force behind the WLM Movement , ” according the the SPLC .
Barnette 's apparent profile on VK.com , a Russian social media site preferred by white supremacists for its leniency , features Nazi and Klu Klux Klan memes as well as racist and homophobic slurs .
Barnette has used White Lives Matter to attempt “ to unite the broader white supremacist movement ” with events like a march in Georgia and a rally in New York , according to the Anti-Defamation League .
Barnette did not respond to an email sent to an address posted on their VK.com page seeking comment .
“ White Lives Matter ” members are expected at an event to be organized by the Aryan Nationalist Alliance , an umbrella group of small white supremacist groups , on Sept. 10-11 in Quinlan Texas , according to the SPLC .
Besides spreading their message through marches and rallies , White Lives Matter fliers reading “ It 's Not Racist to Love Your People ” have been posted all over the country , according to the SPLC .
Some of the handouts feature language about black-on-white crime , echoing the Council of Conservative Citizens website , which allegedly inspired Dylann Roof to kill nine black churchgoers in Charleston , South Carolina , last year , the SPLC reports .
No one is talking about Ebola anymore . Even though the Ebola outbreak in West Africa continues to cause problems for local populations there , news of the outbreak has largely dropped out of media discourse here .
Over the summer , when the rate of spread was high and the threat of Ebola extending to the U.S. and Europe was imminent , it seemed as though people in public and media outlets would talk about nothing else . International bodies took drastic actions : Aid organizations pulled workers from West Africa , and the United States government effectively banned any casual travel to Ebola-affected countries and strongly discouraged travel to any country in West Africa . Stanford pulled students out of West Africa at the peak of the attention and worry , including those working on fellowships and people living with their families at the time . The university also canceled a summer seminar that had planned to go to Ghana .
Despite the continued local and global relevance of what is happening with regard to the outbreak , conversations have petered out . Many popular news outlets , including The New York Times and National Public Radio , have shifted their coverage from specific news stories that aim to get a sense of what conditions are actually like to simple tallying of areas in which the disease continues have presence , personal narratives , or accounts from the journals of aid workers . Some sources , like NBC News , The San Francisco Chronicle , USA Today , and The LA Times , do n't even have status updates every day .
Similarly , students are n't having conversations regarding Ebola on campus . Columns on the subject in this newspaper have slowed and finally stopped , and , other than the assaulting signs at Vaden reminding people to tell a healthcare professional immediately if you 've been to Guinea , Liberia , or Sierra Leone in the past twenty-one days , no one seems to be actively concerned about the state of things in affected areas .
This may be partially due to the fact that the situation has recently improved , if only marginally . In fact , just this past Friday , the Liberian government announced that their last Ebola patient had been released from quarantine . Not that any of us would know about that .
The slowing spread of the disease and its eradication in some places ought to bolster discussions about Ebola . We should be reflecting on what strategies did and did not work in combatting the disease , as well as trying to figure out how to keep such an outbreak from happening again–or at least determine better containment protocols if cases start to spread anew .
The Ebola outbreak has caused problems in every facet of society in affected communities : medical , political , economic , international position , and educational . In addition to this , there is a need to improve technologies and infrastructure to help end the outbreak and prevent similar things from happening in the future . The nature of the various problems percolating in West Africa toward or after the end of Ebola outbreak in various countries ought to greatly interest students on this campus , if for nothing other than the intellectual challenge that a scenario like this poses for every discipline . Pre-meds ought to be overwhelmed with the challenge of finding a vaccine and why the disease seems to be spreading more slowly . Engineers face the challenge of building cheaper , portable medical equipment that could help the treatment process be more effective . Computer scientists can work on developing more comprehensive and comprehensible tracking systems to keep tabs on patients and their families . They could also work on programming apps that could network an alert system in case someone in a community is exhibiting symptoms .
Historians ought to be busy at work fitting this into the histories of these various countries and analyzing the implications of the historical positionality of these events . Policymakers ought to be talking with historians and thinking about how to make policies that will strengthen national infrastructures to prevent an outbreak of this size from happening again . Persons interested in international relations and development ought to also be interested in the disease 's impact on the state of affairs of the global community . Economists should be interested by the impact on local and global economies .
People interested in education should be working to understand the way these countries are circumventing the necessity of school closures to continue educating children . Philosophers–the moral and ethical implications of initial international response to the outbreak and the follow-ups after the fact . Literature majors should be interested in collecting patient stories , capturing the voices of people who got better , and determining how these sorts of narratives fit into a greater context of global narratives of disease .
This is all to say that we should still care . We have plenty of reason to , but we simply do n't . Why is that ?
The distance helps . The Ebola patients are n't readily visible to us on campus . They are n't in our immediate community , and it 's easy , especially with our busy schedules and the other things that we think about , to forget and ignore that which is n't right in front of us .
But this does n't mean that this is acceptable . We as a community need to be better . We need to be more aware and care , regardless of how far away people are . They are people , and as a result , we have a responsibility to care about what 's going on the world . All of the issues in the world . “ It 's too hard , ” or “ It 's too far away , ” or “ It 's too overwhelming , ” are not adequate excuses , and they do n't absolve us of our responsibility to at least know and care to know what 's going on .
Contact Mina Shah at minashah @ stanford.edu .
# INFO
New Japan Pro-Wrestling 's “ G1 Specials in the USA ” sold out in record time on April 1 , 2017 . 2 days , 2 shows and 2 meet and greets gone within 2 hours.NJPW officials heard you the fans loud and clear . We went right to work on securing more seating for these historic events.We are happy to announce , on Monday May 8 , 2017 at 7pm PDT/10pm EDT , we will release a limited number of additional seats for both July 1 & July 2nd through Ticketmaster * *
You have one more chance to be part of history
Please visit www.njpw1972.com/g1special for more information during the week regarding onsale . Also make sure to follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/njpwglobal & facebook at www.facebook.com/newjapaneng .
* * Tickets placed on sale for July 1 , 2017 & July 2 , 2017 will only be for the live event portion . There will be no further Meet & Greet tickets made available . All additional seats are General Admission for $ 30 .
‘ Life on Earth is in peril . We have no future if we do n't go into space '
STEPHEN HAWKING
Physicist and cosmologist
Robotic missions are much cheaper and may provide more scientific information , but they do n't catch the public imagination in the same way , and they do n't spread the human race into space , which I 'm arguing should be our long-term strategy . If the human race is to continue for another million years , we will have to boldly go where no one has gone before . Life on Earth is at the ever-increasing risk of being wiped out by a disaster such as sudden global warming , nuclear war , a genetically engineered virus or other dangers ... I think the human race has no future if it does n't go into space .
TIM PEAKE
British astronaut
There is no future for us on Earth . If we survive as a human species , it 's inevitable – we are going to have to leave the planet . Now that 's an awful long time away , we hope , but at some point we have to make the leap , and we have to find other resources in the universe – and that starts now . To me it 's an insurance policy . It 's also all about exploration – it 's in our natural psyche to want to explore , to push the boundaries and take the next steps .
Tim Peake is set to fly on a mission to the International Space Station in November next year .
JAMES VAN ALLEN
US space scientist
Only a tiny number of Earth 's six billion inhabitants are direct participants in human spaceflight . For the rest of us , the adventure is vicarious . At the end of the day , I ask myself whether the huge national commitment of technical talent to human spaceflight and the ever-present potential for the loss of precious human life are justifiable .
Their work on the first US satellites revealed the existence of powerful radiation belts round the Earth , now known as the Van Allen radiation belts .
GERARD DEGROOT
Historian
Obscenely expensive manned missions mean that practical , Earth-based science suffers , as does the genuinely valuable satellite research so essential to the way we live today . It is no wonder that the most articulate opposition to the Apollo missions came from Nobel scientists who objected to the way their budgets were bled in order to fund an ego trip to the Moon .
Gerard DeGroot , professor of modern history at St Andrews University , is author of Dark Side of the Moon : The Magnificent Madness of the American Lunar Quest .
Meagher 's accused killer pleads guilty to rape
Updated
A Melbourne man has pleaded guilty to the rape of ABC staffer Jill Meagher but will fight accusations of murder .
The plea by Adrian Bayley came at the end of a one-day committal hearing in the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Tuesday .
The 41-year-old Coburg man entered a guilty plea on one count of rape , but pleaded not guilty to one count of murder and two additional counts of rape .
Earlier the court heard Meagher was accosted by Bayley on Sydney Road in Brunswick , just eight minutes after they left a bar where they had been drinking with colleagues in September .
Prosecutor Gavin Silbert SC told the court that Bayley dragged Meagher into a laneway and raped and strangled them
Sorry , this video has expired Video : CCTV footage shows Jill Meagher being pursued ( ABC News )
Mr Silbert told the court Bayley left Meagher 's body in the laneway and returned home to get a shovel and their car .
They returned at 4:22am and it is alleged they drove to Gisborne and left Meagher 's body on the side of a dirt road .
The court heard that during a 10-hour police interview , Bayley admitted to raping and strangling Meagher , before leading homicide detectives to their body .
Pathologist Matthew Lynch told the court Meagher was found fully clothed and lying on their side .
Dr Lynch told the court they had suffered an `` unusual '' injury with bruises and haemorrhaging indicating they had been held around the neck with some force and for a long time .
They testified Meagher 's ability to resist would have been limited by their level of intoxication .
Bayley sat behind a security screen in the dock flanked by three security officers during the hearing .
Meagher 's parents George and Edith McKeon and their brother Michael were in court .
Them husband Tom Meagher was present to hear Bayley admit to raping their wife but burst out of the courtroom soon after .
Bayley will stand trial in the Supreme Court later this month .
Topics : courts-and-trials , law-crime-and-justice , murder-and-manslaughter , crime , melbourne-3000 , vic , australia
First posted
In their column Friday , the New York Times ' Paul Krugman argued that racist , xenophobic phenomena like Donald Trump in the United States and Marine Le Pen in France are the result of `` the way [ in which ] the strategies elites have traditionally used to keep a lid on those angry white voters finally breaking down . ''
According to Krugman , `` there is a strong element of bait-and-switch to this strategy , '' as `` [ w ] hatever dog whistles get sent during the campaign , once in power the G.O.P . has made serving the interests of a small , wealthy economic elite . '' Trump 's success stems from the fact that he 's `` saying bluntly the things establishment candidates try to convey in coded , deniable hints , and sounding as if they really means them . ''
Advertisement :
They continued , arguing that `` [ s ] ooner or later the angry whites who make up a large fraction , maybe even a majority , of the G.O.P . base were bound to rebel -- especially because these days much of the party 's leadership seems inbred and out of touch , '' adding only that
In offering these explanations of the rise of Mr. Trump and Ms . Le Pen , I am not making excuses for what they say , which remains surpassingly ugly and very much at odds with the values of two great democratic nations . What I am saying , however , is that this ugliness has been empowered by the very establishments that now act so horrified at the seemingly sudden turn of events . In Europe the problem is the arrogance and rigidity of elite figures who refuse to learn from economic failure ; in the U.S. it 's the cynicism of Republicans who summoned up prejudice to support their electoral prospects . And now both are facing the monsters they helped create ...
Read the rest at the New York Times ...
WASHINGTON — Hundreds of Syrian fighters and their American military advisers , backed by American artillery and attack helicopters , have begun a major operation to cut off the western approaches to Raqqa , the city the Islamic State has proclaimed as its capital , officials said Wednesday .
It was the first time that the United States had carried out an air assault with Syrian fighters in its campaign against the Islamic State , and the mission , which began Tuesday , reflected the leeway the Trump administration has given its commanders to carry out operations without prolonged review in Washington .
In a significant commitment of American forces , American helicopters ferried fighters across enemy lines while Marine Corps howitzers , Army Apache attack helicopters and American warplanes provided firepower for the operation . Army surface-to-surface Himars rockets , which are based in northern Syria , are also part of the mission . American Special Operations forces were advising the Syrian fighters on the ground , although a military spokesperson said they were not involved in direct , front-line combat .
The mission represented a new stage in the broader offensive to cut off and seize Raqqa . Its objective was to take control of the Tabqa Dam on the Euphrates River near Lake Assad , the nearby town of Tabqa and a local airfield . An immediate goal was to take the dam intact , but the structure was still under the control of the Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL , and officials said that the fighting was intense .
Last Updated ago . Click `` Updates '' above to see the latest .
Hello , I am Baymax , your personal healthcare companion .
My carbon-fiber armor is sick . It 's just an expression .
I 'm very flexible and strong . Doing a handstand is no problem ( elves not included ) . I 'm also easy to build . No advanced building techniques were used in my construction . And I 'm highly poseable , with an incredibly solid build .
I 'm constructed of 230 pieces and five stickers . I weigh 8 oz ( 227 grams ) and stand seven inches tall ( 17.5 cm ) . With my arms out to each side I 'm a little over ten inches across ( 26.5 cm ) . This low piece count makes me a huggable and affordable play companion .
With my wings and thrusters I can fly , but I fail to see how flying makes me a better healthcare companion . Hiro fails to see how I fail to see that flying is awesome . Fred loves my rocket fist ! My wings are completely adjustable ; although I can not make them magically disappear , as they do in the movie .
[ I built this figure of Baymax with my two children in mind . The model is both very sturdy and extremely adjustable . The swooshable factor on this model is high . They both love it ! As I write this Baymax is flying through the room behind me . ]
None of the poses in the photos have been created through Photoshop or in any way digitally altered . Yeah , that 's right – I really can balance on one hand !
I can not deactivate until you support me and make me into a Lego set .
Image caption Botnets can contain millions of machines
Virus-infected computers that pose a risk to other PCs should be blocked from the net , a senior researcher at software giant Microsoft suggests .
The proposal is based on lessons from public health , said Scott Charney of the firm 's Trustworthy Computing team .
It is designed to tackle botnets - networks of infected computers under the control of cybercriminals .
Putting machines in temporary quarantine would stop the spread of a virus and allow it to be cleaned .
`` Just as when an individual who is not vaccinated puts others ' health at risk , computers that are not protected or have been compromised with a bot put others at risk and pose a greater threat to society , '' they said in a blog post .
`` In the physical world , international , national , and local health organisations identify , track and control the spread of disease which can include , where necessary , quarantining people to avoid the infection of others .
`` Simply put , we need to improve and maintain the health of consumer devices connected to the internet in order to avoid greater societal risk . ''
Health test
Botnets have become the scourge of the internet and a favourite amongst cybercriminals .
Computers are recruited into a network when they become infected with a virus . These are commonly distributed by criminals as attachments in e-mail messages , and as software downloads masquerading as legitimate programs .
Networks can consist of a few hundred to a few thousand Windows machines . However , some can contain millions of PCs .
The networks are usually under the control of criminals who commonly hire them out to others for various means including pumping out spam or mounting `` denial of service '' attacks against websites .
There may be some who would say that Microsoft should n't be on the internet until they get their own house in order Graham Cluley , Sophos Hi-tech crime : A glossary
`` Commonly available cyber defences such as firewalls , antivirus and automatic updates for security patches can reduce risk , but they 're not enough , '' wrote Mr Charney . `` Despite our best efforts , many consumer computers are host to malware or are part of a botnet . ''
Their proposal , presented at the International Security Solutions Europe ( ISSE ) Conference in Berlin , Germany , is for all computers to have a `` health certificate '' to prove that it is uninfected before it connects to the net .
`` Although the conditions to be checked may change over time , current experience suggests that such health checks should ensure that software patches are applied , a firewall is installed and configured correctly , an antivirus program with current signatures is running , and the machine is not currently infected with known malware , '' they wrote in the accompanying paper .
If the health certificate indicates a problem the computer could be prompted to download a missing patch or update its anti-virus settings .
`` If the problem is more serious ( the machine is spewing out malicious packets ) , or if the user refuses to produce a health certificate in the first instance , other remedies such as throttling the bandwidth of the potentially infected device , might be appropriate . ''
However , they said , that cutting people off the internet entirely `` could well have damaging consequences '' .
`` An individual might be using their or their internet device to contact emergency services and , if emergency services were unavailable due to lack of a health inspection or certificate , social acceptance for such a protocol might rightly wane .
`` But much like a cell phone may require a password but still allow emergency calls to be made even without that password , infected computers may still be permitted to engage in certain activities . ''
Global attacks
Graham Cluely , of security firm Sophos , said that some ISPs had previously throttled some users suspected of having infections .
`` They knock off users who look like they are sending large numbers of spam e-mails - an indication of being part of a botnet , '' they told BBC News .
Whilst it solves the problem , they said , it can cause problems for computer users .
`` The challenge then is what the poor old user does , '' they said .
`` They ca n't get on the net to download fixes . ''
They also said that there was a danger that many people would think that any message telling them that they had an infection on their machine was a scam .
The approach is used around the world . In Japan , for example , more than 70 ISPs have formed the Cyber Clean Center , which contacts users and provides security software to prevent further infections .
Other initiatives exist in France and Australia .
Microsoft said that to make its plan work itwould need four steps , including defining a health computer , creating a trusted system for health certificates and finding a way for ISPs to process and act on them .
Relevant legal frameworks would also be needed , it said .
But Mr Cluley questioned whether Microsoft was best placed to recommend such security measures .
`` Microsoft does n't have a faultless record when it comes to security , '' they said .
`` It has improved over the years , but every month they have to release a package of updates .
`` There may be some who would say that Microsoft should n't be on the internet until they get their own house in order . ''
