Reports are coming in that the government in Malaysia has ordered the immediate suspension of many BitTorrent trackers hosted in the country . In a shock move , the government - citing the 'Copyright Act 1987 ' - has ordered hosts to suspend servers hosting BitTorrent sites , pending an investigation . Many sites are offline .
When BitTorrent sites get into legal trouble or other pressures force a move to a new location , the speculation begins on the safest place to go .
For instance , would a site bail out of the Netherlands and move to Canada ? Is Canada too dangerous now , and would a move to Sweden be more appropriate ? What about moving to Ukraine-based hosting like Demonoid or further afield – China or Russia maybe ? Inevitably , discussions usually involve ideas of moving sites east , to countries like Malaysia . Fairly high-tech countries like this seem an attractive proposition , particularly given their government 's track-record in failing to do much about piracy .
Given this background , BitTorrent tracker admins with their sites hosted in Malaysia were confronted by a very unpleasant surprise today . An administrator from a well known tracker contacted TorrentFreak this morning with worrying news , they told us : “ Malaysia 's government suddenly forced all torrent websites to shut down today until further notice , a complete surprise to torrent admins and the offshore hosting companies in Malaysia . ”
The news was given to this and other site admins , via an email from their hosting provider , which indicates the action has been ordered down from a high level . The email informs the admins that their servers have been suspended by the Ministry of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs , under the Copyright Act 1987 . As the request came from the government , the host makes it clear they had no choice but to shut down the site . Among the affected sites are Extremebits , Rapthe , Superfundo and several others . According to sources , although torrent sites have been taken offline , other sites dealing in pirate material have also been suspended after the government decided to act on mounting copyright-related complaints .
Prominent Malaysian host Shinjiru confirmed the closures , telling TorrentFreak : “ We can confirm that this is accurate . We had enforcement officers from MDTCA visiting the office to confirm the closure of BitTorrent sites hosted on our network . We will comply to all shut down instructions from the local authorities or agencies with warrants or documents . ”
Update : Contrary to comments from a site admin , sources close to the situation are saying the shutdowns are limited to a small number of sites and are n't necessarily part of a wider crackdown , despite government involvement .
The president declared the shooting an “ act of evil ” and announced they will visit Las Vegas in person on Wednesday .
Flags at the White House and the Capitol Building were lowered to half-staff .
The effects of Sunday 's mass shooting in Las Vegas that left at least 59 dead and 527 injured — one of the deadliest in American history — could be felt thousands of miles away in Washington , D.C. , where business was anything but usual Monday morning .
Read more
The effects of Sunday 's mass shooting in Las Vegas that left at least 59 dead and 527 injured — one of the deadliest in American history — could be felt thousands of miles away in Washington , D.C. , where business was anything but usual Monday morning .
Flags at the White House and the Capitol Building were lowered to half-staff .
Press conferences were canceled .
Nevada representatives rushed aboard planes to get back to their home state .
The president declared the shooting an “ act of evil ” and announced they will visit Las Vegas in person on Wednesday .
Dozens of politicians turned to prayer , according to their press releases .
But a debate over gun control legislation ? There , at least , things were business as usual .
Authorities have since confirmed the shooter , 64-year-old Stephen Craig Paddock , opened fire on an outdoor country music festival crowd of more than 22,000 people from the window of their 32nd-floor hotel room , where police found 10 guns and Paddock 's dead body . The type of guns and how Paddock purchased them were not yet known as of Monday afternoon .
Even when those details come out , however , Republicans in control of Congress are unlikely to consider any gun control legislation aimed at mitigating the carnage of mass shootings . As expected , neither Trump nor the Republican leaders in Congress mentioned gun control legislation in their statements Monday .
“ There 's a time and place for a political debate , but now is time to unite as a country , ” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a press briefing .
In an ironic twist , Congress was actually on the verge of passing a law that would loosen gun laws when news of the shooting broke Sunday night . The bill — the Sportsmen Heritage and Recreational Enhancement Act known as the SHARE Act — is the National Rifle Association 's chief legislative priority and has been gaining steam in the House . If passed , it would revise regulations to make it easier to sell gun-silencers ; limit the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives from classifying certain ammunition as “ armor piercing ” ; and loosen rules for hunting on public lands . The president 's son Donald Trump Jr. , a hunter , is a strong supporter of the legislation .
The bill passed through committee on a party-line vote on Sept. 13 and was expected to be voted on by the House as soon as this week . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi had previously predicted the legislation would pass .
The legislation would then face an uphill battle in the Senate , where it would need 60 votes to pass . But with several Democrats up for reelection in gun-friendly states like West Virginia , Montana , Indiana , and Missouri , it 's possible the GOP could get it through .
Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut , who has been pushing for gun control since the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012 , issued a statement calling the government 's response , or lack thereof , “ positively infuriating , ” and accused their colleagues of being “ so afraid of the gun industry that they pretend there are n't public policy responses to this epidemic . ”
While many Democrats , including Murphy , Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , and Sen. Brian Schatz of Hawaii , called on Monday for gun control measures , many did not and instead echoed their Republican colleagues ' “ thoughts and prayers . ”
For example , Democratic Rep. Jacky Rosen of Nevada , who represents part of Las Vegas , declined to address gun control legislation in their statement , which said they were “ heartbroken ” and that their “ thoughts and prayers are with the victims. ” Rosen is the Democratic Party 's leading candidate to challenge Sen. Dean Heller in 2018 .
Democrats have traditionally trod lightly on gun control since passing the Federal Assault Weapons Ban in 1994 as part of a larger crime bill . Months after it was passed , Democrats lost both chambers of Congress in the midterm elections , and many party officials believe the gun control legislation played a significant role . Bill Clinton themselves supported the theory , writing in their 2004 memoir that they likely “ pushed the Congress , the country , and the administration too hard , ” with the weapons ban .
The resistance to gun control legislation even extends to victims of gun violence . House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana , who nearly died in June after a politically-motivated shooter opened fire on the congressional Republicans ' baseball practice , issued a statement Monday calling for “ solidarity ” but made no mention of potential legislative solutions .
Asked if the member of congress 's opinions on gun control legislation had been affected by their experience this past summer , Scalise 's office did not answer multiple requests for comment .
But their website provides a clue : It boasts of an “ A+ rating ” from the NRA .
Yesterday , I was driving back from a tennis tournament in ( insert state here ) . While i was driving I decided I was going to smoke the little bit of weed I had left in my car . I packed it going 75 on the highway and it actually was n't that hard . Literally , it took me about 2 minutes to be higher than the clouds . I was talking to myself for about 45 minutes or more . I do n't even think I was paying attention to the road at first , but when I did I felt like i was flying . I put my hands out like I was Superman and it was the greatest feeling . I was also yelling at cars , CARS ! Not the people inside , but the actual cars . I 'm sure a few people saw me laughing to myself , and they probably thought i was nuts because I was cracking up with the thoughts I had .
I havent smoked much lately , but when I get more weed I will have more stories . Thanks for the support .
A Swiss court has wiped the slate clean for a farmer and their family , relieving them of an annual debt to a Catholic church dating back to 1357 , Swiss public broadcaster RTS reported Tuesday .
The court in the northeastern canton of Glarus ruled that the farmer and their family no longer needed to pay some 70 Swiss francs ( 58 euros , $ 76 ) a year to keep the sanctuary lamp of the Naefels Catholic church burning .
The debt dated back to 1357 , when a certain Konrad Mueller killed a man named Heinrich Stucki .
To save their soul and avoid revenge attacks from the victim 's family , Mueller gave a sanctuary lamp to a local church and vowed to finance its fuel “ for eternity ” .
If they failed to do so , their land would go to the Church , RTS reported .
Over the centuries , owners of Mueller 's old land have continued to pay for the lamp oil .
But when the Naefels parish wanted to officially register this arrangement with the municipality , one of the landowners balked .
The church took them to court , but the court ruled on December 20 that the legal customs practised in the 14th century had ceased to be valid when Switzerland reformed its lending sector in the mid-1800s .
The Philae lander detaches from the Rosetta spacecraft in November 2014 ( Credit : ESA/Rosetta/Philae/CIVA )
Philae , the European Space Agency probe that landed on and then bounced across the surface of comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko in November , has provided researchers with a wealth of data that they are now eagerly digging through . But they are also desperate for the probe to wake up again , because their findings have left them with as many questions as answers .
Philae 's mothership , Rosetta , is currently in the middle of a week-long search for Philae , but so far has n't found anything . “ At the moment we 're simply listening for it , ” says Rosetta mission scientist Matt Taylor , but they think the spacecraft is unlikely to be warm enough to wake up until May , when the seasons change on 67P and the comet 's dark side becomes illuminated – Philae is thought to be just on the wrong side of the dividing line .
Meanwhile , researchers on the mission have been presenting their findings at the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in The Woodlands , Texas . The latest data , released today , shows that features on the surface that appeared to be sculpted by wind actually are n't , chains of organic molecules are present on the comet , and the entire thing might be made from pebbles .
Advertisement
One aspect of comet 67P that has been puzzling researchers ever since Rosetta arrived in August are the many surface features that seem to have been produced by wind , like dunes similar to those seen on Earth . But the comet 's low density atmosphere should n't be able to blow hard enough to make them . “ You immediately go for a terrestrial analogue , but it might not be accurate to make that direct comparison , ” says Taylor .
Dunes without wind
Stefano Mottola , who leads the ROLIS camera on the underside of Philae , presented pictures taken during the probe 's first descent to the surface that prove a different explanation . They highlighted Cheops , a nearly 50-metre wide boulder near the first landing site that the team is using as the basis for the coordinate system on 67P . It appears to have a moat in the surrounding dust on one side and a tail on the other , suggesting something is blowing dust across the comet 's surface .
The team saw similar features when they looked on a wider scale covering almost a square kilometre of the comet 's surface . “ We identified 17 ‘ wind ' tails that are all aligned in exactly the same direction , ” said Mottola . “ This is quite amazing . ”
ROLIS images reveal 67Ps surface is made up of both small and large dust particles , but jets of gas emerging from the comet as it heats up are n't strong enough to blow either kind across the surface – the small ones stick together too much , and the large ones are too heavy .
Instead , Mottola thinks particles launched into the air by jets are responsible for bouncing other dust from one part of the surface to another , a process geologists call saltation . “ We are postulating that particles falling down by air fall smash on the bed and trigger saltation without the necessity of having some kind of wind , ” they said .
Pebbles to the core
Philae 's final resting place , propped sideways against a cliff , seems to be quite different from its first landing spot . François Poulet of the CIVA camera team presented a more detailed analysis of the first pictures of Philae sitting on the surface on 12 November , with two feet on the ground and one hovering above . Parts of the surface here seem to be made of aggregated pebbles , but others are smoother . Neither are particularly dusty , they said . “ There is no dust mobilisation in this part of the comet . ”
The pebbles are a good sign because they fit with one model of how comets , the building blocks of planets , form . This model suggests that tiny particles in the early solar system clumped together to form centimetre-scale pebbles , but these pebbles do n't simply grow into larger and larger objects . Instead , the pebbles clump together while retaining their original shape . “ This is exactly what we see with CIVA , ” said Poulet . “ It 's possible that the comet could be totally made of pebbles . ”
Making contact with Philae to take more images would be extremely useful , they said , joking that the French president François Hollande 's new dog , named Philae after the probe , is much easier to wake up than the real thing . The lander rotated during its last few hours alive so CIVA would be able to take pictures of a different view , allowing the team to create a full 3D model of its surroundings by combining new pictures with the ones taken earlier . The change in illumination as the comet nears the sun will also reveal new details .
Philae 's botched landing is also causing issues for other instruments , like the CONSERT radar which scans the interior of the comet by bouncing radio waves between Rosetta and Philae . “ It 's critical for some of their measurements to get a pinpoint accurate location for Philae , ” says Taylor .
Getting a good sniff
Ian Wright , who leads the Ptolemy mass spectrometry on the lander , has had to adapt to the unpredictable mission . Ptolemy was designed to take gas samples from the surface shortly after landing , and analyse material from the comet delivered by the drill , but instead switched on during the bounce . “ We had imagined it would take place on the surface , but it took place 100 metres away , ” they said . “ What we actually ended up doing was not something we had practiced for . ”
The team 's analysis reveals a series of peaks in their mass spectrometry data , suggesting Ptolemy has sniffed some kind of repeated molecule . Wright thinks this is polyoxymethylene , a chain of hydrogen , carbon and oxygen atoms that was also seen during a flyby of Halley 's comet in 1986 . One open question is what caps off the repeating chain – the current data suggests it is either hydrogen , formaldehyde , or acetaldehyde .
Direct sampling from the surface would really help Ptolemy , and clear up exactly which complex organic molecules are present on the comet . “ This is n't something that the instrument was particularly designed to do , ” said Wright . “ Please everyone , keep your fingers crossed for Philae waking up . ”
`` The phrase 'one-way hash function ' might sound arcane and geeky , but hash functions are the workhorses of modern cryptography . ''
— Bruce Schneier
Hash Functions
Hash functions are functions with outputs all the same size . These outputs are referred to as hashes . For example , all Secure Hash Algorithm 1 ( SHA1 ) hashes have 20 bytes . Hash functions can efficiently confirm the integrity of files . For example , to confirm two terrabyte sized files are identical , it is easier to compare two hashes than all the bits !
One Way Functions
Cryptography requires hash functions that are one way functions . One way functions are functions that are hard to invert . For example , computers can quickly find products of large primes , but , they can not quickly factor the results .
Collision Resistance
Cryptography also requires hash functions that are collision resistant . Collision resistance is a property of hash functions whereby it is difficult to find objects with the same hash . MD5 is a hash function discovered to have weak collision resistance . One could in principle maliciously modify information such that MD5 hashes would not detect the change . For a sobering example , consider Alice replacing this letter of recommendation , to the administrator of Gaul , with this alternate letter . The MD5 hash of both Postscript files is 0xa25f7f0b29ee0b3968c860738533a4b9 !
Collision resistant hash functions make password based authentication systems more secure since only password hashes are stored . Authentication is performed by comparing hashes . Even if all password hashes are made public , it is still not possible to easily determine the passwords ! ( A attacker can eventually determine the passwords . Therefore , many systems require passwords to be changed every few months . )
Blockchains
Blockchain systems continually use hashes to confirm the integrity of much information . Hashes also provide short unique identifiers for accounts , keys , transactions , blocks and state .
Conclusion
Hashes are vital for the Internet , blockchains and beyond . They are truly the workhorses of cryptography .
Feedback
Feel free to leave any comments or questions below . You can also contact me by clicking any of these icons :
Acknowledgements
I would like to thank IOHK ( Input Output Hong Kong ) for funding this effort .
License
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 International License .
culture Now and Then : Ireland Park
Now and Then explores the stories behind Toronto 's historical plaques and monuments .
It 's not a park you 're likely to happen across by accident , but if you have some time this St. Patrick 's Day , wander over to Ireland Park by the Lakeshore and learn about Irish history . But , the story at Ireland Park is n't a cheerful one .
In the mid-1840s , during the Potato Famine ( an Gorta Mór , the Great Hunger ) , around one million people left Ireland . Around one million others died in the country . Even those that did leave for other countries , including Canada , did n't always survive the journey .
Ireland Park , nestled in a strip of grass next to the abandoned Canada Malting Company silo buildings at Éireann Quay , commemorates both the people who made it to Canada and those who did n't . Five bronze figures face the Toronto skyline , with one man raising their arms towards the buildings . One woman has collapsed to the ground and appears appears to be suffering . According to the Ireland Park Foundation they are “ in the last moments of life . ”
The sculptures were commissioned by Dublin-born Robert Kearns , now chair of the Ireland Park Foundation , after they saw the famine memorial in Dublin .
In 1997 , to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the famine , Norma Smurfit commissioned sculptor Rowan Gillespie to create a memorial , which they then gifted to the City of Dublin . The figures are at the Customs House Quay at along the Liffey River and they face east , towards the Irish Sea . The sculpture is called Famine or The Departure and shows figures clutching belongings and , in one case , carrying a small child as they shuffle east .
Kearns asked Gillespie to create a similar memorial for Toronto , and their brother , architect Jonathan Kearns , designed the park . Ireland Park was officially opened in a ceremony with Irish President Mary McAleese , Premier Dalton McGuinty , Finance Minister Jim Flaherty , Mayor David Miller , and Kearns . The park commemorates the arrival of around 38,000 Irish immigrants between Mary and October 1847 , with the bronze sculptures titled Migrants or The Arrival .
The pregnant woman is meant to symbolize hope and new life in a new country , while the young boy is meant to seem apprehensive , and unsure if they should move forward . The figure closest to the grain silos was inspired by Pius Mulvey from Joseph O'Connor 's book Star of the Sea , set in 1847 during the famine . In the book , the Star of the Sea is a ship carrying migrants , including Mulvey , from Ireland to New York .
Behind the figures looking at the skyline is a large block of black limestone from Ireland . The shape resembles a ship , but the limestone has been sliced into several pieces . In the small gaps , names of those who died making the voyage are engraved into the stone .
According to the Ireland Park Foundation , they only knew 32 names of the 1,186 who died on the ship or shortly after arriving in Toronto . Many immigrants died of typhus during an 1847 epidemic , and the boats that carried them were often called “ coffin ships ” for this reason . Sick people would be quarantined in fever sheds , including at Grosse Île , Quebec , where thousands of Irish immigrants were kept after arriving . Over 800 Irish immigrants died in Toronto fever sheds , built by the Toronto Board of Health at King and John Streets .
According to the foundation website , “ Thanks to the great work of Prof. Mark McGowan , their son Patrick and research assistants Michael Chard and Neil Sands , we are proud to have recovered a total to date of 675 . Their names will be forever engraved in the limestone sculpture at Ireland Park and have been returned to the citizens of Ireland in a commemorative book . ”
The park also has some screens around a glass tower—symbolizing a hopeful beacon—although they were not switched on as of mid-March .
Ireland park took over a decade to create and the foundation gathered $ 3.5 million to build the memorial and park . The money came from both private and public sources , including the provincial and federal governments and the Government of Ireland . The foundation is working to commemorate Dr. George Robert Grasset , who died in 1847 treating Irish typhus patients , with a memorial at a park named for them at Adelaid and Widmer . The park was dedicated to Grasset and two of their colleagues , Susan Bailey and Edward McElderry , in 2014 when it was just a small green space . Money for development and a memorial will come from the City and the Irish government .
It is very important to respond to the call of nature at any time need comes . For you to have all the enjoyment you need it is very crucial to move with the Camping Toilet Tent ( Privacy Pop-up ) so that whatever point or wherever the compelling force of nature calls your name , be prepared with The Travel Can .
See Product Details : Camping Travel Toilet and Privacy Pop-up Complete Package
Travel & Camping Toilet Tent by Matter Of Time , Inc . It comes completely gathered and sets up in seconds . Intended to standard latrine seat measurements , you will feel comfortable . The stainless steel guarantees your Travel Latrine will stand solid for quite a long time to come . Any size of a person can use it , either be small or huge .
Incorporates convey sack , bathroom tissue holder and 8 Bio Packs . Security Pop Up At whatever point or wherever the unstoppable force of life calls your name or on the off chance that you recently require a spot to change , the Protection Pop Up is an absolute necessity have frill .
This security safe house sets up in seconds and afterward effectively overlays levels into its own convey pack .
Four bendable stainless steel rings help a sturdy polyester shell that is climate and fire safe . Buy both the Travel Latrine and Security Pop-Up and you can get bio sac for free .
The entire set is convenient and come as the pop-up shelter and several cases of dookie sacks . The asylum itself set up is easy and takes few seconds , it truly just pops out of its convey case . Be that as it may , pop-up likens to ca n't hold up in any wind . The primary night we stayed outdoors , it continued collapsing in on itself because of the wind .
Nonetheless , whatever is left of the time we were there , we had little wind and it held up fine . It was exceptionally helpful when outdoors amid chasing season and looking for a little protection to do your business . It is little inside , however .
Enough space to put the latrine and to remain in . Be that as it may , no inside snares and one pocket close to the top that you can put the tissue in , yet it is not helpful .
Bringing it down , I got notification from different viewers , was the huge test . My wife and I gave careful consideration to how it unfolded out of the pack and had the capacity fold it back up without any inconvenience . Camping Toilet Tent ( Privacy Pop-up ) was super simple to set up and bring down and simple to join dookie sacks to .
The sacks , nonetheless , were a bit slim and effectively torn . All things put into consideration , it filled and its need is not difficult to situate up . It is extremely advantageous how everything overlap level into its convey cases , making for simple transport when auto outdoors .
You need to have at least 130 dollars and 18 dollars to have Camping Toilet Tent ( Privacy Pop-up ) . It is not a one day item , it is what you can use for several years and feel that you possess the right item .
Gleeson says they and the attorney general no longer enjoy ‘ complete trust and confidence ' after public clashes
The solicitor general , Justin Gleeson , has announced their imminent resignation , citing their “ irretrievably broken ” relationship with the attorney general , George Brandis .
On Monday Gleeson wrote to Brandis announcing they would tender their resignation on 7 November to resolve the “ impasse ” that had developed between the pair .
The pair has been engaged in a very public spat over whether Brandis properly consulted Gleeson before making a binding legal direction that all government requests for Gleeson 's advice would have to be approved by the attorney general 's office .
George Brandis has a history of meddling with independent agencies . He 's at it again | Richard Ackland Read more
The dispute culminated in a public showdown before a Senate committee in which Gleeson declared they had ignored the direction because they believed it is unlawful .
In their letter of resignation , Gleeson said their decision “ did not amount to a withdrawal of any position I have taken in relation to the controversy between us ” .
Rather , the solicitor general said their decision was motivated “ solely by the best interests of the commonwealth ” and to restore a functional working relationship between the first and second law officer .
Gleeson objected to the direction because they said it prevented them giving urgent legal advice without written consent and would tip the attorney general off when others , including the prime minister or governor general , asked for confidential advice .
Brandis claimed they had consulted Gleeson at a meeting on 30 November at which the issue of processes for referring advice were discussed but Brandis did not tell Gleeson they proposed to make the direction .
Through submissions to the Senate committee examining the dispute , Gleeson revealed disagreements with the attorney general about legal advice including that they had not advised on the final version of the government 's bill to strip terrorists of Australian citizenship .
In their resignation letter Gleeson said their decision would “ better enable the parliament to make an objective consideration of the issues I have raised undistracted by personalities ” .
The Senate is expected to disallow the legal direction after the committee inquiring into it concludes on 7 November .
Gleeson said they rejected “ each and every attack and insinuation that has been made in recent times upon me personally or upon my office , by government members , including by [ Brandis ] , in Senate committee processes ” .
The committee 's deputy chairperson , Ian MacDonald , subjected Gleeson to fierce questioning because they had advised shadow attorney general , Mark Dreyfus , they had not been consulted before Brandis made the direction . In the Senate , MacDonald accused Gleeson of politicising the office .
Gleeson said the interests of Australia “ can be served only when its first and second law officers enjoy each other 's complete trust and confidence within a mutually respectful relationship ” .
Explaining their resignation at two weeks ' notice , Gleeson said the Attorney General 's Department and office needed to urgently negotiate an effective way forward with their successor as solicitor general .
Laura Tingle ( @ latingle ) Part of Gleeson 's resignation letter pic.twitter.com/ni6j1V184w
In a statement , Brandis accepted the resignation , describing it as “ the proper course of action for them to have taken ” despite claiming before the 14 October committee hearing that their relationship with Gleeson was still functional .
“ I thank Mr Gleeson for their service as the solicitor general of the commonwealth and wish them well for the future , ” Brandis said .
Dreyfus said Gleeson had resigned as a result of Brandis ' “ disgraceful treatment ” .
They said Brandis had acted shamefully first through the power grab of the legal direction and then by lying to parliament by maintaining they had consulted Gleeson .
“ Since Senator Brandis 's move to destroy the independence of the office of solicitor general came to light , Mr Gleeson has conducted themselves with dignity and respect at every turn , ” they said .
They said the attorney general should have been the one to resign or be sacked by the prime minister .
Bill Shorten ( @ billshortenmp ) Justin Gleeson SC : an honourable man pushed out of office by a dishonourable government . Turnbull should hang their head in shame .
At the 14 October hearing , Brandis said they were “ shocked ” that Gleeson had not revealed earlier that they told Dreyfus during the caretaker period they believed they had n't been consulted .
“ Even if on some construction they did n't do the wrong thing [ by speaking to Dreyfus ] – no explanation was offered or is possible for why they did not to disclose that fact to the government , ” Brandis said .
The attorney general said Gleeson should have sought consent before revealing to the committee that they had been given a request for urgent advice about the composition of the Senate .
Marty McCormack and James Slaughter have announced that they will be taking part in the upcoming MSA British Rally Championship under the Tiger Risk Rally Team banner .
McCormack will be campaigning a Skoda Fabia S2000 that they have previously used on ERC and WRC stages while historic rally competitor Slaughter will be behind the wheel of a newly acquired Ford Fiesta R5 .
“ There are a lot of good drivers in good cars for the BRC this year and it will be tough . I will be at a slight disadvantage in terms of power but I have a lot of experience in the Skoda and hope the confidence overcomes the power deficit , ” said McCormack .
Slaughter is usually behind the wheel of their historic Ford Escort and will continue their association with the blue oval with the Fiesta R5 .
“ The BRC is about the best cars , the technology and being able to drive them , ” explained Slaughter . “ It was almost a no brainer when I was deciding what to do this year and I look forward to becoming Marty 's team-mate in the BRC this year . ”
The Loft was the location for the first underground dance party ( called `` Love Saves the Day '' ) organized by David Mancuso on February 14 , 1970 , in New York City . Since then , the term `` The Loft '' has come to represent Mancuso 's own version of a non-commercial party where no alcohol , food , or beverages are sold . Mancuso 's vision of a private party is similar to , and inspired by , the rent party and house party . Unlike conventional nightclubs or discotheques , attendance is by invitation only . In the late 1970s , Mancuso abandoned the generally accepted and expected practice of beatmatching , preferring to play songs in their entirety on their renowned audiophile -quality sound system , considered to be the best in New York , [ 1 ] and among the best in the world , [ 2 ] during the venue 's heyday . Mancuso required that the music played had to be soulful , rhythmic , and impart words of hope , redemption , or pride . [ 3 ]
When Mancuso threw their first informal house parties , the gay community ( who comprised much of The Loft 's attendee roster ) was often harassed in the gay bars and dance clubs , with many gay men carrying bail money with them to gay bars . But at The Loft and many other early , private discotheques , they could dance together without fear of police action thanks to Mancuso 's underground , yet legal , business model . Vince Aletti described it `` like going to party , completely mixed , racially and sexually , where there was n't any sense of someone being more important than anyone else , '' and Alex Rosner reiterated this saying `` It was probably about sixty percent black and seventy percent gay ... There was a mix of sexual orientation , there was a mix of races , mix of economic groups . A real mix , where the common denominator was music . '' [ 4 ]
The initial Loft was Mancuso 's own home at 645-647 Broadway . [ 1 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] The collapse of a neighboring hotel in 1974 forced a temporary closure and move [ 1 ] to 99 Prince Street in Soho , in 1975 . [ 2 ] Vociferous community opposition ensued , [ 1 ] and the party lay dormant for a year during the New York City Department of Consumer Affairs ' longest administrative trial to date , based on their insistence that Mancuso required a `` cabaret license '' . The department decreed in 1975 that they were free to host their parties as long as there were no sales of food or beverages . This decision set a new precedent that benefited the Paradise Garage and other private `` clubs '' in the process . The period also saw Mancuso 's space serve as headquarters for the New York Record Pool , the very first record pool , which they founded with Vince Aletti and Steve D'Acquisto . [ 2 ] Many of the disco era 's leading disc jockeys , including Larry Levan , [ 2 ] Nicky Siano [ 1 ] and Frankie Knuckles [ 2 ] were early Loft attendees . Their venues ( the Paradise Garage , [ 7 ] The Gallery , [ 7 ] Chicago 's Warehouse , [ 7 ] and the exclusively gay The Saint ) were influenced by The Loft . Nonetheless , Mancuso maintained their niche , breaking such unconventional records as Manu Dibango 's `` Soul Makossa '' [ 1 ] and the Steve Miller Band 's `` Macho City '' at their weekly events .
In 1984 , [ 1 ] after Mancuso 's 99 Prince Street owner put the building up for sale , Mancuso purchased a building on 3rd Street , between Avenue B and Avenue C in Alphabet City . [ 1 ] Not yet benefiting from gentrification , the new crime-and-drug ridden setting resulted in theirs losing `` 65 percent of [ his ] attendance '' . [ 1 ] Around this time , DJ and promoter impresario Richard Vasquez began their influential and exclusive weekly parties , named `` The Choice '' , at this location along with Joey Llanos . The party kept the spirit of the early Mancuso parties while embracing the early days of Deep House Music . In 1994 , Mancuso relocated to a smaller space [ citation needed ] on nearby Avenue A [ 1 ] and subsequently downsized further to another location on Avenue B . [ 1 ] Since then , Mancuso continued to throw three to five Loft parties per year at an undisclosed location in the East Village , while organizing general admission Loft-style events in locales as disparate as Los Angeles , CA and Shibuya , Tokyo .
The California 'supermom ' who disappeared for three weeks last November after allegedly being kidnapped by sex traffickers is now a virtual recluse who is 'trying to put their lives back together ' .
The disappearance of the pretty blonde wife of Keith Papini , 33 , and mother to Tyler , five , and Violet , three , sparked one of the largest manhunts in California history .
Investigators looking into the case have told DailyMail.com that they are still having no news on the case but continue working on the assumption that Papini was kidnapped .
Scroll down for video
Sherri Papini , 35 , lives isolated from society in their family home in Shasta Lake , California as investigators are still trying to find who kidnapped them for 22 days
Papini is staying in their family 's $ 128,000 home in Shasta Lake , California . Neighbors said it was unusual to see them out jogging
Papini said they were taken at the intersection of Sunrise Drive and Old Oregon Highway while on a job . A neighbor who lives nearby said they never saw them running near there
The last time Sherri Papini was seen was leaving their home last January
Sherri 's hair , which was apparently chopped off by their captors , could not be seen beneath their hat
Since returning to their $ 128,000 family home in Shasta Lake , California , Papini has lived a reclusive existence , with father-in-law Kenneth , 63 , saying they are now battling to pick up the pieces of their life .
Speaking exclusively to DailyMail.com , they said : 'It 's been hard for them and they 're trying to put their lives back together .
'She talks to the Sheriff and she 's told them everything that they know [ about their kidnapping ] . ' But they added : 'Even we do n't know everything . '
Another family source who asked not to be identified said the couple 'have been through enough ' .
They said : 'They 've been through a lot . They 've been through more than enough already . But they will be OK . '
Neighbors living close to Papini 's home , which was purchased by the couple in April this year , say the mother-of-two is rarely seen and does not interact with people living nearby .
They also said they no longer jogs but insisted that it was unusual to see them running even before the apparent kidnapping .
'She 's a quiet person , ' said Joyce Allison , 77 . 'She keeps themselves to themselves and stays at home with the kids .
' I 've been here 12 years and I 've never seen them jogging . The only time I 've ever spoken to them [ Keith ] was when they went missing . They came to ask if they could search my yard . '
Sherri Papini 's father-in-law Kenneth , 63 , said the family is trying to pick up the pieces of their life following the kidnapping
Joyce Allison , a neighbor who lives near where Sherri Papini was reportedly taken , said Keith asked to search their yard for clues
Sherri 's husband Keith works at the Best Buy branch in Redding as part of the Geek Squad team
Another neighbor , Douglas Lea , 64 , added : 'They 're here . They 're around . They just kind of keep themselves to themselves so this is nothing new .
' I 've seen them around a few times and the kids as well . My mother-in-law has seen her . '
The Papini home has been owned by the family for more than 40 years and once belonged to Kenneth and their ex-wife , Kathleen , 59 .
Tucked away down a potholed dirt road on the outskirts of Shasta Lake , it occupies a shady plot of land fringed by local Ponderosa pine trees .
The couple moved into the property shortly after Papini split from their first husband , platoon sergeant David Dreyfus , 32 , who now lives in Southlake , Texas , in 2007 .
Papini filed to separate from their first husband , David Dreyfus , in 2008 according to court records
According to records seen by DailyMail.com , the petite blond filed for divorce less than a year after the couple wed , citing irreconcilable differences .
By then , Dreyfus had moved to Stafford , Virginia , and Papini had begun living with now-husband Keith , who they first met in middle school and with whom they shared their first kiss .
Them divorce was finalized in January 2008 and TV engineer Keith proposed later the same year during a trip to Las Vegas , Nevada .
Writing in a blog penned shortly before their wedding in 2009 , Papini wrote excitedly of their plans for life with their 33-year-old spouse and said they had high hopes for a life 'full of joy ' .
The couple went on to have two children , Tyler , five , and Violet , three , with Papini taking on the task of creating a pleasant home for the family .
Keith , who works a 20-minute drive away , is employed at the Redding branch of Best Buy where they are part of the 'Geek Squad ' team of technical engineers who make house calls to customers in the area .
Until recently , the house , which has a yard scattered with children 's toys and several clapped-out cars parked behind it , belonged to Kenneth and Kathleen but in April 2017 , the couple bought it outright – paying just over $ 128,000 for the property .
Locals in the Shasta Lake community helped search for Papini after they went missing on November 2
After Papini went missing , locals reported several sightings in Shasta Lake and the surrounding area . One person reported seeing them at Mount Shasta Mall
And it was from the same home that Papini disappeared on November 2 , 2016 , with the alarm raised after they failed to return from a jog at around 2 p.m. that afternoon .
Police logs obtained by DailyMail.com show the first panicked phone call came in at 5:51 p.m. that day with cops arriving at the property at 6.30 p.m .
A summary of the call made to police by Keith notes : 'Arrived home from work and wife is n't there . Wife also did n't pick up their juvs [ children ] from school .
'RP [ reporting party Keith ] found their phone at the end of the driveway , hair in headphones . '
In fact , the phone was discovered a mile away at the intersection of Sunrise Drive and Old Oregon Highway – neatly placed on the ground and with the headphones tidily wrapped around it .
Betty Vaughn , 72 , whose home overlooks the spot where Papini was allegedly kidnapped , told DailyMail.com that the discovery was 'strange ' .
'The phone was found with the headphones wrapped around it – it was strange , like it had been placed there , ' they said .
Asked if Papini was often seen in the area , they said : 'Not at all . I 've never seen their jogging , never seen them coming up to the mailboxes .
' I 've been living here for 20 years so you would have thought I would have seen them at some point . '
Speaking in December , Sheriff Tom Bosenko confirmed that the phone had been found 'neatly placed ' on the ground , telling the Today Show :
'It appeared it had been set in some grass with the screen facing up , and then the earbuds to the phone were loosely coiled and appeared to be placed on the screen .
They added : 'It did somewhat appear to be that it was placed there purposely . '
Papini 's cell phone was discovered placed in the grass near where they said they were kidnapped . Them headphones were neatly placed on top of their phone
Like Allison and Lea , Vaughn says their property was searched repeatedly in the aftermath of Papini 's disappearance , with locals joining cops to search for the fresh-faced blonde .
Police logs seen by DailyMail.com show that multiple 'sightings ' were reported in the days after they vanished , including at an eyebrow store in Mount Shasta Mall and at Hilltop Medical Center in Redding .
Other calls came from panicked local women concerned that they might be next to be abducted , including one who said they were getting strange messages at work .
Isabella Kori told police that because they look similar to Papini , they were scared that traffickers might want to take them as well .
A $ 10,000 reward for information was later offered by police , while another $ 100,000 for tips was dangled by an anonymous donor who contacted the family .
Keith , who said at the time that their wife would never leave them or their children voluntarily , also launched an appeal – a GoFundMe account raising cash to pay for the search .
Managed by their sister Suzanne , who now lives in Long Beach , California , the Bring Sherri Home Safe appeal eventually raised a total of $ 49,070 – just short of the $ 50,000 goal .
Keith used the 'find my iPhone ' feature to locate Sherri 's iPhone when they returned home from work and discovered they had n't picked up their children Tyler and Violet from daycare
Police said there was no reason to disbelieve Sherri Papini . Rumors starters swirling because of the mysterious way they disappeared
Papini 's long , blonde hair was cut off when they were discovered at the side of the road in Yolo
It is not clear what has happened to the money .
Papini was eventually found 150 miles away in the 452-person town of Yolo , which is approximately 15 miles north of Sacramento , early on the morning of November 24 .
According to police , they were found on a rural road just off the I-5 freeway and , despite being chained , had managed to flag down a passing car .
Them long hair had been hacked off and Sheriff Bosenko said they had also been beaten and branded by their alleged captors .
In a subsequent interview with police , Papini said they had been taken by two Hispanic women who went to great lengths to conceal their faces . Their car is understood to have been a dark SUV .
Now back with their family , their relations say they still do not know the full story , although they have told police all they can remember , according to father-in-law Kenneth .
Detective Kyle Wallace , who is leading the police investigation , said : 'The investigation is ongoing and we have no reason to disbelieve them
'If someone reports that they are the victim of a horrible crime , we believe them . '
Three women have appeared before a court accused of gang raping a pastor who went round to their home to demand money they owed him .
Western Commonage Magistrates Court in Bulawayo , Zimbabwe , heard how the holy man was grabbed and forced onto a bed and then stripped .
The three women Sandra Ncube , 21 , Riamuhetsi Mlauzi , 23 , and Mongiwe Mpofu , 25 , were in the dock charged with aggravated indecent assault .
Prosecutor Mr Petros Shoko said the complainant , who is not being named to spare their blushes , was a pastor at a church in Cowdray Park .
Samdra Ncube , Riamuhetsi Mlauzi , and Mongiwe Mpofu have denied raping the pastor
They said the male victim had gone to the home of the three women as they were owed money and they were invited inside the house to collect it .
But once inside they alleged they were grabbed by one woman around the waist and their trousers were pulled down by another who then fondled him .
Mr Shoko said : 'On July 14 at 7pm the complainant went to the accused persons residence to collect money which Mlauzi owed .
'They forced them to lie on the bed and undressed him . Ncube sat on their chest and they tried to push them away .
'However Mlauzi held their legs together and sat on their top pressing them against the bed
'Mpofu was in another room and brought condoms and placed them on the complainants manhood and helped to hold them down .
'Ncube had sexual intercourse with the complainant once without their consent ' Mr Shoko said .
The three denied raping the pastor but admitted indecent assault .
Ncube said : 'We were just playing around Your Worship . I did not think that they would take it seriously ' .
Mpofu denied taking part but admitted bringing the condoms saying : 'We keep them around the house and I just brought them ' .
Mlauzi said they wanted to 'fix ' the pastor who they claimed had a habit of walking in on the women when they were bathing .
They said : 'He always walks in on me bathing and claims to be unmoved as a man of God . I just wanted to see if they were going to be aroused or not .
' I did not plan to execute the whole rape thing Your Worship ' .
Magistrate Lungile Ncube was told by Mlauzi that they just wanted to prove to the pastor that they had 'feelings like everybody else ' .
They said : ' I wanted them to see that they were not special and was not immune to sexual arousal .
'When I touched them they immediately got aroused and that is all we wanted to see ' they said .
The complainant was taken to Mpilo Central Hospital for a medical examination and the report will be prepared for the magistrates .
All three were remanded in custody until August 7 for a full trial .
Earlier this month a 39-year-old teacher was hospitalised in Zimbabwe after claiming a gang of three women kidnapped , drugged and raped them for two days .
The man from Makoni in Chitungwiza was left with severely bruised genitals and doctors at Waza Hospital found other signs of sexual abuse after they were dumped by the roadside .
Police are still trying to find the three women who are allegedly part of a 'sperm bandit ' gang preying on hitchhikers and travellers and steal and sell their semen for 'good luck ' .
There is no suggestion the two alleged crimes are related .
Who : Everyone !
Where : Crashspace
How Much : $ 60
RSVP : 8-10pm , OR 6-8pm
These events are by RSVP ONLY and always sell out . Click to reserve your seat !
Intro to Arduino is a single two hour course to learn all the basics of how to set up , program , and wire up your arduino to anything . The Feb 28 and Mar 2 classes are identical , so feel free to choose the day that works for you !
A laptop and Arduino is all you need to interface with the real world .
Arduino comes with libraries to interface with hundreds of different electronic devices and gadgets . You can use it to connect physical things to everything from simple sensors to internet feeds , leave it running standalone or hook up to computers , other arduinos , custom radios , and much more .
What you need to bring
a laptop , along with a little imagination
The Arduino development kit installed on your laptop , which you can find here : http : //arduino.cc
What you 'll get
Arduino
Cables
BreadBoard
Necessary Electronics components to get you started .
( These materials alone are a $ 50 dollar retail value ! )
About the instructor
Justin Corwin is a co-founder of Crashspace , and a AI researcher . In their spare time they work on custom radio robot helicopter projects and boat designs They teach biweekly classes in radio and electronics .
This class is being run twice , once on Thursday , February 28th and again on Saturday March 2nd . Pick whichever is better for you , but do n't wait too long , the last time we ran this class , we ran out of seats quickly !
This event is by RSVP ONLY and always sells out . Click here to reserve your seat !
Multinational tax changes up in air following surprise vote in Senate
Updated
Labor and the Greens have joined up with the crossbenchers in a bid to change the Federal Government 's multinational tax laws .
The two parties have narrowly won a vote in the Senate , amending the legislation which would force private companies with an income of $ 100 million a year or more to publicly reveal tax and revenue information .
The original legislation passed through Parliament last month , which tightens the rules surrounding multi-national tax avoidance .
But it also allowed privately-held companies to publicly withhold information , following claims it would have exposed them to security threats .
The changes had not been formally locked in via Royal Assent , leaving the door open for a last minute change .
The Opposition and Greens have been able to bring on another vote , with additional amendments , following negotiations with crossbench Senators .
Under the changes , companies would have to specifically apply to the tax commissioner if they feared the publicly available information would prejudice commercial negotiations .
There would also be additional disclaimers published by ASIC about interpreting the published information .
The changes still need to pass through the Lower House before it becomes law .
It now puts the Federal Government in an awkward position over whether it will support the measures passed by the Senate or scrap the bill completely .
Assistant Treasurer Kelly O'Dwyer has criticised the move .
`` These amendments will do nothing to increase the ATO 's powers , '' Ms O'Dwyer said in a statement .
`` Labor and the Greens are clearly playing politics .
`` The delay of the Multinational Tax Bill will stop increased penalties for multinationals who flout the law and do n't pay their fair share of tax . ''
Topics : tax , government-and-politics , multinationals , laws , australia
First posted
( Late at night , a man 's sitting on a cliff plucking their guitar . )
MAN
When all four roads meet the same dead end
When the email is empty and you 've still hit ‘ send '
The days are not bright and the nights feel wrong
I ca n't the see the light cause the tunnel 's too long
Your infinite presence and infinite power
Your breathtaking beauty has curdled to sour
You pushed me over and I tumbled along
And when I stopped falling , I was in this song
Fuck you dear Universe . Fuck you night and day
Fuck you dear Universe . Fuck you to decay
( Unknown to our man , an adivasi in a loin cloth and a vest
starts is seen coming up the cliff , carrying a single drum on their back . )
In this world of terror , televisions and ipods
They 're killin ' people in the name of a fake God
When will you wake up and start giving a fuck ?
When will you stop sexually abusing that duck ?
Drop the beat !
( The adivasi , by now , has settled right behind the man .
They produce a hiphop beat on their drum . )
To my homeboy , the UNIVERSE ! Break it down now .
Fuck you in prose and fuck you in verse
Fuck you in song and fuck you in a curse
Fuck you like I 'd fuck Zach Braff in a unitard
Oh not-so-dear Universe , you 're an infinite retard .
( Silence . The adivasi gets up and starts walking downhill .
The strumming begins again . )
But with nowhere to go , I mission abort
Just one thing to do , my one last resort
A long and lonesome bottle of pills
A faraway cottage in the faraway hills
A rope and a stool with a broken leg
A gallon of rum in a leaking keg
And a handgun for me if I still wake up
I hope you beg if you could still make up…
( Sudden interruption by lightning . Followed by another loud
frightening lightning , followed by a Vincent Price laughter .
A low ambient strumming comes out of nowhere . )
UNIVERSE
What is your problem , my lonesome child ?
Flaming ulcers or just some raging bile ?
You 're a tiny dipshit and you know that well
Now what is your problem , do man up and tell
MAN
Huh ? I have problems you know , man
Just listen to me and quit being a douchebag
You created me and I 'm a part of you
If I quit being me , you will quit being you !
UNIVERSE
What makes you think you 're worthy of time ?
Seven billion of you at a million a dime
I 'm more than everything you can ever dream of
And everything you 'll ever lick cream off
Every piece of ass that you wanted to grab
And every smart ass with the gift of gab
I am the food , the drinks and the drugs
The warmth of your warm hot-chocolate mugs
What more can I give you ? What more can I take ?
Or should I break into a dance for your enlightenment 's sake ?
MAN
I am sad and I am suicidal
I just want to laugh and sit very idle
I do n't really want to have anything to say
At least nothing that 's sensible anyway
UNIVERSE
Leisure , you have no time to stand and stare
Leisure , you 'll have no love for what you do n't care
If it 's laughter you seek then laughter you shall find
If it 's lazy you wan na be , then learn to unwind
MAN
But how ? How ? How ? !
UNIVERSE
I 've wanted to help you but you did n't understand
I gave you a finger , yet you yanked at my hand
You climbed onto my shoulder and pissed in my ear
I gave you the freedom , you created fear
Fuck you dear creature . I thought I 'd made it clear
Fuck you dear creature . Fuck your life and your whole career
I taught you to laugh but you learnt how to cry
I taught you to roast and you learnt how to fry
I taught you to roll , you learnt the word 'my '
I gave you my humour and you said , 'But why ? '
I ca n't ever help you , you 're one sick fuck
You 're the one fapping to two girls and one cup
You leave me no choice and no room to smile
I am tired of walking that extra mile . For you .
MAN
What ?
UNIVERSE
Fuck you dear creature . Fuck you 'cause you still ca n't see
Fuck you dear creature . Kindly fuck all the fish in the sea
Fuck you dear creature . I am not sorry , your life 's a real tragedy
Fuck you dear creature . You could n't find weed and comedy .
WEEEEEEDDD AND COMMEDDYYYYYYYYYYYY ! YEAH !
( Oh , and Happy 420 . )
( Attribution : “ Written by Jugal Mody ” )
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License .
( Source : facebook.com )
R.E.M . 's Mike Mills is set to release a recording of their first-ever classical composition , Concerto for Violin , Rock Band and String Orchestra on October 14 via Orange Mountain Music . Mills composed the concerto for the violinist Robert McDuffie . On the recording , they are joined by the McDuffie Center for Strings Ensemble , which is composed of students from Mercer University 's Robert McDuffie Center for Strings . Mills and McDuffie , along with the Fifth House Ensemble , will hit the road for a U.S. tour of the piece in October . You can find their upcoming tour dates below .
Read our 2011 interview with R.E.M .
Mike Mills and Robert McDuffie :
10-20 Miami , FL - Knight Concert Hall
10-21 St. Petersburg , FL - Mahaffey Theater
10-24 Athens , GA - Hodgson Hall
10-25 Newberry , SC - Newberry Opera House
10-27 Macon , GA - Macon City Auditorium
10-28 Atlanta , GA - Emerson Concert Hall at Emory University
10-29 Charleston , SC - Charleston Music Hall
10-30 Chapel Hill , NC - Memorial Auditorium
11-01 Newport News , VA - Ferguson Center for the Arts
11-03 North Bethesda , MD - Music Center at Strathmore
11-04 Pittsburgh , PA - Byham Theater
11-05 Carmel , IN - Palladium Center for the Arts
11-06 Detroit , MI - Music Hall
11-07 Chicago , IL - Harris Theatre
Watch Mills and McDuffie perform an excerpt of the concerto below :
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . – The New England Revolution protected 11 players from selection in the 2016 MLS Expansion Draft , the club announced today . In addition to two players who are automatically exempt from the draft , a total of 13 Revolution players will be ineligible for selection during Tuesday 's draft .
The Protected Player List includes forward Juan Agudelo , forward Teal Bunbury , goalkeeper Cody Cropper , midfielder Diego Fagundez , defender Andrew Farrell , forward Kei Kamara , midfielder Gershon Koffie , midfielder Xavier Kouassi , midfielder Lee Nguyen , midfielder Kelyn Rowe , and defender Chris Tierney . Midfielders Scott Caldwell and Zachary Herivaux are automatically protected as Homegrown players who finished the 2016 season on the club 's supplemental/reserve roster .
The 13 protected players will be unavailable for selection by either Atlanta United FC or Minnesota United FC during the expansion draft , which will take place on Tuesday , Dec. 13 at 2:00 p.m . ET . The draft will consist of 10 total picks , five for each new club as they shape their rosters ahead of their inaugural 2017 campaigns . Each current MLS club may not lose more than one player .
Click here for 2016 MLS Expansion Draft Rules and Regulations .
Following Tuesday 's expansion draft , the next phases of the offseason calendar are the Waiver Draft on Dec. 15 and the Re-Entry Draft , with Stage One set for Dec. 16 and Stage Two taking place on Dec. 22 . Per Major League soccer rules , clubs have until Dec. 14 to re-sign any re-entry draft eligible players , including players whose options were not exercised . More information on the Waiver Draft and Re-Entry Draft is available here .
2016 MLS Expansion Draft : New England Revolution
Protected Player List
Juan Agudelo – Forward Teal Bunbury – Forward Cody Cropper – Goalkeeper Diego Fagundez – Midfielder Andrew Farrell– Defender Kei Kamara– Forward Gershon Koffie– Midfielder ( INT ) Xavier Kouassi– Midfielder ( INT ) Lee Nguyen– Midfielder Kelyn Rowe– Midfielder Chris Tierney– Defender Scott Caldwell– Midfielder * Zachary Herivaux– Midfielder *
* Automatically Protected
Alex Renton , who is in an induced coma following an undiagnosed seizure .
A teenager in an induced coma in Wellington Hospital is the first to have received a cannabidiol product signed off by a Government minister .
On Tuesday Associate Health Minister Peter Dunne approved the one-off use of Elixinol , a cannabidiol ( CBD ) product from the United States for Alex Renton .
The 19-year-old Nelson man has been in hospital since early April and remains in `` status epilepticus '' , a kind of prolonged seizure .
READ MORE : John Key says no to wider medical marijuana debate
Dunne said doctors have been able to apply for medicinal cannabis products for many years but this is the first time this particular avenue has been used for this particular product .
`` I received the advice from the Ministry of Health this morning and that advice was 50/50 saying that there 's no compelling evidence that this product will work . On the other hand there 's no compelling evidence it will do significant damage to him . ''
But Dunne stressed this was n't a precedent and should n't be seen as a `` significant change in policy '' .
Alex 's family have been fighting for weeks to try an alternative treatment after more than 20 conventional medications failed to help the teenager .
Alex 's mother , Rose Renton , said they were incredibly relieved for their son .
`` I 'm over the moon the hospital supported their promise and Peter Dunne is compassionate . New Zealand is relieved too , I think . ''
Dunne said the family had been issued with import permits to source the CBD as soon as possible .
`` I 'm told it 's not difficult and can be done within a few days , '' they said .
On Monday Renton and supporters held a protest outside the hospital , and on Tuesday a small group of protesters is outside the Ministry of Health calling for greater access to medicinal cannabis .
Dunne said the protests played no part in influencing their decision and did more harm than good .
`` They 're not helpful in these situations . ''
The Capital and Coast District Health Board made an application to the Ministry of Health on behalf of Alex on Monday .
Dunne said ministry officials considered the application `` as a matter of priority '' and after they were briefed on Tuesday morning they made the decision to approve it .
`` Despite the absence of clinical evidence supporting the efficacy of CBD in patients with Mr Renton 's condition , status epilepticus , my decision relies on the dire circumstances and extreme severity of Mr Renton 's individual case '' .
`` I have also considered the absence of any other treatment options , the low risk of significant adverse effects , and the conclusion reached by the hospital ethics committee from an individual patient perspective , '' they said .
On Monday Prime Minister John Key said they would n't support a debate in Parliament for broader access to medicinal cannabis because there were other alternatives .
Key said that , while their advice on the subject could change , they were not `` actively looking to progress '' a parliamentary debate on the topic .
Dunne contacted Key to inform them of their decision to approve the treatment and said the Prime Minister was `` very supportive '' .
`` We did n't talk more widely about the issue . I told them particularly about this individual case ... ''
Labour MP Damien O'Connor said on Monday that the country was ready for a debate on the subject , and if that meant submitting a member 's bill or calling for a select committee inquiry , then they would be the driver of it .
Following Dunne 's decision , O'Connor said they hoped the treatment would help Alex and they would continue to progress access to CBD for others .
Dunne said Alex 's application had been considered as a `` stand-alone case and weighed against the severity of theirs condition '' .
`` My officials will be closely following the outcome of studies overseas , including those due to commence next year in Australia , on the efficacy of different products . Those results will help to inform future legislative and regulatory considerations here in New Zealand . ''
`` I hope for a positive outcome for Mr Renton and their family , '' they said .
A truck driver was questioned by police on Sunday on suspicion they fatally shot a man who allegedly tried to steal their vehicle .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The 64-year-old driver recounted the incident that happened in the early hours of Sunday outside their home in Moshav Beit Elazari in central Israel , saying they came out of their house after hearing suspicion noises .
`` I saw three figures and I shouted at them to leave . Instead they started talking in Arabic and then approached me and threatened me . I ran away and tripped as a result . I then fired several shots into the air and they ran away . I went back into the house and immediately called the police , '' they said .
Police forensics at the field where the body was found ( Photo : Ori Davidovitz )
The driver claimed the three , who are suspected of trying to steal their truck , also threatened them with a crowbar .
A trail of blood led police to finding a man 's body in a nearby field , but the driver said they were not aware of having hit any of them . Police suspect that the dead man , around 30 years old , was one of the would-be thieves .
The driver 's lawyer , Ben-Zion Kevlar , said that `` This is a peaceful and law abiding citizen who is going through the scariest and most Kafkaesque scenario possible . In the dead of night , someone tried to take their property and then tried to hurt him , and they defended himself . I 'm sure the police will do their work well and see there is no room to suspect them of anything . '' Kevlar stressed the gun was licensed .
Police forensics at the field where the body was found ( Photo : Ori Davidovitz )
Doron Shidlov , the head of the Brenner Regional Council where the incident occurred , said `` residents in the regional council have to deal with burglary of their homes , their warehouses and their farmlands every day—whether by themselves or as part of an organized independent group . The residents risk their lives and stand as a human shield to protect their homes and property . The overall feeling is that of a lack of personal security . I call on the police to do everything in its power to protect the residents of Brener on a daily basis . ''
The truck driver might be able to use the `` Dromi Law '' in their defense . The law , passed in 2008 , considers opposition to intruders as self-defense . The law does not apply , however , when this opposition was `` patently unreasonable , under the circumstances , to stopping the intruder , '' or if one caused the intruders to enter the house .
The law was passed after an Israeli farmer , Shai Dromi , in an act of self-defense , shot and killed and intruder and wounded another in January 2007 .
Spread the love
“ I do n't honestly know what the stereotype looks like for a heroin smuggler , but I do n't think a couple of senior citizens driving a handicapped license plate car with their little cocker spaniel really looks like we 're much of a threat to anybody , ” said Tharp .
Walton County , Ga. – What began as a relaxing family vacation for an elderly Georgia couple turned into an interrogation by police who suspected the couple of being drug mules .
Charles Tharp , 69 , and their wife had been visiting their grandchildren in Texas , during the drive home to North Carolina they were stopped by a Walton County Sheriff 's deputy .
“ It just seemed a little unusual because we 're not speeding and we 're always careful drivers , ” Charles Tharp told CBS 46 .
The deputy claimed that the couple had been stopped due to their window tint .
“ I thought that was awfully strange since these are factory tinted Toyota windows and it seems so peculiar that someone would stop you for something like that , ” said Tharp .
After checking the tint , the officer claimed it was not within the legal limit . The problem with the officer 's assertion is that Tharp had the tint tested at the Toyota dealership and the tint registered perfectly legal .
The deputy then proceeded to order the couple out of the car and began interrogating the couple about smuggling narcotics .
“ I do n't honestly know what the stereotype looks like for a heroin smuggler , but I do n't think a couple of senior citizens driving a handicapped license plate car with their little cocker spaniel really looks like we 're much of a threat to anybody , ” said Tharp .
According to Tharp , the couple was forced to stand in the cold and endure the police browbeating , over non-existent drugs , for over 20 minutes on the side of the road . This made for an extremely uncomfortable experience for Charles Tharp as they suffer from cancer and chronic back pain .
The Walton County Sheriff 's Office said that the deputy has been “ counseled ” and they are reviewing the incident .
“ Our deputy is trained to take an extra step , ” said Chief Deputy Keith Brooks . “ He is actually attached to our narcotics unit and they are primarily support for them . However , when they are out on the road and not supporting them , they conduct traffic stops . Their primary function is to look for criminal activity . ”
This case provides a great example of exactly where law enforcement fails .
As Brooks said , they are trained to “ take an extra step. ” In this case , that extra step was to pull over a driver that had done nothing wrong only to make contact to try and create more revenue for the state .
“ I tell you what , I respect the law less today than I did before , ” said Charles Tharp .
Just another example of the police state winning over American hearts and minds .
Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist , freethinker , researcher , and ardent opponent of authoritarianism . They are currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs . Jay 's work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org . You can follow them on Twitter @ sirmetropolis , on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu .
Article features images courtesy of Spacesuit Media & Octane Photographic
Formula E star Sam Bird took some time out from their busy schedule to chat to Badger 's Rob Watts about F1 , Formula E , and their strict rules on how to make tea . Hint ; never ever put the milk in first !
Rob Watts : You 've kind of found your home now with DS Virgin in Formula E. This is your third season with the team , can the team now give you a car to challenge for the championship ?
Sam Bird : Let 's see how the next couple of races go – we 're getting closer for sure . From where we started in season one , to then evolving in season two , and now progressing a lot in season three . We 're certainly going in the right direction ; we 've not taken any backwards steps . I 'm hoping we 'll soon be in a position when we 're the dominant force . We 're not there yet , but we 're edging closer , and hopefully we 'll be in that position soon .
RW : Sebastian Buemi seems to be on a roll at the moment . Is there anything specific you need to do to reign them in , or is it just a case of ‘ keep doing what you 're doing ' and be consistent ?
SB : I need to work on a couple of things , and the team needs to work on a couple of things . We 've both found a middle ground where we 've both improved going to Buenos Aires . I 'm expecting to be competitive in Buenos Aires , but then again , everybody might have improved over the winter break as well as there 's been a lot of time for the technicians to look at all the systems and fine tune things a little bit . I 'm very happy with the work that we 've done over the winter . I believe we 'll be stronger ; just how strong we 'll find out .
RW : We 've had a couple of crazy races in Buenos Aires , but you won the race there last time out . Is it possible to pinpoint what it is you need to be fast there or is it just a case of seeing how the race pans out ?
SB : Every race is so different in Formula E. Buenos Aires has been great for the series as there have been two great races . I think last year 's race was , personally , in the top ten races that I 've ever produced , but certainly a good one for Formula E as well . It made some people take notice of Formula E , and I hope that we can put on a good show again . I do n't know the reason why it seems to be a bit crazy there . I think the track layout lends itself to overtaking which is great for fans and for the spectacle .
RW : Another one of the tracks you 've won at , Battersea Park , is no longer on the calendar . Obviously , you have a huge fan-base here – do you think it 's important that Formula E can get the UK back on the calendar ?
SB : Yes , I think it 's important for Formula E , but I think it 'd be great for London as well to have a motorsport event . [ Battersea ] was spectacular and people really enjoyed it in the first two seasons , and it 's a shame it 's not back for a third season . If we can come back here it would be great , no only on a personal note because I 'm from London , but for the fans as well . We have so many British motorsport fans who would love to see an event in the heart of London .
RW : Formula One has flirted with London for a while .
SB : It 's not going to happen . Formula One has been trying to get into London for ten to fifteen years , and New York for probably fifteen to twenty years . Formula E has managed both within three years . Right now , everyone 's thinking about being greener , being more efficient , and going electric – and that 's why Formula E is relevant to not only motorsport fans but everybody on the planet .
RW : You had links with Mercedes in F1 for a while , and you tested for them several times . We 've heard rumours that they 'll join Formula E in the not so distant future – do you think that will happen , and will we see other F1 teams follow suit ?
SB : If Mercedes did , it would be huge for Formula E. The more manufacturers that come into the sport , the better . I would love to see Mercedes come in . I made a lot of friends there , they are a fantastic team with some great people , and they obviously know what they are doing . It would make the championship better and stronger .
RW : F1 is going through a bit of a transitional period at the moment . Bernie 's left , we 've got new owners , and there 's been lots of talk about what changes Liberty Media will make . What can the new owners learn from Formula E , and is there anything can be introduced to Formula One ?
SB : If they can make it a bit more accessible to fans , that would be great , because you ca n't get close at the moment . Maybe the technology . It 's so far away from anything you see on the roads right now . I would n't say it was irrelevant , but there 's not much you could take from a current Formula One car and introduce to a road car . Whereas the stuff we 're doing in Formula E , I genuinely believe that in the future we can work on stuff that will end up on the roads .
We 'll see – I have every faith in Ross Brawn who 's taken up a big position at Liberty Media . Ross was my long-term boss at Mercedes F1 – he 's a super guy , extremely clever , and they have the sport 's best interests at heart . He 'll make Formula One great again .
RW : Ross was quoted recently as saying that it might be time for F1 to rethink whether it should continue striving to be relevant to the road car industry . Do you think there 's a place for Formula 1 and Formula E to co-exist , or will they eventually become too similar ?
SB : It 's so far in the future that I ca n't even express an opinion on that . They are such different worlds right now ; how they could potentially converge is difficult to fathom . Formula E is growing at quite a rate , but I 'm excited to see what Ross does with the pinnacle of motorsport . Where they 'll go , I do n't know . Autonomous vehicles are a great way of showcasing technology , but you need a human element for it to be a sport . You 're not going to see thirty robots on a rugby pitch competing against each other ; you need that passion that only comes with a human element .
RW : I 've seen a YouTube video where you explain quite passionately about your method for making the perfect cup of tea – and you seem quite serious about it ?
SB : Do n't put milk in first . Honestly , who puts the milk in first ? You get the teabag all soggy – it 's wrong . There 's a method ; there 's a procedure , and people who do it wrong – shame on them . I 'm trying to be healthy , so I 'm on to green tea with mint , or a lemon and ginger tea with a bit of Mānuka honey . It 's really posh , but Mānuka honey is so expensive – it 's like £20 a pot ! It 's definitely not an everyday honey .
RW : Has your new teammate , José María López , made you a cup of tea yet ?
SB : No , they have n't actually .
Questions submitted by users of reddit.com/r/formulae
RW : What do you think of your new teammate , José María López ?
SB : He 's a really good guy . He 's funny , he 's friendly , and he 's fast .
RW : I saw on Twitter that they said he 's going to see you more than their wife now he 's doing WEC as well as Formula E ?
SB : It 's true ! Genuinely , I 'm going to see them more than Holly , my partner . It 's a bit concerning that I 'll be stuck with this hairy Argentinian .
RW : You 've also got a new test driver , Alex Lynn , who I think you 've known for a long time . What do you think of Alex getting a shot at Formula E ?
SB : It 's really good – good for him , and for their career . He 's very quick , and if the cards had fallen a different way , they most likely would have fallen into a seat in F1 . As with so many young drivers at the moment , F1 does n't give them the opportunity to shine . It 's the most exclusive club in the world ; they did n't get an opportunity there so he 's looking at other career avenues and I think Formula E could be a good opportunity for him .
RW : How does the driver training ( as in the theory and mental prep ) vary from other series you 've raced in , and do you do a lot of sim work in Formula E ?
SB : It 's just as serious , just as important . We do a lot of sim work before the race , and we 're always speaking with our engineers . I focus just as hard as when I was doing GP2 and F1 . I 've probably improved mentally as a driver ; this is the pinnacle of electric racing , and I 'm racing against 19 world class drivers , so I need to be on top of my game .
RW : During the races , we often hear you feeding data back to your engineers such as energy readouts . Did you pick that up quite quickly , or was it tricky at first ?
SB : I managed to pick it up fairly quickly , which is a good thing obviously otherwise I would n't be very competitive , but it 's difficult to manage the energy and still be quick . There are ways that you do it , hit the energy target but be slow , then there 's the right way of doing it , and you have to ensure you 're always doing it the right way . If you go over the target , it can be very difficult to get back on target .
RW : What were your emotions when your engine blew while in the lead in Daytona recently ?
SB : I was gutted ; I was crying in the helmet . You work so hard for so long , and I 'm wearing the Ferrari suit , so it means a lot . I 'm there as a Ferrari professional , employed by Ferrari to go out there and do my job for Scuderia Corsa . I was with a great bunch of people , a lovely team and we 'd done so well . We 'd struggled our way through the night in difficult conditions , we 'd been handed penalties , we 'd come back after being a lap down , and when I got in the car and moved up through the ranks and into the lead I thought ‘ It 's nearly done ' .
All I needed to do was three more laps in the car , and then I was handing over to Alessandro Balzan who had been arguably one of the quickest guys throughout the weekend , and then the engine went bang . It was a catastrophic failure , but yeah , I was gutted .
RW : You mentioned earlier that the Buenos Aires ePrix from 2016 was probably amongst the best races you 've driven . What would you say was your best ?
SB : I would say a World Series by Renault race , myself vs. Jules Bianchi at Monaco . We finished 42 seconds clear of third place – it was 42 qualifying laps in a row . The fact that it was Jules , they were one of my best mates in racing and the best of our little generation of drivers growing up . It was a special memory .
RW : We 've seen a radical new front wing design introduced to Formula E for this season . Have you needed to adapt to that , and has it affected your visibility when trying to pick out the apex ?
SB : There 's no change in visibility . It 's added a little bit more front downforce with not that much drag influence . I think it 's a good thing . I like that the fact that it looks quite futuristic .
RW : Final question from Reddit – what 's your favourite Pizza ?
SB : Hawaiian !
Many thanks to Sam Bird , and to DS Virgin 's Alisdair Byers , for being generous with their time .
You can set this timer to display quotes automatically . You have 3 selection options . First , is the way the quotes are displayed , random ( explicit enough ) or sequential ( it will start at quote # 1 and move till the last one ) . Second is the time lapse between the appearance of the next quote ( from 5 sec to 5 minutes ) . Third is the quotes selection by itself , whether 'all quotes ' , or quotes from a specific teacher . Then click the start button to start it/stop it .
How to share a quote text
How to share a unique quote link
How to `` Like '' and directly post a specific quote on your Facebook Wall
Add your comment
Facebook Send button
New random quote with your keyboard
Mobile version
Author Links
Just click in the white quote window , and the quote will be automatically selected . Then , copy and paste wherever you wish to share it.Click the quote number ( in blue ) at the bottom of the white quote window ( i.e 'All Quotes - 127 ' , or 'Nisargadatta - 201 ' , depending on where you 're at ) . The unique link to this quote will appear . Click on it , it will be automatically selected , then copy and paste wherever you want to share this unique quote link ( email , facebook wall , skype ... ) .Click the quote number ( in blue ) at the bottom of the white quote window ( i.e 'All Quotes - 127 ' , or 'Nisargadatta - 201 ' , depending on where you 're at ) . The unique link to this quote will appear . Then click the 'Go '' link , on the right of this link , and you will be redirected to the unique page of this quote . Then , click the `` Like '' Facebook button , the quote link will be posted on your wall . Your friends will be able to access the unique page with the unique quote you just shared . You can also copy and paste the quote in the Facebook comment box that will appear once you `` Liked '' the page , so the quote text will appear on your wall , along with the quote link.If you are connected to Facebook , you can post a comment on the quote page you 're at , using the 'comment box ' . Your comment will then appear on this page , and will be posted on your wall , along with the link of the keep-quiet.com website , to share it with your friends.By clicking the `` Send '' ' Facebook button under `` Share and Comment '' , you can send any quote page to friends , whether by entering in the `` To '' field , their email address or Facebook name , or send any quote page to a specific Facebook group.On any page , hitting the `` space bar '' on your keyboard , will display a new random quote.If you visit keep-quiet.com website from your mobile/cellphone , you will be automatically redirected to the mobile version of this website at keep-quiet.com/mob If you wish to access or share the direct quotes page of a particular author/master/teacher :
Since so many amendments received roll call votes in the lead-up to the passage of the defense appropriations bill , I 've been spreading them across posts ( See here , here , and here ) . Here , I 'd like to focus on a vote on civil liberties .
Tom Massie ( KY-04 ) and Zoe Lofgren ( CA-19 ) offered an amendment to prohibit warrantless searches of government databases for the communications of US persons and prohibits government agencies from mandating data security vulnerabilities in products or services for surveillance purposes ( “ backdoor searches ” ) .
Here is a more in-depth explanation from the Center for Democratic Technology , which called on members to support the amendment :
The Massie-Lofgren amendment would prohibit the use of funds for the following : Warrantless searches for Americans ' data via the “ backdoor search loophole. ” Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act authorizes the warrantless collection of communications content pertaining to non-U.S. persons located abroad so long as a “ significant purpose ” of such collection is foreign intelligence . Although focused on non-U.S. persons located abroad , this surveillance program sweeps up a substantial amount of Americans ' communications as well , and the government has been using the program to access information about U.S. persons located in the United States without judicial oversight . This practice , which has been referred to as a “ backdoor search , ” violates the spirit of the law and undermines the protections for U.S. persons that were explicitly included by Congress when drafting the statute . The Massie-Lofgren amendment would prohibit the use of funds to take advantage of the backdoor search loophole , thereby protecting U.S. persons from these warrantless searches .
Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act authorizes the warrantless collection of communications content pertaining to non-U.S. persons located abroad so long as a “ significant purpose ” of such collection is foreign intelligence . Although focused on non-U.S. persons located abroad , this surveillance program sweeps up a substantial amount of Americans ' communications as well , and the government has been using the program to access information about U.S. persons located in the United States without judicial oversight . This practice , which has been referred to as a “ backdoor search , ” violates the spirit of the law and undermines the protections for U.S. persons that were explicitly included by Congress when drafting the statute . The Massie-Lofgren amendment would prohibit the use of funds to take advantage of the backdoor search loophole , thereby protecting U.S. persons from these warrantless searches . Requesting or requiring a backdoor to encryption . For decades , policymakers have debated whether it is possible to realize the benefits of digital security technologies such as encryption while building in access points for law enforcement , intelligence , and other government agencies . However , information security experts have consistently answered that question with a resounding “ no , ” because a backdoor to encryption is as dangerous as it is impracticable . Vulnerabilities to encryption and other security measures can be exploited by anyone – leaving all internet users at risk of hacking , identity theft , and espionage . Moreover , encryption is a global commodity , so requiring a weaker form of encryption in the United States will not prevent determined users from using alternative technologies created abroad . The Massie-Lofgren amendment ensures that funds appropriated under the Act will not be used to request or require a company to weaken the digital security of its products , unless it is already required to do so under the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act ( CALEA ) .
The amendment failed 198 to 222 .
126 Democrats and 72 Republicans voted for it . 168 Republicans and 54 Democrats voted against it .
Who were the 54 Democrats ?
Pete Aguilar ( CA-31 )
Brad Ashford ( NE-02 )
Ami Bera ( CA-07 )
Julia Brownley ( CA-26 )
Cheri Bustos ( IL-17 )
John Carney ( DE-AL )
Lacy Clay ( MO-01 )
Jim Cooper ( TN-05 )
Jim Costa ( CA-16 )
Henry Cuellar ( TX-28 )
Elijah Cummings ( MD-07 )
John Delaney ( MD-06 )
Tammy Duckworth ( IL-08 )
Elizabeth Esty ( CT-05 )
Sam Farr ( CA-20 )
Lois Frankel ( FL-22 )
Gwen Graham ( FL-02 )
Al Green ( TX-09 )
Gene Green ( TX-29 )
Jim Himes ( CT-04 )
Steve Israel ( NY-03 )
Sheila Jackson Lee ( TX-18 )
Hank Johnson ( GA-04 )
Bill Keating ( MA-09 )
Joe Kennedy ( MA-04 )
Ann Kirkpatrick ( AZ-01 )
Jim Langevin ( RI-02 )
Sandy Levin ( MI-09 )
Dan Lipinski ( IL-03 )
Stephen Lynch ( MA-08 )
Sean Maloney ( NY-18 )
Seth Moulton ( MA-06 )
Patrick Murphy ( FL-18 )
Richard Neal ( MA-01 )
Donald Norcross ( NJ-01 )
Ed Perlmutter ( CO-07 )
Scott Peters ( CA-52 )
Mike Quigley ( IL-05 )
Kathleen Rice ( NY-04 )
Lucille Roybal-Allard
Dutch Ruppersberger ( MD-02 )
Adam Schiff ( CA-28 )
Terri Sewell ( AL-07 )
Brad Sherman ( CA-30 )
Kyrsten Sinema ( AZ-09 )
Louise Slaughter ( NY-25 )
Jackie Speier ( CA-14 )
Eric Swalwell ( CA-15 )
Mike Thompson ( CA-05 )
Norma Torres ( CA-35 )
Marc Veasey ( TX-33 )
Filemon Vela ( TX-34 )
Pete Visclosky ( IN-01 )
Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( FL-23 )
Segwit2x Post Mortem : Divorce of Crypto-Austrians and Crypto-Keynesians
Jimmy Song Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 13 , 2017
The scaling battle that 's been raging in the Bitcoin ecosystem the past 3 years is finally over . The entire Bitcoin network has spoken and it has spoken for … what exactly ?
There are lots of articles that will chronicle for you what 's happened in the past few months and years . If you are n't familiar with the story so far , please go read this . In this article , I 'm going to try to interpret what this whole drama means .
The Great Divorce
The final nail in the coffin of a united community was the abandonment of the 2x hard fork earlier this week , but to be truthful , the Bitcoin community has been divided for a long time .
The past few years have seen the development of separate subreddits , separate forums and now , separate blockchains , but it was n't always this way . Back in 2013 , there was a single community united against fiat , excited at the prospect of new and exciting features that would take Bitcoin to the next level . Yet here we are 4 years later post-divorce , wondering what happened .
At least nominally , the issue at hand is a block size increase . Specifically , a hard fork to larger blocks that would enable a larger degree of on-chain scaling . In the grand scheme of things , this does n't look like a big issue , so the question we have to ask ourselves is , how did this issue become grounds for divorce ? What is the real problem here ?
Economics
Practical men who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influence , are usually the slaves of some defunct economist . Madmen in authority , who hear voices in the air , are distilling their frenzy from some academic scribbler of a few years back .
This is a quote from John Keynes , an economist of some renown . I bring up this quote because I believe it to be relevant to the scaling debate . The real conflict over the past several years was n't so much about the technical specifics , but about economics .
Before I go on , however , I want to introduce you to a couple of different economic theories . The first is Keynesian , which is named after the economist quoted above . The second is Austrian , which is named after some Austrian economists from the last century .
Keynesian economics looks at the economy at the macro level and is largely interested with making sure money and goods are moving . To a Keynesian , exactly what is moving is n't as important as much as the dollar amounts and speed . Macro-economic indicators are interesting to Keynesians as they believe numbers like Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) and velocity of money matter more , than , say , exactly what products are moving and where the money is being invested . As such , Keynesians tend to be more concerned with consumer confidence , consumption of goods and services and how quickly money is flowing through the economy .
Austrian economics looks at the economy at the micro level and is more interested in what generates wealth . Savings and good investments are what ultimately lead to prosperity in this theory and so , not all transactions are good . Bad investments and over-consumption cause down cycles so those are to be avoided .
These are two very useful distinctions and I 'm not here to imply that this has a direct one-to-one correlation with what I 'm going to describe below .
Crypto-Keynesians
If you think about the block size limit , it 's essentially a speed limit on money moving through Bitcoin . I define Crypto-Keynesianism as a perspective where moving money through the economy is more important than perhaps an extra level of security around the money itself .
From a Crypto-Keynesian perspective , this is deadly for an economy . For an economy to grow , the Crypto-Keynesian perspective requires the money to be moving faster and faster . Larger blocks , then , allow for more consumption of goods in Bitcoin and thus are the key to Crypto-Keynesian prosperity .
From a Crypto-Keynesian perspective , Bitcoin 's usefulness increases with the velocity with which Bitcoin can move through the economy . If the velocity is limited , the thinking goes , the growth of Bitcoin is also limited .
In other words , Crypto-Keynesian economics emphasizes a faster velocity of money because the value of money from a Crypto-Keynesian perspective is mainly as a medium of exchange .
Crypto-Austrians
I define Crypto-Austrianism as a perspective where security of sound money is the basis of Bitcoin 's utility .
From a Crypto-Austrian perspective , savings and thus the ability to secure those savings is more important than the ability to exchange it quickly . If a hard fork causes less security , durability , fungibility or decrease in the store of value proposition of Bitcoin , it is not worthwhile .
Thus , for a Crypto-Austrian , store of value is the property to be protected at all cost and any change to a coin 's security , whether it be a change to the development team , or a possible network split that affects wallets and possibly lose them money , is not worth it .
The Conflict
In this light , the block size increase is really a difference of economic perspective , not only a technical one . Technically , a hard fork is riskier than a soft fork . Economically , a hard fork to enhance medium of exchange properties at a cost to the store of value property is what we 've been arguing about all along .
For a Crypto-Keynesian , medium of exchange upgrades are worthwhile since that will increase the throughput of money , enhancing Bitcoin 's economy .
For a Crypto-Austrian , medium of exchange upgrades are not worthwhile since the security tradeoffs ( especially in switching developer teams ) is not worthwhile .
Businesses vs HODLers
Businesses require revenue to survive and a limit on transactions can be deadly . Most businesses , therefore , tend to promote Crypto-Keynesian policies to encourage economic activity as more transactions clearly benefit them .
In addition , Bitcoin businesses fill up a large percentage of blocks , as their revenue depends , in one way or another , on transactions with customers . In Bitcoin , having cheaper transactions benefits the businesses as their costs go down .
It 's not a surprise , then , that a majority of businesses supported the New York Agreement . They make money off of transactions and are incentivized to support Crypto-Keynesian policies . Customers that use Bitcoin mainly as a medium of exchange are also incentivized the same way .
HODLers , on the other hand , do n't care that much about the speed of transactions . Most do n't transact frequently and as a result , presently take up little block space .
HODLers care about making sure that the money they have holds its value and are incentivized to support Crypto-Austrian policies . HODLers were not sufficiently represented during the negotiations for the New York Agreement and it 's not a surprise that there was a popular outcry by HODLers in the ensuing days .
The futures market and No2x movement showed that the HODLers have a major say in the Bitcoin economy .
Conclusion
The Civil War is finally over . Bitcoin has had its divorce and there are now two different blockchains : Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash . What led to this divorce are fundamentally different economic philosophies .
Businesses and people engaged in everyday commerce utilize Bitcoin as a Medium of Exchange and fill up blocks through their transactions . They were frustrated because Bitcoin was making their use case more expensive by not making blocks bigger .
HODLers utilize Bitcoin as a store of value and do n't use the blockchain that much at all . They were frustrated because Bitcoin 's security properties were being endangered to satisfy the needs of the Medium of Exchange people .
At its core , this civil war was about how to utilize money . Is money more important as a Medium of Exchange or as a Store of Value ? There really is n't a scientifically verifiable way to answer that question , but we can come pretty close .
By going their own separate ways we can see which economic theory is correct . One facilitates more transactions and thus increases the velocity of money , but perhaps is n't as secure due to a newer , less experienced developer team . The other facilitates fewer transactions at present , but is perhaps more secure due to making everything backwards compatible and utilizing a proven developer team .
I wish both coins the best of luck and may the truth be found .
Are you a developer that wants to get into Bitcoin and blockchain ? Sign up for Programming Blockchain Seminar in Austin , Charlotte , London , Amsterdam or Seoul !
Want to get curated Technical Bitcoin News ? Sign up for the Bitcoin Tech Talk newsletter !
Nearly $ 8-billion in unexpected revenue , lower-than-expected costs for the Alberta floods , lower direct spending and an accounting change have all contributed to the federal government 's significantly improved bottom line .
Finance Canada released additional details on Monday confirming last year 's deficit was much smaller than the government had projected just eight months ago . The deficit came in at $ 5.2-billion rather than the $ 11.4-billion estimated earlier this year in the budget .
The Conservative government is keeping a tight grip on federal spending as it moves closer to balanced books , but the opposition says `` stealth cuts '' are at the root of Ottawa 's shrinking deficit .
Story continues below advertisement
Direct program spending came in $ 2.8-billion lower than expected , marking the fourth year in a row that spending in that area has declined . The category excludes items such as provincial transfers and represents spending that is directly under the federal government 's control .
Treasury Board President Tony Clement , who oversees how departments manage the various spending cuts and budget freezes that are part of the government 's plan to eliminate the deficit , said the better bottom line comes from a culture change in the public service .
`` The psychology of government in terms of seeking new funds has been broken , '' they said in an interview with The Globe and Mail .
Measured as a percentage of gross domestic product , overall federal spending has dropped from 17.7 per cent during the peak of stimulus spending in 2009-10 to 14.7 per cent last year , which is slightly smaller than the 15 per cent when Stephen Harper 's government was first elected in 2006 .
Opposition MPs say the government celebrates the lower spending but does not explain what has been cut . NDP MP Guy Caron said the Conservatives appear to be inflating their deficit estimates to make themselves look good later .
`` This is nothing to be proud of , '' they said .
Liberal MP Scott Brison said more detail is needed on cuts and whether they are sustainable .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
`` Clearly , one-time asset sales and stealth cuts form a significant part of this adjustment , but again , the Conservatives are n't being open or transparent with the details , '' they said .
Monday 's Finance Canada report indicates several factors contributed to the smaller deficit . One is an accounting change related to bond buybacks that means , for comparison purposes , the estimated deficit figure from the February budget is reduced to $ 15.9-billion from $ 16.6-billion . After that adjustment , the final deficit figure was $ 10.7-billion smaller than projected .
The main factor was $ 7.7-billion in unexpected revenue across all streams , including personal and corporate income tax , employment insurance premiums and $ 2.8-billion in `` other revenues . ''
The report said the estimated federal liability under the Disaster Financial Assistance Arrangements for assistance related to the 2013 flood in Alberta was $ 1.2-billion lower than expected , `` reflecting updated information from the province . ''
The report marks the second year in a row that the final deficit numbers came in significantly smaller than projected in the preceding budget . At this time last year , the government announced the 2012-13 deficit came in at $ 18.9-billion rather than $ 25.9-billion as projected in the 2013 budget .
Border Patrol Monitor borders , transit routes , and border crossings
Disaster Assessment Quickly assess the extent of a disaster
HawkEye II Wide Area Surveillance gives First Responders the information they need to determine the breadth and depth of a disaster . With this information , Commanders on the ground are better able to coordinate responses , manage security , and monitor environmental impacts . HawkEye II can also monitor evacuation routes , supply routes , and assist in vectoring other resources to victims more efficiently than ever before . HawkEye II is a game changer .
Configured for Border monitoring , HawkEye II can monitor hundreds of miles of border with ease . With full color , 192 megapixel images , covering an area up to 4 km deep and taken taken every second along a border up to 200 miles long , HawkEye II is able to see problems before they approach the border . But more than monitoring borders , HawkEye II can also `` watch '' suspicious locations for out-of-the-ordinary traffic patterns .
Drug gangs , spikes in crime , and other events affect us all . It causes neighborhoods to fail , property values to decline , and social ills that impact us all . HawkEye II provides a set of tools to public safety departments that can help reduce and deter crime in a responsible way . HawkEye II can tell the entire story of crime , providing the information investigators need to complete an investigation .
First Responders need accurate , timely information to ensure they are able to bring victims to safety as quickly as possible . HawkEye II gives them the information they need . Supplementing exisiting tools , HawkEye II can identify victims on roofs , in rivers , or in fire areas and direct - or vector - air and ground assets to victims more efficiently . HawkEye II Wide Area Surveillance improves response outcomes .
Public Safety Assist in fighting spikes in crime and gang and drug violence .
Emergency Response Detect victims , coordinate response more efficiently
HawkEye II
Wide Area Surveillance - Persistent coverage of areas as large as 64 square kilometers .
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
An out-of-control monster truck shot into a crowd of spectators at a Mexican air show , killing eight people and hurting 79 , officials said . The driver was detained Sunday on suspicion of manslaughter and officials said they were investigating possible safety violations in the setup of the show .
Carlos Gonzalez , spokesperson for the Chihuahua state prosecutors ' office , said driver Francisco Velazquez appeared to lose control of the truck after leaping over cars it was crushing during a demonstration at the `` Extreme Aeroshow '' on Saturday .
Video taken from the stands by spectator Krizthall Martinez and provided to The Associated Press shows the truck making an initial pass over two cars . It then makes a second pass at higher speed , coming down sharply nose first and bouncing violently before piling straight into the crowd , which stood directly in the path of the monster truck unprotected by any wall or barrier .
The three-day show , which included performances by airplanes , the monster truck acts and other events , was canceled after the accident on its second day in a park on the outskirts of Chihuahua , the capital of Chihuahua state .
On Sunday , two armed men threw a firebomb at monster trucks and other vehicles parked at a hotel that were part of an unrelated monster truck production at the air show .
Chihuahua Gov . Cesar Duarte Juarez said their administration , which was listed as a sponsor of the air show , was investigating whether Civil Protection authorities had correctly enforced safety regulations . They and other officials did n't say if those regulations required any protective barrier for spectators .
Some witnesses said the driver appeared to have hit their head on the interior of the truck , which is nicknamed `` Big Show , '' as they drove over the old cars . At least two reporting seeing the driver 's helmet come off before the huge vehicle drove into the crowd of terrified spectators , who tried to flee .
`` I fell over , and when I turned around I saw the tire very close . It hit me and threw me to the other side , '' Jesus Manuel Ibarra , 41 , said as they were treated for injuries to their arm and hip .
Chihuahua Mayor Marco Quezada said 79 people had been hurt . Twelve remained in intensive care , with four in critical condition , they said .
The governor declared three days of mourning .
Gonzalez , the prosecutors spokesperson , said investigators were looking into the possibility of a mechanical failure that left Velazquez unable to release the gas pedal .
Several witnesses said , however , that the driver appeared to have become incapacitated after striking their head as they bounced over small cars at high speed , crushing their roofs .
Spectator Daniel Dominguez , 18 , said they were happily watching the show with a group of relatives when the truck came down hard in the middle of the cars .
`` The driver hit their head and their helmet flew off , '' Dominguez said . `` The truck came directly at where we were . ''
Their 11-year-old sister was in surgery for injuries to their legs , and their mother was treated for minor contusions .
The governor said the driver had been given a breath alcohol test .
The German suffered a failure six laps from the chequered flag at the British GP when their car got briefly stuck in seventh gear .
Radio instructions from the pitwall helped them overcome the issues but earned them a 10-second time penalty for breaking F1 's team radio rules .
Rosberg had previously incurred a grid penalty for a gearbox change during the Austrian Grand Prix , after a suspension failure sent them into the barriers .
The six grand prix duty cycle of the current gearbox , which was was fitted as a replacement in Austria , is due to last until the end of the Italy weekend .
Should it , in turn , need to be replaced for the Budapest event , then that will lead to a five-place grid penalty – which will be particularly painful as overtaking is so hard at the Hungaroring .
Despite the public nature of the gearbox failure on Sunday , it is unclear if the issues Rosberg suffered actually caused any physical damage to components .
Under F1 's rules , as soon as a gearbox is used for the first time , the FIA attaches seals to it to ensure that no significant moving parts can be rebuilt or replaced .
This means that Mercedes will not be able to perform any detailed checks until it gets to Hungary next week . There , under FIA supervision , changes to gears and dog rings ( excluding final drives or reduction gears ) can be made for others with identical specification .
Before then , however , Mercedes is able to conduct some visual inspections and it is understood that early analysis has not highlighted any cause for major concern yet .
We calculated the first-order reaction rate constant k 2 as follows . Throughout this discussion , T 2 represents freely diffusing transposase , which is shown as T 2 , free in the model diagram .
Consider the two elementary reactions from our model that are shown at the bottom-left and the top-right regions of Figure 1I , respectively . Ignoring the transposon 's internal DNA sequences for now , these reactions are ( 1 ) T 2 + B → BT 2 and ( 2 ) AT 2 + B → AT 2 B . Both reactions involve the binding of transposase to DNA site B , so they are chemically identical . This might suggest that they would have the same reaction rates . However , in actuality , their reaction rates differ because the rate of diffusion for the free transposase is different from that of the DNA-bound transposase . Expressing their reaction rate constants as k 1 for reaction 1 ( as in the model diagram ) and k 1 ′ for reaction 2 , the respective reaction rates are
( 1 ) d [ BT 2 ] dt = k 1 [ T 2 ] [ B ] ,
( 2 ) d [ AT 2 B ] dt = k 1 ′ [ AT 2 ] [ B ] .
The Collins and Kimball reaction rate theory ( Rice , 1985 ) enables us to expand these reaction rate constants into one contribution that arises from diffusion and a second that arises from the binding activation energy . According to this theory , the expanded reaction rate constants are
( 3 ) 1 k 1 = 1 k 1 , diff + 1 k act ,
( 4 ) 1 k 1 ′ = 1 k 1 , diff ′ + 1 k act ,
where k 1 , diff and k 1 , diff ′ are diffusion-limited reaction rate constants and k act is an activation-limited reaction rate constant . These equations include the same k act value because we assumed above that the two reactions are chemically identical ; under this assumption , they should have the same binding activation energy and thus the same activation-limited reaction rate constants .
The necessary diffusion-limited reaction rate constants can be calculated from equations that Berg derived for the diffusion-limited association rates of proteins to DNA ( Berg , 1984 ) . Berg 's equation 16 is for the association rate of a freely diffusing protein to a specific DNA site , while their equation 27 is for the association rate of a DNA-bound protein to another specific DNA site . In our notation , these equations are
( 5 ) k 1 , diff = 4 π D p R + D s a ( R a ) 1 / 3 ,
( 6 ) k 1 , diff ′ = 1.4 D s a ( R a ) 1 / 3 .
These equations were derived by treating DNA with the worm-like chain model , in which DNA is represented as a long thin semi-flexible filament that bends smoothly over the course of its length . This model was recently shown to be reasonably accurate for modeling DNA dynamics ( Petrov et al. , 2006 ) . The central model parameter is the filament persistence length , a , which is the characteristic length for filament bending . According to the model , DNA binding sites diffuse rapidly within their local regions , while also gradually diffusing away to more distant regions . The rate of this local ‘ segmental diffusion ' is quantified with the diffusion coefficient D s . D s is the translational diffusion coefficient of a free DNA fragment with length a ( Berg , 1984 ) . Continuing with the above equations , R represents the distance over which a specific interaction occurs between transposase and its DNA binding sites . It arises from the assumption that the two reactants ( the transposase binding domain and a DNA binding site , in this case ) can be treated as hard spheres that react upon collision . Finally , D p is the diffusion coefficient of free transposase relative to the center of mass of the DNA .
Two final equations need to be introduced to enable us to calculate the rate of synapsis , k 2 . The reaction rate equation for reaction 2 , given in equation 2 , can be rearranged by grouping k 1 ′ and [ B ] ,
( 7 ) d [ AT 2 B ] dt = ( k 1 ′ [ B ] ) [ AT 2 ] = k 2 [ AT 2 ] .
The latter equality defines k 2 , a pseudo-first order reaction rate constant , as k 1 ′ [ B ] . Here , [ B ] is the concentration of the B DNA binding site in the vicinity of the A binding site . We used the following empirical equation from Ringrose et al . ( 1999 ) to find [ B ] :
( 8 ) j M = ( 4 a 10 4 b ) 3 / 2 exp ( − 460 a 2 6.25 b 2 ) ( 1.25 ⋅ 10 5 a 3 ) .
j M is the local concentration of one DNA site in the vicinity of another in M , a is the DNA persistence length in nanometers , and b is the separation between the sites in base pairs .
Table 2 lists the values that we used and derived to estimate k 2 . In brief , we used equation 3 , including an experimental value for k 1 and a calculated value for k 1 , diff from equation 5 , to calculate k act . We then substituted k act into equation 4 , along with a calculated value for k 1 , diff ′ from equation 6 , to estimate k 1 ′ . Finally , we used equations 7 and 8 to estimate k 2 , the rate of synapsis , from k 1 ′ .
These theoretical considerations allow us to develop a model of an idealized transposition reaction , in which the monomers within a transposase dimer bind the first and second transposon ends with equal affinity . In this idealized situation , synapsis of the transposon ends is simply a product of the sequential binding of the transposase dimer to sites at opposite ends of the element . We then go on to consider a more realistic model in which allosteric interactions between the subunits reduces the affinity of the developing transpososome for the second transposon end . The magnitude of this effect is provided by experimental estimates of the rate of synapsis ( Figure 3D , Table 2 ; Claeys Bouuaert and Chalmers , 2010 ; Claeys Bouuaert et al. , 2011 ) .
In Table 2 , the reaction radius , R , is a fairly rough estimate . However , this is not a major concern because reaction rates are relatively insensitive to the reaction radius ( Berg , 1984 ) ( they scale as R1/3 ) . Other values are likely to be more accurate . A result of the calculations shown there is that k 1 ′ is only about a factor of 1.6 slower than k 1 . This indicates that the slower diffusion of DNA-bound transposase than of free transposase has only modest impact for in vitro experiments .
For Tn10/5 there is no experimental data regarding the affinity of the transposon-end-bound monomers when they collide with each other and achieve synapsis ( see kinetic model in Figure 1B ) . For the purposes of the simulation we assigned an association rate constant equal to that for the mariner transposase binding to a transposon end . In the respective prokaryotic and eukaryotic models , the rate of synapsis is therefore determined by the same association rate constant and the rate of diffusion , which is identical in both systems . The outputs of the respective simulations are therefore directly comparable and reveal differences in the underlying kinetic models .
Internet providers in Europe can be ordered to block access to The Pirate Bay , even though the site itself does n't store any infringing material . This is the advice Advocate General Szpunar has sent to the EU Court of Justice in what may turn out to be a landmark case .
In 2014 , The Court of The Hague handed down its decision in a long running case which had previously forced two Dutch ISPs , Ziggo and XS4ALL , to block The Pirate Bay .
The Court ruled against local anti-piracy outfit BREIN , concluding that the blockade was ineffective and restricted the ISPs ' entrepreneurial freedoms .
The Pirate Bay was unblocked by all local ISPs after the decision while BREIN took the matter to the Supreme Court , which in its turn referred the case to the EU Court of Justice , seeking further clarification .
After a careful review of the case , EU Advocate General ( AG ) Maciej Szpunar submitted their opinion to the top EU Court today , which brings bad new for users of the torrent site .
The first question that required a European review is whether The Pirate Bay is communicating illegal content to the public . A relevant issue since the torrent site does n't store any infringing content , only metadata .
The Advocate General concludes that in this case a website can still be seen as communicating works to the public if the operator is made aware that copyrighted works are being shared without permission , but fails to take action .
If a local court agrees on this , then they can order Internet providers to block the site in accordance with EU law , AG Szpunar concludes .
The second question comes into play if the EU Court of Justice counters the advice and rules that The Pirate Bay is n't communicating infringing works to the public . Then the court must clarify whether ISPs can be ordered to block a site if the operator merely facilitates copyright infringements of third parties .
Again , the Advocate General believes that blocking measures are warranted under these circumstances . However , local courts must ensure that the blocks do n't unnecessarily prevent Internet users from accessing legal content .
The proportionality of such decisions needs to be reviewed on a case-by-case basis . In the case of The Pirate Bay , a block would be appropriate according to the AG , who notes that rightsholders have determined that 90 % of the available files are infringing and that the operators expressly refuse to respond to takedown requests .
“ In such circumstances , in my view , depriving internet users of access to information , by blocking the TPB site , would be proportionate to the significance and seriousness of the copyright infringements committed on that site , ” AG Szpunar concludes .
“ My assessment is based on both the proportion of illegal content and the behavior of the operators of that site , ” they add .
Blocking efforts are nothing new for The Pirate Bay team , who hope that people will find their way arount the artificial barriers .
“ Hopefully a lot more people will get smart and start using the .onion address . Otherwise they 're going to be using VPN 's and proxies . And unfortunately many will get scammed because they do n't know better , ” TPB 's plc365 says .
The Advocate General 's advice is not binding , but the European Court of Justice often uses such input as the basis of its rulings . The final verdict is expected to be released later this year .
A decision at the European level is important , as it may also affect court orders in other countries , such as the UK , Italy , and Belgium , where The Pirate Bay and other torrent sites are blocked as well .
After the EU Court reaches a conclusion , the Dutch Supreme Court will make its final decision .
Charles Isherwood .
Charles Isherwood woke up on the morning of February 3 with one of the best jobs in the country : second-string theater critic for the New York Times . Around noon that day , they were summoned to the Times 's 40th Street office , along with representatives of their union , the NewsGuild of New York . They were called into a room with two senior editors and two other executives . Isherwood was confronted with nine of their own emails , which the paper claimed as evidence that the critic had violated ethical rules . Shortly afterward , they were escorted out of the building . In the two weeks since , no one who knows the details has spoken publicly , and those Times-watchers and Broadway people who do n't know can hardly talk about anything else . It 's not every day that a Times employee — never mind one of the most prominent theater critics in the country — is so publicly given the boot .
What follows is an attempt to get to the bottom of the story , based on conversations with more than a dozen people close to the events . The Times insists a crucial triggering incident is missing from the timeline ; if so , it 's been very tightly held ( maybe even from Isherwood ) , and we may not know what it is until they and the paper meet again , in arbitration .
In the twelve years of their suddenly truncated tenure , Isherwood had crossed the country scouting regional theaters and championing future stars like Tracy Letts and Stephen Karam . Along the way , they made a couple of theater-insider friends who the Times seem to feel affected their objectivity ( and their loyalty ) . But the bigger issue may have been their rivals — the editors they clashed with , and especially Ben Brantley , the lead critic . When Isherwood arrived in 2004 , they were under the impression that Brantley would soon retire . But as they stayed on , Isherwood grew increasingly , vocally frustrated , both with their number-two position and with the paper 's shrinking review space . According to a source , there were two early “ dustups ” between the critics , but , over the last five years , no contact at all .
Shortly after Isherwood 's firing , a notice was sent out to Times critics assuring them that this was a dismissal for cause — not a layoff . The following Tuesday , the paper posted a job listing for the position . Last week , Isherwood began pursuing arbitration . The fact that their dismissal resulted from a thorough search of their emails , which were handpicked for potential infractions , is extremely rare . Current and past employees remember it happening only once in recent years , for severe wrongdoing . They called it “ extraordinary ” and “ inexplicable . ”
Isherwood declined to comment for this story , but NewsGuild president Grant Glickson told me the Times had “ drastically overreacted ” in terminating him . “ He has done nothing to warrant dismissal , unless remarking to a friend that they were disappointed that the Times was cutting its arts coverage was an offense. ” The Times insists there was another incident that led to both the email search and the firing , but released only the following statement : “ While we do n't comment on specific personnel matters , the scenario of someone simply being difficult or publicly negative about the Times or colleagues would never lead to the highly unusual step of a review of an employee 's email . Only something more serious would result in such an action . ”
The emails brought up on that Friday ( “ Black Friday , ” as Isherwood privately calls it ) were communications with several Broadway producers — mostly the powerful movie and theater mogul Scott Rudin — as well as two publicists , Philip Rinaldi and Rick Miramontez . Isherwood rudely disparaged Brantley to Miramontez , and also , separately , to a friend at a ballet company . They also complained to the latter that Brantley had blocked them from reviewing Hamilton , even though he 'd covered Lin-Manuel Miranda 's previous show , In the Heights .
Disparagement is a tricky area . Guidelines on collegial conduct — the “ rules of the road ” — are alluded to , but not specified , in the Times 's Ethical Journalism handbook , and Isherwood was charged with violating them . On its face , that certainly would n't be cause for dismissal or email searches . “ I just thought it was theatrical , the competition between them , ” says Miramontez . “ Spicy and energetic — I thought it was campy ! If you go back to the glory days of thirty years ago , this is much ado about nothing . ”
Isherwood also told a couple of producers about diminishing arts coverage at the Times , though they probably could have gleaned the same information by reading Deadline , which broke a story about consolidation in the arts pages last November . They were accused of threatening Rinaldi with a negative review ; having not been invited to an early press performance , Isherwood had written them to say that they now had the flu and “ did n't know if they could do it justice ” on a subsequent night . Rinaldi does n't remember that email at all . A joke to producer Jeffrey Richards about a legalistic correction Richards had asked for ( on a story Isherwood had n't written ) was perceived as somehow out of bounds .
Communications with Rudin were a bit more numerous and serious . Isherwood asked Rudin why their name was n't on a blurb in an ad ; they also shared information about the paper 's thinking regarding year-end coverage of plays they are n't working on ( while disparaging both Brantley and Hamilton ) . And a third email had to do with Stephen Karam 's The Humans , winner of the Best Play Tony for 2016 . The Times highlighted an email to Rudin saying something along the lines of , “ I 'll bat it out of the park , ” on a Broadway review .
There are hard rules against promising favorable coverage at the Times and elsewhere . Rudin says this exchange with Isherwood was the result of a request that Isherwood re-review a play , period . The play had very recently transferred from an off-Broadway production , which Isherwood had raved about and Rudin had n't produced , and Times policy dictated that a second review so close to the first was n't mandatory . “ Rudin was probably saying it 's important that you give it your best shot , ” says Miramontez , who also handled publicity for the play — and calls this sort of interaction “ a very common thing in our world . ”
What 's “ very common ” in the course of social or professional exchanges can shade over into ethical infractions for a critic . This is especially so in Broadway theater , where producers often invest in multiple shows per season , but there can only be 41 running at a time — which means that , if you consider social relationships disqualifying , having one producer friend could cut you out of reviewing a good chunk of the season . ( For the record , Isherwood 's reviews of these producers ' work ranged from negative to ecstatic . ) It 's a small enough world that telegraphing forthcoming coverage in the paper of record risks spreading gossip like wildfire . But missing from the accounts we 've heard about the emails is any evidence of favor-trading or real corruption . Everyone I spoke to said that while Isherwood could be very ornery , they could n't imagine them betraying the reader 's trust . “ Charles is n't that kind of person , ” says Miramontez . “ He 's very square and serious about their job . ”
But what could possibly have caused the paper to start digging into their emails in the first place — something that almost never happens at the paper ? Shortly after the firing , Times reporters worried that their employer was just trawling indiscriminately . Rumors began circulating . Some pointed to an arch Facebook post from the Tuesday before Isherwood was fired , in which they posted an online piece with the introduction : “ This may never see print — welcome to the new world of the New York Times. ” In fact , by the time of that post , the writing may have already been on the wall .
Even before Black Friday , Isherwood and their editor , Scott Heller , were having a very rocky week . They had two tiffs that may or may not have triggered the email search . ( The Times maintains they did n't . ) First , there was a double review of two shows that Isherwood had seen in New Haven the week before — the same review Isherwood snidely posted on Facebook the next day . Heller was increasingly asking that regional reviews be packaged together as trend pieces — a tendency Isherwood viewed as diminishing their reach . Per Heller 's initial request , Isherwood tenuously linked the two plays together in a review that they filed on Monday , January 30 . Then Heller told them their layout had changed and asked them to decouple the reviews into two shorter pieces . Isherwood refused .
The following day — the Tuesday of the snarky post — Isherwood had another argument with Heller . Months earlier , the critic had expressed their interest in profiling a big Broadway star of the current season . But after learning that Rudin had negotiated a place for a profile in another publication ( which happened to be New York ) , they wrote to the producer to express their regret over not having the chance to write it for the Times . Rudin replied that the agreement had in fact fallen apart , meaning no other publication had an exclusive on it , and he 'd be happy to help Isherwood secure the story . Isherwood took that news directly to Heller , but instead of getting the assignment , they were strongly admonished for “ negotiating ” with Rudin .
Rudin confirms the outlines of that narrative , and makes their sympathies perfectly clear . “ I would always happily have Charles write anything they wanted about our work , ” Rudin says . “ I would not put anything or anybody I care about near Scott Heller ” — which they also said in their email to Isherwood . Rudin is about as secretive about their antipathy for Heller as Isherwood is about their own for Brantley . “ I think under them the section has become a joke , ” Rudin says . “ I think Charles does n't suffer fools and Scott Heller is a fool. ” Rudin 's refusal to deal with Isherwood 's supervisor , while talking it down directly to the critic , could n't have sat well with the editors .
Someone close to decisions made at the Times rejected the idea that these incidents had motivated the search , without volunteering an alternative . But whatever the final straw , Isherwood had n't been happy for a long time , and they are n't shy about saying so . It was n't just a couple of emails — they took swipes at Brantley 's work everywhere from private conversations to public panels . “ I think they were on a bit of a witch hunt , ” says one theater veteran . “ Any reason to get rid of this guy who was a very good critic with a very bad attitude . ”
The battle lines in the Isherwood–Brantley turf war were familiar to anyone even mildly interested in New York theater . They had carved out their respective beats : Brantley would handle London plays and all the big Broadway shows , while Isherwood stalked regional theaters . If a play they had reviewed transferred to Broadway , they would follow it there . But Brantley always had first picked . Friends say Isherwood denigrated what Brantley loved — and not just Hamilton , which Isherwood felt they should have been allowed to review . Even in Times roundup features , they would mock Brantley-lauded revivals like Exit the King ( which they said “ proves that it 's possible to die of mugging ” ) .
Brantley would occasionally rip into shows such as August : Osage County that Isherwood had championed in regional runs . But they were generally buttoned-up about their differences . Isherwood was a lot less so . To make matters worse , last year Isherwood asked culture editor Danielle Mattoon for a promotion to co-chief theater critic , an arrangement the art and movie critics share . They were turned down and wound up storming out of the office .
“ Most of us were thinking , ‘ What the fuck is wrong with you ? You have the best job in the world , ' ” says a colleague . “ If I had the role of second-string critic , where you could discover things and make a different kind of mark … I do n't think there was a lot of sympathy for the way they were behaving . ”
Yet the dismissal still confuses this colleague , who notes , “ It 's very rare for the Times to fire somebody . They could have shifted them to the municipal-bonds beat and the guild would n't be able to do anything about it , so it is kind of shocking . But Charles had no rabbi left at the paper , nobody really protecting him , and maybe they were aware of that and gave up , or kept pushing the limits . ”
Isherwood recently had drinks with another publicly fired Times employee , former executive editor Jill Abramson . They are as puzzled as anyone by what happened . “ Ill feelings between critics at the Times was not unusual — it breeds competition , and sometimes anger , ” they say . “ But it 's hard for me to believe , knowing Charles as I do , that they would do something that was wrong. ” They say that over gin and tonics — light on the tonic — they “ assured them that the hurt would subside and that they would be perfectly , perfectly fine . ”
Heller told colleagues they had nothing to do with Isherwood 's firing . It was Mattoon who attended the “ Black Friday ” meeting . ( Both Heller and Mattoon declined to comment , referring queries to a Times spokesperson . ) Another friend of Isherwood 's thinks Heller could at least have done more to heal the Isherwood–Brantley rift : “ It would have been better for the two of them to have a relationship . ”
Last month , the Times released a report recommending editorial streamlining and a decreased emphasis on print sections . Layoffs and buyouts are expected to follow , mostly targeting editors . It 's in that general context that some wonder if Isherwood 's firing was an easy way to get rid of someone making far above guild minimum , without having to pay a pension or severance . ( The Times strongly denies any connection between the two situations . ) The paper might also welcome the opportunity to hire a theater critic who 's younger , and maybe not a white man .
The ad for the position asked for candidates who 'd work well with editors , interact with readers , and explore “ new story forms. ” It also included the line : “ While a background writing about theater is a plus , it is not a prerequisite. ” That does n't sound like a job for an old-school theater critic , or one quite so intimately familiar with the players as Charles Isherwood was . Rudin has some controversial opinions , but what they say about their associate would be hard to refute . “ Charles was a highly respected and very well-regarded critic , ” they say , “ and it 's a huge loss to the paper and to the theater community . They championed a lot of shows that needed him . They made a difference in the ecology of the theater . ”
I 'm very happy with how this strip came together . The first panel is probably the best thing I 've ever drawn . I ended up rewriting the script as to not cover so much of the art .
As for panel two , here are some of the similies I did n't use :
Like an arthritic moose who read the pamphlet “ an introduction to stumbling ” and decided to give it a whirl ?
Like if a magic pork chop and a completely normal pork chop had a baby which was raised by developmentally challenged bears and who taught the child to spend the next 40 years drowning their chronic disappointment in ale and pies ? Like that ?
Like eight possums crammed into a suit of armor and pushed down a hill ?
Like a pork chop magically transformed into a real boy who then spent 30 years really letting themselves go ?
Like two four-legged animals in a three-legged race ?
Like the poster boy for worse posters ?
See you next week !
— Steve @ theSteveConley
This article is over 1 year old
US embassy in London devoted page to Donald Trump 's private country club , conflating public institutions and president 's business interests , experts say
The US embassy in London has taken down a web page publicising Donald Trump 's country club at Mar-a-Lago in Florida , triggering outrage as the latest example of the blurring of lines between public institutions and the president 's business interests under the new administration .
The page on the embassy site devoted to Mar-a-Lago , described it as “ the winter White House ” , although it continues to be a private club with annual membership fees of $ 200,000 .
The embassy web page linked to a fuller description of the property by Share America , part of the Bureau of International Information Programmes , and the state department 's “ platform for sharing compelling stories and images that spark discussion and debate on important topics like democracy , freedom of expression , innovation , entrepreneurship , education , and the role of civil society ” .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The US embassy 's website . Photograph : uk.usembassy.gov
The web posts gave details of the opulent past of the eight hectare estate and 114-room mansion , built in 1927 for a cereal heiress and socialite , Marjorie Merriweather Post , who willed it to the US government in 1973 . However , neither Richard Nixon nor Jimmy Carter used it and it was returned to private ownership in 1981 .
The website suggested that “ Post 's dream of a winter White House came true with Trump 's election in 2016 ” .
Missile crisis by candlelight : Donald Trump 's use of Mar-a-Lago raises security questions Read more
Trump purchased the estate in 1985 , and has used Mar-a-Lago to entertain foreign dignitaries , including the Japanese prime minister , Shinzo Abe , in February , and Chinese president , Xi Jinping , earlier this month .
The use of the state department website for such publicity was denounced by the president 's critics and government ethics experts .
Democratic Senator Ron Wyden asked on Twitter : “ Why are taxpayer [ dollars ] promoting the President 's private country club ? ” and provided a link to the web page “ in all its kleptocratic glory ” .
Norman Eisen , who was special counsel for ethics and government reform in the Obama White House , said the web page broke federal regulations because the state department and embassies “ are using official channels to promote a private business , which happens to be that of their ultimate superior , the president ” .
Eisen said : “ This is outrageous – more exploitation of public office for Trump 's personal gain . ”
By Monday evening , the page had been taken down .
“ The intention of the article was to inform the public about where the President has been hosting world leaders , ” a state department official said . “ We regret any misperception and have removed the post . ”
cron.weekly issue # 78 : octodns , SSH , grsecurity , postal , nginx , cgroups , vim & more
Welcome to cron.weekly issue # 78 for Sunday , April 30th , 2017 .
Lots of good links in this release again , plenty of variation to keep you entertained . Enjoy !
News
A bit of Unix trivia here , as the original author of the SSH protocol explains why port 22 was chosen and how it got to be approved as the official port , by IANA .
AMD seems to be really making a comeback with its Ryzen CPUs , this post looks at how it does on performance when run on a Linux system . Both single and multithreaded performance comparisons are handled .
In Linux , there 's a limit to how long a “ path ” can be . Since directories contain other directories , a file path could – in theory – be millions of paths deep . It 's limited via the PATH_MAX limit though , and this post explains why it 's there , the caveats and how to handle those .
The team at Lyft ( Uber rival ) looks back at their Envoy announcement , a L7 proxy and communication bus ( also known as a “ service mesh ” , like linkerd ) . Nice bit of history & future plans for the project .
Grsecurity offered kernel hardening & security guarantees , but is now stopping the support of their open source project . It 'll continue to operate , but in a closed source way only , unless the community keeps up maintenance . Funny how the parent company is still named “ Open Source Security Inc. “ .
Lots of points here from the author on what proper configurations can achieve vs. containers , and how the benefit of strong configs outweigh some of the downsides of those containers .
It 's sometimes impossible to answer what 's consuming resources like CPU , IO , & memory in a complex software such as a database . This ebook explains how a specialization of ordinary linear regression answers seemingly unsolvable database questions . ( Sponsored )
Tools & Projects
Track & alert on the health and performance of every server , container , and app in any environment , with Datadog . Sign up for a free 14-day trial . ( Sponsored )
A set of tools to perform basic audits on your DNS requests and responses to make sure your DNS is working as you expect .
JMAP is intended to be a new standard for email clients to connect to mail stores . It therefore intends to primarily replace IMAP + SMTP submission . It is also designed to be more generic such that it can be extended with contacts , calendars in the future ( replacing CardDAV/CalDAV ) . It does not replace MTA-to-MTA SMTP transmission .
The first stable release of linkerd , a dedicated infrastructure layer for making service-to-service communication safe , fast , and reliable .
This tool offers mustache templates for Bash , allowing you to more easily template scripts & content in Bash .
Postal is a complete and fully featured mail server for use by websites & web servers . Think Sendgrid , Mailgun or Postmark but open source and ready for you to run on your own servers .
This new release brings support for TLSv1.3 and a convenient feature where logging signals sent to nginx now also log the PID of the process which sent the signal .
Linux Malware Detect ( LMD ) is a malware scanner for Linux is designed around the threats faced in shared hosted environments . It uses threat data from network edge intrusion detection systems .
Multi-master is an extension and set of patches to a Postgres database , that turns Postgres into a synchronous shared-nothing cluster to provide OLTP scalability and high availability with automatic disaster recovery .
OctoDNS provides a set of tools & patterns that make it easy to manage your DNS records across multiple providers . The resulting config can live in a repository and be deployed just like the rest of your code , maintaining a clear history and using your existing review & workflow .
Highlight insecure SSL/TLS cipher suites and protocols as errors in your editor .
Guides & Tutorials
This post explains why reproducible builds are important and goes on to show how to make it happen , using rclone ( CLI sync tool ) as an example . There 's some Linux , Docker & Go in this post for everyone .
Some practical tips for trying to better understand & use the vim editor , like making it the default editor in your terminal , learning the different modes & quick shortcuts for easy navigation .
RHEL7 ( and thus , CentOS 7 ) has been out for a while now . This post provides lots of links to further explore cgroups , to further separate CPU/memory/network/disk resources in namespaces .
This guide gets you started running your own Mastodon instance on a Digital Ocean VM , but it 'll work on pretty much any Linux provider & flavor .
A deep-dive into the features of the TCP and UDP load balancer in Nginx , covering hash algoritms , failovers , weighted load balancing , handling timeouts , performing health checks , etc .
Not everything is namespaced in the kernel , this post shows which 2 objects are n't . No tl ; dr here , click through to find out ! 😉
MySQL comes with a handy little diagnostic tool called mysqlslap that 's been around since version 5.1.4 . It 's a benchmarking tool that can help DBAs and developers load test their database servers . This post gives you the steps to use it .
Videos
This video only takes 35 seconds and I wo n't spoil the answer . Go view . 🙂
Washington ( CNN ) On Saturday , Vice President Mike Pence was in Las Vegas honoring the victims of the largest mass shooting in modern American history . Less than 24 hours later , they were in Indiana walking out of the Indianapolis Colts game against the San Francisco 49ers after several of the players failed to stand during the National Anthem .
`` I left today 's Colts game because @ POTUS and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers , our Flag , or our National Anthem , '' Pence wrote on Twitter by way of explanation .
President Donald Trump , never one to cede to the spotlight , quickly took to Twitter to claim credit for Pence 's walk-out . `` I asked @ VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled , disrespecting our country . I am proud of them and @ SecondLady Karen , '' tweeted Trump . They continued to inject themselves into the moment Monday morning , tweeting that Pence received `` great praise '' for leaving the game .
According to CNN 's Jim Acosta , Trump and Pence spoke before the game about what Pence would do if there was a protest . `` They agreed if a protest took place they would leave , '' one White House official told Acosta of Pence . The pool reporters covering Pence were told to stay in the media van rather than enter the stadium because `` there may be an early departure from the game . ''
Pence flew from Las Vegas to Indianapolis to go the game . ( He went , according to their office , because longtime Colts great Peyton Manning was being honored . ) Pence then jetted back to California .
Add up all that context and it 's clear that Trump knew exactly what they were doing . Remember that Trump 's formative experience before running for president was as a reality show star and producer . They helped start `` The Apprentice '' in 2004 with Mark Burnett and served as its face for more than a decade . They did n't just learn the lessons of what makes good reality TV -- they mainlined them .
Cliffhangers . Reversals of fortune . And , always , drama , drama , drama .
That 's exactly the approach Trump has taken to the White House . They feud ! They fight ! They tweet ! And , always , they make you watch .
Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker , who has openly battled with Trump , told The New York Times that the President 's approach in the White House is similar to a `` reality show , '' adding that it 's `` like he 's doing 'The Apprentice ' or something . ''
The Pence protest is a perfect example of Trump as the puppet master of a giant reality show he 's producing . Trump knew that Pence was headed to the Colts game . ( The vice president 's office said the trip had long been scheduled . ) They believe strongly that the fight they picked with NFL players over whether or not to stand during the National Anthem is a good one for them -- and their political base . And so they directed Pence to stage the walkout and make sure everyone knew about it .
And , because Trump really does know how to create watchable TV , Pence 's walkout became the story on Sunday . Every NFL post-game show talked about it and showed the picture of Pence ( and their wife ) standing during the anthem .
It was , without question , a victory for Trump TV .
Is Trump aware that , unlike the fake consequences of reality TV , what they say and does -- and what they direct their vice president to say and do -- has very real impacts on the country ? Maybe . Will that change their behavior ? Almost certainly not .
Trump 's entire life -- even before they found a medium like reality TV -- was about making sure every eye is on him . That people are talking about them -- no matter what they 're saying -- amounts to a victory in Trump 's eyes . In that way , they are the perfect president for our famous-for-being-famous celebrity culture . They are the political version of the Kardashians , always mindful of where the camera is , how to ramp up the drama and how to keep people watching -- even if they say they hate everyone involved .
The Kardashians may well make for great TV . But , would you want one of them to be president ? Or for the president to think like them ?
In September , I won a Leap Motion Controller at a hackathon and started thinking about what I could build with it . After playing around with the SDK a little bit to understand what kind of data I could get , I thought it would be cool to build a translator for sign language .
Deaf people have valuable things to offer society , and it 's a shame when communication is a barrier . After talking with a friend who was excited about the idea , we decided to work on a sign language translator at TAMUHack ( a hackathon at Texas A & M ) . In this post , I 'd like to talk about how we approached the challenge .
On the big day , we set up our workstation and got to hacking . Our first goal was to get something working that would transcribe signs of the ASL alphabet as a user signed them above the device . Matt started working on getting data on each joint into a database I had set up so that we could experiment with the data more easily . With data in hand , we set to work getting the actual recognition part working .
Machine Learning Basics
For those of you unfamiliar with machine learning , it 's often broken down into a few different kinds of problems . For our project , we were attempting to solve a classification problem . Classification problems are problems where the input is some data points , and the output should be a label . For example , determining if a given email is spam or not is a classification problem .
In our case , we 're trying to go from the per-joint position data that the Leap Motion API gives us to a letter of the alphabet . Using the awesome scikit-learn library , I set to getting a classifier up and running while Matt gathered more data .
By around 3:00am , we had a simple transcription device more or less working . Playing around with it , we knew it definitely was n't perfect , but it showed promise . At one point , while attempting to solve the issues we were running into , we turned to Markov chains . The idea was that because certain letters commonly precede others , we should be able to figure out that a person signing “ q ” will probably sign “ u ” next . In the end , that was n't a super helpful idea – we later tore it out . After we input some more training data , the recognition was good enough that we could work with it .
We had a little bit of extra time , so we decided to try to make something fun to demonstrate the sign language recognition we were able to implement . We wanted to make a language learning tool , something like Rosetta Stone for sign language . Given the amount of time we had left , we set our sights on a simple game that would reward players for making as many signs as they could in thirty seconds .
By 8:00am , we had something working . Our game would put up a picture of a sign and ask the player to mimic it . Once they had , they would be awarded 100 points and pick another sign for them to input . At the end of thirty seconds , the game has you enter your name on the leaderboard :
We were happy with our project by about an hour before it was due . We were then able to focus on presentations .
Hackathon Pro-Tip : Presentations
If you 're going to a hackathon , I highly recommend putting some time into planning out your presentation . Having a plan for the best way to demonstrate your project to judges can put that last bit of polish on your project and really make a difference .
After the initial , science-fair style presentations , we ( along with five other projects ) got to present at closing ceremonies . Awesome ! I had to rush a little bit ( because the event was running a little late ) , but talking about our project in front of everyone was very fun .
We ended up getting second place , which I 'm very proud of . Learning more about the Leap Motion and how to use it was also a blast . If you want to see any code , it 's all available on GitHub .
George Osborne is a man with an election to win . Ahead of the opening of the short campaign in 12 days ' time , today 's Budget was a ruthless attempt to neutralise Labour 's strongest attack lines . After the unforseen `` Road to Wigan Pier '' headlines that followed their Autumn Statement last December , they announced that public spending would no longer fall to its lowest level as a share of GDP since the 1930s . Instead , owing to a more generous settlement , it will now stand at 36 per cent ( up from 35.2 per cent ) in 2019-20 , merely the lowest level since 1999-2000 : when Gordon Brown was in the Treasury .
But as I wrote before today 's statement , Labour can and will point out that this was before the major spending increases for the NHS , education and more . Osborne has gone from once pledging to match their opponents ' plans in 2007 to deciding they can live with the austere levels of 2000 . More importantly , the dramatic fiscal gap between the two parties endures . Osborne 's goal of achieving a surplus by the end of the next parliament ( in contrast to Labour 's aim of balancing the current budget ) means Ed Miliband can still warn of far harsher cuts to come if the Tories survive in office . While David Cameron and Osborne imply that most of the pain is over , the OBR warns in its new document that the spending squeeze to come will be `` sharper '' than `` anything seen over the past five years '' .
Blessed with a well-timed fall in inflation , the Chancellor was able to boast that living standards will be higher this year than they were in 2010 , their attempt to answer Labour 's Reagan question ( `` Are you better off now than you were five years ago ? '' ) in the positive . While the statisticians argue over which metric to use , what counts politically is whether the voters feel better off . The deadlocked polls are evidence that many do not . Indeed , the danger for the Tories is that the suggestion that the `` cost-of-living-crisis '' is over merely reinforces the deadly impression of them as out-of-touch .
In an act of thrift , Osborne used the windfall from the sale of bank shares , lower interest payments and lower welfare bills to pay down the national debt : allowing them to meet their original pledge to reduce it as a share of GDP by 2015-16 . Yet another Labour attack - that debt is inexorably rising - was neutralised . But Osborne 's record on the public finances remains one of failure : their promise was that the structural deficit would be eliminated by now , that austerity would be over . As in other cases , they have forced Labour to modify , rather than abandon , its attack .
Having fired at Labour 's foxes , Osborne moved on to rabbits . Most of them came as no surprise . The personal allowance will rise to £10,800 this year and £11,000 next year ( a Lib Dem policy Osborne has shamelessly claimed as a Tory achievement ) . A penny was again knocked off a pint ( an example of the reverse pasty taxes they have produced since their 2012 `` omnishambles '' ) and fuel duty was again frozen . The only measures not trailed in advance were the new Help to Buy ISAs ( an effective tax cut for first-time buyers ) and the increase in the 40p tax threshold from £42,385 to £43,300 from 2017-18 ( a tax cut for the top 14 per cent that the Lib Dems surprisingly approved ) .
There was no sucker punch , no coup de grâce , no knock-out blow . Miliband 's assured response to Osborne ( by far their best since 2012 ) was testimony to how unsettled Labour was . There are Budgets , for good or ill , that genuinely change the political weather . This was not one of them . After a raft of articles proclaiming that this could be the day the election was decided , the Tories ' task looks little easier than it did this morning .
BERKELEY — The Cooperative Center Federal Credit Union recently donated more than $ 7,000 to Friends of Faith Inc. , a nonprofit organization that helps low-income , underinsured women and men undergoing treatment for breast cancer , the credit union announced in a news release this week .
Cooperative Center members and its staff have supported Friends of Faith since 2011 , holding fundraisers , collecting donations , promoting breast cancer awareness and participating in the annual Faith Fancher 5K Breast Cancer Challenge around Lake Merritt in Oakland , according to the news release .
Friends of Faith distributes funds to its beneficiaries throughout the Bay Area , including the Faith Fancher Breast Cancer Emergency Fund , which is administered by the Women 's Cancer Resource Center and provides up to $ 600 to low-income Alameda and Contra Costa County residents being treated for breast cancer .
Accepting the funds on behalf of Friends of Faith were board members Renel Brooks-Moon , public address announcer for the San Francisco Giants and host on radio station 98.1 KISQ-FM , and journalist Rosie Allen , who has worked for KGO TV and NewsTalk 910 radio .
“ We are inspired and energized by the enthusiasm of our employees and members who walked with us and donated
generously in support of the Friends of Faith , Inc. , ” Debbie Crowson , the credit union 's assistant vice president of marketing and charter group relations , said in the news release .
“ The Bay Area community including many of our own credit union members have benefited from the work of Friends of Faith , ” Crowson added . “ With many groups raising funds for research , we feel a greater connection to an organization serving local Bay Area women and men fighting the battle . ”
Established in 1942 , Cooperative Center Federal Credit Union , at 2001 Ashby Ave. , serves nearly 13,000 members and has more than $ 113 million in assets , according to the news release .
For more information about Friends of Faith , Inc. visit www.faithfancher.org . To learn more about the Friends of Faith Breast Cancer Emergency Fund and the Women 's Cancer Resource Center , visit www.wcrc.org .
Contact Tom Lochner at 510-262-2760 . Follow them at Twitter.com/tomlochner .
Quick Access
Review / Favorite Track / For Fans Of / Atmosphere Levels / Links ( Music & Social )
Prepare for the Ceremony , Come Inside the Sweat Lodge !
Sweat Lodge is a band from Austin , TX formed in 2010 . They released their full-length debut “ Talismana ” a couple of months ago through Ripple Music . If you have lived in a cave or on the moon for the last couple of years and do n't know about this Californian record label , let me tell you that so far , they have released some of the best albums of the heavy scene of the last years .
Talismana by Sweat Lodge
How is the sound ?
In their words , the band plays a nice mixture of “ Hard Rock , Heavy Psych , Progressive Rock and Proto-Metal ” . Considering this , you 'll hear a good dose of retro-rock paying tribute to the 70 's Hard Rock and Proto-Metal scene . In this sense , you 'll find reference to classic bands like Black Sabbath , Leaf Hound , Jerusalem , Fuzzy Duck , Sir Lord Baltimore , Dust , ZZ Top and more . But do n't be fooled , at the same time the band sounds fresh and current , and for that , I can tell you 'll be the witness of a band bringing to the present the good old sound with their own trademark .
The moment the album starts with “ Tramplifier ” you 'll hear Cody delivering some Ozzy-ish vocals , Bones bringing heavy and fuzzy riffs , over the groovy pulses of Austin and the solid drums of Caleb . The first time I heard it , the Black Sabbath classic “ Hole In The Sky ” came to my mind . “ Bed Of Ashes ” is a powerful song in which Cody delivers anger and desperation into their performance . The transition to “ Slow Burn ” is so smooth that you can hear it as an extension of the previous song . For this one , the band slows down the tempo playing some fine doomish hard rock .
“ Phoenix Ascent ” is a Proto-Metal song that reminds me of the classic and underappreciated bands listed above , I promise you 'll bang your head a lot with this one . For “ Talismana ” , the band manages to blend perfectly the sound of early Doom and Proto-Metal bands creating a wall of sound . Behind that , Cody repeats continuously the title track like a desperate cry for help .
With “ Black Horizon ” , Sweat Lodge gets immersed straight into Hard Rock waters , delivering some good rock and roll performance . As for “ Boogie Bride ” , it 's full of Southern Rock and Heavy Blues references .
The album closes with two wonderful tracks , “ Heavy Head ” -the title gives you a clue ? - and “ Banshee Call ” . The first one is another Proto-Metal feast , even close to early Heavy Metal territory , so this one is the perfect excuse to play some air guitar . The last one reveals the Heavy Psych and Southern Rock influences -remember this band comes from Austin , Tx- to explode into a festival of quality riffs , heavy bass and drums to give close with a beautiful guitar solo .
In conclusion , thanks to “ Talismana ” , Sweat Lodge just made their breakthrough into the heavy global scene , I know we 'll hear big things from them from now on . If you ask me , this album will rate between the top albums of 2015 .
Why is this album worth listening ?
It 's one of the most solid debuts I 've listened in a long time .
“ Talismana ” is just so good it would easily be in my top 5 albums of 2015 .
It shows a perfect balance of all things heavy : Hard Rock , Heavy Psych , Proto-Metal , Doom Metal , and more .
In what situation you should listen to this album ?
Drinking some cold beers with your pals in the neighborhood bar .
Driving through Route 66
Live , Sweat Lodge seems to be an amazing band capable of putting a show full of adrenaline and quality performances .
Something particular to note ?
If you have a turntable , do n't hesitate to buy the vinyl version in their Big Cartel shop . Ripple Music made a rare “ Spirit Warrior ” triple color limited edition that it 's worth every dollar .
The lesson we must learn from the 2008 -- 09 crisis is the vital importance in business , not least in banking , of simplicity . Next to honesty it is the most important virtue , and the two are usually connected . Unfortunately , many people -- whose brains and ingenuity are not matched by judgment -- have a passion for complexity , and electronic technology makes it easy for them to indulge that passion . The clouds of almost impenetrable complexity they create conceal bad judgment , incompetence , unconscionable risk-taking and sheer dishonesty . For instance , a mortgage , a form of borrowing that goes back to the 12th century , ought to be simple . You buy a house and pay for part of it by borrowing money from a professional mortgage lender against the security of the property . You pay interest on the loan and a portion of the capital annually . There are only two parties to the transaction -- you and the mortgage provider , who assesses your creditworthiness and sets the terms of the deal .
Dangerous Mix
Technology has made it easy to complicate such deals to an almost infinite extent . The undisclosed object is to enable people who ca n't really afford to buy a house to acquire one . The net result is twofold : a violent inflation in property prices , which is visible ; and a huge increase in the total volume of debt , which is often concealed .
Worse , instead of the transaction being a clear business between two parties , it has become an impenetrable one between dozens , even hundreds , especially banks . This increases the cost , and thus the debt , by allowing a lot of parties to get a slice of the profits . It is an incitement to greed and , since the original borrower is often uncreditworthy , a sure road to disaster . The subprime crisis is a classic example of what happens when pristine simplicity is transformed into needless complexity by the driving force of greed abetted by technology .
Banking also ought to be a simple business . You deposit money in a bank , which keeps it safe and pays you interest . The bank lends the money of depositors to borrowers , who use it as working capital to build up their businesses , in return paying the bank interest plus ( by an agreed upon time ) the principal . The difference between the two rates of interest allows the bank to pay its staff and to give its investors a return at a reasonable profit .
Human ingenuity and the love of making simple matters difficult -- an important part of the human psyche -- have always tended to make banking more complicated than it ought to be . This has been true since the Order of the Knights Templar , whose original role had been to guard the treasure of the Crusaders , spread throughout the Holy Land and Europe , and set up a banking network . All their successors -- from the Florentine and Lombardian bankers to the Jewish bankers of Frankfurt to the bankers of the City of London and Wall Street -- have tended to add new complexities .
To a degree , such refinements are useful , for they increase the extent and flexibility of credit , which in turn expands the wealth of the world and , subsequently , the comfort and security of people . But complexity ceases to be desirable once it prevents reasonably intelligent inquirers from understanding it . A bank and its operations ought to be transparent . In recent years this has ceased to be the case . Technology has made it possible for banks to do things totally beyond the capacity of inky clerks sitting on high stools and writing entries in ledgers with quill pens .
This is progress , of course , but it has brought increased risks : Immensely complicated transactions involving vast sums of money take place in seconds , all over the world . Thus a young man , sitting in front of a cluster of computer screens , was able to put at risk the entire financial resources of Barings Bank , an institution that had been built up over two centuries . This would not have been possible had they still been a clerk in charge of a ledger .
The complexities introduced into banking in recent years have produced such a fog of ignorance that what was once the world 's largest bank , Citibank , became impenetrable , not only to outsiders but also to the officials nominally in charge of it . They simply did n't know the full extent of the debt acquired -- not to mention what proportion of it was bad debt and irrecoverable .
Axioms for the Future
I have always been highly suspicious of things that ought to be simple but have become too intricate for me to grasp . And I am doubly suspicious of those who make them so . I once conducted a TV interview with Robert Maxwell , head of a large publishing empire . I asked them why the structure of their holding company was so complicated and why all its filaments seemed to end up in inaccessible bank accounts in Luxembourg . Their explanations clouded the situation even more , and they got very angry when I pressed him . I did not then know that they were already raiding the assets of their firm 's pension fund to keep the precarious structure from collapsing . But I knew for a certainty there was something fundamentally wrong .
Here are some pointers : Trust what is simple and can be understood at a glance . Anything more elaborate , investigate carefully and thoroughly ; if it 's too convoluted for you to grasp , pull back . Remember , in financial matters the object of complexity is all too often to conceal the truth , to deceive .
All this is obvious . Odd that we should have to reiterate it . Meanwhile , the wealth of the world has been halved .
Paul Johnson , eminent British historian and author ; Lee Kuan Yew , minister mentor of Singapore ; and David Malpass , global economist , president of Encima Global LLC , rotate in writing this column . To see past Current Events columns , visit our Web site at www.forbes.com/currentevents .
Theresa May has refused an invitation to address a public session of the European Parliament , prompting suggestions that they are unnecessarily making enemies during the Brexit process .
Brussels sources say the Prime Minister was only willing to speak to MEPs behind closed doors after parliament president Antonio Tajani invited them to present their Brexit position to the elected European representatives .
Margaret Thatcher famously faced the European Parliament in 1986 to argue for reforms of the then European Community 's Commons Agricultural Policy . Tony Blair and Gordon Brown have also addressed the chamber ; David Cameron agreed to do so but suspended their speech and resigned before it could be re-scheduled .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view . From 15p €0.18 $ 0.18 $ 0.27 a day , more exclusives , analysis and extras .
A Downing Street spokesperson did not deny that Ms May had declined to address a plenary session of the EU-wide elected body .
“ The Prime Minister has confirmed to President Tajani that they would be happy to address the conference of presidents . A date will now be arranged with their team , ” the spokesperson said .
Criticising the decision , Elmar Brok MEP , a German member of the European parliament 's Brexit steering committee , told the Guardian newspaper : “ The European parliament remains ready to offer flexible solutions . Why make enemies ? It 's ridiculous . ”
The PM , notorious for their dislike of unscripted media appearance , may be wary of appearing in public in the Parliament because all proceedings are broadcast live on television . When their predecessor Margaret Thatcher appeared before the body in 1986 they were interrupted by a protester and Ms May has no shortage of enemies on the benches in Brussels who might be willing to cause a scene .
The background to Brexit negotiations appear sto have become increasingly bad-tempered after the stand-still during the latest third round of talks last week .
Shape Created with Sketch . Brexit : the deciders Show all 8 left Created with Sketch . right Created with Sketch . Shape Created with Sketch . Brexit : the deciders 1/8 European Union 's chief Brexit negotiator , Michel Barnier Getty 2/8 French President Emmanuel Macron Getty 3/8 German Chancellor Angela Merkel Reuters 4/8 Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker EPA 5/8 The European Parliament 's chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt Getty 6/8 Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May Getty Images 7/8 Britain 's Chancellor of the Exchequer , Philip Hammond PA 8/8 After the first and second appointed Brexit secretaries resigned ( David Davis and Dominic Raab respectively ) , Stephen Barclay is currently heading up the position PA 1/8 European Union 's chief Brexit negotiator , Michel Barnier Getty 2/8 French President Emmanuel Macron Getty 3/8 German Chancellor Angela Merkel Reuters 4/8 Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker EPA 5/8 The European Parliament 's chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt Getty 6/8 Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May Getty Images 7/8 Britain 's Chancellor of the Exchequer , Philip Hammond PA 8/8 After the first and second appointed Brexit secretaries resigned ( David Davis and Dominic Raab respectively ) , Stephen Barclay is currently heading up the position PA
The European Commission today released meeting minutes from July in which Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called into question Brexit Secretary David Davis 's suitability to lead the British negotiating team .
On Sunday Mr Davis themselves said chief negotiator Michel Barnier looked “ silly ” for claiming there had been no progress in talks , while Mr Barnier themselves has suggested that the British side does not understand the consequences of leaving the single market and EU .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now .
PAICINES , CA—Hoping to encourage more busy professionals to visit America 's scenic natural areas , the Department of Interior announced this week the opening of Pinnacles National Park Express , the first federally designated preserve geared specifically toward business travelers . “ It 's nice to finally have a simple , clean expanse of unspoiled nature where I can just pop in , enjoy looking at a couple of endangered condors , grab a quick breakfast and the day 's paper by a windswept escarpment , and then be on my way , ” said Julia Miles , a Seattle-based business person and a member of the National Park Service 's Majesty Points reward program , which offers frequent guests perks that include exclusive access to panoramic vistas and complimentary Wi-Fi anywhere within the park 's mountainous shrubland ecosystem . “ When I 'm traveling for work and visiting a national park , I want to be able to put together my presentation by a cascading waterfall , or use the business center in Bear Gulch Cave to sit in on a conference call . The cardio room overlooking the breathtaking rock formations is a nice touch , too. ” According to officials , the Interior Department hopes to further cater to business travelers next year by opening Denali National Park and Convention Center , a pristine subarctic protected area featuring more than 4.7 million acres of conference space .
Advertisement
Steve Bannon declares war on the Republican Party , slams Trump . File photo : US President Donald Trump 's former strategist Steve Bannon arriving at Andrews Air Force Base , Maryland , April 9 , 2017 .
Republican senate leadership is firing back at former Trump cheif strategist Steve Bannon after a report surfaced that they have a hit list of incumbents they and 'his allies ' are planning to recruit primary challengers for .
`` I wish they would focus on Democrats instead of Republicans , '' Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the No . 2 Senate Republican , was quoted replying to Bannon in The Hill .
`` It does [ make it harder ] . And it 's not particularly productive . ... We ought to stay focused on the task at hand , '' added John Thune of South Dakota who is the Republican Conference chairperson in the Senate .
The Senate leaders responded after Bannon disparaged their fellow Republicans in a highly anticipated interview with `` 60 Minutes , '' that aired on Sunday night . Bannon warned of a `` civil war '' within the party , claimed Republicans are at risk of losing the House of Representatives in 2018 and even slammed their former boss .
skip - Bannon : McConnell told Trump to back off `` Drain the Swamp '' talk
Bannon : McConnell told Trump to back off `` Drain the Swamp '' talk CBS
Cornyn added that Trump should lay off their criticism of Senate leadership as well saying , `` The president 's going to need as many friendly faces around here as they can get in order to get things done . I realize that bipartisanship is important , but they should n't mistake a smile for support when it really counts . ''
Bannon said during the interview that the firing of FBI Director James Comey may have been the biggest mistake in `` modern political history . ''
The interview aired just hours before CNN reported that `` Bannon and their allies '' are planning to run primary challengers to establishment Republicans during the 2018 general election . The source went as far as disclose Bannon 's hit list : Tennessee Senator Bob Corker , Mississippi Senator Roger Wicker , Alabama Senator Luther Strange , Nevada Senator Dean Heller and Arizona Senator Jeff Flake , the source said
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Bannon confirmed they opposed President Donald Trump 's decision to oust Comey , calling the FBI `` an institution . '' Bannon told CBS that institutions such as the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives can be changed `` if the leadership is changed . '' But they also said the FBI is different .
`` I do n't believe that the institutional logic of the FBI , and particularly in regards to an investigation , could possibly be changed by changing the head of it , '' Bannon said .
The ousted White House adviser also said that if Comey had n't been fired , `` We would not have the Mueller investigation , '' referring to special counsel Robert Mueller .
Bannon also weighed in on Republican infighting over the fate of immigrants brought illegally to the United States as children . Bannon said the issue could be so vitriolic that the party loses control of the U.S. House of Representatives next year .
Bannon , whose far-right views on immigration , climate and trade helped shape Trump 's presidential campaign and their first months in office , was fired by the Republican president last month in a push to end factional fights within the White House .
Trump said last week they would scrap a program called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA , that allowed the young immigrants to live and work in America .
Bannon supported ending the program , which had been put in place by Democratic former President Barack Obama .
Trump gave the Republican-controlled Congress six months to come up with an alternative , saying they would `` revisit this issue '' if lawmakers could not agree .
`` I 'm worried about losing the House now because of this , '' Bannon told CBS .
`` If this goes all the way down to its logical conclusion , in February and March it will be a civil war inside the Republican Party , '' they said . `` And to me , doing that in the springboard of primary season for 2018 is extremely unwise . ''
Republicans are divided over the Dreamers . Some believe they are illegal immigrants who are taking American jobs , while others say they contribute to the country and deserve compassion .
Bannon , who said they left the White House on their own terms , lashed out against `` establishment '' Republicans who have at times grappled with Trump , a real estate celebrity who had never before held elected office .
`` The Republican establishment is trying to nullify the 2016 election , '' Bannon said , saying it was an `` open secret on Capitol Hill '' that many Republicans did not support Trump 's agenda , and singling out Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan for criticism .
`` They do not want Donald Trump 's populist , economic nationalist agenda to be implemented , '' Bannon said .
They called Republican national security officials who had served in the George W. Bush administration `` idiots , '' including former secretaries of state Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell , and former Vice President Dick Cheney .
`` I hold these people in contempt , total and complete contempt , '' Bannon said , blaming them for U.S. trade problems with China and involvement in Iraq .
`` They 're idiots , and they 've gotten us in this situation , and they question a good man like Donald Trump , '' Bannon said .
Illustrated History of SNL Castmembers Injuring Themselves on Podiums While Playing Politicians Named Ford
The New York Post reports that Saturday Night Live star Bobby Moynihan twisted their ankle while playing Toronto 's beloved mayoral crackhead Rob Ford in last Saturday 's cold open . The sketch featured Moynihan diving into a podium at a press conference , like so :
In honour of this incident , here 's Third Beat 's exclusive Illustrated History of SNL Castmembers Injuring Themselves on Podiums While Playing Politicians Named Ford :
Chevy Chase as Gerald Ford :
Chase was portraying the bumbling Ford in a sketch called Debate '76 when they took one of their signature falls over the podium and injured their groin .
( Full video here . )
Chase missed the next two shows due to the injury .
And… those are actually the only ones .
But hey , two in 39 seasons… .
When the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots finally made a pick Friday in the third round of the annual NFL draft , the name called drew some extra applause from fans in central Maine .
With its third round pick — the 83rd overall — the Patriots selected Derek Rivers , a defensive end from Youngstown ( Ohio ) State University who was born in Augusta , Maine . Rivers is the son of Augusta native Mary Leinonen and the grandson of Eino Leinonen , known by many as Mr. Windsor Fair who two years ago was honored for having attended every harness race at the fair since 1967 .
North squad outside linebacker Derek Rivers of Youngstown ( Ohio ) State University lines up for a play during the second half of the Senior Bowl on Jan. 28 at Ladd-Peebles Stadium in Mobile , Alabama . AP photo Eino Leinonen holds up a 1967 Windsor Fair racing program in 2015 at their Nobleboro home . Leinonen 's grandson , Derek Rivers , was selected by the New England Patriots in the third round of the NFL draft . Staff file photo by Joe Phelan Derek Rivers , right , wraps up Northern Iowa quarterback Aaron Bailey during a game last season . Photo courtesy of Youngstown State University Athletics Youngstown State defensive end Derek Rivers , right , hits Jacksonville State quarterback Eli Jenkins during a game last season . Both players will get a shot in the NFL after the Patriots drafted Rivers and the Chargers signed Jenkins . Photo courtesy of Youngstown State University Athletics
Although born in Augusta , Rivers was raised in North Carolina . The 6-foot-4 , 248-pound Rivers attended Kinston ( North Carolina ) High School and Fork Union Military Academy in Fork Union , Virginia , before moving on to Youngstown State .
NFL draft analyst Chad Reuter , in grading the Patriots ' picks , described Rivers as “ an exciting pass rusher with stand-up/hand-down versatility. ” Rivers ' selection comes nearly three months after Super Bowl LI , when the Patriots played among the greatest comeback games in football history by fighting back from a 19-point deficit late in the game to ultimately beat the Atlanta Falcons , 34-28 .
Rivers was unable to comment Monday , a team official said , because Patriots team rules prohibit rookies from speaking with the media until taking part in official team and NFL activities .
“ That will happen sometime this weekend , ” Patriots spokesperson Stacey James said Monday .
Mary Leinonen was with their son Friday when they received the call from the Patriots . The family was holding a draft party in Isle of Palms , South Carolina . Some draft pundits predicted Rivers would go in the second round , but when the second round came and went and their name had not been called , Mary said they saw their son become nervous .
“ The draft is not a fun process , ” Mary Leinonen said in an interview . “ I was hoping they were handling it well . I gave them some time alone . ”
Mary said they joined Derek on an outside patio , where they told them everything would be fine , and patted their son on the back .
Soon after , their phone rang . They watched as they took the call .
“ He whispered to me , ‘ Patriots , ' and I did a little jig , ” they said .
Mother and son went back inside to the party , where they kept their secret and waited a few anxious minutes to see Derek 's draft announcement on television .
At their home in Chelsea , Maine , Sandra Leinonen-Dunn watched the draft and waited for their nephew 's name to be called . Sandra said they knew Derek had visited a number of teams , any one of which could select him .
“ He 'd been all over the country to do these interviews , ” Leinonen-Dunn said . “ When I saw the Patriots , I just started screaming … It was really , truly miraculous . ”
Rivers has visited their family in Maine numerous times over the years . Leinonen-Dunn recalled their nephew enjoying lobster and other seafood . They also enjoyed their winter visits , when they were able to make snowmen , Leinonen-Dunn said .
“ He 's just a decent human being and they see this as a blessing , ” said Leinonen-Dunn , a longtime art teacher at Chelsea Elementary School .
Mary Leinonen added that she 's excited their son will live their dream of being a professional football player .
“ I did n't really care what team they went to . They did n't care , either , they just wanted the chance , ” they said . “ The Patriots was a nice surprise . I went to a ( Patriots ) game when I was 7 and Steve Grogan was the quarterback . ”
Mary said their father , Eino Leinonen , is a lifelong football fan and is excited their grandson 's professional career will begin with the Patriots . “ He is thrilled . They act like they knew it all along , ” they said .
Rivers was the third player drafted from a Football Championship Subdivision school — formerly Division I-AA — behind Tanoh Kpassagnon , a defensive end from Villanova who went to the Kansas City Chiefs with the 59th pick , and Cooper Kupp , a wide receiver from Eastern Washington selected by the Los Angeles Rams with the 69th pick .
Players from any college are eligible for the annual NFL draft , although underclassmen must be three years removed from high school graduation and forgo their remaining collegiate eligibility when they hire an agent and declare themselves available for the league selection .
As a senior last fall , Rivers helped Youngstown State reach the FCS national championship game , where the Penguins lost to James Madison University . Rivers had 58 tackles and 15 sacks last season . They leaf Youngstown State with the team 's career sack record ( 41 ) and tackles for a loss ( 56.5 ) .
Rivers had 173 tackles in 49 collegiate games . They were a three-time first team all-Missouri Valley Conference selection and named to the Associated Press FCS All-America second team as a senior .
The Patriots will hold rookie mini-camp beginning this weekend at Gillette Stadium , where un-drafted free agents and draft picks will work out for three days . Organized team activities will follow later in May before mandatory mini-camp in June .
Leinonen-Dunn said she 's eager to follow the next step of Rivers ' football career .
“ I went down to see them play in North Carolina and Ohio , ” Leinonen-Dunn said . “ I 'm very excited to see them play in Boston . ”
Travis Lazarczyk — 861-9242
[ email protected ]
Twitter : @ TLazarczykMTM
Share
Former Arkansas Gov . Mike Huckabee talked about important topics like a potential White House bid and the Duck Dynasty controversy on Fox News Sunday . On 2016 , Huckabee said he 'll have to make a `` decision of the heart , '' weighing whether or not they should run . He 's not sure quite yet . On Duck Dynasty 's Phil Robertson , Huckabee stood by the embattled southerner , who Huckabee says is the victim of `` a new level of bullying '' from gay rights advocates . “ Homosexuality is no more sinful to a Christian than pride ” Huckabee said , arguing that all sins carry equal weight . “ We 're all sinners — none of us are perfect , ” they said .
Rep. Mike Rogers told ABC 's This Week that Edward Snowden committed treason by asking for asylum in Brazil while defending the NSA surveillance program . Rogers , who is also the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee , said the White House report urging surveillance reform at least made the case that the agency 's tactics tactics are legal . But the recommendations had one major flaw , they said : private companies should not hold user data . `` I think it opens it up to more privacy violations when the company holds it , '' Rogers said . `` These are business records , not private records of content , so they 're not listening to phone calls . '' On Snowden , they accused the former contractor of treason for seeking asylum in Brazil . `` I do think they should come home — I would personally pay for their plane ticket — and be held accountable for their actions , '' Rogers said . `` He has contacted a foreign country and said I would sell you classified information for something of value ... We call that treason , and I think that letter very clearly lays out who this gentleman is and what their intentions are clearly . '' Snowden offered to protect Brazil from NSA spying . They did not , in fact , offer to sell them state secrets .
Sen. Mark Udall wants the President to adopt all of the recommendations in the report on surveillance reform , including the one Mike Rogers hates . `` There are many , many important reforms , '' they said on This Week . `` It 's time to have real reform , not a veneer of reform . '' Udall still thinks NSA spying violates the constitution . `` It does n't fit the standard in the Fourth Amendment of unreasonable search and seizure , '' they said . `` There has been no abuse , but the potential for abuse is always there , and Americans have always aired on the side of privacy . '' But Udall does think Snowden should return to the U.S. and fight a battle in court . `` He broke their oath ; they broke the law ; make the case that somehow there was a higher purpose here , '' Udall said .
Sen. Chuck Schumer still wants sanctions against Iran even though the President promised to veto any Senate bill so negotiations with the country would continue running relatively smoothly . `` The Iranians did n't come to the table out of the goodness of their heart , '' they said on Meet the Press . Schumer wants sanctions to kick in after six months , when the current good faith deal with Iranians expires , if the country does n't abandon their nuclear program . `` The bottom line is very simple ; it 's pretty logical that it 's sanctions , tough sanctions , that brought them to the table , '' Schumer said . `` I think that will make them negotiate and give up more . ''
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
The ancient ritual of 'famadihanaf , or turning of the bones , sees relatives dig up their dead loved ones , have the deceased 's body rewrapped and paraded through the streets while dancing iwith them .
And the macabre ritual is now being blamed for the rise and spread of BLACK DEATH plague across the nation .
So far the twin horrors of bubonic plague and pneumonic pague have infected more than 1,500 - and the figure is growing .
In the 14th century the Black Death spread across the Mediterranean and Europe , killing up to 60 percent of Europe 's total population .
More than 100 MILLION may have perished - reducing the world population from an estimated 450 million down to 350–375 million .
Madagascar , is an island nation off the coast of south-east Africa .
The plague has spread from the Ankazobe District , where the outbreak originated , into the capital of Antananarivo and the port city of Toamasina .
Bubonic plague which is spread by fleas and was responsible for one of the deadliest pandemics in human history .
But officials are looking to stop the rapid spreading of the disease , which has a 100 per cent fatality rate if not treated , and have told residents to stop practicing the ritual of ‘ famadihana ' .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history prompted calls on Sunday by some members of Congress for legislation to tighten control of weapons sales , although there were slim hopes for much change after 50 people were killed at a gay nightclub in Florida .
Handguns are seen for sale in a display case at Metro Shooting Supplies in Bridgeton , Missouri , November 13 , 2014 . REUTERS/Jim Young
Democratic Senator Robert Casey said they would announce a bill on Monday that would ban anyone convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime from owning a firearm .
Under current law , those with felony convictions are prohibited from buying or possessing a gun , but those convicted of misdemeanor hate crimes are not .
Casey planned to make the announcement in their home state of Pennsylvania after a meeting with members of Pittsburgh 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community .
Lawmakers , including some Republicans , have sought some gun restrictions after earlier mass shootings , but even minor changes failed to gain enough support to become law . Backed by the powerful gun lobby , many members of Congress see controls of weapons sales as a threat to Americans ' constitutional rights .
Other Democrats also called for Congress to act after Sunday 's attack in Orlando , some in strong terms .
Richard Durbin of Illinois , the No . 2 Senate Democrat , said the killings would prompt debate but not action . “ The bottom line is that we allow dangerous people to buy guns in America and that has got to change , ” they said .
Democratic Senator Chris Murphy said the “ epidemic ” of gun violence would continue if Congress does not act and also said lawmakers shared responsibility .
“ Congress has become complicit in these murders by its total , unconscionable deafening silence , ” they said in a statement . “ This does n't have to happen but this epidemic will continue without end if Congress continues to sit on its hands and do nothing – again . ”
A gunman killed 20 children and six staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown in Murphy 's home state , Connecticut , in 2012 .
Related Coverage Assault rifle used in Florida shooting drives gun control debate
The suspected Orlando attacker , identified as Omar Mateen , 29 , a U.S. citizen who was the son of immigrants from Afghanistan , was carrying an AR-15 style assault rifle and a handgun , authorities said . The shooter in Newtown also had an AR-15 .
Many Republicans , including the presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump , focused on the threat from Islamist militants after the shooting , citing reports that Mateen was inspired by Islamic State .
The FBI said Mateen had twice been interviewed after making comments to co-workers indicating they supported militant groups , but neither led to evidence of criminal activity .
( Permanent Musical Accompaniment To This Post )
Being our semi-regular weekly survey of what 's goin ' down in the several states where , as we know , the real work of governmentin ' gets done , and where dogs run free , so why not we ?
We begin in Illinois , where , once again , we learned that pipelines do n't always leak , sometimes they go boom , too . From The Chicago Tribune :
Officials on Wednesday said 59-year-old father Rory Miller of Amboy and 30-year-old son Ryan Miller of Oregon died in Tuesday morning 's explosion near Nachusa . Lee County Coroner Jesse Partington said autopsies were performed Wednesday morning but official causes of death were pending pathology results . Meanwhile , Sauk Valley Media reports that the National Transportation Safety Board and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration are investigating the explosion .
The Lee County Sheriff 's Office said two others were injured , including 20-year-old Michael Koster of Sterling . He 's in critical condition at a Rockford hospital . Another man was treated and released . Officials say the explosion happened after the pipeline was struck by a tractor .
Meanwhile , from KOAT in New Mexico , we learn that you do n't necessarily need a tractor to make one go boom .
New Mexico State Police say a natural gas pipeline exploded early Wednesday morning . They confirmed the pipe is owned by Houston Based Company -- Enterprise Products . The natural gas in the pipeline was headed to the enterprise products facility , which is located a quarter mile from the explosion . Police confirmed 1.5 million cubic feet of natural gas was lost in the explosion . The pipe is now on its way to a forensics lab to determine what caused it to explode . Enterprise shut down the pipeline and the fire burned out six hours later .
But they do leak , too , and the leak in the Keystone pipeline last month in South Dakota continues to resonate . First of all , and certainly of interest to the people fighting against the Keystone XL pipeline in Nebraska , the Argus-Leader reports that it looks like a “ construction problem ” may have caused the massive spill .
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration issued a corrective action report Tuesday on the estimated 210,000-gallon oil spill . The report says a weight installed on the pipeline nearly a decade ago may have damaged the pipeline and coating . According to the report , weights are placed on the pipeline in areas `` where water could potentially result in buoyancy concerns . ''
The new Keystone spill also has caused a judge to look more closely at the Dakota Access pipeline , which was at the center of mass protest last year . From The Hill :
U.S. District Court Judge James Boasberg ordered Dakota Access operators to coordinate an oil spill response plan with federal and tribal officials near Lake Oahe in North Dakota , conduct a third-party audit of the pipeline 's compliance with federal and state regulations , and produce bi-monthly reports on the pipeline 's operations . Boasberg said the public has “ an interest in ensuring the status quo at Lake Oahe is preserved ” while the 1,170 mile , 570,000 barrels per day pipeline undergoes the new environmental review .
Dakota Access argued the court does n't have the authority to impose those conditions , and said previous government approvals of the pipeline are sufficient to ensure its safety . Boasberg disagreed , saying the new conditions are “ means by which the court can gather information about the risks posed by the pipeline … and can ensure that the status quo is preserved for both sides. ” They specifically raised last month 's Keystone pipeline oil spill in South Dakota , where the pipeline leaked 5,000 barrels of oil .
By all means , let 's run these bad boys through our national parks , too . And , while we 're at it , let 's make sure New Hampshire does n't get too giddy with this alternative energy stuff . From ThinkProgress :
In a new report , Strata Policy — a pro-fossil fuel think tank based in Logan , Utah , that receives funding from the Kochs — recommends that New Hampshire lawmakers change the state 's renewable portfolio standard ( RPS ) from a mandate to a voluntary goal for electricity providers , a move that would put the brakes on efforts to develop renewable energy technologies and reduce the state 's carbon footprint . As part of its pro-fossil fuel agenda , Americans for Prosperity , a right-wing group also funded by the Kochs , is pushing for changes to New Hampshire 's participation in the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ( RGGI ) , a multi-state carbon trading program .
Remember , the Kochs are only interested in affecting national politics and policies . Also , federalism !
We skip on over to Iowa , where we meet Charlie Smithson , the clerk of that state 's senate . A while back , Charlie was put in charge of investigating charges of sexual harassment within the Republican caucus in the state senate . As Bleeding Heartland informs us , Charlie then gave a speech that raised doubts about whether they really are the man for that job .
Both in the House and in the Senate it 's never been an issue for the elected person . It 's been the clerk . A lot of the clerks you get are younger , and unfortunately , sometimes the females wear some stuff that kind of drew some attention . And so part of my job is to go to the member and say , “ Hey , you might want to tell your clerk to wear something different . Some of our older male members are starting to sweat a little bit , right ? OK ? You know what I mean ? ”
I am not going anywhere near a joke . You ca n't make me .
And we conclude , as is our wont , in the great state of Oklahoma , where , courtesy of Non Doc , Blog Official Holiday Jingler Friedman of the Plains brings us the tangled tale of Ralph Shortey , legislator and all-around Christian proselytizer . And their T-shirt .
Police body cam video published today by Oklahoma City Fox 25 reporter Caroline Vandergriff on Twitter appears to show then-Sen. Ralph Shortey wearing a T-shirt featuring the Bible verse “ Ephesians 5:22 ” when they were confronted in a Moore motel room with a 17-year-old boy . Shortey pleaded guilty Thursday to child sex trafficking and is awaiting sentencing . The shirt appears to note Ephesians 5:22 , a part of the New Testament that calls for a wife to “ submit ” themselves to their husband… Shortey 's shirt features a large , cartoonish sandwich and an indecipherable line of text below the image . In popular culture and even theological discussions , the Bible verse has been referenced in conjunction with a joke about a man telling their wife , “ Make me a sandwich . ”
And how did Ralph make it into the state senate ? Glad you asked .
Shortey was first elected to OKC 's State Senate District 44 as a Republican in 2010 after Democratic Sen. Debbe Leftwich announced they would not seek re-election . A judge ultimately found Leftwich guilty of accepting a bribe — to fill a newly created state position — in exchange for not seeking office . Then-Rep. Randy Terrill of Moore was also found guilty in the scheme . They served prison time , while Leftwich 's sentence was deferred .
Note to ambitious Oklahoma pols : do not run in District 44 . There 's an ancient curse on that seat .
This is your democracy , America . Cherish it .
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page .
A 20-year-old Winnipeg man has been charged with attempted murder after another man was attacked twice at a downtown parking lot on Monday night .
It happened in the 300 block of Ellice Avenue at around 10 p.m. , police said .
`` For reasons unknown , an intoxicated 20-year-old male confronted a 23-year-old male while in a nearby parking lot and proceeded to assault them in the upper body causing serious injuries , '' police said in a news release Tuesday .
Police said the suspect left the victim behind and tried to go back to a hotel in the area , but they are n't allowed in because they were intoxicated , so they allegedly went back to the victim and attacked them again .
It was at the time of the second attack that emergency crews were called . The victim was taken to hospital and the suspect was arrested at the scene .
The day began with pageantry as Gabe welcomed everyone to The International . Teams were introduced , videos shown , and then there was lightning inside of Benaroya Hall .
Within the first 5 minutes of the opening game between Na'Vi and Orange , there were seven kills . From that explosive beginning , Orange went on to dominate Na'Vi in the first game , but that domination was short lived . Na'Vi came charging back and took two straight .
That sent Na'Vi into the final six and guaranteed prize money . Orange was sent down into the lower bracket where they faced Dignitas in a single game for elimination .
Dignitas earned that spot by beating wildcard entry RattleSnake . The game was a slow burn slug fest that had Dignitas pushing RS back on their heels mid game and leaving them never able to counter . With that loss , RattleSnake was out of the the tournament .
Orange did n't take their earlier loss lightly and came back strong against Dignitas . The exciting match ended with Dignitas being overwhelmed by Orange led by Mushi . With that loss , Dignitas will watch the remainder of The International from the sideline . Orange will continue their International .
TongFu Vs Fnatic was the second upper bracket match . TongFu followed Orange 's lead and dominated Fnatic in the first game . While it briefly looked like Fnatic would be able to duplicate Na'Vi 's comeback in the second game , they lost it in the late game and TongFu was victorious . That moved them into the top 6 and a break until Friday .
Fnatic was sent into a single elimination match against LGD.int .
LGD.int won their first elimination game against Mouz . That game went quickly towards LGD.int and Mouz valiantly fought back but just was n't able to mount a counter attack .
With that loss , Mouz left the International
Fnatic vs LGD.int was the last regular game of the evening . Fnatic took early control of the match and never gave it up . LGD.int was eliminated and Fnatic moved on .
This means both of the losers of their upper bracket games were able to move on by defeating the winners of their lower bracket games .
Because 10 hours of Dota 2 is never enough , we ended the evening with an all-star match . Who won ? We all won . What did we win ? Awesome fun to watch Dota 2 . Watch the replay , check our Instagram and Flickr feeds for a ton of photos .
Thanks to every person who bought a Compendium or who watches\plays Dota 2 . Today exists because you made it exist . Thank you so much and we will see you tomorrow with the doors at Benaroya Hall opening at 11am and the show starting at 12 noon PST .
Executive Summary
American workers have done better than influential doomsayers claim . A historical review of labor 's share of economic output makes clear that U.S. workers continue to receive the same portion of the economic pie as they always have .
Key Findings
Between 1973 and 2007 , at comparable points in the business cycle , hourly compensation rose at almost precisely the same rate as productivity .
In 1973 , U.S. workers received 70 percent of the income produced by businesses ; in 2007 , they received 69 percent .
Middle-class pay has not stagnated : during 1997–2011 , productivity rose by 35 percent , aggregate compensation rose by 32 percent , median hourly compensation increased by 20 percent , median female pay climbed by 25 percent , and median male pay grew by 18 percent .
READ FULL REPORT
______________________
Return to the Manhattan Institute 's Issues 2016 series
This vulnerability effects Winrar v4.20 and others could be affected . A few days ago I read this post : WinRar File extension spoofing ( 0DAY ) . Here , the author describes for example , how to create a ZIP file with a file inside it which has a JPG extension but when it is opened directly from WinRar , an EXE file is executed.This vulnerability effects Winrar v4.20 and others could be affected .
In this post , we will create a `` .bat '' file which will execute a ping command against a Google server ( you should think about doing evil actions ... ) , it will be compressed in a ZIP format and using the Hex Editor , we will change the extension to a `` .pdf '' within the compressed file . When the user opens it , a `` .bat '' file will be executed instead of opening the `` fake '' PDF .
Create the `` .bat '' file . You are able to use `` .vbs '' , `` .exe '' or whatever ... A hacker would use their own malware ... In our proof of concept I 've used a `` .bat '' file with the name `` Best Security Tools 2014.bat '' .
Compress the file in a ZIP file using WinRar .
We can see our file with the extension '' .bat '' inside the ZIP file .
If you open the the ZIP file with XVI32 you will see the name of the file twice inside the compressed file .
Now , we need to change the second one . I 've renamed the file to `` .pdf '' and I 've saved it .
If we open the ZIP file again , we can see a file with a PDF format ...
... but if we open it directly from the Winrar , the .bat file is executed ...
But if you uncompress the file into a folder , you will see the real file `` Best Security Tools 2014.bat '' instead of the `` fake '' file `` Best Security Tools 2014.pdf '' .
So , I think there is nothing more to say about the capabilities this technique has . Imagine mixing this technique with the one used in the Siesta Campaign ...
These are the steps to follow .
Negotiations will continue until Friday .
As we posted days ago , the airline , Air Berlin went into bankruptcy in August and will cease operating on 28 October .
At the moment it is negotiating with the German airline Lufthansa and the British EasyJet for the purchase . Carsten Spohr , executive director of Lufthansa , said the Rheinische Post : “ We will see a milestone in the history of Lufthansa and Air Berlin today ” .
Lufthansa will acquire Air Berlin 's leisure unit Niki , its regional airline LG Walter and some additional short-range aircraft , according to Reuters .
It is expected that before the end of the year , the agreement will receive the approval of the European Union , which will allow it to stabilize operations within the next 7 or 9 months .
Lufthansa shares rose more than 3 % , marking significant optimism after the news was known .
The negotiations will be extended until Friday .
VANCOUVER - The night before a violent confrontation between Israeli soldiers and activists headed for the blockaded Gaza Strip was a tense and sleepless one , says a Canadian activist who was on board . Rifat Audeh , one of three Canadians detained during the raid off the Gaza coast , told The Canadian Press that they 'd heard reports Israeli forces might try and “ attack ” the convoy . Nine people died in the confrontation . The 37-year-old resident of St. Catharines , Ont. , said they were near the cabin of the Mavi Marmara early Monday morning when they heard the first shots ring out . “ They started shooting at the ship itself for no reason whatsoever , ” they said in a telephone interview Wednesday from Amman , Jordan , where they arrived after being released by Israeli authorities . “ We 're a humanitarian ship , we were unarmed , we 're all civilians , we had no weapons onboard. ” They described a scene of chaos , as activists raced back and forth to help dozens of wounded .
Article Continued Below
Audeh said they watched helplessly as a man standing six or seven metres away from them died after a bullet ripped through their neck . “ Had I tried to move towards him , I definitely would have been shot , ” they said . Audeh said the nightmare did n't end when the bullets stopped flying .
In Israeli custody , they said they and a number of activists were beaten , and were prevented from communicating with the outside world or even using the bathroom . “ We were just heading in there ( to the Gaza Strip ) , we wanted to deliver these supplies , ” they said . “ No one in the world really knows why Israel did what they did. ” Video released of the incident by the Israeli government appears to show some activists acting violently towards soldiers . Israeli officials have said the footage proves its soldiers acted in self-defence , but Audeh disagreed . They pointed out that the raid occurred outside Israel 's territorial waters .
Article Continued Below
“ It was an act of piracy , ” they said . “ A while ” after the first shots rang out , Audeh said , the captain came on over the loudspeaker and urged those who could return to the cabin area to do so . They did . “ I was beaten by the soldiers . They tied my hands behind my back , put a blindfold on me , threw me on the ground , ” they said . “ I thought they were actually going to break my arms and legs while they were doing this because it was very violent. ” When they were finally taken off the ship , the day after the altercation , they said the detainees were stripped of their passports and personal belongings , including cameras . “ They confiscated everything and then they took us to jail after that , ” they said . “ They cut us off from the outside world . We could n't call a lawyer , our families , we could n't call anybody . Nobody knew whether we were dead or alive until we were finally released ( Tuesday ) . ” Audeh made their way to Jordan , where he 's staying with their parents who call Amman home . They said they do n't know when he 'll return to Canada . If another convoy leaves for Gaza , they intend to be on it . All of the nearly 700 activists , including the two other Canadians , were expected to be deported from Israel by the end of Wednesday , the Israeli government said . Audeh identified the other Canadians as Kevin Neish , of Victoria , and Farooq Burney . Audeh said they actually had a brief chat with both their fellow Canadians . “ We were happy to find each other on the ship , ” they said . The Department of Foreign Affairs has not named any of the Canadians , citing privacy laws . Foreign Affairs did say Wednesday the other two Canadians have been transported to the airport by Israeli authorities and will make their way to Turkey , before travelling to their final destinations . Neish 's brother Steve said Wednesday their sibling was waiting for a flight out of Israel Wednesday afternoon . It was unclear when exactly he 'd arrive back in Victoria . Burney is the director of Qatar-based Al-Fakhoora , a group dedicated to promoting freedom of learning for students in Gaza and the West Bank . Al-Fakhoora posted a statement on its website saying Burney intended to deliver computers to university students in Gaza . It said they are now en route to Istanbul and will shortly return to Qatar . “ We are all relieved to hear the news that our director , Farooq , is safe and will soon be back in Doha , ” Al-Fakhoora chair Jacqueline O'Rourke said . “ It has been an extremely worrying few days for us and Farooq 's family , with no news . ”
Read more about :
ANALYSIS/OPINION :
President Obama wants to put the Internet firmly under their control . They announced Monday that they would apply to the Internet centralized rules written for the age of the telegraph . For the Internet 's own good , of course .
“ Net neutrality , ” says Mr. Obama , will preserve “ a free and open Internet. ” The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) will apply endless spools of red tape to the Internet , pulling tightly until the Internet is “ more free. ” Net neutrality sounds good , until you see that “ neutrality ” is just another government abuse of language . It 's not neutral at all .
“ To put these protections in place , ” the president says , “ I 'm asking the FCC to reclassify Internet service under Title II of a law known as the Telecommunications Act . In plain English , I 'm asking them to recognize that for most Americans , the Internet has become an essential part of everyday communication and everyday life. ” That much is true , but the president does n't want to leave it alone .
Democrats recoil at the idea of life without the scrutiny , regulation and taxation of government . Telephone service serves as the model of a highly regulated utility , and the administration proposes that everyone pretend that getting information on the World Wide Web is no different from dialing grandma on a landline . Internet companies , they say , must fall under the thumb of regulators as if they were public utilities or common carriers .
This is already prohibited by law . Through the Telecommunications Act , Congress has explicitly rejected attempts to regulate the Internet . In January , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C . Circuit rebuked Julius Genachowski , Mr. Obama 's previous FCC chairperson , for attempting to do what Mr. Obama proposes to do now , saying it was “ obvious ” that the FCC would “ violate the Communications Act were it to regulate broadband providers as common carriers . ”
Democrats and Republicans were emphatic in 1996 in exempting the Internet from regulation — the final bill passed 414 to 16 in the House and 91 to 5 in the Senate . The legislators anticipated that one day there would be bureaucrats knocking on the Internet 's door , saying , “ We 're from the government , and we 're here to help. ” The Internet , a wondrous invention that has indeed changed everyone 's lives , owes its success to having never answered that door . Google , which started as an online search engine , is so profitable now that it sits on $ 50 billion . That 's a lot of cash . Google needs no “ help . ”
Mr. Obama is more interested in getting their hands on those billions than in protecting online content . If the Internet is subject to FCC regulation , the next step would apply the Universal Service Fund regulations . These regulations tax cellphone service so that the administration can give away Obamaphones . Taxing the Internet would introduce many more wealth-redistribution schemes .
Tom Wheeler , the current chairperson of the FCC , is also trying to apply antiquated television rules to online video services . Their scheme would designate one type of streaming service as “ multichannel video programming distributors , ” or MVPDs , which subjects them to “ must-carry ” rules and regulations . It 's an effort to enable Aereo , an online television company , to overcome a Supreme Court ruling that its business model is a violation of copyright law .
Taxes and regulations wo n't “ save ” the Internet . Complaints about the quality of broadband service derive from the government-granted monopoly status given to cable franchises . Cities and counties scare away potential competitors by charging outrageous fees for companies to lay new cables to take on the local cable provider , which has cut deals with local government officials .
Cable companies can ignore the complaints because customers often have no other options . The best opportunity for reform would be to eliminate such cable-franchise arrangements and the artificial monopolies that government “ help ” has created .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A radio news presenter has accidentally announced the death of David Cameron - instead of David Bowie .
Fiona Winchester was reading the news for Heart FM Radio earlier this morning when they made the embarrassing gaffe .
They start : `` David Cameron has died , '' before quickly correcting themselves and replacing the Prime Minister 's name with David Bowie .
And it was n't long before Twitter picked up on the mistake .
One social media user wrote : `` Very smooth from the radio news lady . ' David Cameron died , David Bowie , I mean David Bowie . ''
Another added : `` Lassie on Heart FM just read out the news and said ' David Cameron has died ' instead of Bowie . ''
The Prime Minister has already tweeted about the death of the music legend , writing : `` I grew up listening to and watching the pop genius David Bowie .
`` He was a master of re-invention , who kept getting it right . A huge loss . ''
The official news of Bowie 's death was posted on their official social media account their morning .
A short statement read : `` David Bowie died peacefully today surrounded by their family after a courageous 18 month battle with cancer .
`` While many of you will share in this loss , we ask that you respect the family 's privacy during their time of grief . ''
Leave your tributes for David Bowie here .
( Image : REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth )
David 's son , film director Duncan Jones , 44 , also confirmed the news via Twitter .
Underneath a touching picture of themselves as a toddler being carried by their famous father , they wrote : `` Very sorry and sad to say it 's true . I 'll be offline for a while . Love to all . ''
Mirror Online contacted David 's spokesperson for comment and they sadly also confirmed the news .
David 's supermodel wife Iman is yet to comment on the heartbreaking news , however , yesterday they shared a cryptic post reading : `` The struggle is real , but so is God . ''
( Image : Rex )
The couple , who have 15-year-old daughter Alexandria together , have been married since 1992 .
Prior to this relationship , the rocker was married from 1970-1980 to Angie Bowie , who is currently living in the Celebrity Big Brother house and has been speaking openly about their time together .
Read more : David Bowie life in pictures : From Davy Jones to Ziggy Stardust as singer dies aged 69
While David 's personal life has often made national headlines , they are and will always be best known for their iconic contribution to music .
Born David Robert , the singer decided to embrace a stage a name just before the release of their debut record Man of Words , Man of Music in 1967 , renaming themselves after 19th Century American frontiersman Jim Bowie and the knife they made famous .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Shortly afterwards , they met their first wife Angie , who was working at their record label . The pair hit it off instantly and they went on to have a huge impact on their career , even helping to create their alter-ego Ziggy Stardust .
In 1972 , an appearance on Top Of The Pops embedded their Ziggy Stardust person and rocketed their level of fame .
Opening up about how they created the character , they explained : `` Offstage I 'm a robot . Onstage I achieve emotion . It 's probably why I prefer dressing up as Ziggy to being David . ''
( Image : Rex )
David went on to record 27 studio albums , eight live albums and ten compilation albums .
They said they were gay in an interview in the Melody Maker newspaper in 1972 , coinciding with the launch of their androgynous persona , with red lightning bolt across their face and flamboyant clothes .
Read more : David Bowie 's secret cancer battle : Last picture shows rocker looking gaunt but well
They told Playboy four years later they were bisexual , but in the eighties they told Rolling Stone magazine that the declaration was `` the biggest mistake I ever made '' , and they were `` always a closet heterosexual '' .
The excesses of a hedonistic life of the real rock star was taking its toll .
In a reference to their prodigious appetite for cocaine , they said : `` I blew my nose one day in California . And half my brains came out . Something had to be done . ''
Bowie kept a low profile after undergoing emergency heart surgery in 2004 but marked their 69th birthday on Friday with the release of a new album , Blackstar , with critics giving the thumbs up to the latest work in a long and innovative career .
This fall marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy . There are all sorts of events planned in Dallas , and there will undoubtedly be tons of coverage memorializing the tragic event . You can watch these things on TV and cry , or ... you can honor JFK by wearing the same fragrance they did . The story behind Kennedy 's favorite fragrance is fascinating -- and the scent has just been re-released for the first time in 60 years .
This fall marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy . There are all sorts of events planned in Dallas , and there will undoubtedly be tons of coverage memorializing the tragic event . You can watch these things on TV and cry , or ... you can honor JFK by wearing the same fragrance they did .
Last winter I attended the Elements Fragrance Showcase , where I discovered Kennedy 's fragrance , Eight & Bob , among all the other cool indie perfumes . ( If you love off-the-beaten path fragrances , you can attend the next Elements Showcase in NYC August 19 and 20 . Free samples ! Meet perfumers ! )
This fragrance has the best backstory I 've ever heard : In 1937 , when Kennedy was a college student , they toured France . While there , they did what any red-blooded American male does while on summer vacation on the French Riviera : They struck up a conversation with a strange Frenchman about the fragrance they were wearing . Turns out that the delicious-smelling Frenchman , Albert Fouquet , liked to dabble in perfume-making . According to Eight & Bob lore , Fouquet left a fragrance sample at JFK 's hotel with a note that said , `` In this jar , you will find the dash of French glamour that your American personality lacks . '' Burn .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
When Kennedy got back to the States , they sent Fouquet a letter saying that all their friends back home loved the fragrance , and asked the perfumer to send eight samples and `` if your production allows , another one for Bob . '' ( Bob , of course , is Kennedy 's baby brother , Robert Kennedy . ) Fouquet complied , and labeled the samples `` Eight & Bob , '' and a brand was born .
Apparently Kennedy 's dad , Joe , passed out samples to some of their Hollywood friends , because requests from Hollywood nobility of the time -- like Cary Grant and James Stewart -- started rolling in . Then in 1939 , Fouquet died in a car accident . However , Philippe , the Fouquet family butler , had often assisted Fouquet in their perfume-making , so they took over the orders . When World War II started , Philippe hid the bottles inside books that they cut by hand so that the Nazis would n't seize it . After the war , Philippe never made the perfume again . ( And here it 's a little fuzzy about what exactly happened to Philippe after WWII . )
Philippe 's family recovered the formula and production process , and Eight & Bob hit the market again just last year , for the first time in over 60 years . It 's currently sold all over the world , and is exclusive to Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman here in the US . The ingredients are a mystery , and that 's how the family wants it to be . The only thing we know for sure is that it contains extracts of the `` Andrea '' plant , which is a nickname Fouquet gave to the plant when they discovered it on a trip to Chile . It can only be harvested in December and January , and only 7 % of the harvest is usable , so that limits how much fragrance can be made . Perfume connoisseurs have identified the scent as a `` woody vanilla , '' and it 's definitely a unisex scent . `` It smells very much like 1940 . It 's dapper , '' a brand rep told me , and this is accurate . I 've been wearing it the last few days and it smells classy and , well , rich .
The perfume comes in one size for $ 195 , and it 's sold in a hardcover book that contains novel-quality paper . Inside , the book has been cut out and the bottle placed in there as a nod to Philippe 's clever Nazi-outsmarting packaging technique . The perfume has just won two Cosmetic Innovators of the Year awards , and will have wider distribution in the US this fall .
The story sounds fantastical , but the Kennedy family has never confirmed or denied it , so I 'm going with it . Forget about Lady Gaga and Katy Perry -- would n't you rather smell like a Kennedy ?
Image copyright AFP Image caption Some 71 % of the more than a million eligible voters cast their ballots on Tuesday
There has been a high voter turnout in the first round of polls in Jammu and Kashmir , where Indian PM Narendra Modi 's BJP is trying to win power for the first time .
Some 71 % of the more than a million eligible voters cast their ballots for 15 seats on Tuesday , authorities said .
Separatist hardliners had called for a boycott of the vote .
Voting for the Muslim-majority state 's 87-seat assembly is being held in five phases with results due on 23 December .
Senior election official Vinod Zutshi told reporters that Tuesday 's turnout was `` probably the highest '' recorded in the state . No incident of violence was reported .
The seats recorded a 61 % turnout of voters in the last elections in 2008 .
Analysts say the high turnout this time round is significant , as the hardliners ' call for a boycott could help the BJP .
Hindus are a minority in Kashmir , but their votes become crucial if Muslims stay at home in protest on polling day .
`` Yes I voted , because votes count and a boycott does n't , '' government worker Bashir Mohammed told the AFP news agency .
The reasons for the high turnout is not yet clear - some analysts claim that Muslim voters have come out in larger numbers to stop the BJP from winning , while others say the high turnout could be simply seen as a vote for change , which could end up helping the opposition People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) .
Two regional parties dominate politics in Indian-administered Kashmir - the governing National Conference and the PDP .
The BJP has never been a serious player and it has a non-existent base in the Muslim-dominated Kashmir Valley , given its hardline views on the state 's tenuous relationship with India , correspondents say .
But under Mr Modi , who swept to power in the May general elections , the BJP is making an attempt to capture the state .
The San Francisco Planning Commission narrowly rejected a proposed ban on chain stores on Polk Street on Thursday , with the majority arguing that the legislation was too broad and could have unintended consequences .
Instead , the majority of planning commissioners said that , rather than an outright ban , the current zoning should be amended to let in some desirable formula retail establishments while raising the bar for those opposed by the majority of residents .
“ This is a solution looking for a problem , ” said Commissioner Michael Antonini , who voted against the ban with three other commissioners in the 4-3 vote . “ We 've only had three applications ( for formula retail businesses ) since 2011 . We approved two of them and rejected one . There has not been a glut of formula retail applications despite a glut of vacancies in the neighborhood . ”
Fear of more empty stores
Supervisor Aaron Peskin introduced the formula retail legislation in February as a way to block a proposed Whole Foods 365 grocery store , which has filed an application to occupy the former Lombardi Sports store at Polk and Jackson streets . Peskin says they want to preserve the mom-and-pop character of Polk Street 's business corridor and that they would rather see housing built there , which the property owner had originally intended to do . Last month , however , Peskin agreed to exempt the Whole Foods store , allowing the store instead to have a separate conditional-use hearing .
After the commission 's recommendation , they formula retail ban will go before the Board of Supervisors next .
Still , with almost 50 residents and business owners weighing in on the ban , the debate at the Planning Commission frequently became a referendum on the grocery store . The majority of the 30 residents at the meeting who said they oppose the ban gave the desirability of the grocery chain as a reason to do so .
Citing the Whole Foods project , Russian Hill resident Richard Cardello said the ban was “ hastily proposed to stop a single project that the community wants. ” Another resident , Sarah Taber , said “ there are a lot of empty stores on Polk Street . I 'm afraid this would make it worse . ”
Emily Harrold , president of Russian Hill Neighbors , said that while they support many local businesses along Polk Street , chain stores offer affordable goods that make living in expensive San Francisco possible . They said they did a cost comparison between Whole Foods 365 brands and products at Real Foods , currently the largest grocer on Polk Street , and found that the larger chain was 70 percent less expensive . Other chains were similar , they said .
“ Baby formula is 23 percent higher at the corner store than it is at Walgreens , ” they said , adding that excluding mass market chains with cheaper products “ ensures that only those at the highest level of disposable income will remain in San Francisco . ”
‘ Van Ness is a freeway '
But others argued that allowing formula retail stores onto a commercial strip fuels commercial rent hikes , strips neighborhoods of its character , and undermines existing businesses .
Mike Priolo , a representative of the 50-year-old Jug Shop at Polk and Pacific , said their business has survived the arrival of BevMo on Van Ness Avenue and the Whole Foods at Franklin and California streets , but that Whole Foods could put them out of business .
“ Any further proliferation ( of chains ) could and would be devastating to the Jug Shop , ” they said .
Chris Schulman of Lower Polk Neighbors said that with a dozen large housing projects coming to the neighborhood , it is an important time to close the door on chain stores , which tend to be able to afford the higher rents and build-out costs that come with new development .
Neighbors “ do n't want to see Polk Street homogenized , ” they said , adding that Van Ness Avenue , which runs parallel to Polk one block west , is a more appropriate place for chain stores .
“ Van Ness is a freeway , unfortunately . It 's not pedestrian-oriented , ” they said .
Planning Commissioner Dennis Richards , former president of the Duboce Triangle Neighborhood Association , said the six-month conditional-use process , which requires Planning Commission approval , puts the burden on residents to constantly fight chains , which can afford lawyers and lobbyists . “ It was gearing up for battle every time a formula retail proposal comes in , ” they said .
Keeping Polk Street funky
Commissioner Richard Hillis , who voted against the ban , said they would support stronger conditional-use regulations that could address specific sorts of chains the neighborhood is against . They also said the formula ban in Hayes Valley has only served to make that commercial district among the city 's poshest — something they do n't want to see on funky Polk Street .
“ I worry that a ban will mess up what has been great about Polk Street , ” Hillis said .
J.K. Dineen is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : jdineen @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : sfjkdineen
On Wednesday , PACT and Most Holy Trinity Catholic Church announced that they were withdrawing up to $ 4 million from their long-time banks and transferring those funds to local credit unions .
Father Eduardo Samaniego announced that the parish is moving its $ 3 million account with Bank of America , where the church has done business for at least 20 years , to a community credit union .
See this Mercury News story :
Father Samaniego :
Three million from one church and church school ! You can bet that Bank of America will feel that !
And it was n't just the church .
PACT also said it would be moving more than $ 1 million out of Wells Fargo Bank .
`` We stand in solidarity with thousands of families in San Jose and millions in our nation who have been unfairly forced out of their homes , '' PACT co-chair David Gonzales told a few dozen followers sitting in the church 's pews . `` We say to Wells Fargo , `` No more foreclosures . You will not have our money anymore . ''
Peggy Bryan , an associate pastor at Saint Andrew 's Episcopal Church in Saratoga , echoed that sentiment from the church 's altar , saying they were ending their 15-year-long relationship with Wells Fargo and taking them $ 150,000 in savings to a local credit union . `` We 're saying , `` Not one more home stolen from our community by any bank , '' ' said Bryan , 60 , who added that they were acting as a private citizen , and not representing them church .
( Father Samaniego ) pointed to their 7,200 parishoners -- 95 percent of whom are immigrant Vietnamese , Latino or Samoan , among the worst affected since the Wall Street meltdown in 2008 , they said . In three zip codes in the church 's area , they said , one out of nine homes have been foreclosed on since 2008 . `` I 'm one church and just one part of the diocese , '' Samaniego said afterwards . `` So if our other churches can make this kind of move , we can show that enough is enough . ''
I think this is just the beginning . Congratulations to those who took this action yesterday . Let 's hope that many more follow !
We will be contacting the priest who married us and asking if he , too , will be moving any funds they might have in large national banks to a local credit union or bank . I know that Fr . Jon is a member and strong supporter of PACT , so am hopeful they will move their money .
We will also be in contact with officials at Santa Clara University , where we attend services at Mission Santa Clara , to see if they can divest any such funds .
How about you ? Who will move money from a large , unfeeling , national bank to a smaller , local credit union or local bank ?
Update :
Following are some links mentioned in the comments . These can provide more information and help you decide just exactly where to move your money , should you decide to do that .
Do you need more information on credit unions ? Look at the National Credit Union Administration .
Need help finding a credit union ? Look at Find a Credit Union .
Here is another site to help you find a credit union .
Need to double-check and make sure that your proposed new bank or credit union is not pouring money to politicians you ca n't stand ? Check out Open Secrets .
November 5 is Bank Transfer Day . For more information , see Move Your Money .
Frustrated1 wrote about Bank Transfer Day on Monday .
An assortment of fireworks on a shelf for sale at a Alamo Fireworks road side stand owned and operated by Dustin Shores . ( Photo11 : Tony Gutierrez , AP )
As adults and children reach for Fourth of July staples like sparklers , firecrackers and Roman candles , ophthalmologists are warning to use caution or skip the fireworks altogether .
In the past three years , eye injuries caused by fireworks have more than doubled , according to the annual fireworks injury report issued last Friday by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission .
Emergency rooms treated 1,300 eye injuries caused by fireworks over a one-month period in 2014 compared to 600 eye injuries over the same timeframe in 2011 .
Firework fragments can shoot outward and hit the eye , causing tears , lacerations and injuries that can ultimately cause blindness , according to Philip R. Rizzuto , an ophthalmologist and clinical spokesperson for the American Academy of Ophthalmology .
And while parents may think sparklers and firecrackers are safe , Rizzuto says that using any firework is just asking for an accident .
`` One little spark in your eye , the burn is significant , '' Rizzuto says . `` Then , think of the makeup of fireworks – gunpowder , charcoal , sulfur ... they are all irritants to your eye . ''
Three years after a rogue Roman candle struck Jameson Lamb in the eye on the Fourth of July , he 's still trying to regain vision in their right eye . ( Photo11 : Jameson Lamb via the American Academy of Opthalmology )
Accidents can happen within seconds , and with eye injuries the recovery can last years , if it happens at all . Three years after a rogue Roman candle struck Jameson Lamb in the eye on the Fourth of July , he 's still trying to regain vision in their right eye .
`` I 've had pretty much every surgery you can think of , '' Lamb says .
The 19-year-old from outside of Chicago , Ill. , says he 's had surgeries ranging from a partial cornea transplant to a full transplant , eyelid reconstruction , stem cells transplants and even skin grafts .
`` At the moment I can see light and shapes , '' they say , adding that they hope their second full cornea transplant later this summer will improve their vision .
Despite the risks associated with fireworks , only 10 % of adults wear eye protection when using them , according to a recent survey by the American Academy of Ophthalmology .
`` The majority of adults and teens using fireworks often fail to consider using protective eyewear when lighting fireworks , '' according to Robert Glatter , an emergency physician at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City . They say it does n't matter how safe or small a firework seems , eye protection should be worn .
They say a majority of the Fourth of July emergency room visits they see stem from alcohol use .
`` People are impaired , using anything from marijuana to ecstasy or alcohol , and just not paying attention , and not wearing safety glasses if they are out partying and having a good time , '' Glatter says , adding that the party quickly ends when a firework-related injury happens .
If an injury does occur , Rizzuto says it 's vital to have a plan to reduce further damaging the eye :
• Do not touch or rub your eye with your hands . Rizzuto says if the eye is damaged , rubbing it can further alter the structure of the eye and make it more difficult to repair .
• Do not flush the eye with water or try to rinse it with an eye solution .
• If something is stuck in the eye , do not remove it .
• Immediately seek medical attention .
When it comes to fireworks , they say it 's probably better to leave the show to the professionals .
`` I encourage people to go to professional firework shows , obviously these are trained people , and they understand what a safe distance from fireworks is , '' Rizzuto says .
Follow @ MaryBowerman on Twitter .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1IvA2vE
It seemed like a perfect marriage : Ed Reed would reunite with the Baltimore Ravens to coach a secondary that intercepted the fewest passes in team history .
So why did Reed join the Bills on Wednesday as assistant defensive-backs coach ?
It 's unknown whether the Ravens pursued Reed for their staff , but they were seen as more of a big brother than a coach during their time in Baltimore . In fact , they were a handful for their coaches throughout their playing days . That part of Reed 's career as one of the best safeties in NFL history often goes overlooked .
Ed Reed will reunite with former Ravens defensive coordinator Rob Ryan on Ryan 's staff in Buffalo . Tommy Gilligan/USA TODAY Sports
Reed is brash , outspoken and unpredictable . This made them a feared defender ( ask Tom Brady and Peyton Manning ) . It just makes them a question mark as a coach .
How many times did Reed trust their instincts more than the team 's game plan ? How many times did they continue to lateral the ball after turnovers when coaches urged them not to do so ?
Most Ravens coaches and players will acknowledge Reed 's brilliance . They will also agree they are n't the most coachable player . They were a wild card with a mercurial personality .
`` Any coach or player that thinks they know what Ed Reed is thinking or what he 's going to do is mistaken or lying , '' said Brian Billick , who coached Reed from 2002-07 . `` He could do things that would make you scratch your head and think , 'What were you doing there ? ' But it was a whole lot more good than bad . He 's just a different guy that way . ”
Current Ravens coach John Harbaugh was recently asked whether they always knew what Reed was doing . `` When they told me later , yes , '' they said .
In hiring Reed , Bills coach Rex Ryan said Reed will be a `` phenomenal coach '' and will bring a `` high level of professionalism . '' The Ravens sometimes saw a different side of Reed .
In June 2012 , Reed became the only player in the Ravens ' 20-year history to skip an entire mandatory minicamp without permission . They later tweeted about doing yard work , saying , `` Tell the bosses I 'm comfortable . ''
In October 2012 , Reed was among the players who reportedly challenged Harbaugh when they announced the team would practice in full pads during its bye . This is why it makes perfect sense that Reed ended up with Ryan , the same coach Reed wanted to succeed Billick in 2008 .
Reed is one of the three best players to ever suit up for the Ravens . They are arguably the top defensive playmaker of their generation . They are perhaps the most influential and inspirational figures to ever walk through Baltimore 's locker room , even moreso than Ray Lewis .
Their incredible body of work earned a place in the Ravens ' Ring of Honor and an indelible mark in franchise history . It just does n't guarantee a spot on the coaching staff .
Man shot friend dead while showing gun , cops say
Austin Jones was at home in Dunwoody Commons condominiums near Sanford about 2 a.m. Sunday when they cocked the gun and pulled the trigger , thinking the weapon was not loaded , deputies said .
A 19-year-old man was arrested on a manslaughter charge Monday , a day after they shot a friend in the head while showing off a handgun , the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office said .
A bullet hit Christopher Negron , 20 , of Longwood above their eye .
Jones tried to help Negron while another friend called 911 , but Negron died hours later at Orlando Regional Medical Center after being taken off life support , sheriff 's spokesperson Kim Cannaday said .
Jones was being held without bail at the Seminole County Jail late Monday .
The condominiums are just north of State Road 46 and west of Interstate 4 .
A tribute on Negron 's Facebook page says , `` Chris was a wonderful friend , son , brother and overall an amazing person . They will always be in our hearts . ''
Negron recently began working at a pool company , according to their profile . They studied applied math at Seminole State College of Florida and previously attended Seminole High School in Sanford , a post states .
sjacobson @ tribune.com or 407-540-5981
Usually , it 's pretty easy to figure out why an NBA team got better . The Sixers , who were the NBA 's most-improved team this year , got Joel Embiid and an extra 18 wins compared to last season . Houston , 14 wins better , got MVP-level play out of James Harden , who 's been a perfect fit for new coach Mike D'Antoni 's pace-and-space offense .
Then there 's Utah , a team that was 40-42 last year , yet has pieced together a fringe NBA title contender this season . The Jazz 's improvement is n't as straightforward as the Rockets ' or Sixers ' , though — they did it by tinkering with the margins of a roster that had missed the postseason for four consecutive years , and they 're capitalizing on their two young stars finally coming of age .
Perhaps the best comparison for this Jazz team is the Indiana Pacers from three or four years ago : Rudy Gobert is the Jazz 's souped-up version of Roy Hibbert , the leader of a very stingy defense that forces a ton of midrange jumpers . Gordon Hayward is the analog to Paul George , a talented wing player who can score over just about anyone . And Utah 's George Hill is … George Hill , who joined the team in July following an offseason trade and is now the conductor of a Pacers-like slow-paced offense . And even that lofty comparison to the two-time Eastern Conference finalists may be selling this club short ; the Jazz shoot and pass the ball better and far more than Indiana ever did .
Much of Utah 's jump stems from two key trades that bolstered each of those areas . The first deal landed Hill , a respected veteran point guard , and the other yielded skilled forward Boris Diaw . Both players , who once played for San Antonio , have helped the Jazz become a rare team that has been able to replicate the Spurs ' style . Watch the Jazz for long enough , and you can see San Antonio 's influences baked into some of Utah 's offensive plays and sets ; particularly when Diaw is on the floor .
The team 's transactions were n't the sexiest , which is reflected by the NBA 's national TV ratings , in which the Jazz still rank near the bottom of the league . But as of now , those two moves — plus the Joe Johnson signing — look prescient . Hill , despite battling injuries all season , forced opponents to guard the perimeter more honestly and logged a career-high scoring average . Diaw , Utah 's best passer despite playing power forward , finished with a team-high six assists in the Game One victory over the Clippers . And Johnson , who connected on 41 percent of their 3s during the regular season , had 21 points in the series opener , including the game-winning floater at the buzzer .
But the offseason moves alone would n't have made the Jazz this formidable . Utah needed Hayward to take the next step . Among the most notable improvements that they have made : Hayward has grown considerably stronger , giving them the ability to be more aggressive and absorb more contact as they barrel toward the basket following curls and dribble handoffs . Aside from connecting on a blistering 69 percent of their shots at the rim this year — one of six wings to shoot that well on 200 shots or more — Hayward also managed to log a career-best 45 and-1 situations where they scored despite getting fouled . By contrast , they were blocked just 43 times all season . To put that into context , it 's pretty rare for wing players to finish with more and-1s than shots blocked in a given season ; this year LeBron James , Kevin Durant and Kawhi Leonard were the only other wings to accomplish the feat .
The other Jazz player who took the leap is also the reason the team 's die-hard fans ca n't sleep at night : How injured is Gobert ? It 's not clear how long he 'll be out with their knee hyperextension and bone bruise . The Jazz managed to squeak by without them on Saturday , but as Tuesday 's Game Two highlighted , the defense sans Gobert may be too porous to win this series , let alone compete with Golden State , who will almost certainly be waiting for them in the conference semifinals .
But should Utah get a healthy version of its best player back — and yes , Gobert 's incredible jump in offensive efficiency , paired with their stellar defense , makes them the club 's most-valuable player — the Jazz can make some noise . They owned the third-best defense in the association this year , behind San Antonio and Golden State , and excel at defensive rebounding and limiting team 's opportunities in transition . Playing the percentages , the defense surrenders the NBA 's lowest share of corner 3-point attempts , and the only true soft spot they possess on that end is by design : They rank near the top of the league in terms of how frequently they goad opponents into taking inefficient midrange jumpers .
Yet their entire defensive scheme , which often calls for wings to switch assignments and aggressively crowd their opponents along the 3-point line , works to perfection because of Gobert 's incredible mobility and impact around the rim . Watch this regular-season sequence against Portland , for instance . Damian Lillard seemingly pulls the trigger on their shot a beat quicker than they normally would to avoid Gobert . Then Blazers forward Al-Farouq Aminu grabs an offensive rebound , but opts against going for the putback because of Gobert 's presence .
When teams are actually bold enough to bring the ball inside against them , it frequently turns out to be a mistake .
Gobert , who led the NBA in defensive win shares and blocks , held foes to 49 percent shooting from within six feet , 12.5 percentage points beneath their average and the best rate among centers .
As tense as this moment is for Jazz fans , the offseason may prove to be even more stressful . Hayward , 27 , and Hill , 30 , become unrestricted free agents at season 's end , leaving the small-market club — which has the league 's smallest payroll — with tough financial choices as it seeks to build on its first 50-win season since the 2009-10 season with Hall of Fame coach Jerry Sloan .
But those decisions can wait a bit . After all , winning — and doing it now , in this postseason , with this core group — is the strongest case a team like Utah can make to its pending free agents anyway .
Check out our NBA playoff predictions .
Everyone looks forward to heading out on vacation . Despite the hassles—crowds , delays , bad weather , bad food , that hotel that looks nothing like the pictures—travel can be one of the best experiences of a lifetime . But sometimes things go really wrong and affect people 's lives forever . Here are 10 stories of people who set out on vacation and came back with a harrowing tale to tell—or never came back at all .
10 Erin Langworthy
Visiting Victoria Falls in southern Africa is a dream for many , but for 22-year-old Erin Langworthy , it turned into a nightmare . The Australian was bungee jumping off the Victoria Falls Bridge while visiting Zambia in 2012 when the cord snapped and they plunged 111 meters ( 364 ft ) into the crocodile-infested Zambesi River below . They were swept down the swollen river , their feet still bound together by 10 meters ( 30 ft ) of rope , and spent 40 minutes in the water , until they finally managed to grab onto some rocks and an employee of the bungee company pulled them onto the river bank .
Langworthy was taken to Victoria Falls Clinic in Zimbabwe , but did n't reach the clinic until five and a half hours after their jump . Though their lungs were partially collapsed and their body was covered in bruises , Langworthy did n't suffer any serious injuries and returned home two weeks later . They had been the 106th person to jump off the bridge that day .
9 Daniel Dudzisz
A 26-year-old German tourist went missing this year while attempting to walk almost halfway across Australia alone . They survived by eating flies . Daniel Dudzisz had been homeless for two years and had taken to walking long distances on their own . They had planned to walk 3,860 kilometers ( 2,400 mi ) from New South Wales to Uluru , but found themselves lost and stranded between two flooded banks of a river for 10 days . News of their disappearance did n't alarm those who had encountered Dudzisz ; opal miner Andrew Plax said Dudzisz was a uniquely tough traveler who had walked enormous distances on other continents , drinking water from troughs and puddles , and “ could live off the smell of an oily rag. ” They had no doubt the missing hiker would be found alive .
Dudzisz , who is diabetic , fortunately had enough insulin with him . They turned to eating flies for nutrients when their small supply of cereal and baked beans ran out , and they were eventually rescued by a passing motorist . Dudzisz refused medical treatment and was determined to finish their walk , though they promised to stick to main roads and only walk during daylight hours .
8 Rochelle Harris
British tourist Rochelle Harris was on a flight back from a holiday in Peru in 2013 when they began experiencing a powerful headache and shooting pains in their face . They also began hearing strange scratching noises and had a discharge from their ear . On returning home , 27-year-old Harris paid a visit to a doctor . After initially blaming an ear infection , doctors soon discovered eight large maggots wriggling around inside Harris 's ear canal . They remembered walking through a swarm of flies while hiking on their vacation and one had been buzzing in their ear , but once they waved the fly away , they thought nothing more of it . The insect was a “ new world screw-worm fly , ” which generally lay their larvae in the wounds of warm-blooded animals . Once they hatched 24 hours later , the maggots chewed a 12-millimeter ( half inch ) hole in Rochelle Harris 's ear canal . The ordeal did n't cause any permanent damage to Harris and , surprisingly , the incident made them less squeamish about bugs .
7 Keith Brown
British youth worker Keith Brown was traveling to London from Ethiopia with their wife when they were detained by customs officers while connecting in Dubai . They were found to have cannabis on their person , was arrested on drug possession charges , and was sentenced to four years in prison . They had 0.003 grams ( 0.0001 oz ) of cannabis stuck to the bottom of their shoe . This is about the size of a grain of sugar—not nearly enough to have any psychotropic effect . Fortunately for the 43-year-old father of three , they were pardoned and released early on in their sentence . The UAE is notoriously tough and unyielding on drug crime—a German national was imprisoned for carrying over-the-counter jet lag pills that are legal in Dubai , and a Swiss traveler was reportedly jailed for having poppy seeds on their clothing after eating a bread roll at Heathrow Airport .
6 Brittanee Drexel
In 2009 , 17-year-old Brittanee Drexel told their mother they were spending spring break no more than 32 kilometers ( 20 mi ) from their home in Rochester , New York . Instead , they headed to the party town of Myrtle Beach , South Carolina with their boyfriend and friends . While there , they went to the Blue Water Hotel to visit a friend who was staying there . They stayed about 10 minutes , then walked out of the hotel lobby at 9:00 PM , never to be seen again . Surveillance cameras caught them entering and leaving the Blue Water , but offered no other clues .
The following day , their cell phone signal disappeared . The signal was later tracked to a swampy area , sparking even greater fears for Brittanee 's safety . The area was searched extensively , but nothing was ever discovered . Police interviewed the friend they had visited at the Blue Water Hotel , who had somewhat suspiciously returned home to Rochester that night at 2:00 AM , and searched the room of a person of interest at another hotel , but no concrete evidence or trace of Brittanee Drexel was ever found . Brittanee 's mother eventually moved from Rochester to Myrtle Beach to feel closer to their daughter and to stay involved in the investigation .
5 The Lutes Family
Widower Gary Lutes wanted to share their love of caving with their two sons , Buddy ( age 13 ) and Tim ( age 9 ) . In June 1990 , they drove with the boys from their home in Florida to explore the New Trout Cave in West Virginia . They set off into the cave wearing headlamps and carrying a pack of supplies including food , water , and extra headlamps . After 305 meters ( 1,000 ft ) , they reached a section known as “ The Maze , ” full of jagged rocks and tight spaces . Fearing the pack would become a hindrance , Lutes left it behind , intending to return in the half hour they estimated they had left in their headlamps .
After only a few minutes , the boys ' lamps burned out . Lutes decided to return to the pack , but soon realized they were lost . Lutes 's lamp died and the family was plunged into darkness . Gary and the boys were trapped in the cave for five days with no food , water , or light . They began hallucinating , retching from the soot left over from past mining operations in the cave , and Gary developed chest pains . On the fifth day , the family was rescued after a nearby resident alerted authorities that the car had been parked outside the cave for days .
The National Cave Rescue Association questioned why Lutes carried just one pack into the cave only to leave it behind and said that as an experienced caver , they should have known better : “ This rescue should never have taken place . Gary Lutes violated every rule that the NSS and the rest of organized caving preaches to each and every one of us : Carry three sources of light each ! Tell someone where you are caving and when you will return ! ”
4 Sidney Good And Alexis Fairchild
While vacationing in Florida , two 17-year-old teens from Indiana were seriously injured while parasailing in a horrific incident that was caught on video . As wind speeds increased due to an incoming storm , the operator of the boat made an attempt to bring the girls down—only to have the rope snap , leaving Sidney and Alexis strapped in and at the mercy of strong winds . Horrified onlookers saw them sail overheard , screaming , heading straight for an apartment building . They slammed into a balcony , where building residents tried to grab onto them , but the wind was too strong . They hit nearby power lines and crashed into a parking lot , landing on a windshield and shattering it .
Sidney Good suffered brain trauma and cracked vertebrae and will suffer long-term health issues including vision problems . Alexis Fairchild had a broken back , head trauma , and serious lacerations , presumably from the car windshield . The incident sparked fury at the lack of safety regulations for water sports companies .
3 Cheznye Emmons
While traveling in Indonesia with their boyfriend , 23-year-old British beauty therapist Cheznye Emmons had to be rushed out of the jungle when they fell seriously ill and was unable to see . Arriving at the nearest hospital five hours later , they were put into an induced coma . Emmons , their boyfriend , and a friend had purchased a bottle of alcohol from a local shop with an original label reading “ Gin ” and had several drinks . It was later discovered that the gin had been removed and replaced with cheaper home-brewed methanol , which can cause seizures , kidney failure , blindness , and death . Five days after the incident , when it became clear that Emmons would never recover , their parents made the heartbreaking decision to turn off their daughter 's life support . The store was investigated and shut down . Potent home-brewed alcohol is a serious problem in Indonesia—in 2009 , 25 people died in Bali after drinking a local spirit tainted with methanol .
2 Azaria Chamberlain
In 1980 , the Chamberlain family was camping at Uluru ( then known as Ayer 's Rock ) as part of a large group . As night fell , Lindy Chamberlain placed their nine-week-old daughter Azaria into their tent . Some time later , screams erupted as Lindy discovered Azaria missing , blood on the tent , and dingo tracks nearby . The initial finding in 1981 was that Azaria had in fact been taken and presumably killed by the wild dogs . However , authorities and the public found it difficult to believe that the animals would come into a camp and attack without provocation and so suspicion fell onto the parents . The next year , Lindy Chamberlain was convicted of the murder of their daughter and sentenced to life in prison while their husband Michael was charged as an accessory .
Lindy served three years in prison , until Azaria 's bloody jacket was found near a dingo lair and they were pardoned and released . In 2012 , after extensive investigation bolstered by reports of other attacks by dingoes on children , a coroner finally ruled that a dingo was responsible for Azaria Chamberlain 's death . The story has inspired books , a miniseries , an opera , and most famously the film A Cry in the Dark starring Meryl Streep as Lindy Chamberlain .
1 The Kim Family
Tech editor James Kim , their wife Kati , and their two young daughters set off from Portland , Oregon the day after Thanksgiving 2006 , heading for the southern coast . After missing a turnoff , the Kims followed what looked like a shortcut on their map , but was in fact a treacherous road over the mountains . After realizing the route was impassable , the Kims attempted to back their car out , but were unable to do so . They spent the night in the car , only to wake up surrounded by deep snow : They were stranded . The Kims ran the car engine to stay warm and burned tires after the gas ran out . Katie Kim breastfed Penelope , four years old , and Sabine , seven months . After several days , James Kim decided they had to go for help . They set off , saying they would return shortly if they could n't find a way out . They never made it back to the car . After nine days , helicopters hired by James Kim 's parents discovered and rescued Kati Kim and their girls .
The body of James Kim was discovered in a creek two days later—he had walked several miles through a steep canyon , but sadly ended up only one mile ( as the crow flies ) from their family 's car . Tragically , if he 'd walked a mile in the other direction , they would have found an empty lodge packed full of food and supplies .
Caroline Coupe is a passionate world traveler who thankfully has no travel horror stories of their own . An avid photographer and aspiring writer , Caroline recently launched their travel blog , LoveLiveTravel and can be found on Twitter at @ lovelivetravel . This is Caroline 's fourth article for Listverse .
Americans United and the ACLU recently won a court case barring the Forsyth County , N.C. , Board of Commissioners from opening its meeting with sectarian prayers . Now other local governments in North Carolina are complying with the ruling , and some people are ( literally ) up in arms about it .
The 4th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals held that “ [ f ] aith is as deeply important as it is deeply personal and the government should not appear to suggest that some faiths have it wrong and others got it right . ”
A few North Carolina residents apparently do n't see it that way .
The Craven County Board of Commissioners decided to comply with the Constitution and the court ruling and discontinue official prayers before its meetings . According to the New Bern Sun Journal , angry citizens came to a commissioners ' meeting Monday night to complain about the decision .
Ray Griffin told the board , “ Those who ban prayer ban themselves from heaven . … Today America is in decline because we do n't accept that . ”
Pat Gallo was even more intemperate , saying their wife asked them “ to come down here and set you boys straight . ”
Warning that the issue “ is something that is not going to go away , ” Gallo said , “ You may need to get a gun ; you 're going to need it for protection . There 's a group of Christians out here who believe in Christ… . What 's it going to be ? Are you going to put your tail between your legs and pee in your pants ? If your attorney does n't have the guts , get a new one . ”
It 's a little unclear where Mr. Gallo was going with their remarks . But whatever their destination , let 's just say he 's way out of line . There 's quite enough violence over religion around the world , and we do n't need any of that kind of stuff in the United States .
And not to go all preachy on you , Mr. Gallo , but did n't Jesus say to pray in private , not in the street corners just to make a big show of your piety ? Somehow I ca n't imagine Jesus reaching for a Smith & Wesson because the Craven County Board of Commissioners has decided to obey the Constitution .
Nobody has banned prayer in America . The federal courts certainly did n't do so in their ruling in the Forsyth case . All they did was hold that government ca n't favor one faith over others .
One Craven County resident made that point at Monday 's meeting .
According to the local newspaper , Hal James of the Coastal Taxpayers Coalition , said , “ I hate to agree with the ACLU on anything but I 'm afraid on this I have to . ”
The decision , they said , is consistent with the founding fathers ' statements on religious freedom .
The Craven County Board of Commissioners was wise to comply with the law . It means taxpayers in the community wo n't have to waste their hard-earned money on a lawsuit that the board was sure to lose .
You may remember this from a few months ago -- the Washington Post wanted to create a network of local bloggers to provide content for the Washington Post . It was an unpaid gig , but bloggers would offer up a couple of paragraphs on the Post website , and readers could click through to the blogger 's site to read the rest of the piece .
Well , it has n't turned out that way .
But merely reprinting and linking to existing blog content is not the Post 's goal . Their real intention is to direct the bloggers to provide content that would only appear on the Post 's website . And the Post has been emailing its bloggers non-stop to get them to provide this free and exclusive work .
Click through the link above to read the Post 's orders to the bloggers . In short , the Post has created a `` workflow plan '' requiring the bloggers to be on call on certain dates to provide original content , it 's encouraging them to do original reporting , and it 's even begun assigning stories to them .
It 's obvious what 's going on here . The Post has absolutely no intention of driving traffic to independent blogs . Instead , it wants the bloggers to concentrate on writing free , exclusive content for the Post [ ... ] And the Post is getting all of this for FREE . Every paid reporter at the Post should be up in arms over this .
Absolutely . This fucks over the bloggers , and let 's the Post get away without hiring more reporters ( or even firing existing ones , if the program takes off ) .
The future of journalism might be hazy , but this certainly is n't the answer .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , whom progressives hope will take the lead in opposing Donald Trump , took congressional Republicans to task using their Twitter account on Monday night for voting to undermine ethics reforms .
. @ realDonaldTrump still has n't announced plans for their business empire while falsely claiming the President ca n't have conflicts . — Elizabeth Warren ( @ SenWarren ) January 3 , 2017
Trump 's cabinet of billionaires & CEOs have ignored gov ethics rules & dragged their feet on FBI background checks & financial disclosures . — Elizabeth Warren ( @ SenWarren ) January 3 , 2017
And now the @ HouseGOP is gutting its ethics office in the middle of the night – hours before the new Congress is sworn in . — Elizabeth Warren ( @ SenWarren ) January 3 , 2017
Tell us , @ GOP : Who , exactly , thinks that the problem with Washington is that we have too many rules requiring the gov to act ethically ? — Elizabeth Warren ( @ SenWarren ) January 3 , 2017
Warren 's first tweet is a reference to the numerous conflicts of interest that have emerged since Trump took office , as well as their infamous defense that `` the president ca n't have a conflict of interest . '' Them second tweet referenced the unprecedented number of billionaires that have been appointed to Trump 's cabinet since their election , as well as the erratic rules that determine when they must disclose their financial backgrounds . Them final two tweets refer to the House Republicans ' decision on Monday to disempower the Office of Congressional Ethics , which will now be accountable to the House Ethics Committee ( which is run by the Republicans ) instead of remaining nonpartisan and independent .
Advertisement :
Warren is perhaps best known for their pugnacious opposition to Wall Street corruption and their defense of workers rights . They have been an outspoken critic of Trump since the start of their presidential campaign and seems poised to emerge as one of their foremost Democratic opponents once they become president .
Lars Løkke Rasmussen ( V ) . Foto : Liselotte Sabroe / Scanpix Denmark
Lars Løkke Rasmussen ( V ) oversælger regeringens jobresultater ifølge tal fra Finansministeriet .
Da statsminister Lars Løkke Rasmussen ( V ) forrige søndag måtte skrinlægge regeringens planer om at hæve pensionsalderen yderligere , fremhævede han , at regeringen alligevel var på rette vej og allerede har skabt tusindvis af job .
- Jeg glæder mig hver aften – når jeg går i seng – over , at vi trækker Danmark den rigtige vej . Vi har skabt 79.000 private arbejdspladser , siden vi kom i regering , sagde Løkke til DR .
Men ifølge Finansministeriets egne tal har V-regeringen og VLAK-regeringen siden valget blot gennemført politiske aftaler , der øger beskæftigelsen med 2.500 personer på sigt . Det skriver Jyllands-Posten .
Professor : Klart at oversælge
De 79.000 personer , som Løkke fremhæver , skyldes ifølge økonomer hovedsageligt forbedrede økonomiske konjunkturer og tidligere regeringers reformer .
- Det er klart at oversælge de politiske resultater , når det ikke er regeringens politik , der bidrager med et øget arbejdsudbud , så beskæftigelsen kan stige . Og fremgangen i konjunkturerne kan heller ikke tilskrives den faktisk førte politik af regeringen , siger professor i økonomi Bo Sandemann Rasmussen .
Socialdemokratiet beskylder regeringen for at pynte sig med lånte fjer .
- Regeringen oversælger igen sine politiske resultater . Den konjunkturfremgang , vi ser , er ikke båret af beslutninger fra den them regering . Selv hvis Lars Løkke sad fuldstændig stille , var flere kommet i arbejde , siger finansordfører Benny Engelbrecht ( S ) til Jyllands-Posten .
CEPOS : Pauvert resultat
Regeringen præsenterer tirsdag en ny økonomisk 2025-plan , der vil fastholde en målsætning om , at reformer skal øge beskæftigelsen med 55.000 – 60.000 personer mere , end der allerede er udsigt til .
I lyset af den målsætning , er det stærkt problematisk , at regeringen har leveret så lidt , mener De Radikale .
- Det savner enhver troværdighed , at statsministeren bruger udviklingen i beskæftigelsen til at vise , at han har succes , når han ikke er i nærheden af at indfri sine egne mål , lyder det fra De Radikales politiske leder , Morten Østergaard .
De 2.500 job , som Løkke har skabt , stammer fra et kontanthjælpsloft , en integrationsydelse og en nedsættelse af registreringsafgiften .
- Det er et pauvert resultat , siger cheføkonom i den borgerlige tænketank Cepos , Mads Lundby Hansen til Jyllands-Posten .
- Slet ikke nok
Finansminister Kristian Jensen ( V ) anerkender , at der er et stykke vej :
- 2.500 personer er en god start , men det er slet ikke nok .
Kristian Jensen fastholder dog , at regeringen godt kan tage æren for den stigende beskæftigelse , der har været i de senere år .
- Regeringen er ansvarlig for den førte økonomiske politik , og konjunkturerne hænger sammen med den førte politik , siger han .
Det har ikke været muligt at få en kommentar fra statsministeren .
Yoga , meditation , massage , acupuncture , and herbal remedies ; these are just some of Eastern medicine 's contributions to our decades-long search for ways to live well with fewer pills and less-invasive health care . Toward that end , I 'm excited to report that there are promising new findings in the field of energy psychology , specifically about a practice called Emotional Freedom Technique ( EFT ) , or tapping , that is taking our search for holistic solutions to an exciting new level .
What 's unique about EFT is how it combines Eastern wisdom about acupressure , or `` meridian points , '' in our bodies , with traditional Western psychotherapy . The practice consists of tapping with your fingertips on specific meridian points while talking through traumatic memories and a wide range of emotions . `` Acupoint tapping sends signals directly to the stress centers of the mid-brain , not mediated by the frontal lobes ( the thinking part , active in talk therapy ) , '' explains Dr. Church , Ph.D. , who has been researching and using EFT since 2002 . Because EFT simultaneously accesses stress on physical and emotional levels , they add , `` EFT gives you the best of both worlds , body and mind , like getting a massage during a psychotherapy session . ''
In fact , it 's EFT 's ability to access the amygdala , an almond-shaped part of your brain that initiates your body 's negative reaction to fear , a process we often refer to as the `` fight or flight '' response , that makes it so powerful . `` By reducing stress , '' adds Church , `` EFT helps with many problems . There 's a stress component to sports performance , business and financial pressure , and most disease . When you reduce stress in one area of your life , there 's often a beneficial effect in other areas . ''
Church estimates that 10 million people worldwide have used tapping , and what 's so exciting is how incredibly quickly it 's alleviating issues like depression , anxiety and insomnia , as well severe PTSD , physical pain , even illness .
At this point you 're probably thinking what most intelligent and sane people are -- how is that possible ? How can tapping on `` meridian points '' resolve serious health issues ? As an EFT practitioner and the producer of the movie The Tapping Solution , it 's a question I 've been asked repeatedly over many years . In fact , you 'll often hear me refer to EFT as `` this strange tapping thing . '' Fortunately , there 's very real science ( and results ! ) behind it .
In partnership with Dr. David Feinstein , Dr. Church has been able to confirm that tapping on specific meridian points has a positive effect on cortisol levels . Cortisol , known as the `` stress hormone , '' is integral to our body 's `` fight or flight '' response . Originally designed to help us survive life in the wild , the `` fight or flight '' response was essential when our ancient ancestors were faced with sudden , brief danger like , let 's say , a tiger . However useful in short bursts , releasing cortisol too frequently , as we seem to be doing in response to the ongoing or `` chronic '' stress of modern life , may have serious , even scary , impacts on our physical , mental and emotional health . In fact , living in this kind of biological `` survival mode '' may be making us more vulnerable to everything from cancer to heart disease , and more .
In Dr. Church 's study , 83 participants were separated into three groups . One group was guided through an hour-long EFT session , the second group received an hour of talk therapy , while the third , the control group , received no treatment . The group that did an hour of EFT demonstrated a 24 percent decrease in cortisol levels , while the other two groups showed no real change . The EFT group also exhibited lower levels of psychological symptoms , including anxiety , depression , and others , as measured by the Symptom Assessment-45 ( SA-45 ) , a standard psychological assessment tool .
Research suggests that EFT may be so effective because of its perceived ability to balance out the nervous system , leveling off the activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic regions . Responsible for promoting cell regeneration and relaxation , the parasympathetic region helps to slow your heartbeat , support digestion , and more . The sympathetic system , on the other hand , prepares you for vigorous physical activity by speeding up your heart , constricting your pupils , and so on . As noted in Church 's study , imbalance between these two regions is associated with a long list of health issues , from high blood pressure and heart problems ( most often seen in those with an overactive sympathetic region ) , to depression , fatigue , and weakened immune response ( in those with excessive parasympathetic activity ) .
In their study findings , Church asserts that EFT , which they refer to as `` acupoint treatments '' produces `` a neutral emotional state , '' which , biologically speaking , is the gold standard of health and wellness . It 's also the state of well-being people have sought to achieve for millennia through meditation , prayer , yoga , and other mindfulness practices .
Dr. Feinstein , a clinical psychologist who uses EFT in their own practice , adds that EFT is an `` unusually precise , rapid , and direct for shifting the neurological underpinnings of a range of psychological problems . '' In fact , they add , `` the number of therapists using EFT has been rapidly increasing over the past decade , and now peer-reviewed research is showing that their instincts have been right . Surprisingly rapid outcomes with a variety of disorders are being documented . ''
The results of that documentation can ( and will ! ) impact millions of lives in incredibly powerful ways , which is why I 'm excited to share a host of new studies with you here , in future posts . In the meantime , I look forward to hearing your feedback . Are you familiar with tapping ? Do you use it yourself , or know others who do ? Are there specific topics you 'd like me to focus on in future posts ?
Nick Ornter is the creator and executive producer of the hit documentary film , `` The Tapping Solution . '' Their new book on EFT will be published by Hay House in April 2013 . To get a copy of their free eBook , `` Tapping Your Way to Health , Happiness and Abundance '' visit TheTappingSolution.com
For more by Nick Ortner , click here .
Special buses had been arranged by the Delhi government to take lawmakers to Parliament in view of the odd-even restrictions . ( AFP photo )
Highlights Parliament reconvened today after length break Law-makers break Delhi 's `` odd-even '' rules for cars Special buses for MPs ignored ; across parties , law-makers want exemption
BJP lawmaker Anil Madhav Dave cycled to Parliament on Day 1 of the second half of the Budget session ( AFP photo )
Lawmakers across political lines found rare agreement today on a point of self-interest : Delhi 's odd-even rules must not apply to them , they said , as Parliament reconvened after a long break `` Lawmakers should be exempted from the rule just for this Parliament session , '' Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said in the Rajya Sabha , where the odd-even traffic scheme was heartily reviewed.Several parliamentarians ignored the rules , which , for a fortnight ending on Saturday , ban private cars on alternate days , based on whether their license plates end in odd or even numbers.Special buses organised for parliamentarians arrived largely empty , while lawmakers who violated the rules pulled up in quick succession . One was apologetic - Paresh Rawal of the BJP . `` I made a serious blunder ... Sorry to Arvind ji and Delhiites , '' said Mr Rawal , who was fined . Another , Keshav Maurya , contritely took the special bus for MPs in the afternoon after arriving in an even-numbered car this morning.Pappu Yadav , who recently formed their own party in Bihar , was emphatic in dissing the scheme , describing Arvind Kejriwal as `` a psychopath Chief Minister '' . Mr Kejriwal 's government in Delhi said that if lawmakers had made a mistake and apologised , they could be pardoned , but others would not be exempt from a Rs 2,000 fine . `` It is an opportunity for our Parliamentarians to lead by example , '' said Delhi Transport Minister Gopal Rai.Others were in consensus that the inconvenience must not apply to them because it could keep them from `` discharging duties '' ; some said they can not be expected to use taxis because those are not allowed into the Parliament complex for security reasons.Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi promised to `` discuss and resolve the matter with relevant authorities . '' But some showed the sort of spirit displayed by senior judges , who are car-pooling to work despite being exempt from odd-even . Anil Madhav Dave and Arjun Meghwal were seen cycling to Parliament . Bravo .
A California man has sued BMW North America and a motorcycle-seat maker claiming that a four-hour round-trip ride on their 1993 BMW bike with a `` ridge-like '' seat gave them `` a severe case of priapism ( a persistent , lasting erection ) '' that 's lasted 20 months and counting .
While there have been concerns about narrow `` banana '' bike seats causing loss of feeling in that area -- for men and women -- this is the first report we 've seen of way too much .
The product liability lawsuit against BMW and well-known aftermarket seatmaker Corbin-Pacific ( reported first by Courthouse News Service in California ) was filed in California Superior Court in San Francisco last Thursday by Henry Wolf and their lawyer , Vernon Bradley of Sausalito .
The Wolf v. BMW lawsuit alleges that Wolf has continued to suffer the erection problem since the September 2010 ride -- and , as we know from Viagra ads , anything past four hours is a problem .
The lawsuit for emotional distress says Wolf is `` now is unable to engage in sexual activity , which is causing them substantial emotional and mental anguish . ''
According to the lawsuit , Wolf wants compensation from BMW and Corbin for lost wages , medical expenses , emotional distress and `` general damage . ''
Stokes nets twice as Celtic rout Ross County
Champions now six points behind leaders Hamilton
County remain bottom of the Premiership table
Anthony Stokes scored a double as Celtic crushed Ross County to get back to winning ways .
The champions were out of sight by the break thanks to goals from John Guidetti , Callum McGregor , Stokes and Jason Denayer .
Stokes doubled their tally with an excellent shot from distance .
The win is a welcome boost for Celtic manager Ronny Deila , after their side lost 1-0 at home to Hamilton last time out in the league .
Rock bottom County went into the game on four points , but had gathered those from their previous two games - a 1-1 draw with Highland rivals Inverness and a 2-1 win over Dundee .
Celtic settled quicker , though , and hit the front with their first sight of goal .
Stokes floated a free-kick into the area and Charlie Mulgrew 's deflected header fell perfectly for Guidetti to beat goalkeeper Mark Brown from close range .
Striker John Guidetti celebrates after opening the scoring for Celtic away to Ross County
It was soon 2-0 when Johansen drifted a great ball into Guidetti on the right and the Swede 's centre was tucked away by McGregor .
Guidetti went close to their second after a sublime reverse pass from Stefan Johansen freed them in the box , but the striker 's effort went narrowly wide .
The third soon arrived as the impressive Johansen broke away and slipped in Stokes , who curled the ball beyond Brown from 18 yards .
County boss Jim McIntyre hauled off defender Darren Barr with forward Michael Gardyne sent on , but a seemingly hopeless cause was lost soon after .
Johansen 's corner dropped to Mikael Lustig at the back post and after Brown kept out their effort , Denayer poked the rebound into the roof of the net .
Johansen looked certain to grab the goal their first-half display deserved but their shot was cleared off the line by Staggies defender Scott Boyd .
Celtic 's Emilio Izaguirre was carried off at the start of the second half after a challenge from Gardyne , with Adam Matthews coming on .
Anthony Stokes makes it 3-0 to Celtic with a fine curling effort from the edge of the box
And Stokes made it 5-0 with a 20-yard rocket that hit Brown 's right-hand post on its way in .
Gardyne offered the hosts hope of a consolation goal with some bright forward play , dragging one effort wide before smacking the ball off Gordon 's left-hand post with a fine strike from distance .
McGregor and substitute Stefan Scepovic passed up chances to add goal number six .
The win sets the champions up nicely for their Europa League meeting with Romanians Astra on Thursday .
A new psychosocial approach shows promise in helping preschoolers with symptoms of depression function better and learn to regulate their emotions , according to an NIMH-funded study published online ahead of print October 31 , 2011 , in the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry .
Recent studies have shown that symptoms of clinical depression can arise in children as young as 3 , and may in fact be an early manifestation of a childhood mood disorder . However , no studies have investigated the best way to treat the disorder among children so young . In addition , many established psychosocial treatments for depression in adults and older youth , such as cognitive behavioral therapy or interpersonal therapy , might not be a good fit to the developmental needs of very young children .
Source : NIMH
Yet research has shown that very early behavioral interventions can have a significant impact on the trajectory of conduct problems and neuro-developmental disorders like autism or some developmental delays . These findings suggest that very early intervention for a mood disorder could potentially head off depression later in life .
Toward that end , Joan Luby , M.D. , of Washington University and colleagues conducted a preliminary pilot study comparing a novel form of psychotherapy called Parent Child Interaction Therapy -Emotion Development ( PCIT-ED ) with a psycho-educational program . PCIT includes hands-on components aimed at strengthening the parent-child relationship by teaching positive play techniques and coaching parents through the process , and training parents in methods for handling noncompliance and disruptive behavior . PCIT has already been shown to be effective for treating disruptive disorders among preschoolers . The Emotion Development component was designed to help the parent enhance the child 's ability to recognize emotions in self and others and more effectively regulate intense emotions .
The psycho-education program—the control condition—educated parents in small groups about child development . It emphasized emotional and social development but did not include individual coaching or practice sessions with the parents and their children .
The researchers randomly assigned 54 preschoolers ( aged 3-7 ) and their parents to either PCIT-ED or to the psycho-education program . Each program was conducted over a 12-week period .
After 12 weeks , depression symptoms among the preschoolers significantly declined in both groups . The group receiving PCIT-ED also showed improvements in levels of anxiety , hyperactivity , conduct problems , hostility and inattention , whereas the group receiving the psycho-education program showed improvements in separation anxiety . In addition , the PCIT-ED group showed improvements in a child 's executive functioning and their or their ability to recognize and regulate emotions , compared to the control condition . The PCIT-ED group also reported reduced parenting stress and decreases in maternal depression , whereas the psycho-education group did not .
The results indicate that PCIT-ED is acceptable to families and may be beneficial . The researchers conclude that a full-scale randomized controlled trial is warranted .
While intriguing , the findings are preliminary only and should be interpreted with caution until further research can be conducted .
Jeddah : Two Saudi soldiers were killed in Jeddah after an attack on an external guard post of the Royal Guard , located in front of the western gate of the Peace Palace on Saturday .
A security spokesperson of the Ministry of the Interior said the attack happened at 3:15 pm local time on Saturday , when a person began shooting at the post , Al Arabiya reported .
Security forces reportedly killed the gunman .
The American embassy in Saudi Arabia cautioned its citizens after reports of the attack .
“ Due to the possibility of ongoing police activity , American citizens are advised to exercise caution when travelling through the area , ” the embassy said .
The warning comes after the Saudi police raided hideouts of a terror cell linked to the Daesh group last week , killing two people and arresting five , according to the national security agency .
The State Security Agency said police raided three hideouts in the capital Riyadh and exchanged gunfire in one of them , the SPA news agency reported .
9 years ago
Sen. Lindsey Graham spoke at a town hall in South Carolina on Monday .
( CNN ) - South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham has always enjoyed a little back-and-forth with belligerent audiences .
They were at it again on Monday night as they faced down an angry town hall crowd in Greenville packed with libertarians and Tea Party activists who accused at the Republican senator of ditching conservative principles by working with Democrats on issues like climate change and voting to send Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court .
But Graham stressed a mantra he 's repeated many times since their friend John McCain lost the presidential election last November - that the GOP must reach out to different constituencies , or face extinction .
`` I 'm not going to leave the Republican Party , '' Graham said when one questioned asked them why they have n't yet joined the Democrats . `` I 'm going to grow it . We 're not going to be the party of angry white guys . ''
Their comments were met with a salvo of boos and shouts of `` Ron Paul ! ''
`` I love this party , '' they responded . `` I 'm not going to be let it be hijacked by Ron Paul . ''
Graham emphasized their conservative bona fides - particularly their record of opposing abortion rights and support of gun rights - but said GOP needs to build a broader coalition . Otherwise , they warned , those trying to purify the party will turn Congress over `` to the most liberal people in the world because somebody disagrees with you . ''
`` I 'm going to find people in Maine , Delaware , Illinois and other places that can win , '' they said . `` And I 'm going to help them , and we 're going to move this party and this country forward . If you do n't like it , you can leave . ''
[ Haskell-cafe ] GHC 7.10 GHC-API Changes and proposed changes .
There are a number of changes in GHC 7.10 that will make it easier for tool writers to use the GHC API . These include 1 . More parser entrypoints , to explicitly parse fragments [ Andrew Gibiansky ] The following parsers are now provided parseModule , parseImport , parseStatement , ​ parseDeclaration , parseExpression , parseTypeSignature , ​ parseFullStmt , parseStmt , parseIdentifier , ​ parseType , parseHeader 2 . No more landmines in the AST [ Alan Zimmerman ] In the past it was difficult to work with the GHC AST as any generic traversals had to carefully tiptoe around an assortment of panic and undefined expressions . These have now been removed , allowing standard traversal libraries to be used . There is a third change currently being discussed , and I would like feedback on it 's desirability . 3 . Introduce an annotation structure to the ParsedSource to record the location of uncaptured keywords . At the moment the location of let / in / if / then / else / do etc is not captured in the AST . This makes it difficult to parse some source , transform the AST , and then output it again preserving the original layout . The current proposal , which can be seen at [ 1 ] and a proof of concept implementation at [ 2 ] returns a structure keyed to each AST element containing simply the specific SrcSpan 's not already captured in the AST . This is the analogue of the Language.Haskell.Exts.Annotated.Syntax from haskell-src-exts , except a custom SrcSpanInfo structure is provided for each AST element constructor , and it is not embedded within the AST . [ 1 ] https : //ghc.haskell.org/trac/ghc/wiki/GhcAstAnnotations [ 2 ] https : //phabricator.haskell.org/D297 So , apart from HaRe , are there any other users who would be interested in using this ? Regards Alan -- -- -- -- -- -- -- next part -- -- -- -- -- -- -- An HTML attachment was scrubbed ... URL : < http : //www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20141001/c2587307/attachment.html >
Bundesbank president Jens Weidmann has said the German central bank supported Ireland 's unsuccessful efforts at the ECB in 2010 to secure debt write-downs .
In an interview with The Irish Times , Dr Weidmann said the Bundesbank did not share the concerns of then ECB president Jean-Claude Trichet that debt write-downs of investors posed too great a stability risk for the currency union .
“ In that debate the Bundesbank has always considered it important to make investors bear the risks of their investment decisions , ” said Dr Weidmann . “ And already then [ it ] favoured contributions of investors in the event of solvency problems , especially for banks that are to be wound down . ”
The Bundesbank says it was “ all but alone ” in supporting Ireland against Mr Trichet , but that the majority of the ECB governing council backed Mr Trichet . In negotiations with former minister for finance Brian Lenihan , and in subsequent letters late in 2010 , Mr Trichet closed the door to burden-sharing with investors .
Mr Trichet wrote that “ any additional capital requirements ” for restructuring Anglo Irish Bank and other Irish institutions requiring assistance “ must be covered with cash injections by the government ” .
Debt-sharing
For the Bundesbank , however , the principle of debt-sharing being requested by Ireland was one that should have been maintained despite the extraordinary financial circumstances of the time . Despite its backing for Ireland in 2010 , the Bundesbank was critical of last year 's ECB deal to replace promissory notes to support the defunct Anglo with long-term bonds .
Dr Weidmann said the agreement was a “ dangerous blurring of monetary and fiscal policy ” that “ risks being perceived as monetary financing ” – forbidden by the ECB rule book .
“ This would bring central banks into a situation where monetary stability is dominated by fiscal policy , ” they said .
A year on , Dr Weidmann suggested that the highly technical arrangement , which drew little attention in Germany and elsewhere in the euro area , might be considered “ a kind of compensation for the Irish support to its banking system ” .
120 per cent debt
The Bundesbank leader conceded that Ireland 's 120 per cent debt-to-GDP ratio remains a burden on Ireland 's economy and did n't rule out further concessions on easing Ireland 's debt legacy burden .
But they made clear that no more movement is likely on the central bank side , while , at political level , recent European agreements suggest that “ legacy bank debt remains a primarily national responsibility ” .
“ I assume that Ireland , now out of the programme , will be able to meet its commitments without any external assistance , ” they said . “ I do n't think it is in Ireland 's interest now to raise doubts about its readiness to service its debt . ”
If jobs were handed down like hereditary titles , Brent Zitello would be heir to a position in the steel industry . Their maternal grandfather spent their life in the steel mills that once girded this city 's economy ; their father worked on the railroads that served U.S. Steel and , later , after being laid off , for a steel-scrap company .
But most of the mills are long gone , and for the past two years Brent and their wife , Lisa , have run a shop called Fresh Prints . In a storefront they rent for just $ 300 a month , the couple sell customized T-shirts they silk-screen by hand .
“ We were so ingrained as a steel town by our parents and our grandparents , it was hard for people to realize that we have to go in another direction , ” says Brent 's mother , Dottie , who also has a daughter with a cosmetology business . “ My children got out of that mold . They knew they had to go in a different direction . ”
Youngstown 's economy , battered for decades , is still looking for direction . There are signs of new life — a technology incubator downtown , some new construction , a handful of new restaurants and a four-year-old steel plant that makes pipe for shale oil and gas drilling . The city also enjoys spillover effects from the revived General Motors plant in nearby Lordstown , where about 4,500 workers churn out the popular Chevrolet Cruze .
But nobody 's calling it a turnaround . The city 's population is still declining — 21 percent since 2000 — to fewer than 65,000 people . Of those , 37 percent live in poverty . Local Air Force reservists have practiced their demolition skills by knocking down some of the city 's thousands of abandoned homes . In the broader metropolitan region , the jobless rate is 6.1 percent , well above the statewide average of 4.8 percent . In general , the new jobsdo n't pay as much as the old .
Between the convention cities of Cleveland and Philadelphia is an America distressed by job losses but also running on hope fueled by new immigrants . ( Lee Powell/The Washington Post )
Into this cauldron have come this year 's presidential campaigns , promising economic salvation . If people are planning to vote their pocketbooks , what will that mean in this part of the swing state of Ohio , where Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are vying for votes ?
The answer is n't obvious . Youngstown has been plagued by economic problems ever since “ Black Monday ” on Sept. 19 , 1977 , when Youngstown Sheet & Tube closed its plants , soon followed by the exits of U.S. Steel and Republic Steel . The region 's economic hangover has outlasted Republican and Democratic presidents , no matter how earnestly they pledged to fix things here .
This year , Clinton is focusing on mobilizing African Americans and women . Them campaign hopes they will be loyal to the party of President Obama , who helped keep the doors open at the Lordstown plant after GM filed for bankruptcy in 2009 and who channeled some economic stimulus money to Youngstown .
Meanwhile , Trump has tried to make inroads among the area 's traditionally Democratic union households by vowing to scrap trade deals , fend off foreign competition and revive the steel industry . “ Under a Trump administration , we are going to bring back our steel jobs and we are going to rebuild this nation , ” they said in September .
There 's not much evidence that most voters are counting on the next president to help them much . Charlene Long , a member of the United Auto Workers and Democratic foot soldier making calls one afternoon , says one union member they reached supported Trump — not because of any economic policy but because “ he said Hillary 's a liar and they would n't put that trash in the White House . ”
And Dottie Zitello , who calls themselves a Reagan Democrat and plans to vote for Clinton , says : “ Some people are waiting for the mills to come back . I do n't care who wins the election . The mills are not coming back . ”
Private industry
The clanging of finished steel pipe reverberates in the new steel mill , 10 stories high and five-eighths of a mile long .
Jack Filak and Tracey Oates of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees visit union-member households on behalf of the Clinton campaign . ( Dustin Franz for The Washington Post )
The mill 's furnace spits out orange , glowing tubes of steel pipe , which are cooled and shaped and piled in warehousing racks five stories high .
Though most steel mills have shut their doors in Youngstown , a French-owned company called Vallourec Star invested $ 1 billion to open this new plant here in 2012 . Lured by the boom in gas and oil drilling in Pennsylvania 's huge Marcellus shale formation and Ohio 's Utica formation , Vallourec began producing steel tubes for use in drilling wells .
The company got a little help from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 : $ 17 million to clean up the site and get rid of hazardous waste . “ The $ 17 million may sound small , but every dollar adds up , ” says Nicolas de Coignac , senior vice president of Vallourec USA . “ It was the first money we had to put in there . Having support from the city and the federal money also helped us pick this specific location . ”
For the most part , however , the mill arose from natural market forces . Thanks to advances in drilling technology known as hydraulic fracturing , or fracking , and next-door Pennsylvania 's gas-rich shale , the drilling-rig count in Pennsylvania soared from 14 in 2007 to 114 in February 2012 .
But then , as quickly as the shale-drilling boom started , it fizzled as natural-gas prices plunged . The Pennsylvania rig count fell to 19 early this year .
For Youngstown , the effect was dishearteningly familiar : more layoffs .
After recruiting and training hundreds of young workers on the new equipment and running the mill at close to full capacity in 2014 , Vallourec had to slash its head count by about 35 percent .
“ This cut has been a very , very terrible one , ” de Coignac says .
Recently the U.S. rig count has started to edge up , and Vallourec hopes that will create more demand . “ We still consider what we did an excellent move to build this plant , ” de Coignac says . “ We are convinced that in the medium to long term it will recover , though maybe not as high . ”
Public money
In their 2013 State of the Union address , Obama gave a shout-out to Youngstown .
“ Last year , we created our first manufacturing innovation institute in Youngstown , Ohio , ” they said . “ A once-shuttered warehouse is now a state-of-the art lab where new workers are mastering the 3-D printing that has the potential to revolutionize the way we make almost everything . There 's no reason this ca n't happen in other towns . ”
The year before , the president had pledged $ 35 million and later injected an additional $ 30 million , to be matched by funds from industry . “ With this initiative , Youngstown is poised to become the epicenter of burgeoning new industries , ” the White House said in a statement .
Four years after its launch , the institute now known as America Makes occupies an old furniture warehouse , handsomely remodeled with cubicles , meeting rooms and a dozen or so 3-D printing machines . These sophisticated printers can create industrial parts or devices from digital models sent from anywhere .
Yet on this October day , no one is on the main floor using the machines , which seem more like museum pieces ; upstairs sits a handful of administrators . One conference room 's walls are covered with writing from a recent seminar .
The institute has n't lived up to everyone 's expectations . “ We really did n't get those dollars , ” says Thomas M. Humphries , president of the Youngstown/Warren Regional Chamber . Only half a dozen of the institute 's 180 members are located in Youngstown .
Rob Gorham , director of operations at America Makes , says there is “ a lot of misperception about what an institute is . ”
“ People expect to see people in lab coats , ” they say . “ We want lab coats but out in the industrial base . Our role is more about coordinating that . We 're the conductor of an orchestra . ”
Gorham says a “ major part ” of the money — now mostly used up — went to support existing advanced manufacturing programs in industry and at universities . “ We did n't want to create some facility that exists already , ” they say . “ . . . We 're more than invention and less than commercialization . ”
Probably the best-known product by a local firm that has received funding from America Makes is the larger-than-life Trump bobblehead that was on display in July near the Republican National Convention in Cleveland .
Humphries says Obama 's plug “ helped us not monetarily but with our reputation . It was a good shot in the arm to get national recognition . ”
That has helped bolster a program next door called the Youngstown Business Incubator . It has used about $ 5 million in federal funds to renovate four connected buildings that now house offices with more than 400 people , mostly working on technology ideas . One of YBI 's spinoffs : education and business software maker Turning Technologies , which employs more than 300 people .
The incubator 's chief executive , Jim Cossler , tries to persuade companies to locate here , selling the city as the halfway point of a “ tech belt ” stretching from Cleveland to Pittsburgh .
He 's also offering another thing to struggling start-ups : cheap real estate . Renting space at one of the incubator 's buildings can cost as little as $ 8 a square foot per year , including utilities .
Cossler 's incubator firms are hiring people with advanced degrees , not the low-skilled unemployed . Those people must turn to positions such as the 5,000 call-center jobs that Youngstown has lured here over the past 15 years ,
“ I 'm not pretending that this organization is going to turn this city around , ” Cossler says . “ But it 's a piece of the puzzle . ”
On the streets
To win Ohio , Clinton will need a lopsided victory in Youngstown , a traditional Democratic stronghold where 1 in 5 registered voters is a union member .
And so Jack Filak and Tracey Oates , officials from the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , put on their slickers on this rainy afternoon and go knocking on the doors of union households .
Phil Socha , a truck driver in their mid-40s , saunters out of their garage and assures them that they were behind Clinton .
“ Trump scares me , ” they say . Anyway , they add , “ what we have now is n't terrible. ” Socha usually drives loads of windows and doors for houses . After the bank and housing bust of 2008 , Socha 's time on the road fell from the usual 60 hours a week to 40 . But then the Obama administration put into the stimulus bill a clause giving tax credits for energy-efficient windows . Socha 's hours snapped back up to 60 a week , they say , “ and it 's been going ever since . ”
Dottie Zitello has also seen a stream of people finding work in truck driving . They work as education director at a private technical institute just west of Youngstown that trains truck drivers and truck engine mechanics . Many of the people who enroll are on their second or third careers , and many come from careers such as nursing in search of better pay . Some came after being laid off by Vallourec .
“ I think there has been a recovery here , ” Zitello says . “ It 's just smaller than we 'd like it to be . ”
Given Trump 's relative strength among white and non-college-educated voters , though , Ohio should be fertile territory : Eighty-four percent of its voters are white , and 60 percent have not attended college . Mark Mangie , treasurer of the Mahoning County Republican Party , says Democrats have neglected Youngstown . Trump voters “ are ‘ America first ' kind of folks , ” Mangie says . “ They feel people in this area have taken it on the chin . . . . Those are the people the Democratic Party shoved out , and they 're coming to us . ”
And , they say , “ we have a lot of Traficant Democrats , ” referring to the late James A. Traficant Jr. , an iconoclastic advocate for the disenfranchised who was convicted on corruption charges in 2002 and expelled from Congress . “ He went to jail and was a crook and a dirty politician , but that does n't mean they were wrong , ” Mangie says . “ We 've actually quoted some of their stuff in our local party stuff . ”
In a dilapidated intersection on Youngstown 's rugged east side , Michael Dulay , 25 , is sitting at the bar at the Royal Oaks , a Youngstown stalwart that opened in 1934 . Dulay is the housing-project manager for the Youngstown Neighborhood Development Corp .
Who 's to blame for Youngstown 's situation ? And who will fix it ? “ Our problems started in the late '70s when the mills closed down , ” Dulay says . “ We do n't rely on the government . We 've learned to rely on ourselves . ”
One of the two brothers who bought the bar and barbecue place 15 years ago steps over . They are named John F. Kennedy because their father , who once shook hands with the president , vowed to name their next son for them after the assassination . The Youngstown Kennedy sports a shaggy goatee and a polo shirt from their day job at the Mahoning County Board of Elections , where they are in charge of the voting machines . They have some choice words about Trump 's assertion that the elections will be rigged .
As it is , Kennedy says , they frequently get complaints from conspiracy theorists . “ Like I need more nuts calling me , ” they say .
The Royal Oaks has seen some big customers move away . A privately run prison used to occasionally order 2,000 wings from the bar , but it has transferred its inmates to other facilities in Ohio . On the hopeful side , Kennedy says , a new plant might be on the way for manufacturing special cooling technology for canned drinks . And just last year , their taproom got a badly needed makeover from a reality-TV show called “ Bar Rescue . ”
“ You ca n't keep us down , ” they say . “ We 've seen the bottom , and it ca n't get worse . ”
steven.mufson @ washpost.com
Hey friends , As you know , it was recently brought into question whether or not the OnePlus One uses Gorilla Glass 3 in its displays.We purchase our displays as a pre-built assembly from an extremely reputable supplier named TPK . Our display units use Synaptics touch panels protected by Gorilla Glass 3 . Because we do n't buy the glass and touch panels separately , we are n't a direct customer of Corning . This is actually a very common method of sourcing displays , and we certainly are n't the only ones doing this . This website was used as evidence to suggest that we do n't actually use Gorilla Glass 3 on the OnePlus One . You 'll notice some other notable exemptions from that list . Just as an example , a lot of Sony smartphones use Gorilla Glass 3 , yet they are absent from the list in question . We do n't presume to know about Sony 's production methods , but it 's likely that they are n't on the Corning list for the same reasons we aren't.We use Gorilla Glass 3 . Here is the list of suppliers that we posted on our Facebook page , all the way back in March : You 'll notice that TPK has been a close partner of ours since the beginning , and they source Gorilla Glass 3 from Corning.Additionally , here is the design blueprint for the OnePlus One ( with all sensitive data removed ) : You 'll notice that the glass material is listed as `` Corning Gorilla Glass 2320 , '' which is the industry name for Gorilla Glass 3.All of this being said , there have been a lot of accusations brought against our company in just the past couple weeks . A handful of people claimed that we were selling used or refurbished phones as new , and almost immediately , it was accepted as fact amongst a lot of the community . This of course was in no way accurate , and we posted an official response here Now , we are posting documents to show that we use Gorilla Glass 3 on the OnePlus One.We are n't complaining . The fact that we are able to directly interact with our customers at a deeper level than any of our competitors is one of our biggest strengths . But , there have been moments where it seems a bit like a witch hunt.We 're still a startup , and we have a very small team . We have put a lot of time and effort into being extremely forthcoming in response to the recent accusations . Over the past few days , we have personally conducted a thorough investigation of our factories and logistical partners , working right alongside affected customers . We 've been extremely transparent about our investigations , and we even publicly posted tracking information of our shipping containers to prove factory shipment dates . Now , we 've posted previously-confidential images of our design , just in order to put our customer 's minds at ease about the materials used.So , we feel that we 've been very transparent and forthcoming . But , it takes a little bit of time for our team to thoroughly investigate all of these claims and develop correct ( and legal ) responses . All we ask is that you try not to give legitimacy to every negative thing you hear about us , and we humbly ask that you give us a chance before acting on anecdotal evidence . We can continue to provide proof for all of our components and methods , as we have nothing to hide . However , we 'd much rather spend our time innovating and creating a great experience for our customers.Never Settle .
Along the road between Jalalabad and Asadabad , two cities in eastern Afghanistan , an American truck is broken down as Afghan vehicles approach . A U.S. soldier steps out to stop oncoming traffic and begins to scream obscenities and , with their rifle butt , hit cars ( including mine ) that do n't move back fast enough . This will block the road for almost an hour and brew distrust and even hatred between American troops and the local population . Isolated incident ? Unfortunately no .
Afghans say that this is just one minor incident in a series of more serious events . Nine children were recently shot down from an American helicopter in Kunar province after the pilot mistakenly thought they were insurgents . And shortly before I witnessed tensions mounting on the roadside , more than sixty civilians were killed in a coalition bombing .
Far from being contained to a specific area , the rejection of foreigners and international troops is pervasive across Afghanistan . This is a major problem for the coalition . A few outrageously manipulated polls notwithstanding , Afghans obviously see the coalition as an occupying force . With war crimes committed by some rogue U.S. troops and vile pictures of American servicemen smiling near the bodies of dead civilians still circulating widely via mobile phone—even to the most remote Afghan villages—the credibility of the coalition is destroyed .
Sermons in mosques—even in central Kabul—frequently reflect a growing exasperation with U.S. involvement in the country . While some of the recent violence during protests following the burning of the Quran in the United States may have been caused by extremists , these demonstrations clearly show that most Afghan people are frustrated .
President Karzai is trying to channel popular sentiment by passing laws inspired by fundamentalists . In the latest instance , wedding dresses now must be “ decent ” not to violate a strict interpretation of sharia law . But Karzai is not the winner in this—insurgents are clearly benefiting most from rising anti-Western feelings .
Osama bin Laden 's killing this week was undoubtedly a good thing , but it does n't solve the problem of al-Qaeda or win the war in Afghanistan .
Rejection of the West 's involvement continues to grow . When General Petraeus , the architect of the 2007 surge in Iraq and next CIA director , arrived as the new commander of American forces in Afghanistan in June 2010 , they brought a change in strategy but failed to win more support from Afghans . Protecting the population now comes second , with priority given to disrupting the Taliban 's insurgency as much as possible . Reforming the government has fallen off the agenda and the coalition is supporting corrupt officials , particularly in the south , and helping mostly discredited militias that are largely ineffective and always unpopular . And military operations in Kandahar have destroyed many private estates and orchards .
And to make matters worse , the unpopular Western forces and their tactics still are n't going to win the war with the insurgency . There are more Taliban than a year ago and targeted assassinations of the group 's leaders are further radicalizing the movement .
Withdrawing Western forces in the coming years will undoubtedly give up territory to the insurgents . There is no way that the Afghan army will be big and strong enough to resist the Taliban . We have already seen this in the east following the evacuation of several U.S. bases . Insurgents have taken control in numerous valleys and radical groups—including Lashkar-e-Taiba and al-Qaeda—now enjoy sanctuary in Afghanistan .
Sad record : more than ten years after the invasion , the coalition ca n't even guarantee that radical groups will not use Afghanistan as a sanctuary despite the successful raid on bin Laden 's hiding place deep within Pakistan .
The United States needs to rethink its strategy today and begin negotiating the best possible solution with the insurgency if it wants to leave anytime soon . Bin Laden 's death gives Washington an opportunity to do just that . President Obama now enjoys a certain degree of political cover to change gears in Afghanistan and negotiate with the Taliban—it does n't ensure success , but it 's the only hope left .
TIMPERLEY , England , March 6 ( UPI ) -- A British man who rescued a 108-year-old vacuum cleaner from ending up in a landfill said the machine is still in working order .
Harry Cox , 53 , of Timperley , England , who is now believed to be the owner of the world 's oldest working vacuum cleaner , said they found the 1904 American Sturtevant vacuum cleaner No.4 in a room full of items headed from paper company W L Coller of Greater Manchester to a landfill , the Mirror reported Tuesday .
`` I like to collect things that are getting thrown away , restore them and give them a new lease of life . It makes me feel good , '' Cox said .
However , Cox said their wife prefers to clean their home with a more modern -- and less noisy -- model .
The previous record holder for oldest working vacuum was Bill Whitwam of Leicester , England , who has a 1929 Hoover Senior in operating condition .
Here is a sentence you do n't read very often : Boris Johnson has not been getting enough publicity . The mayor of London and wannabe prime minister has not received the attention that they deserve for the extraordinary personal political credo that they unveiled in the Margaret Thatcher lecture to the Centre for Policy Studies , a speech that may prove to be a defining moment in their career , though not in quite the way that its author intended .
Where on earth do we start ? Let 's begin with their view of what drives human nature in general and capitalist economies in particular . The speech was highly illuminating – not about what really makes society tick , but about what goes on inside the whirling head of mayor Johnson . It is their contention that `` greed '' and `` the spirit of envy '' are not vices to be regretted , but virtues to be lauded because they are `` a valuable spur to economic activity '' . This was not a throwaway line , a light aside , just another one of those provocative Johnsonian sallies designed to wind up lefties and stimulate the erogenous zones of the right wing of the Tory party . It was central to their argument . They hailed greed and envy as emotions to be celebrated because that was at the heart of their contention that inequality is not only inevitable , it is desirable and necessary as an engine of economic growth .
There are not many arguments that are simultaneously pitiless towards the poor and rude to the successful , but with this one they achieved that rare double whammy . The Johnsonian philosophy tells the less well off that they should accept and endure their fate as the price to be paid for generating the envy that lubricates the wheels of capitalism . At the same time , they manage to be offensive to genuine entrepreneurs by telling them that their primary motivator is greed . The third problem with their argument is that it is just rubbish .
To see it for the tripe that it is , I recommend a brilliant new book by John Kay entitled Obliquity . They marshal many examples to demonstrate that the simple-minded pursuit of profit and material gain is precisely the wrong way to go about creating a valuable business . Henry Ford grew the company to which they gave their name because they wanted to build motor cars and have them owned by as many people as possible . Boeing became the world 's most successful manufacturer of aircraft not out of love of money but because it wanted to make the best passenger jets . Bill Gates became so huge because they had a passion for computers . Warren Buffett , who rivals Gates for being the world 's richest man , still lives in the bungalow in Omaha they bought 50 years ago and their favourite dinner is a Nebraskan steak washed down with cherry Coke .
Their great wealth , a lot of which they have given away , is a marker of their status as the world 's shrewdest investor , not a desire for material goods . Mr Kay compellingly argues that the pursuit of gain for its own sake – the greed worshipped by mayor Johnson – is usually the most disastrous way to run a business . `` That obsession frequently destroys them or the organisations that attract them . '' The folly of Lehman Brothers is one of many examples from the Great Crash that illustrate that .
It is worrying that the mayor of Britain 's largest city does not understand what makes the difference between successful and destructive capitalism . It gets more disturbing when we move on to their musings about human intelligence . Opined the man who would like to lead Britain : `` It is surely relevant to a conversation about equality that as many as 16 % of our species have an IQ below 85 , while about 2 % have an IQ above 130 . '' The bizarre reference to humankind as `` our species '' drew from Nick Clegg the rebuke that Mr Johnson was talking about people as if they were `` like a breed of dogs '' .
The fundamental reason to object to this element of the Johnsonian creed is not that they are breaking some supposed taboo with their crudely expressed , but not terribly controversial , notion that human beings differ in their natural abilities and some of that difference is inherited . The real problem here is with the implied conclusion that the poor are poor because they are born stupid , the rich are rich because they spring from the womb destined to be that way , and there 's nothing much anyone can do about it except to urge the wealthy not to be too `` heartless '' and let a few of the talented poor into the elite .
This is another argument that manages to be brutal to the less advantaged while simultaneously insulting those who have thrived . To those who have done well , it says that their achievements have not been earned by their application or determination , but are the result of a genetic windfall . To those who struggle , it says that they should blame their lot on the lousy biological hand they were dealt by their parents and just suck it up .
Aldous Huxley called Brave New World , their dark depiction of a future for humankind in which everyone is conditioned to know their place , a `` negative utopia '' . Children are born into various castes , which are sub-divided into `` Plus '' and `` Minus '' members . Each caste is designed to serve predetermined roles in society from which they can never break free . There are the Gammas , Deltas and Epsilons who are bred to do the menial tasks and chemically manipulated to prevent them from wanting to be anything more than they are . At the top sits a tiny elite of Alphas who wield the power .
I do n't know whether the mayor of London is familiar with Huxley 's novel . They might like one of its conceits : to sustain the placidity of the population , recreational and promiscuous sex is strongly encouraged by the state . I am sure they would protest that this was not their intention , but the vision of society that they promote is not entirely remote from Huxley 's chilling dystopia . The mayor , who presumably regards themselves as an Alpha Plus , is effectively telling the person who cleans their office , whom they dismiss as an Epsilon Minus , that their unequal fates are preordained at birth .
`` Why on earth enter this territory ? '' asks one close ally of David Cameron . `` Anything that has the whiff of eugenics is just not smart . A lot of people read that and thought , 'Oh , fuck , Boris . Do you really want to say that ? ' ''
Officially , Number 10 is trying to avoid comment , not wanting to draw the prime minister into a confrontation with their fellow old Etonian . But if Mr Cameron is asked about it directly , they will surely be obliged to disown it , having previously made speeches arguing that inequality does matter and so do extremes of it because they are unhealthy both for society and the economy . There is a mixed reaction around the prime minister to the mayor 's effusion . Some of Mr Cameron 's circle struggle to conceal relish that the troublesome rival over the water has scored a spectacular own goal . That pleasure is blended with distress that the mayor has made the Tories sound not only elitist , but absolutely thrilled to be so , and in a way more devastating than any Labour or Lib Dem politician could ever do .
One Conservative MP groans : `` You can already see the Labour posters , 'Greed is good , says Boris Johnson . ' ''
It seems only appropriate that I should conclude with a quick political intelligence test especially devised for the mayor of London .
1 . The Conservative party has a damaging reputation among the many voters who see it as motivated by a desire to promote the interests of the rich and privileged . Tory strategists believe that this is a formidable obstacle that must be overcome by your party if it is to stay in office beyond the next election . In an important speech , would it help the Tory cause if you were to celebrate privilege and greed ?
2 . The Conservative party is also charged with being disdainful of ordinary people . Labour have clearly and repeatedly signalled that they plan to fight the next election campaign by attacking the Tories for not caring about the majority . Would it be smart to suggest that large swaths of the population should be written off on the grounds that they are too thick to compete ?
3 . The Lib Dems say that only their presence in government has prevented the Tory party from being extreme and nasty and they will turn up the volume on this message the closer we get to the next election . Thinking about how you might deal with the accusation that you are in favour of an unfair society , would it demonstrate a high level of brain function to suggest that inequality is a jolly admirable thing ?
4 . Would it be helpful to the Tory cause to liken society to a cereal packet and say : `` The harder you shake the pack , the easier it will be for some cornflakes to get to the top '' ? Would dismissing millions of voters as small cornflakes at the bottom of the pack send an attractive message to the electorate ?
5 . Finally , and think very carefully about this one : however much a politician may crave attention , would you agree that there are times when even the most needy of them would be better off keeping their mouth shut ?
Summary
Sentience Politics , a project by the Stiftung für Effektiven Altruismus ( Effective Altruism Foundation ) , is launching a popular initiative for fundamental rights for primates in Basel , Switzerland . On collecting 3000 signatures , the world 's first legally binding vote on fundamental rights for a non-human species will take place . As most people oppose animal testing on primates , the law has a decent chance of passing . This could create a legal precedent for other species . Moreover , it could cause huge public debate on speciesism and enable more far-reaching demands for animal rights . Sentience Politics is currently trying to raise €80,000 for the initiative .
This post contains a detailed project description which is also available in PDF format .
To make a donation , please visit our fundraiser page .
Project description
Sentience Politics is calling for fundamental rights to life and to mental and physical integrity for non-human primates . It is doing this by means of a popular initiative in the Swiss canton Basel-Stadt . This initiative could protect several hundred primates from harrowing and deadly interventions . And for the first time , ethical discrimination according to species will be questioned in a referendum .
Chimpanzees , orangutans , bonobos , macaques and other non-human primates are highly intelligent , can communicate with humans in sign language , are capable of suffering and feel empathy for others . They can remember past events and plan for the future . Like us humans , they have fundamental interests not to suffer and not to be killed .
However , animal protection legislation does not take these interests into account . We experiment on primates under the most painful conditions and even deny their most basic needs – often for studies with highly questionable uses . The same interests should be considered and protected in the same way , independently from the species of an individual . In our policy paper , “ Fundamental rights for primates ” , we clarify the philosophical , biological and legal arguments for these fundamental rights in detail .
The speciesism debate in politics , society and the media
Each year , 60 billion land animals are raised and slaughtered in factory farms worldwide – most of them in awful conditions . Factory farming affects many more animals than research , and is therefore a more pressing ethical problem . However , fundamental rights for primates are ideally suited to question discrimination by species – speciesism – at a social level . While few people choose a vegetarian or vegan lifestyle , a majority of the Swiss population disapproves of animal testing on primates . For example , in non-representative online polls , 62 % and 84 % voted for our fundamental rights initiative . These demands are removed from the context of food . This means that decision makers in politics , the media and the economy are readier to take a positive position on animal rights . Personal consumption of meat is not affected – and therefore does not need to be rationalised . Voters can tick “ yes ” in the polling booth , without having to consider their own eating habits .
The initiative has good chances of success and could create a precedent . If for the first time some non-human animals are granted fundamental rights , it will become easier to grant pigs , cows and chickens similar rights later on . The initiative is therefore a foot in the door for more far-reaching demands .
Only 3000 signatures need to be collected for a popular initiative in the canton of Basel-Stadt . Popular initiatives nevertheless bring with them intense media reporting and public debate . Right from the start of the initiative , the biggest Swiss newspapers reported positively on the petition for a referendum . If the initiative passes , there could even be international reporting . For example , the fundamental rights action of the “ Nonhuman Rights Project ” for US chimpanzees made headlines globally – long before the judgement . Even if the initiative does not achieve a majority , an awareness victory with over 35 % voting yes is foreseeable . Past experience shows that popular initiatives can greatly influence sociopolitical debates over the long-term ( for example in the case of the “ Group for a Switzerland without an Army ” ) . If the first initiative is successful , then similar initiatives in other regions and states are conceivable .
Support us
The costs of signature collection and campaign work run altogether to 80,000 euros , which mostly go on wages .
To support the initiative now , please visit our fundraiser page . Thank you for your donation !
Further information
Website : grundrechte-primaten.org ( German )
Proposed legislation
The constitution of the canton Basel-Stadt will be changed as follows :
§ 11 Fundamental right guarantees
2 This constitution moreover guarantees :
c. ( new ) the right of non-human primates to life and to mental and physical integrity .
Official grounds
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Gou ... the eye ... officials are at more than one hundred alleged criminal ... what 's being called the largest single day takedown of the law ... welcome to this special edition of the news that I 'm helping covered and joining me for Wall Street Journal Sean Gardner has been on the story thanks for being here for a sort of thing then again I did this and what do we know that is the wrath of in terms of numbers the business the largest single use the single takedown in the history of of them up as far as the rest ... to come over the ball here ... you know the ghost on gambling as is one to fester until Mickelson spin on the sidewalk murder ... in everything in between the the the revenues off that this sort of that that that the charges to be so wide ranging and something like that 's what 's unusual is that these usually do n't go up to one family ... Micron family and ... no charged with everything in to get the retelling this case ... the tall five minutes and families ... they have the Cavalcanti family at a New Jersey and they have n't joined the mob out of profits ... and ... to try and make what looks like one humongous ... Rico case involving ... basically you know ... all the ... old the mob from the Northeast ... and mopping and as one organisation which ... takes it added ... and the people might think of them are something of the past it with the movies are on you know the soprano that the specialist I like that but the house the region is still exerted ... out a wide influence ... of an empty Spencer ... London is certainly not what they were in a heated swimming ... pilots in the fifties on now ... that they get knocked down not that not to ... start in the nineteen eighties its use in the racketeering influenced corrupt that well ... organizations Act Rico ... um and that really ... know until tomorrow and have the commission 's trial in nineteen eighty six ... I 'm in a set of three and five has been in New York City ... and since then ... you know ... basically every year the mobs power has been waning but it ... was like cockroaches me you know it 's like I can read them because ... though the allure of the mob is you give money no going to work ... and so they 're always Eels recruitment rudeness to Latino gambling prostitution drugs ... cycles all those things do n't always see them on dozens ... the Federal agent thing about at the impact of today 's ... still there ... the federal agents are saying is you know is a great success for long Forstmann but ... um you know ... they brought up the same kind of thing that people think the mob is that Mr Mosley five and its ... what it is the next step from here what would we think will happen next in terms of its morass ... um I think a lot of people Leo ... and I think they love to go to jail it 's the religious Umar Nemo Appin ... is lot people take their places than ... ten years now ever since the bottom of was that because the man under arrest and ... two thousand and eleven ... and the boss of the tools of the FBI agencies to to survive and make their case irritant or freezer us about them and it 's nothing new ... nothing in the same things wiretaps ... and its ... threats ... basically ... that the sentences is so heavy ... that ... you get someone on something on a wiretap the NMB cash for another crime ... this is the one doing is what Joyou one incorporate ... a lot of people want to use its ... sights on card I thank you so much U N J a time and finish on ... Wall Street Journal and a fall of this story ... and all the developments that outcome Adam its outgoing foreign courses the fall it said one of the beest dot com the thing is that for now I 'm Kelsey covered any ... Sts SJM 's ...
By Robert Engelman
Yale Environment 360 , October 13 , 2011
Demographers are predicting that the world population will climb to 10 billion later this century . But with the planet heating up and growing numbers of people putting increasing pressure on water and food supplies and on life-sustaining ecosystems , will this project population boom turn into a bust ?
The hard part about predicting the future , someone once said , is that it has n't happened yet . So it 's a bit curious that so few experts question the received demographic wisdom that the Earth will be home to roughly 9 billion people in 2050 and a stable 10 billion at the century 's end . Demographers seem comfortable projecting that life expectancy will keep rising while birth rates drift steadily downward , until human numbers hold steady with 3 billion more people than are alive today .
What 's odd about this demographic forecast is how little it seems to square with environmental ones . There 's little scientific dispute that the world is heading toward a warmer and harsher climate , less dependable water and energy supplies , less intact ecosystems with fewer species , more acidic oceans , and less naturally productive soils .
Are we so smart and inventive that not one of these trends will have any impact on the number of human beings the planet sustains ?
When you put demographic projections side by side with environmental ones , the former actually mock the latter , suggesting that nothing in store for us will be more than an irritant . Human life will be less pleasant , perhaps , but it will never actually be threatened .
Some analysts , ranging from scientists David Pimentel of Cornell University to financial advisor and philanthropist Jeremy Grantham , dare to underline the possibility of a darker alternative future . Defying the optimistic majority , they suggest that humanity long ago overshot a truly sustainable world population , implying that apocalyptic horsemen old and new could cause widespread death as the environment unravels . Most writers on environment and population are loathe to touch such predictions . But we should be asking , at least , whether such possibilities are real enough to temper the usual demographic confidence about future population projections .
For now , we can indeed be highly confident that world population will top 7 billion by the end of this year . We 're close to that number already and currently adding about 216,000 people per day . But the United Nations “ medium variant ” population projection , the gold standard for expert expectation of the demographic future , takes a long leap of faith : It assumes no demographic influence from the coming environmental changes that could leave us living on what NASA climatologist James Hansen has dubbed “ a different planet . ”
How different ?
Significantly warmer , according to the 2007 assessment of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change — as much as 10 degrees Fahrenheit more than today on average .
Sea levels from two to six feet higher than today 's — vertically , meaning that seawater could move hundreds of feet inland over currently inhabited coastal land .
Greater extremes of both severe droughts and intense storms .
Shifting patterns of infectious disease as new landscapes open for pathogen survival and spread .
Disruptions of global ecosystems as rising temperatures and shifting precipitation patterns buffet and scatter animal and plant species .
The eventual melting of Himalayan glaciers , upsetting supplies of fresh water on which 1.3 billion South Asians and Chinese ( and , of course , that number is rising ) depend on food production .
And that 's just climate change , based on the more dramatic end of the range the IPCC and other scientific groups project . Yet even if we leave aside the likelihood of a less accommodating climate , population growth itself undermines the basis for its own continuation in other ways .
Per-capita supply of renewable fresh water
Since 1900 , countries home to nearly half the world 's people have moved into conditions of chronic water stress or scarcity based on falling per-capita supply of renewable fresh water . Levels of aquifers and even many lakes around the world are falling as a result .
In a mere 14 years , based on median population projections , most of North Africa and the Middle East , plus Pakistan , South Africa and large parts of China and India , will be driven by water scarcity to increasing dependence on food imports “ even at high levels of irrigation efficiency , ” according to the International Water Management Institute .
Cultivatable land per person
The world 's net land under cultivation has scarcely expanded since 1960 , with millions of acres of farmland gobbled by urban development while roughly equal amounts of less fertile land come under the plow . The doubling of humanity has cut the amount of cropland per person in half . And much of this essential asset is declining in quality as constant production saps nutrients that are critical to human health , while the soil itself erodes through the double whammy of rough weather and less-than-perfect human care .
Fertilizer helps restore fertility ( though rarely micronutrients ) , but at ever-higher prices and through massive inputs of non-renewable resources such as oil , natural gas , and key minerals . Phosphorus in particular is a non-renewable mineral essential to all life , yet it is being depleted and wasted at increasingly rapid rates , leading to fears of imminent “ peak phosphorus . ”
We can recycle phosphorus , potassium , nitrogen , and other essential minerals and nutrients , but the number of people that even the most efficient recycling could support may be much less than today 's world population .
In 1997 , Canadian geographer Vaclav Smil calculated that were it not for the industrial fixation of nitrogen , the world 's population would probably not have exceeded 4 billion people — 3 billion fewer than are alive today .
It 's likely that organic agriculture can feed many more people than it does currently , but the hard accounting of the nutrients in today 's 7 billion human bodies , let alone tomorrow 's projected 10 billion , challenges the hope that a climate-neutral agriculture system could feed us all .
Pollinators and pest eaters
Food production also requires many services of nature that conventional agronomy tends to ignore in projecting future food supplies , and the dependability of these services appears to be fraying .
Roughly one out of every two or three forkfuls of food relies on natural pollination , yet many of the world 's most important pollinators are in trouble . Honeybees are succumbing to the tiny varroa mite , while vast numbers of bird species face threats ranging from habitat loss to housecats .
Bats and countless other pest-eaters are falling prey to environmental insults scientists do n't yet fully understand . And the loss of plant and animal biodiversity generally makes humanity ever-more dependent on a handful of key crop species and chemical inputs that make food production less , rather than more , resilient .
One need n't argue that the rising grain prices , food riots , and famine parts of the world have experienced in the past few years are purely an outcome of population growth to worry that at some point further growth will be limited by constrained food supplies .
Disease vectors from previously isolated ecosystems
As population growth sends human beings into ecosystems that were once isolated , new disease vectors encounter the attraction of large packages of protoplasm that walk on two legs and can move anywhere on the planet within hours .
In the last half-century , dozens of new infectious diseases have emerged . The most notable , HIV/AIDS , has led to some 25 million excess deaths , a megacity-sized number even in a world population of billions . In Lesotho , the pandemic pushed the death rate from 10 deaths per thousand people per year in the early 1990s to 18 per thousand a decade later . In South Africa the combination of falling fertility and HIV-related deaths has pressed down the population growth rate to 0.5 percent annually , half the rate of the United States .
As the world 's climate warms , the areas affected by such diseases will likely shift in unpredictable ways , with malarial and dengue-carrying mosquitoes moving into temporal zones while warming waters contribute to cholera outbreaks in areas once immune .
Weighing demographic impacts of environmental change and natural resource scarcity
To be fair , the demographers who craft population projections are not actively judging that birth , death , and migration rates are immune to the effects of environmental change and natural resource scarcity . Rather they argue , reasonably enough , that there is no scientifically rigorous way to weigh the likelihood of such demographic impacts . So it makes more sense to simply extend current trend lines in population change — rising life expectancy , falling fertility , higher proportions of people living in urban areas . These trends are then extrapolated into an assumedly surprise-free future . The well-known investor caveat that past performance is no guarantee of future results goes unstated in the conventional demographic forecast .
Is such a surprise-free future likely ?
That 's a subjective question each of us must answer based on our own experience and hunches . Next to no research has assessed the likely impacts of human-caused climate change , ecosystem disruption , or energy and resource scarcity on the two main determinants of demographic change : births and deaths .
Migration related to climate change is a more common subject for research , with projections ranging from 50 million to 1 billion people displaced by environmental factors — including climate change — by 2050 . The mainstream projections cluster around 200 million , but no one argues that there is a compelling scientific argument for any of these numbers .
The IPCC and other climate-change authorities have noted that extremely hot weather can kill , with the elderly , immune-compromised , low-income , or socially isolated among the most vulnerable . An estimated 35,000 people died during the European heat wave of 2003 . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention cites research projecting that heat-related deaths could multiply as much as seven-fold by the century 's end .
In the past few years , agronomists have lost some of their earlier confidence that food production , even with genetically modified crops , will keep pace with rising global populations in a changing climate . Already , weather-related disasters , from blistering heat waves to flooded farm fields , have contributed to widening gaps between food production and global consumption . The resulting price increases — stoked also by biofuels production encouraged in part to slow climate change — have led to food riots that cost lives and helped topple governments from the Middle East to Haiti .
If this is what we see a decade into the new century , what will unfold in the next 90 years ?
“ What a horrible world it will be if food really becomes short from one year to the next , ”
wheat physiologist Matthew Reynolds told The New York Times in June [ 2011 ] .
“ What will that do to society ? ”
What , more specifically , will it do to life expectancy , fertility , and migration ?
Fundamentally , these questions are unanswerable from the vantage point of the present , and there 's a lesson in this . We should n't be so confident that the demographers can expertly forecast what the world 's population will look like beyond the next few years . A few demographers are willing to acknowledge this themselves .
“ Continuing world population growth through mid-century seems nearly certain , ”
University of California , Berkeley , demographer Ronald Lee noted recently in Science .
“ But nearly all population forecasts… implicitly assume that population growth will occur in a neutral zone without negative economic or environmental feedback . [ Whether this occurs ] will depend in part on the success of policy measures to reduce the environmental impact of economic and demographic growth . ”
It 's certainly possible that ingenuity , resilience and effective governance will manage the stresses humanity faces in the decades ahead and will keep life expectancy growing in spite of them . Slashing per-capita energy and resource consumption would certainly help . A sustainable population size , it 's worth adding , will be easier to maintain if societies also assure women the autonomy and contraceptive means they need to avoid unwanted pregnancies .
For anyone paying attention to the science of climate change and the realities of a rapidly changing global environment , however , it seems foolish to treat projections of 10 billion people at the end of this century as respectfully as a prediction of a solar eclipse or the appearance of a well-studied comet . A bit more humility about population 's path in an uncertain and dangerous century would be more consistent with the fact that the future , like a comet astronomers have never spotted , has not yet arrived .
Robert Engelman is president of the Worldwatch Institute , an environmental research organization based in Washington , D.C . The Population Institute awarded their book , More : Population , Nature , and What Women Want , the Global Media Award for Individual Reporting in 2008 . A former newspaper reporter who covered science and politics , Engelman served on the faculty of Yale University as a visiting lecturer in the early 2000s and was founding secretary of the Society of Environmental Journalists .
Sources : Yale Environment 360 | Featured photo : Fruit bat pollinating a banana ( credit : Merlin Tuttle ) | Haiti Chery
Related :
– Rapid Changes to Global Water Cycle Imply Severer Floods , Droughts , Famines
– Too Many People , Too Much Consumption | The Most Overpopulated Nation
– The Oil We Eat : Following the Food Chain Back to Iraq
Rio de Janeiro ( CNN ) As Brazil 's beleaguered prisons continue to face problems involving drugs , corruption , escapes and riots , the pressure is on the government to fix what some analysts say are systemic and structural failures of the prison system .
This weekend saw 26 prisoners killed in a riot Saturday -- the fifth deadly one this year -- and another 28 escape Sunday
As the problems mount , some Brazilian states are turning to the federal government for help .
Brazilian President Michel Temer has proposed some fixes , but has not quelled the concerns of some human rights group .
`` We need a more rational prison system in Brazil . Our current system , by no fault of anyone specifically , arrests many people but not always the right people , '' Amnesty International 's Human Rights adviser Renata Neder said . `` We have a lot of prisoners who should not be in jail . ''
Wave of deadly riots
The first riot of the year erupted at the Anisio Jobim Prison Complex ( Compaj ) in the city of Manaus , between incarcerated members of the the Familia do Norte ( FDN ) and the Primeiro Comando da Capital ( PCC ) groups . The riot lasted for more than 17 hours and left 56 dead
The macabre nature of some of the deaths was alarming ; some of the prisoners were decapitated , with their bodies tossed over the prison gates while others were incinerated in their sleep .
It even elicited a reaction from Pope Francis .
The head of that prison has been removed from office while an investigation takes place , state-run media agency Agencia Brasil reported .
Sergio Fontes , the public safety secretary for the state of Amazonas , said that the riot started over control of the drug trade behind the prison walls .
`` They were n't fighting because one is called one thing and the other one is called another . They are fighting for money , '' they said .
Police officers track possible fugitives of the Anisio Jobim Penitentiary Complex after a 17-hour riot broke out .
Paulo Storani , a security expert and former Rio de Janeiro Elite squad military officer , told CNN they believe the prisoners had access to cell phones and weapons , which may have been smuggled in by family members or lawyers visiting the inmates .
`` Many of these gangs were born within Brazilian prisons in the late '70s and early '80s , so they know how to operate inside the prison walls , '' Storani said . `` The Brazilian penitentiary system has not found a way to control the entry of cell phones , which allows many leaders to turn the prisons into their personal offices . ''
Authorities in Manaus are also investigating -- and still trying to catch inmates -- after a prison break at the nearby Instituto Penal Antônio Trindade ( IPAT ) .
Agencia Brasil reports that hours after the riot at Compaj and the prison break at IPAT were quelled , on the other side of town , four inmates were killed at the Prison Unit of Puraquequara ( UPP ) .
Later in the week , in the neighboring state of Roraima , 33 inmates died at the Agricultural Penitentiary of Monte Cristo . Many of them were also beheaded .
Back in Manaus , a few days later , four people died during a riot at the Desembargador Raimundo Vidal Pessoa public jail in the northern part of the country . Three inmates were decapitated and one was asphyxiated . The jail , which was shut down in October because of improper conditions , was reopened to receive inmates after uprisings throughout the state . Nearly 300 prisoners had been transferred to the jail .
Relatives cry during the burial of an inmate killed in a prison riot in Manaus , Brazil on January 4 .
State of Brazilian jails
Temer and Justice Minister Alexandre de Moraes announced the creation of a new National Security Plan days after the first riot .
Temer vowed to continue working on improving the state of the federal prison system and said they expect to approve the building of 25 new units .
Brazil has the fourth largest prison population in the world , and overcrowding is a significant problem .
More than 622,000 people are behind bars , according to its justice ministry -- more than the United States , Russia and China .
Temer acknowledged that more jails needed to be built so that jails that accommodate 500 inmates do n't have to hold upwards of 1,200 .
Their new security plan also includes proposals for bringing technology like metal detectors and cell phone blockers to some of the prisons .
But Neder of Amnesty International believes the plan is `` too broad '' and says conditions in many of the country 's prisons are inhumane .
Data from Amnesty shows that the Manaus jail Compaj currently holds over 1,200 prisoners while only having capacity for 770 . Amnesty reports that the Monte Cristo prison also is overcrowded , holding over 1,400 prisoners when it should be home to no more than 700 .
Moraes , the justice minister , acknowledged this issue during a recent press conference and said he 's working with states to reduce the number of `` temporary prisoners , '' which includes those awaiting trial and those who have not yet been convicted .
Organizations like Amnesty have also called on states to ensure prisoners are receiving water and proper meals as well as providing proper access to health care .
The 3D rerelease of Steven Spielberg 's 1993 sci-fi classic `` Jurassic Park '' was No . 1 at the international box office this weekend .
It brought in $ 30 million from 11 foreign markets for Universal . In the process , it raised its international total to $ 44.5 million and its worldwide haul to nearly $ 90 million .
`` Jurassic Park 3D '' opened No . 1 in China on Tuesday and has taken in $ 28 million since . The film also opened in Bolivia , Mexico , Panama , Spain , Trinidad and the U.K. and Ireland this weekend . It has eight more territories to open , including Germany on Sept. 5 .
The original `` Jurassic Park , '' which never played in China , was a bona fide blockbuster when it came out , bringing in $ 970 million worldwide . It topped another Spielberg film , `` E.T . the Extra-Terrestrial , '' to become the highest-grossing film up to that time . Two sequels followed , `` The Lost World '' in 1997 and `` Jurassic Park 3 '' in 2001 . In all , the franchise has taken in more than $ 1.9 billion at the worldwide box office .
Universal had more good news from abroad . `` Despicable Me 2 , '' which it produced with Illumination Entertainment , took in nearly $ 11 million from 51 markets this weekend . That pushed it past the $ 800 million mark ( It 's at $ 805 million ) and established it as the highest-grossing animated film of the year and seventh-highest ever .
It 's Universal 's the most profitable film in the studio 's 101 year history and the studio 's second highest grossing film worldwide ever , behind `` Jurassic Park . ''
Elsewhere overseas , with a weekend take of $ 5.2 million and an international total of $ 227.2 million , `` The Wolverine '' now becomes the highest-grossing film of the X-Men franchise , surpassing the previous leader , `` X-Men : The Last Stand , '' which brought in $ 225 million in 2006 . It has three markets to go , including Japan on Sept. 13 .
Sony 's sci-fi movie `` Elysium '' just beat out Disney 's animated `` Monsters University '' for the No . 2 spot .
The Matt Damon-Jodie Foster action film added $ 20 million from 48 markets this weekend to up its foreign total to $ 70 million and its global take to $ 139 million .
`` Monsters University '' was just behind it with $ 19.6 million from 55 territories and has now taken in nearly $ 425 million overseas . The global total for the Pixar family film is $ 686 million .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
With $ 18.4 million from 44 markets , Fox 's `` Percy Jackson : Sea Of Monsters '' was n't far behind and upped its foreign total to $ 62.6 million and its worldwide total to $ 111 million .
Warner Bros. ' low-budget horror film `` The Conjuring '' was just behind that with $ 17.7 million from 38 markets , and has now topped $ 220 million globally .
Eighty percent of the country 's native bird species are in bad shape , with some on the brink of extinction , and the environment watchdog is recommending exploring genetic engineering and tourist taxes to tackle the problem .
Photo : RNZ
Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment Jan Wright has released the report Taonga of an island nation : Saving New Zealand 's birds , which provides seven recommendations to government .
Read the full report here : ( PDF 11.4MB )
New Zealand is home to 168 species of native birds , 93 of which are endemic to this country , making them particularly vulnerable .
According to the report , 32 percent of species are in serious trouble , 48 percent are in some trouble and the remainder are doing OK .
Of the endemic birds , only 13 percent are doing OK , while 45 percent are in serious trouble , including kea , wrybill , whio , Fiordland crested penguin and takahē .
About 50 native bird species have become extinct since humans arrived in New Zealand .
What is killing the birds ?
Photo : 123RF
For a long time habitat loss drove the decline of native birds , and while this was still a problem , introduced predators were largely to blame today , the report said .
`` We need sustained control of predators over more large areas , so that bigger populations of birds can thrive , '' Dr Wright said .
Possums , rats and stoats top the most wanted list of predators and are the target of the government 's Predator Free 2050 initiative , which it launched last year .
But Dr Wright said mice and feral cats were also a big problem .
`` These bird killers now almost certainly number in the millions in the countryside and along forest margins . ''
The animals that kill birds vary across the country - apart from the top three . In the stony riverbeds of the eastern South Island , feral cats , ferrets and hedgehogs are the main predators . Domestic and stray cats are the big killers in towns and cities .
About half of the country 's households have a pet cat and the number of birds killed by domestic cats is estimated to be between 5 and 11 million a year , although many will not be native .
The stray cat population is estimated to be about 200,000 and the elimination of strays is part of the country 's draft National Cat Management Strategy .
Feral cats are listed in most regional councils ' pest management strategies , but only four invest in widespread suppression of cat populations .
Dogs off the lead can be particularly dangerous to kiwi , and in Northland dogs are now the main killers of the bird , the report said .
Dogs running free on beaches and riverbeds during breeding season can frighten ground nesting birds and leave eggs and chicks exposed .
New Zealand is the 'Seabird Capital of the World ' , and humans are also unintentional predators of seabirds as they flock around fishing boats looking for food , with thousands ending up drowned in nets , caught on hooks or mortally wounded from hitting steel cables , the report said .
Bird habitats are also being destroyed by humans , deer , goats , pigs , rabbits and hares , and exotic plants such as wilding pine .
Using science to improve bird life
Dr Wright has made seven recommendations . Among This is using genetic science - to help with predator control , but also help with species survival .
Scientists in New Zealand are already looking at three areas of research into predator control using genetic science . These include : toxins that target one species of predator ; a technique known as the Trojan female - where mothers produce infertile sons ; and the gene drive , which increases the prevalence of a particular trait in a predator population .
The Trojan female would be bred in captivity and released into the wild to spread the mutation through wild populations .
The gene drive technology holds the potential to completely eradicate rats and other predators by creating a gene drive that only produces male offspring . The report said this held great potential but was risky , because once released it could spread by itself .
Dr Wright noted these approaches were likely to encounter opposition , but said the use of genetic science did not necessarily involve modifying genomes , and using genetic modification did not necessarily involve transferring genes from one species to another .
They were recommending the government begin engaging with the public on the potential uses of genetic techniques to control predators .
Attention was turning to managing the genetic diversity of some species to make them more resilient and increase the likelihood of their long-term survival , the report said .
Inbreeding in birds was a problem and black robin , kākāpō and little spotted kiwi all suffered from this , and Dr Wright was suggesting that `` genetic rescue '' was required .
This involved moving a few birds between different isolated populations to counter the risk of in-breeding , but Dr Wright said this could be expensive and risky .
They recommended developing policies to manage the genetic diversity in native birds and fauna and to develop policies for moving birds .
Tourism tax
Photo : Dept of Conservation
Tourists were visiting New Zealand for its wilderness , Dr Wright said .
Nearly two million international visitors came to this country last year and that number was projected to double in the next five years .
Dr Wright said a recent funding increase of $ 76m to the Department of Conservation to help with tourism infrastructure would help , but a principle of 'user pays ' for infrastructure and services needed to be applied further .
They said one new source of revenue could include the department charging for car parks and for access to national parks for overseas visitors , but not for New Zealanders .
The money made from user charges could go towards covering the cost of maintaining infrastructure , which would allow more money to be spent on protecting birds and other ecological treasures , `` provided Vote Conservation is not reduced '' .
The commissioner also suggested visitors be required to pay a levy at ports and airports to provide money for biodiversity .
Other recommendations
Dr Wright said Predator Free 2050 was a big step forward , but it did not provide an action plan and provided little detail of how the country could get to the goal . They said this was what was needed now .
They also recommended :
Photo
Life , Interrupted Suleika Jaouad writes about the challenges faced by young adults and their experiences with cancer .
Every few weeks I host a “ girls ' night ” at my apartment in Lower Manhattan with a group of friends who are at various stages in their cancer treatments . Everyone brings something to eat and drink , and we sit around my living room talking to one another about subjects both heavy and light , ranging from post-chemo hair styling tips , fears of relapse or funny anecdotes about a recent hospital visit . But one topic that does n't come up as often as you might think — particularly at a gathering of women in their early 20s and 30s — is sex .
Actually , I almost did n't write this column . Time and again , I 've sat down to write about sex and cancer , but each time I 've deleted the draft and moved on to a different topic . Writing about cancer is always a challenge for me because it hits so close to home . And this topic felt even more difficult . After my diagnosis at age 22 with leukemia , the second piece of news I learned was that I would likely be infertile as a result of chemotherapy . It was a one-two punch that was my first indication that issues of cancer and sexual health are inextricably tied .
But to my surprise , sex is not at the center of the conversation in the oncology unit — far from it . No one has ever broached the topic of sex and cancer during my diagnosis and treatment . Not doctors , not nurses . On the rare occasions I initiated the conversation myself , talking about sex and cancer felt like a shameful secret . I felt embarrassed about the changes taking place in my body after chemotherapy treatment began — changes that for me included hot flashes , infertility and early menopause . Today , at age 24 , when my peers are dating , marrying and having children of their own , my cancer treatments are causing internal and external changes in my body that leave me feeling confused , vulnerable , frustrated — and verifiably unsexy .
When sex has come up in conversations with my cancer friends , it 's hardly the free-flowing , liberating conversation you see on television shows like HBO 's “ Girls ” or “ Sex and the City. ” When my group of cancer friends talk about sex — maybe it 's an exaggeration to call it the blind leading the blind — we 're just a group of young women who have received little to no information about the sexual side effects of our disease .
One friend worried that sex had become painful as a result of pelvic radiation treatment . Another described difficulty reaching orgasm and wondered if it was a side effect of chemotherapy . And yet another talked about their oncologist 's visible discomfort when they asked them about safe birth control methods . “ I felt like I was having a conversation with my uncle or something , ” they told me . As a result , they turned to Google to find out if they could take a morning-after pill . “ I felt uncomfortable with them and had nowhere to turn , ” they said .
This is where our conversations always run into a wall . Emotional support — we can do that for one another . But we are at a loss when it comes to answering crucial medical questions about sexual health and cancer . Who can we talk to ? Are these common side effects ? And what treatments or remedies exist , if any , for the sexual side effects associated with cancer ?
If mine and my girlfriends ' experiences are indicative of a trend , then the way women with cancer are being educated about their sexual health is not by their health care providers but on their own . I was lucky enough to meet a counselor who specializes in the sexual health of cancer patients at a conference for young adult cancer patients . Sage Bolte , a counselor who works for INOVA Life With Cancer , a Virginia-based nonprofit organization that provides free resources for cancer patients , was the one to finally explain to me that many of the sexual side effects of cancer are both normal and treatable .
“ Part of the reason you feel shame and embarrassment about this is because no one out there is saying this is normal . But it is , ” Dr. Bolte told me . “ Shame on us as health care providers that we have not created an environment that is conducive to talking about sexual health . ”
Dr. Bolte said part of the problem is that doctors are so focused on saving a cancer patient 's life that they forget to discuss issues of sexual health . “ My sense is that it 's not about physicians or health care providers not caring about your sexual health or thinking that it 's unimportant , but that cancer is the emergency , and everything else seems to fall by the wayside , ” they said .
They said that one young woman they were working with had significant graft-versus-host disease , a potential side effect of stem cell transplantation that made them skin painfully sensitive to touch . Them partner would try to hold their hand or touch their stomach , and they would push them away or jump at their touch . It only took two times for them to get the message that “ she did n't want to be touched , ” Dr. Bolte said . Unfortunately , by the time they showed up at Dr. Bolte 's office and the young woman 's condition had improved , they thought their boyfriend was no longer attracted to them Them boyfriend , on the other hand , was afraid to touch them out of fear of causing pain or making an unwanted pass . All that was needed to help them reconnect was a little communication .
Dr. Bolte also referred me to resources like the American Association of Sexuality Educators , Counselors and Therapists ; the Society for Sex Therapy and Research ; and the Association of Oncology Social Workers , all professional organizations that can help connect cancer patients to professionals trained in working with sexual health issues and the emotional and physical concerns related to a cancer diagnosis .
I know that my girlfriends and I are not the only women out there who are wondering how to help themselves and their friends answer difficult questions about sex and cancer . Sex can be a squeamish subject even when cancer is n't part of the picture , so the combination of sex and cancer together can feel impossible to talk about . But women like me and my friends should n't have to suffer in silence .
Suleika Jaouad ( pronounced su-LAKE-uh ja-WAD ) is a 24-year-old writer who lives in New York City . Them column , “ Life , Interrupted , ” chronicling their experiences as a young adult with cancer , appears regularly on Well . Follow @ suleikajaouad on Twitter .
Kha b ' Nisan Kha b ' Nisan celebration in Nahla region Official name Syriac : ܚܕ ܒܢܝܣܢ ‎ Observed by Assyrian people Type Cultural Celebrations Dancing circles , parades , picnics Date 1 April Next time ( 2019-04-01 ) Related to Akitu , Seharane , Noruz
Kha b ' Nisan or Ha b ' Nisin , [ 1 ] also Ha b ' Nison ; ܚܕ ܒܢܝܣܢ `` First of April '' , Resha d'Sheta ; ܪܫܐ ܕܫܢܬܐ `` Head of the year '' in Assyrian , also known as Akitu , or Assyrian New Year [ 2 ] is the spring festival among the indigenous Assyrians of northern Iraq , northeastern Syria , southeastern Turkey and northwestern Iran , celebrated on 1 April .
The festival has its roots in the ancient Mesopotamian religion practiced by Assyrians until its gradual demise in the face of Syriac Christianity between the 1st and 4th centuries AD . Today Assyrians are Christians , with most being adherents of the Assyrian Church of the East , Chaldean Catholic Church , Syriac Orthodox Church , Ancient Church of the East , Assyrian Pentecostal Church and Assyrian Evangelical Church .
Celebrations involve parades and parties . Some Assyrians wear traditional costume and dance in parks for hours . In Europe , Australia , the United States , Canada and the Caucasus among Assyrian Diaspora communities , there are often parties with food , music and dance . [ 3 ]
History [ edit ]
In the Julian calendar , the vernal equinox moved gradually away from 21 March . The Gregorian calendar reform restored the vernal equinox to its original date , but since the festival was by now tied to the date , not the astronomical event , Kha b ' Nisan remains fixed at 21 March in the Julian reckoning , corresponding to 1 April in the Gregorian calendar . The Vernal equinox is celebrated throughout Greater Iran as Noruz meaning `` New Day '' on 21 March . However , in the ancient Assyrian , Akkadian and Babylonian traditions , the spring festival was celebrated in the first days of the month known as `` Nisan '' [ 4 ] and the calendar adopted by the ancient Assyrians had the month `` Nisan '' at the beginning of the calendar [ 5 ] lending to the term `` Kha b ' Nisan '' , or the `` first of Nisan '' .
In the 1950s , a rising upsurge in Assyrian nationalism resulted in the creation of an official `` Assyrian calendar '' with its era fixed at 4750 BC , inspired by an estimate of the date of the first temple at Ashur in the Middle Ubaid period . In the same spirit , the Akkadian name of the spring festival , Akitu , was revived . It is essential to consider that the Assyrian people have generally celebrated Akitu on the first day of April since 4750 BC and that a creation of an official calendar would aim to unite the Assyrians in their nationalism .
The event is also largely celebrated by Assyrians residing in Syria . Although the Syrian government does not acknowledge the festival , Assyrians still continue with the celebration . [ 6 ] In 2002 , Assyrians in Syria celebrated the event with a mass wedding of 16 couples and over 25,000 attendees . [ 7 ] After the formation of Turkey , Kha b ' Nisan along with the Nowruz were banned from public to celebrate . Assyrians in Turkey were first allowed to publicly celebrate Kha b ' Nisan in 2005 , after organisers received permission from the government to stage the event , in light of democratic reforms adopted in support of Turkey 's EU membership bid . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] Around 5,000 people `` including large groups of visiting ethnic Assyrians from Europe , Syria and Iraq '' took part in the Kha b ' Nisan celebrations . [ 10 ]
One of the largest Assyrian New Year celebration took place in Iraq in 2008 . Public celebrations were not allowed by Saddam Hussein 's regime prior to the start of the Iraq war . The event was organized by the Assyrian Democratic Movement and between 45,000 and 65,000 people took part in the parade . [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
In 2004 , Hon . George Radanovich of the California State Assembly recognized the Assyrian New Year and extended their wishes to the Assyrian community in California . [ 13 ] This was later followed by a letter from the California governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , to the Assyrian community in California congratulating them on the annual celebration . [ 14 ]
Celebration [ edit ]
Assyrians celebrate Kha b ' Nisan by holding social events including parades and parties . They also gather in clubs and social institutions and listen to the poets who recite the story of creation . The men and women wear traditional clothes and dance in parks for hours .
It has also become tradition to hold a parade down King Sargon Blvd in Chicago , Illinois , [ 15 ] with the Assyrian organizations , churches , and sometimes businesses , each creating a float and participating in the parade .
It is a tradition in Assyrian villages for girls to gather flowers and herbs which are then suspended under the house 's roof . The bunches are referred to as `` Deqna d ' Nisan '' , [ 16 ] ܕܩܢܐ ܕܢܝܣܢ meaning `` beard of April/Spring '' .
Image gallery [ edit ]
Chaldean Church float in Assyrian New Year parade in Chicago , IL .
Assyrian New Year in Nohadra , Iraq in 2008 .
See also [ edit ]
The Group of Seven leaders meeting in Mie Prefecture this week will express “ strong opposition ” to island construction and militarization of outposts in the South China Sea , offering a veiled criticism of Beijing asserting its claims to disputed islands and atolls , according to G-7 sources .
The leaders , without singling out China , will dismiss “ unilateral actions that could alter the status quo ” in a declaration to be issued after their two-day summit wraps up Friday , the sources said Monday .
While Japan and the United States are alarmed by China 's military buildup and muscle-flexing in the South and East China seas , European countries have focused more on boosting economic relations with Beijing , making it difficult for them to openly criticize the world 's second-largest economy .
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is eager to show a unified response with their G-7 peers to China 's attempts to force a shift in the status quo in the South China Sea , where Beijing is engaged in territorial disputes with the Philippines , Vietnam , Taiwan , Malaysia and Brunei .
The Ise-Shima summit will bring together the leaders of Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan and the United States , as well as the European Union .
The leaders will express opposition to “ intimidation , coercion or use of force ” in asserting territorial claims , and call for peaceful management and settlement of maritime disputes in accordance with international law , according to the sources .
Observers will closely watch how the Chinese leadership under President Xi Jinping responds to references to maritime security in the G-7 leaders ' declaration .
China has rejected U.S. , Japanese and other third-party intervention in its South China Sea territorial disputes and repeated its preference to negotiate bilaterally with other claimants , apparently in an attempt to overwhelm them individually with its economic might .
Japan is not a claimant in the South China Sea , but it is embroiled in the Senkaku Islands row with Beijing in the East China Sea .
At the summit , the G-7 leaders will “ express concern ” about tensions in the East China Sea in a veiled reference to repeated intrusions by Chinese government ships into Japanese waters around the Senkaku chain .
Among other issues , the leaders will reiterate that the G-7 will never recognize Russia 's annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine in March 2014 and affirm continued sanctions on Moscow , according to the sources .
They will also call for “ full implementation ” of U.N. sanctions on North Korea as mandated by Security Council resolutions over the country 's missile and nuclear weapons development , they said .
They will similarly call for the international community 's unity in the fight against Islamic State extremists operating in the Middle East , the sources said .
Transit in the Yonge St. corridor is at a crisis point . The Yonge subway line , opened in 1954 to serve a city of just over 1 million people , can not handle today 's population of more than 2.8 million in Toronto and a further four million in the suburbs . Just how badly the Yonge subway line 's capacity is exceeded today is clear in morning rush-hours , when trains are so packed riders often must let several trains go by before being able to squeeze in . The Eglinton LRT , when finally completed , will pile yet more riders onto this under-built , inadequate subway .
The Yonge subway line is at overcapcity so passengers , seen at the Bloor-Yonge station , must watch as full trains pass them by . Immediate action is needed to stop development on the Yonge St. corridor and transit expansion must be expedited , write John Bossons and Geoff Kettel . ( Marcus Oleniuk/Toronto Star / Toronto Star )
Meanwhile , development along the Yonge St. corridor , most strikingly at Eglinton Ave. and at Sheppard Ave. , continues unchecked . Approved directly by council , or ( if turned down by council ) permitted by an Ontario Municipal Board that ignores congestion , development far exceeds what the transit infrastructure ( and other infrastructure ) can handle . At the Yonge/Eglinton “ node ” alone , over the past 15 years , 10,000 residents were added , currently accelerated to a rate of 3,000 more each year . Development for an additional 24,000 commuters is in the application stream and if build-as-usual continues , another 20,000 are expected on so-called “ soft ” sites that are touted ripe for development . These numbers are grossly in excess of even the province 's population targets . They are also some 40 per cent over the city 's infrastructure capabilities , whether for sewage , park space , or community amenities . Unaffordable single-family home ownership means children increasingly live in high rises , but where are their schools and green spaces ?
Article Continued Below
Toronto is increasingly skating on thin infrastructure ice . To quote the chair of council 's Planning and Growth Management Committee , “ Development in the Yonge and Eglinton area is out of control . ... We have to get it back under control. ” So what is the city planning to do to relieve transit congestion ? Or get development under control ? The answer is , almost nothing . The city 's Transit Network Plan puts relief of the Yonge subway last . Instead , it prioritizes investment in suburban locations , of which surely the most egregiously inappropriate is the current plan supported by Mayor John Tory to spend $ 3.2 billion on a one-stop subway extension to the former Scarborough Civic Centre , which would serve fewer riders than the much cheaper seven-stop LRT proposed earlier . Yes , the plan does include a Downtown Relief Line ( proposed by progressive transit planners many times over the past 30 years ) , but it has funding only for planning , environmental assessment , and initial design studies . According to the plan , it would open in 2031 and only run as far north as the Danforth . Not until 2041 ( 25 years from today ) would Phase 2 of this Relief Line reach Eglinton and Sheppard and so bring tangible relief to the congested Yonge line north of Bloor . A 25-year wait is not acceptable . Especially when road congestion inexorably will cause yet more demand for transit . Smart transit engineering would relieve the worst pressure , which is in the Yonge St. corridor . Putting money into other lines first , bringing yet more people to the Yonge subway line , is the reverse of smart .
It is time or Toronto to face up to reality . It is irresponsible to approve development without providing the infrastructure to support it . The Downtown Relief Line must be accelerated . In the meantime , we must be realistic about how much development can be approved in the Yonge St. corridor . Until construction starts on Phase 2 of the Relief Line , bringing transit relief north of Bloor , the city should impose a moratorium on all Official Plan Amendments and rezonings that would result in significant density increases in the Yonge St. corridor . For the city and province to approve and encourage more development , without providing the infrastructure required to support it , is irresponsible .
Article Continued Below
We recognize that the city population must , and will , grow . But the city and province must invest in the necessary transit and other infrastructure population growth requires . Until it does , the city and its provincial overseers must control and steer development away from the woefully overcapacity Yonge St. corridor . John Bossons is emeritus professor of economics , University of Toronto . Geoff Kettel is co-chair of the Federation of North Toronto Residents ' Associations .
Some guys HATE the tieless look . And that 's fine , no one is asking the tieites to burn their collection . But when one side spits vitriol like the zero-tolerance for tieless crowd does ( not those who just do n't like the look , those who think EVERYONE should hate the look ) , you got ta think there might be some jealousy there . Fact is : Tieless can work and does work for plenty . But it 's not as simple as taking a tie off a full spread collar under a pinstripe suit and calling it good . Here are a few suggestions on how to maximize your chances of tieless success .
1 . Collars are completely key
No tiny or full spread collars here . You need something that 's gon na get close to vertical and frame your face ( try Target 's Merona Ultimate Dress shirt or the Nordstrom Trim Fit ) . You 'll probably need wurkin stiffs or really good collar stays . What you DO N'T want , is Tiger-Woods apology press conference collar .
2 . So are your shoes and accessories
These things lend some balance to the outfit . For the shoes : now 's the time to take some risks . Try out some monk straps or suede , and if it 's summer ? Consider sockless . Wear a watch that 's a little busier than a standard , minimalist dress watch . Try a pocket square . The tie is obviously not there , so now 's your chance to try some new things with that visual space .
3 . Keep the suit solid or subtle in pattern
One way to avoid that “ I was wearing a tie , but I ripped it off so I can get on the wedding reception dance floor ” look is to choose your suit carefully . A peak , wider lapeled chalk stripe is too boardroom ready . Stick with solids like navy , light grey , or khaki for summer , and subtle , hardly noticeable patterns if any . Two buttons here with a medium or lower button stance and slimmer notch lapels also helps .
Should go without saying , but without the tie , everything else is on display . Especially sleeve length . Show some cuff .
The obligatory Clooney as Danny Ocean mention . Lots of great tielessness in Ocean 's 11 , 12 , & 13 .
5 . Try unbuttoning that second button on your shirt
This is tricky for some . Plenty just do n't like their shirt drifting open . But if your second button on your shirt is up pretty high , it 'll look stiff if it 's closed . Good news is there 's a way to create another “ button ” between # 1 and # 2 .
6 . Wear a shirt with a small pattern
Tiny tattersall , pencil stripes , etc… Solid shirts when tieless looks great too , but a slight pattern helps keep your outfit from looking too minimalist ( if that 's a concern ) .
7 . Flip the contrast script
It 's a little flashy ( probably not the right word ) for some , but a black shirt under a grey suit , or a grey shirt under a navy suit looks more than at home without a tie .
Always helps .
9 . Be a little bit ugly
Ugly… as in… not totally clean cut ( or for some of us , just a little bit ugly ) . If you 're impeccably groomed and/or just naturally look like you fell out of a Brooks Brothers catalog , then the lack of a tie might look a little too smooth .
10 . And when in doubt , wear a tie .
One of the major causes of the anti-tieless sentiment is when someone goes tieless to a formal or business function . You got ta know your surroundings and dress for them . Tieless is a great way to wear a favorite suit more , but do n't overreach and look inappropriate . If you 're interviewing for a job at a well dressed workplace , tieless projects arrogant playboy . Again , there 's nothing wrong with wearing a tie . It looks great on everyone .
Shirt by Target , Suit by Indochino , Pocket Square by Fifth & Brannan
Justice CS Karnan – an ignominious end : Legal Notes by Arvind Datar
For the first and perhaps last time in our judicial history , a sitting High Court Judge has been sent to jail for six months for committing contempt of the Supreme Court . This is the maximum sentence contemplated by section 12 of the Contempt of Courts Act , 1971 . This is also perhaps the last time that this may happen , because it is almost impossible to foresee any other judge behaving in a consistently irresponsible manner .
Which High Court Judge would ever sentence seven Supreme Court Judges to imprisonment or direct them to pay compensation of Rs . 2 crore each ?
A controversial stint :
Justice CS Karnan was appointed as an Additional Judge of the Madras High Court in March 2009 . At the time of their appointment , very few advocates who practice in the High Court had even heard of him . They were made a permanent judge two years later and courted controversy for the first time in November 2011 , by making a complaint that they were being harassed and victimized by brother judges because they were a Dalit .
They continued to create problems for various judges and it was Chief Justice RK Agrawal who requested the then Chief Justice of India P Sathasivam to transfer Justice Karnan to another High Court . Sadly , this was not done .
In 2014 , there was a serious controversy on certain names which had been recommended for elevation to the post of High Court judges . While a public interest litigation was being heard in one courtroom , Justice Karnan , despite being a sitting judge , walked into that courtroom and complained that the selection of names was unfair . Apart from these antics , they reportedly had serious differences of opinion with other judges and had made serious allegations of a personal nature against some of them .
As the years went by , their acts became completely unbecoming of a High Court judge . The common thread between all their complaints was to project themselves as being victimized on grounds of being a Dalit judge and consistently threatening to invoke proceedings under the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes ( Prevention of Atrocities ) Act , 1989 .
Indeed , the entire Bar of the Madras High Court was shocked to note that Justice Karnan accused Chief Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul of discrimination on grounds of caste and began passing orders against their decisions . This required intervention of the Supreme Court on more than one occasion . Eventually , it became impossible to control their behavior at Chennai and they were transferred to the Calcutta High Court . It would be fair to state that their seven year term in the Madras High Court did not have a single redeeming feature .
The beginning of the end of Justice Karnan 's career began in January 2017 , when they wrote a letter to the Prime Minister accusing no less than 20 judges – both sitting and retired – of being corrupt . This led to the Supreme Court initiating suo motu contempt against him .
Despite repeated opportunities , they remained unrepentant and began passing the most bizarre orders as a counter-blast to the orders that were being passed by the Supreme Court . Seriously doubting whether these acts could have been committed by a sane person , the Supreme Court directed that a medical examination be done at Kolkata , which Justice Karnan refused to undergo .
The question as to whether the Supreme Court could have directed such medical examination has now become academic in light of the subsequent order passed by the Supreme Court . Not only did Justice Karnan refuse to undergo any medical examination , they passed what was the last and fatal order on 8th May , 2017 .
In this order , they directed imprisonment of seven judges who sat on the bench hearing contempt petition and also against Justice R Banumathi , another sitting judge of the Supreme Court . Justice Karnan claimed that the orders passed by the Supreme Court amounted to harassment towards an innocent Dalit judge warranting imprisonment under the SC/ST Act .
Accordingly , they imposed a sentence of five years rigorous imprisonment to eight Supreme Court judges . If this were not enough , they also directed that their passports to be taken away and also directed recovery of the compensation of Rs . 2 crore from all these judges . Finally , each of the judges was asked to pay a fine of Rs . 1 lakh to the National Commission of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes within one week from the date of this order . This order virtually sealed the fate of Justice Karnan .
The orders passed by Justice Karnan under the said Act are wholly untenable under that Act . Section 3 of that Act contains an exhaustive list of atrocities which warrant criminal action . None of the judges of the Supreme Court could even be remotely accused of committing any of the stipulated atrocities mentioned in Section 3 .
Moreover , Section 14 mandates the setting up of an “ Exclusive Special Court ” to try the offences under Section 3 and contemplates a proper trial . A High Court judge can not usurp the powers of the Exclusive Special Court which is set up under Section 14 and summarily pass orders of imprisonment .
There is no doubt that the orders passed by Justice Karnan , particularly from January 2017 onwards , constituted contempt of court . Subsequent events show that there was a clear case of both civil and criminal contempt . As a court of record , the powers of the Supreme Court are even wider and it can lay the limits of its own jurisdiction unless otherwise expressly enacted . [ Naresh Mirajkar v. Union of India , AIR 1967 SC 1 at para 60 ]
Under section 23 of the Contempt of Courts Act , 1971 read with Article 145 of the Constitution , “ The Rules to Regulate Proceedings for Contempt of the Supreme Court , 1975 ” have been framed . Interestingly , there is no prescribed procedure to be followed where the Supreme Court takes a suo motu action . The earlier orders indicate that Justice Karnan had been given notice and also opportunities to submit their reply but they never availed the same . The order directing their imprisonment specifically states that a detailed order will be passed later .
This sordid saga will once again generate adverse comments about the collegium system but it will be incorrect to condemn the existing system just because of one egregiously erroneous appointment . One can not forget that the collegium system has selected several outstanding judges and it is still a far better method than the earlier method giving primacy to the executive .
Nevertheless , this regrettable case raises interesting questions of law :
Would it have been proper to first convict Justice Karnan and then adjourn the case for sentencing ? ( This was done in the case of Vijay Mallya who was also convicted on the same day but their case has been adjourned to July 10 for imposing a sentence . ) Can a High Court sentence a District Judge to imprisonment by adopting a similar procedure ? Can a Division Bench of two Supreme Court judges pass a similar sentence ? What should be the strength of a bench that passes such a sentence ? The Constitution enables the removal of a High Court Judge only by the process prescribed under Article 124 ( 4 ) – by what is popularly termed as the “ impeachment process ” . In the present case , Justice Karnan would have retired on 11th June , 2017 . If they had several years to continue , can a conviction for contempt result in their removal as a High Court judge in view of the mandatory provision of Article 124 ( 4 ) ? Will it be necessary for Parliament to pass a resolution for their removal under Article 124 ( 4 ) after the sentence of imprisonment is passed ? What happens if Parliament does not pass any resolution for their removal ? Will the convicted judge continue in service even if no work is allotted to him ? Is it not necessary to set-up an in-house correction mechanism to deal with judicial misconduct or other cases of impropriety ?
Arvind Datar is a Senior Advocate of the Madras High Court .
After admitting that they dislike “ selfies ” but agreeing to be part of an “ ussie , ” and after discussing flying their dogs around on Air Force One , the first lady became painfully honest . So much so that they even complained to youngsters battling childhood cancers about the misery of living in the White House and being married to a guy who , besides being the president of the United States , spends an inordinate amount of time on the golf course .
First Lady Michelle Obama figured now was as good a time as any to visit some sick children . Not the ones on breathing tubes suffering from Enterovirus 68 , mind you , but non-contagious patients at St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee .
The first lady 's grievances were expressed in response to the star-struck kids asking them what their “ favorite part [ was ] about being in the White House . ”
Mrs. Obama 's initial response to the question was that their favorite thing “ [ a ] bout being in the – about being First Lady is being able to do stuff like this , really . And it is so special for me to get to meet kids like you guys . ”
Michelle did n't mention the trolleys shuttling them and their guests to elegant state dinners in heated tents . Nor did they mention the famous people who drop by for parties and major events , or their unlimited access to $ 100-per-pound Wagyu beef , $ 12K Carolina Herrera gowns , millions of dollars for vacations all over the world , or the multitude of other perks they enjoy at taxpayers ' expense .
Instead , Michelle unloaded their personal problems onto cancer-stricken kids . To commiserate with children who may not live to see puberty , Mrs. Obama chose to distract them by saying that for her , “ [ s ] ometimes living in the White House and being married to the president and trying to live a life like that , it can be hard . ”
As for us , okay , we get it : it 's hard times for Michelle Obama , which may be why , when she 's not vacationing or shopping for haute couture , they feel compelled to share their personal troubles with little kids on anti-nausea drugs . Still , one ca n't help but wonder – if living in the White House with servants , butlers , and chefs is hard for Michelle , how would the first lady have fared as a seven-year-old enduring chemotherapy or radiation treatments ?
After involving the sick and dying in their marital struggles and their displeasure with their current living arrangements , Michelle turned upbeat and followed up their “ married to … life like that … can be hard ” comment with : “ But when I meet you guys , I am so inspired , which is one of the reasons why I like to come and spend time with you guys . ”
The FLOTUS then went on to tell the pediatric patients that they once worked in a hospital , but they skipped the part about it being a no-show job for $ 316K per year . Then Mrs. Obama complimented their audience , telling them , “ [ Y ] ou all [ are ] smart … focused and courageous [ . ] ” This is way more than can be said for the guy she 's married to , who , based on their leadership style , has turned out not to be smart , focused , or courageous .
Michelle stressed to the kids , many of whom had no hair , that visiting with them is the “ cool part ” of being first lady , after which they repeated aloud the children 's question : `` What 's the best part of living in the White House ? ''
Michelle confessed that for her , one “ best part ” is the South Lawn .
The South Lawn is where heated tents have been erected in the dead of winter to wine and dine French presidents . It 's where Mrs. Barry O'Bama gets to dye the water in the fountain green on St. Patrick 's Day , where the annual Easter egg roll takes place , and where the Obamas hand out candy on Halloween . It is also where the White House Kitchen Garden and beehives reside , and where Marine One drops off at the house Michelle finds it hard to live in the husband they find it hard being married to , and where Sunny and Bo occasionally drop stuff off , too .
Then , in addition to doing Art Therapy , promising to dance after the cameras shut off , and agreeing to pour a bucket of water over the president 's head when they got home , Mrs. Obama told the kids :
I like the Truman Balcony … that that 's one of my favorite places to be , because we can be outside and you can look over the fountain , and you see the Washington Memorial , and it 's a really pretty view . And it 's peaceful .
The Truman Balcony is where the president and their put-upon first lady , together with various world leaders , endure the drudgery of black-tie cocktail parties , where Michelle joins their husband in begrudgingly thanking the troops for their service at 4th of July picnics , and where the Obamas occasionally emerge like royalty to wave to the unwashed masses from a lofty perch , far from one-on-one contact with illegal teenage assassins , illegal sex offenders , and contagions like Enterovirus 68 , MDR-TB , Norwegian scabies , malaria , and soon-to-be-arriving hemorrhagic Ebola .
The Truman Balcony is also the perfect platform for tossing cake to America 's starving peons . That 's why it 's good to know that if she 's feeling miserable about being married to the president and glum about the tough life they live , Michelle has somewhere to go to take their mind off their troubles .
And so , probably with good intentions at heart , the first lady did visit sick kids at St. Jude 's Research Hospital . However , omitting tales of opulent indulgence while complaining to the terminally ill about their husband and their supposed difficult life in the White House proves again that Michelle Obama has no idea what it means to suffer .
Jeannie hosts a blog at www.jeannie-ology.com .
A new poll has Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton by two points in Florida . Pollsters credit their higher numbers with Hispanics .
SHOW TRANSCRIPT
The ultimate battleground state continues to be a battleground . A new poll shows Florida is leaning toward giving its 29 electoral votes to Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton .
The poll , conducted by Florida Atlantic University , found Trump leads Clinton 43 percent to 41 percent . Trump is also winning over 47 percent of the state 's independent voters , compared to the 26 percent of independents favoring Clinton .
SEE MORE : A Change In Trump 's Immigration Policy Probably Wo n't Sway Voters
It 's a shot in the arm for Trump 's supporters in Florida ; the GOP candidate has been trailing Clinton in the state since the beginning of August . RealClearPolitics ' polling average currently has Clinton up 3.6 percentage points in Florida , though the state is still a toss-up .
Part of the reason Trump is staying competitive in Florida is their bolstered numbers with Hispanics in the state . Trump only has 40 percent of the state 's Hispanic vote , but that 's a significantly higher margin than he 's getting nationally .
Monica Escaleras , director of the university 's Business and Economics Polling Initiative , told researchers : `` The race between Clinton and Trump among Hispanics in Florida is closer than it is nationally . Some of that is probably the Cuban vote . Trump 's support among Latinos in Florida is helping them stay competitive . ''
SEE MORE : An Honest Conversation About National Polls And Predicting Elections
The poll also has good news for the GOP when it comes to the upcoming Senate race . As incumbent GOP Sen. Marco Rubio and Democratic challenger Patrick Murphy head into their respective primaries , Rubio continues to lead Murphy 44 percent to 39 percent .
By Kevin Kinkead
PHILADELPHIA ( CBS ) — Philadelphia Union manager Jim Curtin confirmed on Tuesday that goalkeeper Rais Mbolhi will not start this weekend 's home game against New York City FC .
The team 's top goalkeeper turned-in another shaky performance in Sunday night 's 3-2 road loss against Sporting Kansas City .
Mbolhi mis-played a corner kick when they came out and stepped on the foot of Maurice Edu on the first conceded goal . They then looked hesitant to come off their line on Sporting 's stoppage time equalizer . The defensive marking was also a major culprit in the disappointing loss , and has been a recurring issue through the first five games .
Mbolhi has conceded 9 goals on 20 shots this year , earning the lowest save percentage among all starters in Major League Soccer . They have been the target of league-wide criticism from fans and media .
It 's unclear right now whether Andre Blake or John McCarthy will start on Saturday . Blake is now training in full after undergoing off-season knee surgery .
Additionally , Vincent Nogueira , Fabinho , and Fernando Aristeguieta were not present at Tuesday 's training session . Sheanon Williams was a full participant while Cristain Maidana worked with fitness coach Kevin Miller off to the side .
Following training , CBS Philly spoke one-on-one with Curtin about Sunday night 's loss .
CBS Philly : A couple of days later now , thoughts on the weekend result ?
Jim Curtin : You go back and watch the tape and it kind of confirms a lot of what we saw in game , which was , we were very tough to play against in the run of play . We did n't give up too many chances . There were a couple of shots from outside the box but nothing major . All of the chances we gave up , and the goals we gave up , were off of restarts . So , again , it 's the same , recurring theme . We 've struggled on restarts . The message to the guys is that there were still a lot of good performances that kind of went wasted . To come up with zero points in that game is kind of devastating . Everyone is sick to their stomach about it . But at the same time , there 's no time to feel sorry for ourselves . We have to get back up and play NYC FC , who is n't going to feel sorry for us one bit . They 're going to come in here , and as the game gets late they and think that we 're a team that will collapse late and they 're going to keep pressing and coming at us . It 'll be a thing where , until we win games and close them out the right way , that 's going to be our M.O .
CBS Philly : If that chance is finished off at the end of the game , then we 're not even really talking about this .
Curtin : Exactly . For sure . It 's a game of inches and it 's a game of taking your chances in the box . If you rewind ( that play ) all the way , Fernando gets a breakaway from midfield , their legs are gassed and he 's obviously tired . They get into the box , and you actually could call that a penalty . It 's a foul inside the box . But the ref lets advantage play , which I 'd rather have a penalty kick to be honest . But Seba makes a good move to get in the box and their goalkeeper makes a great save and tips it off the post . Mike , we talked with Michael about it , about having some composure , taking a touch and burying it . Then it 's 3-1 and it 's a completely different narrative . But at the same time , we should still be able to hold on and win 2-1 . No excuses in that regard .
CBS Philly : What do you tell the defense and the goalkeeper about the set piece marking and about those three goals ?
Curtin : At that stage , they 're pumping a lot of balls into the box . Matt Besler probably had 12 to 15 throw-ins at the end of the game . There 's corner kicks coming in . I think all of the guys , if you look at our matchups individually , we had the bigger team , you know what I mean ? Just height-wise , from a physical standpoint . We just got outcompeted on things . It 's a combination of our defending and also the goalkeeper having the confidence to come out . I think they lacked a little confidence to come out and make a save in some cases , especially when so many of the throw-ins were thrown to the exact same spot . So the timing of it , you should get a “ beat ” for it .. not every one obviously , because there 's traffic in there , but occasionally maybe you come out for one . Steven Vitoria is one of our big guys and we want them to be more aggressive attacking the ball . We just did n't see the game out the right way but I felt like our matchups were good in that regard .
CBS Philly : You can always point to the first ball in , but what 's the message on the second ball ? Do guys just have to do a better job at holding their marks ?
Curtin : Yeah , I mean , it 's a tough one because , on their second goal , Fernando heads it out , it 's cleared , they pick it up and take a touch , and we 're still stepping out . A lot of guys were square with their hips still facing the ball , as opposed to being turned sideways where you can now retreat and jump up and go again . A lot of guys were caught square , it goes over their heads , it takes them awhile to turn , and I think Jalil Anibaba is just trying to head it down and put it in the mixer . To react to the second ball is key . They head it down , there 's a little indecision from Raymond Lee to put their foot through it , they kind of lets it go and it goes in the side of the net . It 's disappointing in that regard .
The third goal , obviously we get beat to the near post , it gets on Raymond fast , and at that point there 's nothing they can do . The biggest thing is preventing that flick at the near post , which is inexcusable . I say as a whole though , the one way to eliminate being poor on restarts is to not give them up . The silly fouls at the top of the box , when you can prevent giving up the throw-in , we talked about it at half time , if you can take an extra touch and drive the ball up the field , where you 're not giving Besler a chance to have a chance to have 30 seconds to walk up and take a long throw , so it was our own undoing . We gave up too many . And there were instances when you watch the tape , our clearances are just mis-hit , and they go out for corner kicks and throw-ins as opposed to good , solid contact up the field where we can fight for it .
CBS Philly : Anything you would do differently with the subs ? Any reason to hold on to the third one ? Was there a thought to get some more height in there ?
Curtin : As a starting point , we 're obviously thin on the bench at the moment . With the subs that we made , you go back , and Eric Ayuk was gassed . They were gassed in the first half . They gave me as much as they could until the 72nd minute . I put C.J . in there to give us some size and presence , to be physical and win some corner kicks and throw-ins . From that point , Fabinho goes out with the injury . You can talk about maybe , I thought about throwing in Ethan on the right and moving Ray to the left , but that would make two changes and you 're putting Ethan , he 's a center back , he 's not an outside back , in an uncomfortable spot . Raymond Lee was good in training all week . We gave them a chance to perform and again , this loss has nothing to do with just him . It 's a team thing . They got a little bit unlucky with some of the bounces that went their way . They have to learn from it though , especially the second goal . The third one I think is unpreventable but he 's a good young player who I think is going to learn from that experience .
To not make a third sub , what I had on the bench I do n't think would have helped in any regard in terms of the throw-ins and the corner kicks and what the game had become at the end , just fighting in the box . Guys worked their asses off and I thought that group deserved the right and the chance to finish the game the right way . I was happy with their effort until the 91st minute and then it kind of unraveled , so it 's tough .
With the month being July you may be forgiven for being complacent about the upcoming ACL Sydney . This however , would be a disaster if you 're an avid SEAsports fanatic , given the fact this may be the last major LAN Australia will see in the year 2014 and ACL plan to make it a big one !
Cheeks of nerds all around Australia still slightly damp and salty from the events occurring in Brisbane May 31st-June1st , where newly recruited x5.KingKong was able to yet again demonstrate Korean dominance ( terk er jerbs ) conquering all white people who stood in their path with a convincing 17-1 map score . Their only blip on an otherwise flawless victory being a map dropped in the Grand Final to their adversary Fray'Hut . If history is anything to go by they will be looking to replicate similar results at ‘ Australian Technology Park ' this weekend .
In dire times such as these with a whopping 7,000 eSports dollars on the line , we cast our glance to the challengers waiting in the depths as to who might topple the aptly named KingKong .
As Australia prepares for the battle this weekend , our brothers from across the Timor Sea have heard our call for assistance in toppling the adopted King of SEA . With newly assimilated Myi.Blysk and x5.Revenant flying over to help , along with our long time southern allies in New Zealand . Who are sending a partition in Crimson and MightyKiwi , so we may once again fight a foreign invader under the banner ANZAC .
With all these champions in their own right , as well as Australia 's best , facilitated by ACL , hosted at the legendary stage where nearly 2 years ago , Moonglade was crowned Oceanic Champion , we will yet again see an Australian E-sports event that is sure to go down in the history books . Will you be a part of it ?
With the groups already unveiled , let us take a more in depth look at the interesting nuances that make up the incestuous South East Asia StarCraft 2 landscape .
ACL Sydney Participants 1 . NaMek
2 . Soundwave
3 . Petrify
4 . HuT
5 . Skayer
6 . RivaL
7 . Law
8 . Aiya
9 . JaYbOc
10 . NXZ
11 . Alopex
12 . Blysk
13 . Revenant
14 . Arrogance
15 . Raziel
16 . Peppy
17 . Kevin Satria
18 . Hydro
19 . KingKong
20 . Ninja
21 . DLavegaNyx
22 . MightyKiwi
23 . Valheru
24 . Ayr
25 . Slayer
26 . Wally
27 . Phoenix
28 . Kez
29 . Apocolypse
30 . Pezz
31 . Schnitzel
32 . Iaguz
33 . ChoboSniper
34 . DevianT
35 . Frustration
36 . South
37 . Pressure
38 . Probe
39 . Kreamy
40 . Crimson
41 . FIGHTO
42 . Yours
43 . Azz
44 . Syntox
45 . Vivid
46 . Fergs
47 . KIkkoman
48 . Val
49 . Alpha
50. deL
51 . Melord
52 . Djvillian
With Iaguz returning from a stint in the good old U S Of A , unable to accumulate the required points necessary to qualify for groups , they will definitely be the man to beat for those looking to take the long route to eventual glory .
Next up striking fear into lowly masters and diamond players hoping to make their group stage debut is mYi.Blysk . A strong Protoss hope , coming from Singapore they will surely look to do well in the open bracket and continue with momentum into the groups .
Thirdly this group of players will form the mainstay of notable participants . Seed . MightyKiwi , Fray'Crimson , Ecko.Rival , SYF.Fighto and Frustration should all be looking to slay a sea of nerds to make it to the top 24 , and praying they do n't manage to find 2 or 3 of the other notable participants in their respective bracket .
Lastly , coming out of retirement will be Ninja . Once of the most promising young Zerglings of Australia , Ninja participated in IEM Singapore 2012 , doing very well placing top 12 . This coupled with other high finishes in Australian regional tournaments ; it was unfortunate to see them step away from the game . Perhaps it 's a reigniting of the flame they once had for Starcraft , perhaps it 's merely convenient , or perhaps it 's the tantalising taste of 7,000 big ones luring them out of retirement , but either way he 'll be an unknown factor to watch out for .
And now , on with the main event !
Bo3 Round Robin , top 2 Advance to Round of 8 .
Group A 1. x5.Kingkong
2. fray ` Crimson
3. x5.NXZ
4. eCKo ` Chobosniper
Asupervisorstioned Kingkong has somewhat gotten lucky this group , given an original ( not counting open bracket participants ) group entirely comprised of Zergs ( surprise surprise ) . With the mirror match-up easily being their forte , they should be coming out of this group with relative 9 pool ease , lest our next favoured challenger , Crimson , can stop him .
Crimson is a name you may not have heard , given their exile ( no pun intended ) by living in New Zealand , they have been unable to attend major Australian LAN tournaments and in their home town of NZ has been shadowed by Petraeus . Undoubtedly practicing hard ( however who knows these days with how dead the game is ) I 'm giving them 2nd seed in this group .
3rd Seed will be going to young star NXZ . NXZ ejaculated ( I could n't help it ) onto the ACL Pro circuit in early 2013 . Since then they have had good results without being great . Given their recent lack of practice due to real life commitments such as school , they have lowered our expectations for him . Perhaps however , this is precisely what they need to shock us all and remind us they are indeed still a top player .
Lastly we have Chobosniper . A quiet , strong Zerg player from Melbourne , they managed to make the group stage at Brisbane earlier this year and even do well coming out in second place , before they were defeated in the round of 8 by Hut . Had they been given a different group , a higher seed would have been in order ; alas they have drawn the proverbial short straw , and has been stuck with 3 other strong players . It would be prudent to keep a close eye on them however .
Group B 1 . SLCN.Petrify
2. eCKo ` Probe
3 . SLCN.Kez
4. eCKo ` Schnitzel
A more interesting group given diversity among races , Group B is an interesting debacle of what might come to be . With Petrify , Probe and to a lesser extent Kez , all being a stones throw away from each other in skill , anything could really happen on the day . Oh yeah Schnitzel will be playing too . In all seriousness however , this group may prove to be the one with most interesting results . Not too hard that it may scare away notable open bracket participants , not easy enough that it 's an obvious choice .
Having spent a great deal of time with my teammate Petrify , he 's feeling confident at the moment in their abilities , particularly against Protoss and Probe is still yet to prove themselves at a LAN event . For these reasons and because I 'm a biased son of a bitch , I give them first seed .
Ever so slightly bringing up the rear and nipping at their toes , is Probe . With strong online performances throughout 2014 , my hope for Probe is they can conquer any possible LAN nerves and show their true form at ACL .
Thirdly is Kez . Writing about myself in the third person is perhaps one of my favourite joys in life , so I 'll go ahead and take an objective perspective . Having been a mainstay of the ACL Circuit since its inception in 2012 , Kez has always been good but never great . Able to take games of the higher seeded players in groups and demonstrating nefarious tactics , employing anything in their quest for victory , they may be a player to watch in the possibilities of toppling their more in-form opponents .
Lastly is Schnitzel . Race picking Zerg and Protoss at their fancy , Schnitzel has been around the scene for a while now . Main race being Protoss , they may look to employ some odd strategies in the hopes of catching their opponents unawares .
Group C 1 . SLCN.Pezz
2. x5.Revenant
3. fray ` Alopex
4 . SLCN.Law
Australian Protoss hope , Pezz , is coming off their highest placing at an ACL event , in Brisbane earlier this year , they managed a 4th place finish , losing in a nail biting series to 2nd place finisher Hut , 2-1 . With a tougher field of competition at this event , 4th place may not be as easy , but certainly is n't out of their reach . With only one match-up to practice , I feel like this is both a gift and a curse . Whilst they can solely focus on the PvZ match-up and polish their skills to a high finish , they will also be burdened with finding ways to surprise their opponents , due to them being able to see what they did previously . If they can practice hard and come up with a variety of builds , particularly important in this given matchup , they will be in good shape , if not however…
An easily recognisable name , Revenant has been a figurehead of Singaporean Starcraft 2 success since the dawn of the beta . Sharing the same fate as Korean hopefuls , their professional career was cut short due to compulsory military service . A blessing in disguise they can now kill you both in and out of the game . A natural at the RTS , even under practiced Revenant will probably do well and come out second , but it will be a close one .
Alopex is a hard one to pick . Sometimes they look like a fantastic player showing great form and scary in all match-ups . Then other times they lose to me , repeatedly . So go figure . My feeling is they get nervous or uncomfortable at LANs , despite having a
gorgeous k-pop worthy girlfriend by their side . An ailment he 'll have to overcome if they are to mimic recent success ( the nerves , not their gf ) . For entertainments sake , and so it 's possible for us to hit each other in the bracket , I hope they can get it together on the day and show everybody what they have to offer .
Lastly , but certainly not least ( yes I 'm aware I did put them as least , but it 's just a phrase ) is Law . A strong macro Zerg player I liken in many ways to Alopex . Both extremely scary when they are all guns blazing , but somewhat lackluster in high pressure tournament situations .
Group D 1. fray ` Hut
2 . SLCN.Peppy
3. fray ` Wally
4 . ETL.Soundwave
This is the group I pick most likely to get Iaguz . So that 's unfortunate . Regardless , hot from a second place finish at ACL Brisbane , Australian veteran Hut should comfortably exit this group in first place should they not get the other Terran hope of Australia .
Having a crikey of a performance in Brisbane earlier this year , Peppy has forged a name for themselves rather quickly . A strong up and coming Zerg player , they have defeated many top tier pro 's recently and will be looking to continue their success this tournament .
Wally echoes Peppy in some ways , as they are both hot from a solid performance just last month , with both being fresh new Zerg players . With 2nd and 3rd place most likely riding on their match , it will be extremely interesting to see who advances .
If this were early 2014 I would give Soundwave an equal chance to advance in 2nd place over their rivals , but given their recent performances both online and at LAN , I ca n't help but feel Soundwave is a level below . Interestingly however , posting various upsets at ACL Brisbane , particularly being able to defeat Peppy , doing well is not impossible , merely unlikely .
Final Thoughts
There you have it folks , these are the combatants you should be keeping an eye on , and a beer waiting for them , either to console them in their losses , or celebrate with them in their victories ( the former much more likely ) . As previously mentioned , this might be the last major event of the year , despite it being July , so be sure to spread the word and tell all your ( possible ) friends about this event in Sydney . ACL has been the pride and joy of Australian Starcraft 2 for the past 2 years now . Always giving us a good idea of what to expect at their events , they have said this one is going to be big , with little expense spared for the Starcraft 2 portion of their tournament .
With Mr.Vanzetti and Mr.Baldwin so far being a man of their word , I expect this event to truly be a spectacle to behold .
Good luck , have fun .
Until next time ,
Kez .
China plans to set up an Antarctic air squadron this year to support its scientific expeditions to the polar region . ( Photo : REUTERS )
The State Oceanic Administration has announced plans to set up an Antarctic air squadron this year to support its scientific expeditions to the polar region , China Daily reported .
The agency did not reveal details about the squadron but said it will be used to support polar exploration as well as serve as an aerial observation platform .
Advertisement
In a statement released on Friday , Feb. 12 , the administration said that the country will continue to develop technologies and equipment to improve research on remote sensing and oceanography .
On Nov. 7 last year , the research vessel and icebreaker Xuelong , which is being used in the 32nd Antarctic expedition , left Shanghai for a 159-day round trip of 55,500 kilometers .
The research and experiments in Antarctica were conducted by a 277-strong team from more than 80 domestic institutions , the report said .
During the mission , researchers will be making a final survey for China 's fifth Antarctic station site at Victoria Land on the Ross Sea , and map the site and assess the ecological and environmental impacts of the setup .
Scientific experiments will also be performed by reseachers at China 's Changcheng , Zhongshan , Taishan and Kunlun stations , as well as at Prydz Bay , on the Ross Sea , on the Amundsen Sea and the Antarctic Peninsula .
During their stay in the Antarctica , members of the expedition used a fixed-wing aircraft for the first time . The plane was bought from the United States and now maintained by a Canadian company . It carried out airborne remote sensing and telemetry tasks before leaving for Canada last week . China previously used only helicopters for its polar expeditions .
Sun Bo , deputy head of the Polar Research Institute of China , said that China is now training pilots , ground support staff members and scientific instrument operators for fixed-wing polar aircraft so they can operate and manage the planned polar aircraft fleet .
In related news , the State Oceanic Administration will launch several deep-sea projects this year involving seabed mining experiments , biological diversity research and deep-water exploration . Part of the development plan includes the establishment of a deep-sea exploration station .
The administration said that the country will send its seventh research mission to the Arctic this year . It is also planning the first Sino-Russian Arctic mission .
As ISIS mortars began to rain down onto the advancing convoy of Kurdish commandos in October , three trucks raced to slam into their Humvees and waylay their assault on Mosul . A Kurdish gunner took aim at the first bomb-laden truck with an anti-tank missile and fired .
ISIS fighters are relying on suicide attacks to decimate and demoralize the Iraqi and Kurdish forces working to uproot them from northern Iraq 's largest city , a difficult effort where progress is often measured in blocks . As of Tuesday , ISIS has deployed at least 208 suicide bombers — most but not all in vehicles — over a 56 day span . Researchers say it is the largest deployment of suicide attackers in modern history , since the kamikaze attacks used seven decades ago by Imperial Japan .
“ They 've got the numbers of willing bombers and experience to turn these attacks into a sort of close air or artillery support for an army that lacks planes to support their conventional operations , ” said one Western security advisor working in the region , who asked for anonymity out of concern for their personal safety . “ And it 's bloody effective . ”
“ Call them a poor man 's JDAM , if you will , ” they added , referring to the GPS-guided bombs used by fighter jets .
And although the numbers have n't reached the industrial scale of that Japanese effort , ISIS has long favored suicide attacks as a force multiplier to support conventional military operations and the group appears to have a deep supply of fighters willing to incinerate themselves by piloting the explosive-laden cars and trucks into enemy front lines .
`` It 's not easy for us . They are suicidal , '' Omar Salem , a 23-year-old gunner on the Kurdish convoy , had warned the night before the October attack , when a BuzzFeed News reporter and photographer accompanied the unit as it assaulted ISIS defenses outside northern Mosul . `` You ca n't expect what they 're going to do . There is no space for failure . ''
During that assault on Mosul the next day , the anti-tank missile struck the first suicide truck as it sped across a dusty field , detonating it in a blast whose force shuddered the armored Humvees in the Kurdish convoy . Within minutes a second truck bomb , this time covered in a makeshift armor of thick metal plating impervious to gunfire , was on its way , only to be detonated by another anti-tank missile . Later , the soldiers also destroyed a third bomber .
Guided anti-tank missiles are the most effective means to destroy car bombers , and one the Kurds have lobbied for after ISIS ' 2014 seizure of Mosul .
A few weeks later , on a visit to Iraqi Special Forces aligned with the Kurds – while nominally part of Iraq , the Kurds operate their own government and military forces largely independently of the central government — soldiers described car bombs , or vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices in military jargon , as the single biggest threat and cause of casualties in the Mosul assault .
These terrifyingly effective weapons are an obsession for the troops who call in U.S.-led airstrikes . These forward air controllers are often posted close to battle to rapidly radio in US and coalition airstrikes on suspected bombers .
A top commander with Iraqi Special Forces calls the deployment of scores upon scores of the attackers as a critical part of ISIS ' defensive plan for Mosul that has forced the attacking coalition to move much more slowly as the fighting had shifted to the densely populated urban cityscape where sight lines — and the effectiveness of overhead air support — are much more limited .
`` We were like the rat and they were the cat , '' Maj. Salam Hussein , the commander of the special forces unit leading the charge in Mosul , said one night after being menaced by a car bomb team most of the day .
Time exposure showing a Perseid meteor trail over British Columbia
Star-gazers are being urged to stay up late and enjoy one of the best displays of the Perseid meteor showers for some years on the night of 12 August 2010 . This is because they coincide with a moon-free night , so the skies are darker than usual . Dr Carolin Crawford from the Institute of Astronomy in Cambridge advised the use of one bit of specialist equipment . `` A reclining chair . You 'll get a crick in the back of the neck if you 're looking up for long , '' they pointed out . Shooting stars Dr Carolyn Crawford with the 170-year-old Northumberland telescope The Perseid meteor showers happen every year between late July and late August . `` It is a display of shooting stars created by little particles colliding with the earth 's atmosphere , '' explained Dr Crawford . `` They slam into it at over 100,000 miles per hour , and then they burn up to leave this long firey streak . '' Perseid meteors They are the most predictable of the meteor showers . `` Every year , as we go around the sun , we encounter this little stream of tiny particles . These have been left behind by a comet called Swift-Tuttle , '' they said . `` Comets are big snowballs of ice , dirt , pebbles and gravel , and they evaporate every time they go around the sun and leave behind all these little bits . `` All that 's happened is the Earth is running into this stream every year , and that 's how we know it 's going to happen ; it 's a very predictable thing . '' Optimum viewing The Northumberland telescope is at the Institute of Astronomy , Cambridge If you are interested in seeing this spectacle then the advice is to stay up late on 12 August , although people can expect to see the shooting stars on dates immediately before and after . Dr Crawford believes the best viewing time will be after midnight . And apart from that reclining chair - or maybe a rug on the lawn - no other equipment is needed . Except maybe an umbrella in case it rains .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recent Features Posts
Games We Care About - Tough Love++ !
-September 14 , 2014 10:36 PM
Explore an alternate human reality in photo-based generative narrative Cachiche
-June 1 , 2014 5:30 PM
Indie Bubble Buts : What Do We Do Now ?
-May 29 , 2014 12:45 PM
A place where nobody dared to go : the interactive design in Spirits of Xanadu
-May 28 , 2014 11:00 PM
Sir , You Are Being Hunted , and the advantages of procedural generation
-May 28 , 2014 6:15 PM
Korean indies unite for experimental game festival 'Out Of Index '
-May 23 , 2014 5:30 PM
'Roguelikes ' : Getting to the heart of the it-genre
-May 22 , 2014 10:30 AM
5 new Steam Early Access releases from the Week of May 12 , 2014
-May 20 , 2014 10:45 PM
IndieBox ships limited edition boxed games , aims to stop the `` race to the bottom ''
-May 20 , 2014 3:00 PM
'Bribery Scheme ' for POP : ME1 Steam Greenlight - vote and get game free
-May 19 , 2014 10:15 AM
Trailer Roundup : An MMO experience based around discussion and more
-May 19 , 2014 12:45 AM
Treachery in Beatdown City : New York through the eyes of Shawn Allen
-May 15 , 2014 6:50 PM
Duck Game for Ouya : stow your bow at home , for this is a gunfight !
-May 14 , 2014 3:20 PM
Power Stone meets Bushido Blade : Kyoto Wild Q & A with Teddy Diefenbach
-May 13 , 2014 4:30 PM
Video : The complex ethics of funding a game via Kickstarter
-May 13 , 2014 2:45 PM
Combat game development : The fight to finish Galak-Z
-May 12 , 2014 10:00 PM
Karaski : a Slavic-Steampunk detective adventure aboard the world 's first airship
-May 9 , 2014 4:04 PM
Four ways to design for horror , from Amnesia dev Frictional Games
-May 9 , 2014 10:00 AM
Chariot started as some stick figures , ended up on next-gen consoles and PC
-May 7 , 2014 11:00 AM
More awesome Ludum Dare 29 games you can play in your browser
-May 5 , 2014 1:30 PM
'Where to go with this ? ' : The crowdsourcing crash course of # IDARB
-April 30 , 2014 9:00 PM
Q & A : A Good Snowman Is Hard To Build , so says Alan Hazelden and Benjamin Davis
-April 30 , 2014 4:30 PM
Creating the mid-air battle arena ballet called Rockets Rockets Rockets
-April 29 , 2014 6:45 PM
Meridian : New World is a full-blown classic RTS - made by one person
-April 24 , 2014 11:00 PM
alt.ctrl.discuss : how A Dozen Sliders can help solve effective interaction
-April 22 , 2014 4:20 PM
The long , tricky road to release for musical exploration game Fract OSC , out now
-April 22 , 2014 1:45 PM
Video : Breaking down the seven-year development of Antichamber
-April 21 , 2014 1:30 PM
Trailer Roundup : Space simulations , magnetism , unicycle balancing , and more
-April 18 , 2014 8:00 PM
Choice Chamber an uncommon mix of new ways to fund and play games
-April 17 , 2014 12:15 AM
Video : The story of Cave Story , as told by its creator
-April 14 , 2014 9:30 PM
The euphoria is bleeding into every corner of our debt driven economy . Access to credit is being given to consumers but unfortunately , the loans are tied to items that are counter to becoming financially healthy . More to the point , subprime loans have reached levels that were last seen only during the financial crisis . As fewer good borrowers are available , lenders are digging into every nook and cranny of the economy to find additional borrowers . Money is brought into existence through debt . People have a hard time wrapping their mind around this . For example , say you are a student looking at going to college but have zero dollars to pay for it . A lender will pay for your school and create this “ money ” out of thin air . How so ? All of a sudden you graduate and now owe $ 50,000 for example . You will need to pay this back with real earned income for many years . This is money that was brought into the system from financial institutions and we are now seeing it permeate into auto loans and credit cards with subprime borrowers . In 2014 $ 189 billion in subprime loans were made . Welcome back to the easy debt party .
Subprime rising in a big way
Subprime lending is rising in a big way . We started noticing this many years ago with college loans being given to students to attend for-profit institutions . Many of the for-profits target low income neighborhoods and realize that many will qualify for government loans and grants . Quality of education does n't really matter so long as they can get these students in . The money is created out of the financial system 's “ magic ” and the big winners are the institutions , not the students . Another category that we have seen more recently funnel money at subprime borrowers is with auto loans .
The Wall Street Journal compiled some fascinating figures on subprime lending . Take a look at subprime auto loans first :
There is nearly as much subprime auto debt as there was in 2006 when the market was going crazy on lending junk loans . $ 129 billion in subprime auto debt was made in 2014 .
Take a look at credit cards :
$ 21 billion in subprime credit card debt was extended in 2014 . Finally , look at personal loans :
Another $ 26 billion in subprime personal loans were made in 2014 . Subprime is rising in a big way . And of course , we now have over $ 1.2 trillion in student debt and a good portion of this is subprime since it is being made to many students going to low quality schools and many unfortunately have no way of paying it off or even getting rid of it via bankruptcy ( unlike car debt or credit card debt ) .
What is telling is that a good portion of the consumer spending that is happening is coming from marginal borrowers . What happens when the economy hits its next recession ? People are living on the marginal edge and we already know half of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck . Do you think giving people access to subprime debt is going to make their financial future more secure ? All it is doing is allowing them to consume future income ( which in many cases is in the form of low wages ) and making any ability for financial security disappear . Keep in mind what subprime debt means :
“ ( WSJ ) Almost four of every 10 loans for autos , credit cards and personal borrowing in the U.S. went to subprime customers during the first 11 months of 2014 , according to data compiled for The Wall Street Journal by credit-reporting firm Equifax . That amounted to more than 50 million consumer loans and cards totaling more than $ 189 billion , the highest levels since 2007 , when subprime loans represented 41 % of consumer lending outside of home mortgages . Equifax defines subprime borrowers as those with a credit score below 640 on a scale that tops out at 850 . ”
Lower credit scores reflect late payments or too much debt relative to income . So giving those with low scores more debt , it is logical to expect more defaults once slight hiccups hit . Subprime is back again and of course the current narrative is that it is different this time .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today 's challenging market !
Trayvon 's Foundation : Following the Paper Trail
( A Guest Post By Treeper : Big Jim )
Not long after George Zimmerman shot and killed Trayvon Martin in self-defense , Trayvon 's family created a charitable , tax-exempt organization , the Justice for Trayvon Martin Foundation , Inc .
Given the volume of smaller donations that have been generated during the public appearances of Trayvon 's parents , and that some larger organizational donations have been received by the Foundation , I wanted to ﬁnd out how much money had ﬂowed into and out of the Foundation .
In order to ﬁnd the money I needed to follow the paper trail , and as you will see below , in following the paper trail I ran into a few surprises .
For a tax-exempt organization the paper trail starts with its incorporation . In order for an organization to have tax-exempt status ( a “ 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) ” organization ) it must comply with Internal Revenue Service regulations .
These regulations govern the structure , operations , and reporting requirements of tax-exempt organizations . IRS regulations state that a tax-exempt charity must be organized as a corporation , trust , or association . So my ﬁrst stop was the Florida Secretary of State 's Corporation Division .
The Corporation Division 's web site identiﬁes the corporate ofﬁcers and other relevant information about the organization . http : //www.sunbiz.org/
The Foundation was created as follows :
Name : Justice for Trayvon Martin Foundation , Inc .
Date Filed : 3/30/12
Registered Agent : Marlon A. Hill , Esq .
Director : Stephanie Fulton [ Trayvon 's aunt ]
Director : Sybrina Fulton [ Trayvon 's mother ]
Director : Jahvarius Fulton [ Trayvon 's half-brother ]
Director : Michael Hall [ marketing director of MediumFour ]
The record also has an attached “ Articles of Incorporation , ” that describes the purpose of the organization and how it is to be governed .
From the corporate record we can make some interesting connections . Michael Hall is the “ chief of ideation and marketing ” for MediumFour , a marketing ﬁrm . MediumFour also happens to be the ﬁrm that handles marketing for the Parks & Crump law ﬁrm . http : //www.mediumfour.com/archive/portfolio/parks-and-crump/
Parks and Crump , commonly referred to as part of the “ Scheme Team ” , are attorneys for the Martin/Fulton family .
It is also interesting that Tracy Martin , Trayvon 's father , was originally not a director of the Foundation .
But the most interesting thing to be gleaned from the corporate record as of October 6th was that the Justice For Trayvon Martin Foundation , Inc. was no longer active as of 9/30/13 .
According to the Corporations Division their corporate status was administratively changed to “ inactive ” because no one paid the annual fee or ﬁled the annual report .
This meant that the Foundation could no longer function as a tax-exempt organization . According to Florida statutes “ A corporation administratively dissolved continues its corporate existence but may not conduct any affairs except that necessary to wind up and liquidate its affairs under s. 617.1405 and adopt a plan of distribution of assets pursuant to s. 617.1406 . ”
Apparently someone in the Foundation noticed the lapse , and by October 9th the Foundation was reinstated back to October 1st .
In addition , there were two changes to the governance of the Foundation . Tracy Martin , Trayvon 's father , replaced Michael Hall as director , and Kim McCray replaced Marlon Hall as the registered agent . McCray is also identiﬁed in various news stories as the executive director of the Foundation .
The Foundation solicits donations through a link on its web site : trayvonmartinfoundation.org/donate/
Having followed the paper trail this far , here 's where I had hoped to pick up the money trail . Many charitable organizations post their ﬁnancial information on their web sites ; the Justice for Trayvon Foundation does not .
Interestingly , donations do n't actually go to the Foundation . They go to The Miami Foundation :
“ Please mail check/money order to : The Trayvon Martin Foundation c/o The Miami Foundation 200 S Biscayne Boulevard Ste 505 Miami , FL 33131 ”
The Miami Foundation also administers Trayvon Martin Foundation donations : “ The Miami Foundation administers all funds going directly to the Trayvon Martin Foundation . ”
In fact , donors are speciﬁcally instructed not to make out checks to the Trayvon Martin Foundation : “ If you would like to mail in your donation , please make all checks/money orders payable to : The Miami Foundation ( DO NOT make donations payable to ‘ The Trayvon Martin Foundation ' ) . ” [ emphasis mine ]
The Miami Foundation manages and administers donations for a number of charitable organizations , and its ﬁnancial information is available through its web site . ( www.miamifoundation.org ) Unfortunately , neither the Miami Foundation 's 2012 IRS Form 990 nor their ﬁnancial statements , contain any information on the revenue or expenses of each of their client organizations .
So I decided to go to the Internal Revenue Service web site . The IRS has a web page at which one can search for charitable organizations .
http : //www.irs.gov/Charities- & -Non-Proﬁts/Charitable-Organizations
But a search for the “ Justice for Trayvon Martin Foundation , ” and various permutations of that , revealed nothing . So I went back to the corporate record , got the Foundation 's EIN number ( also known as a federal tax ID number ) , and did a search using that .
To my surprise , the Justice for Trayvon EIN number , that 's listed with their corporation information , is actualy the EIN number of The Miami Foundation .
This is from the Trayvon foundation corporate record :
And this is what pops up on the IRS web site :
So at this point I am unable to ﬁnd the Justice for Trayvon Martin Foundation 's Form 990 . Why is the Form 990 important ? The Wikipedia article explains :
The Form 990 provides the public with ﬁnancial information about a given organization , and is often the only source of such information . It is also used by government agencies to prevent organizations from abusing their tax-exempt status . http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IRS_tax_forms # 990
If you 'll excuse the mixed metaphor , I 've kicked over a few rocks and hit a brick wall . And ended up with some questions :
1 ) Why does the Trayvon foundation list the Miami Foundation 's EIN number in their corporate information ?
2 ) Does the Trayvon foundation intend to ﬁle a Form 990 ? If so , when ? If not , why not ?
3 ) What compensation do the directors of the Trayvon foundation receive ?
4 ) What are the Foundation 's other expenses ?
5 ) Since the Miami Foundation processes the donations and administers the funds of the Trayvon Foundation , what do the directors of the Trayvon Foundation actually DO ?
6 ) What ﬁnancial controls does the Miami Foundation have in place to ensure that funds donated to the Trayvon Foundation actually go to the Trayvon Foundation ? Since the checks are made out to the Miami Foundation , the only way to distinguish a Trayvon Foundation donation is the “ in care of ” note on the envelope .
7 ) What percentage of the Trayvon Foundation revenue goes to accomplish the goals listed in their corporate charter , and what percentage is overhead expense ?
8 ) Out of all of the Foundation 's ﬁnancial assets , how much is dedicated to speciﬁc projects and how much is available for discretionary use ?
The next step is to contact the Justice for Trayvon Foundation and request a copy of their 2012 Form 990 . As the Wikipedia article notes :
IRC 6104 ( d ) regulations state that an organization must provide copies of its three most recent Forms 990 to anyone who requests them , whether in person , by mail , fax , or e- mail .
So I 'm going to contact the Justice for Trayvon Martin Foundation and request a copy of their Form 990 .
To be continued . . . . . . . .
Advertisements
MILLBURN -- Millburn officials have lost an appeal of a $ 455,000 verdict awarded to a former township police sergeant over claims they retaliated against them for reporting a superior officer failed a firearms test .
A state appellate panel on Oct. 23 upheld the jury award given to Kenneth Duym last year in their lawsuit against Millburn . The appellate judges rejected the township 's argument that Duym failed to show they were retaliated against for their whistleblower activity .
Duym has claimed the retaliation occurred in response to them reporting in 2010 that former Millburn Police Chief Gregory Weber - who was a captain at the time - had failed to meet the minimum requirements to requalify with their duty weapon .
Duym 's lawsuit alleged those acts of retaliation involved subjecting them to a criminal investigation , withholding their promotion , and removing them as firearms range master . Duym retired from the police force in 2013 , records show .
After a three-day trial in May 2014 , the jury awarded Duym $ 63,000 in economic damages and $ 392,000 in non-economic damages , according to the appellate decision . The trial judge dismissed Duym 's claim for punitive damages , and the appellate panel affirmed that decision .
In the township 's appeal , municipal officials claimed Duym failed to show `` his whistleblower activity contributed to the adverse employment actions of which they complain , '' the decision states .
But the appeals court dismissed that argument , saying in its decision that `` the record is replete with direct and circumstantial evidence that Weber was aware of plaintiff 's whistleblowing activity , and consequently acted on it . ''
Weber retired from the township police department in May , records show .
Eric Harrison , the attorney who represented Millburn in the case , said the municipality will be asking the New Jersey Supreme Court to hear its appeal .
`` We believe the Appellate Division was incorrect in its analysis and we will be petitioning the Supreme Court to review the case , '' Harrison said in an email .
In addition to the $ 455,000 jury award , the township also has been ordered to pay $ 107,000 to cover Duym 's legal fees as a result of the verdict , according to their attorney , Patrick Toscano Jr .
Toscano also said they were seeking more than $ 100,000 from the municipality in attorneys ' fees for Duym being successful in the appeal .
`` The appellate division was spot on in affirming this verdict/jury finding , as the actions of the defendants in this case , as reflected by the trial testimony , were particularly egregious , retaliatory , intentional and spiteful , '' Toscano said in an email .
In an unrelated case , Millburn Police Sgt . Robert Ronceray in May won a $ 145,000 jury verdict in their lawsuit against the township for allegedly retaliating against them by not promoting them to the rank of lieutenant .
MORE : Millburn ordered paying $ 455K to former cop in whistleblower lawsuit
The series of events leading to Duym 's lawsuit began on Oct. 21 , 2010 , when Duym , as the firearms range master , oversaw Weber 's requalification test , according to the appellate decision . Weber failed the test , because they were unable to shoot from a kneeling position , the decision states .
Following the orders of then-Millburn Police Chief David Barber , Duym offered Weber an opportunity to take the test again , but `` Weber declined the offer , explaining that they were incapable of kneeling , '' the decision states .
Duym then informed Weber that they had failed the requalification test , the decision states .
About a month later , Weber filed an internal affairs complaint against Duym , `` accusing them of harassment and of altering official police firearms qualification forms with respect to Weber 's failure to qualify on October 21 , 2010 , '' the decision states .
The matter was referred to the Professional Standards Bureau of the Essex
County Prosecutor 's Office , meaning Duym was the subject of a criminal investigation , the decision states .
Duym filed a tort claim notice in February 2011 for a possible lawsuit involving on Weber 's false accusation of criminal misconduct , the decision states . Weber ultimately said they did not want to pursue the investigation , and the probe was terminated in August 2011 , the decision states .
But soon after Weber was promoted to police chief later in 2011 , they removed Duym from their position as firearms range master , the decision states . Weber never consulted Duym or offer an explanation for their removal , the decision states .
The appellate judges noted how Weber admitted during their trial testimony that they removed Duym from the position , in part because Duym had filed the tort claim notice .
In their lawsuit , Duym also claimed Township Business Administrator Timothy Gordon retaliated against them by not promoting them to the rank of lieutenant .
But in dismissing one component of Duym 's punitive damages claim , the appeals court said the trial judge `` correctly found no basis in the evidence to conclude that Gordon engaged in intentionally wrongful conduct in not promoting plaintiff . ''
`` Generally , plaintiff 's contentions that Gordon 's actions resulted from their whistleblowing activity involving Weber are fraught with speculation , self-serving assertions , or unsubstantiated conjecture , '' the decision states .
Bill Wichert may be reached at bwichert @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ BillWichertNJ . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
Two recent studies have found a new racial divide facing America right now—namely , the optimism gap .
Carol Graham of the Brookings Institution studies happiness and inequality . In September , they analyzed Gallup-Healthways data that asked respondents to predict how satisfied they would be with their lives in five years .
Advertisement
They found something that might seem surprising : black people , whether they were rich or poor , displayed the most optimism of any group .
Last month , they looked at feelings of optimism among poor groups by race . Here too , they found that poor black people had the highest likelihood of feeling optimistic .
Advertisement
Poor black people were also less likely to say they were experiencing stress than poor people of other ethnicities .
Advertisement
Given the enormous obstacles that black people—especially poor black people—face in America , how could this be true ?
In a phone interview , Graham pointed me to research showing connections between a sense of community and optimism . For instance , a 2001 study by Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government found that levels of civic engagement— '' how many residents trusted others , socialized with others , and joined with others , among other measures '' —predicted the quality of community life and residents ' happiness far better than levels of community education or income .
Research has also shown that black people have higher levels of community engagement than members of other races . For instance , a survey published by nonprofit group CivicYouth.org found that a higher percentage of black people volunteer more than 100 hours a year . High civic engagement is also associated with religiosity , and the Harvard study found black people to be the most actively religious racial group in the country .
Advertisement
`` For every Ferguson , there 's been a Charleston , '' Graham said , referring to the police shooting of Mike Brown , an unarmed black man , and the massacre of 9 churchgoers in South Carolina 's largest city , respectively . `` When you 're religious , there 's a strong sense of community . ''
Graham also pointed to an `` Obama effect , '' something Gallup touted directly in its findings , which showed that from 2008 to 2015 , the percentage of black people who reported themselves to be `` thriving '' jumped a full 6.1 points—even though , at 53 % , it remained below all other groups .
Advertisement
`` These data show that something as seemingly distant from Americans ' personal lives as the election of a new president and the policies that they advocate can affect the way they view their lives , '' Gallup said . `` President Obama 's Democratic Party affiliation and their race both had an apparent effect . ''
Finally , economic indicators really have been improving for black people . Since 2009 , black median weekly earnings have climbed 14 % , a rate that trails only Asians , BLS data show .
Advertisement
And black people have seen faster growth in their employment-to-population ratio than any other racial group since 2009 .
Graham also points out that the proficiency gap between the poor and the rich is nearly twice as large as that between black and white children , while the overall black-white wage gap has also narrowed ( black males earned 69 % of the median wage for white males in 1970 and 75 % by 2013 ) .
Advertisement
Another factor in the unlikely optimism of black people is that they tend to compare their well-being not to white communities , but to black communities of previous generations . Graham points to a report by Andrew Cherlin that showed that poor and middle-class black people are more likely to compare themselves to parents who were worse off than they are , while most blue-collar whites are insecure and facing much more competition for jobs than their parents did .
`` Poor whites , they know they 're unlikely to live as well as their parents , '' they said . On the other hand , both poor black people and poor Latinos are doing better than their parents , on average .
`` Both those racial groups can envision that their children they 'll live better than they will . ''
Advertisement
Rob covers business , economics and the environment for Fusion . They previously worked at Business Insider . They grew up in Chicago .
NATO has struck in Iraq . Or , more precisely , two French Rafale warplanes bombed a storage depot in northern Iraq believed to be used by ISIS .
Washington cheered the French attack as the first wave of NATO military operations against the new enemy du jour , ISIS or the Islamic State . French president Francois Hollande , whose abysmal popularity ratings are now lower than Robespierre 's , butcher of the French Revolution , was elated by their show of machismo even if French voters were not .
What the French were really doing , of course , was show-casing their new Rafale fighter . There 's nothing like bombing Arabs to sell military hardware , as Israel has long shown .
Paris has been desperately trying to sell the Rafale , which is a very capable aircraft , to the Gulf Emirates , Saudi Arabia and India . Delhi signed an order for 126 Rafales in 2012 but has yet to implement it .
India knows France is desperate to sell Rafales and has been torturing the French with endless bureaucratic and contract delays while it tries to haggle down the price and improve co-production terms .
Two Rafales hardly mean full-scale NATO intervention in Iraq . Washington has been pressing NATO for decades to act as its gendarme in the Mideast . However , Europeans have been very reluctant to wade into the swamp of Mideast affairs or act as Washington 's native troops the way the Indian Army served the military needs of the British Empire . As the late Bavarian leader Franz Josef Strauss pithily put it , “ we refuse to be foot soldiers for the American atomic knights . ”
A notable exception was the French-led overthrow of Muammar Khadaffi in Libya . The always intemperate Libyan leader claimed in a 2011 interview that they helped secretly finance the election campaign of French conservative leader Nicholas Sarkozy , who just announced that they will run again for president in 2017 .
France , backed by the Obama administration , managed to drag a few other reluctant European nations into the attack on Libya . French and British special forces led the anti-Khadaffi uprising . Khadaffi 's convoy was bombed by French warplanes ( probably Rafales ) ; the Libyan leader was then captured by a mob led by French intelligence agents and murdered .
If NATO and Europe thought it was getting a bonanza of Libyan high grade oil , it was very wrong . What it got was chaos in Libya , jihadist uprisings in Mali and Nigeria , and waves of boatpeople heading for Italy .
Undaunted by this awful mess , the US is demanding that NATO take a lead role in fighting the Iraq-Syrian ISIS . But the amateur lady strategists in the White House also managed to get themselves in a frightening confrontation with Russia over fragmenting Ukraine .
NATO found itself facing a possible war in East Europe for which it was wholly unprepared . The threat of a nuclear clash suddenly became very real as NATO blundered ever deeper into the Ukrainian crisis .
ORDER IT NOW
This left Noble Peace Prize winner Barack Obama facing major confrontations in Eastern Europe and Mesopotamia – while trying to “ pivot ” to Asia . While the White House may be hoping that the wily Vladimir Putin will again rescue it from its own folly , as they did over Obama 's threats to attack Syria in 2013 , it seems likely that the US will be quickly drawn ever deeper into the mess in the Levant and Mesopotamia .
Meanwhile , US Secretary of State John Kerry just visited Cairo where they sought to enlist Egypt ' military junta to fight ISIS and possibly take over Libya , a notion that dates from the days of the late Anwar Sadat .
As for NATO , many Europeans wonder why the North Atlantic Treaty Organization still exists , given that it was created at counter the very real threat in the early Cold War years of a Soviet invasion of western Europe .
NATO , says top American strategist Zbig Brzezinski , is the key to American domination of Europe . Washington pays 75 % of NATO 's bills . NATO has allowed Europe to skimp on military spending . No wonder Europe is reluctant to get into new Mideast war .
The alliance has grown so feeble that the best President Obama could come up with to counter the alleged Russian threat was a feeble 4,000-man “ spearhead ” unit , backed by the equally feeble 8-10,000 US military personnel scattered across Europe . The rest of the once mighty 400,000 US garrison in Europe has gone home or is deployed on imperial missions . Russia is not much better off militarily .
There are even voices in Europe calling for abandoning NATO and forming a united European Union military , an idea strongly opposed by Washington . Russia has scared many of these NATO critics back into the arms of the alliance . But once the Ukraine crisis abates , expect renewed calls for Europe to shake off its dependency on the US and embark on an independent course .
On Decolonizing the March for Science April 22 , 2017
Posted by Summerspeaker in Anarchism Tags : March for Science
Today 's March for Science unsurprisingly prompted critiques of science from an antiracist and decolonial perspective . This one , from the Seattle group Women of Color Speak out , came across my social media . The post describes unsuccessful attempts to reach out to the local March for Science and make the event less “ less racist/elitist/colonialist/sexist. ” Women of Color Speak Out 's first three points to the “ Western White Cis Male Scientific Community ” come much recommended :
1 . We need a great deal of healing before the scientific community can be credible to the general public in terms of equity and “ inclusivity ” ( inclusivity is a white supremacist term , implies that they are doing minorities a favor instead of simply doing the right thing ) . 2 . In order for the scientific community to begin regaining trust of POC and marginalized people , they need to openly acknowledge how they have failed us for decades with their inaction on climate change . They must openly acknowledge that they have failed the Global South , POC , poor people , Indigenous peoples , and Womxn . 3 . The scientific community must acknowledge that by staying silent for decades they have served the White Colonial Empire before the needs of humanity and nature .
Overall , the scientific establishment indeed served , and often continues to serve , colonialism , imperialism , capitalism , ableism , heteropatriarchy , and other forms of oppression . Disentangling science a method , as a principle , from these pernicious systems of thought and action will take some doing . Women of Color Speak Out 's first points trace part of this long-term process .
Point four , by contrast , strikes me as misguided :
4 . In their values they say ‘ Science is the BEST method for understanding the world ' . This will greatly offend Indigenous communities , POC , and faith communities . This divisive messaging should be muted to ‘ Science is an EXCELLENT method to understand the world ' .
While I can see the logic behind lumping Indigenous communities with faith communities here , the addition of POC as well make it curiouser and curiouser . Though not necessarily always accurate or helpful , the narrative of indigeneity as entailing a worldview or worldviews distinct from and presumably at odds with the “ Western ” scientific one stands firmly established . But why exactly are people of color as a whole prone to taking offense to privileging scientific epistemology ? Unlike Indigenous communities and faith communities , there 's nothing definitional to the category “ people of color ” that implies some epistemology or epistemologies in tension with science .
The fact that science offends faith communities ( and other communities ) strikes me as one of its beneficial social effects rather than something to avoid or minimize . As argued by Meera Nanda and William Gillis , anything-goes epistemological pluralism and situated knowledges rarely lead toward freedom .
Nanda 's argument from “ The Epistemic Charity of the Social Constructivist Critics of Science and Why the Third World Should Refuse the Offer ” merits quoting at length :
It is my contention that the epistemic charity of the postmodern and the postcolonial science critics lies in the constitutive role they assign to social relations and cultural narratives in providing the norms of truth . Because they see nothing—not truth , not beauty , not goodness—that is not fully social , they see the free play and autonomy of local webs of meanings as the supreme priority , not to be constrained by any ‘ transcendent ' goal . But such a view of knowledge is problematic on at least three counts : ( 1 ) It allows social relations and cultural meanings , as they exist today with all their inequities and oppressions , to set limits on what we can know about the world . ( 2 ) Simultaneously , it disables any critique of the existing relations and meanings based on knowledge not derived from these same social relations . ( 3 ) Last but not the least , it delegitimizes and denigrates intellectuals and movements that bring modern science and scientific temper to bear on local knowledges . As we see in the following scenarios , under the prevailing contexts in most of the Third World , such a logic ends up strengthening those upholding the status quo , be they traditional cultural elites or the modern state . The losers in all these cases are the internal critics—people 's science movements , human rights , and democracy movements—that attempt to challenge the existing cultural mores by using the ‘ alien ' worldview of science .
Now , Nanda 's generalization of the Third World ( with the valuable qualifier “ most of ” ) obscures important complexities and may not apply to Indigenous peoples in North America and elsewhere . The core logic remains sound nonetheless . Knowledge about our shared material and social world matters . Insulating situated local knowledges from outside engagement , including challenges , facilities abuse .
I hope the growing movement to decolonize science can avoid falling into this trap . I hope transhumanists , especially without a background in antiracism and similar , take seriously critiques of science from Women of Color Speak Out and others .
Advertisements
Urge Trump to Confront Russia
53 members of Congress have sent a letter to Donald Trump urging the president to condemn the reports of kidnap , imprisonment , torture and murder of gay men in the Russian Republic of Chechnya .
`` As Members of Congress dedicated to the promotion of fundamental human rights across the globe , '' the letter begins , `` we urge you to immediately publicly condemn the ongoing abuses of Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender ( LGBT ) and perceived to be LGBT individuals in Chechnya and to raise this issue at the highest levels with members of the Russian government . ''
As BuzzFeed reported , the effort is being spearheaded by Rep. David Cicilline of Rhode Island , and includes one Republican : Ileana Ros-Lehiten of Florida .
`` The lives of hundreds of Chechens are at stake , '' the letter continues , `` and it is vital that the U.S. uses its full leverage to pressure Russian authorities to end these atrocities , conduct a fair and open investigation and prosecution of these crimes , and swiftly work to provide a safe haven for the marginalized . ''
It proceeds to detail the reports indicating that `` since early March , the Chechen government has conducted a coordinated campaign of arrest , torture , and murder targeting gay and bisexual men and women , '' citing international human rights groups and local activists . In May , a report by the Human Rights Watch confirmed the atrocities .
The head of Chechnya , Ramzan Kadyrov , is a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin . Both leaders have denied or ignored the accusations , which the letter points out , also noting that Russia `` prematurely ended an investigation with the claim that the multiple reports have little credence . ''
`` We urge you to assign to the appropriate agencies in your Administration , and work with our allies , to help find a safe refuge for the Chechens who have managed to escape this horrifying situation , '' the Congressmen urged .
In May , reports surfaced that Trump 's State Department had denied visas for gay men fleeing Chechen persecution .
`` The United States stands as a beacon of hope for marginalized people across the world and has a commitment to protect and promote the human rights and dignity of all persons , '' the letter concludes .
`` When the President speaks out against human rights atrocities , or chooses to stay silent , the world pays attention . ''
The full letter can be read below :
This week , 53 members of Congressâ€ ” Democrats and Republicansâ€ ” sent letter to Trump pleading with them to confront LGBT torture in Chechnya . pic.twitter.com/vPoUDUK0FK â€ ” Matt McDermott ( @ mattmfm ) July 15 , 2017
To comment on this article and other NCRM content , visit our Facebook page .
See a mistake ? Email corrections to : [ email protected ]
What best explains the division we see among conservatives these days ? Is it ideology , strategy , or just tactics ? All three factor in . But I believe the biggest source of division is cognitive .
Some conservatives perceive that the left is bent on radically transforming American values , institutions , and ways of living , and will use almost any tactic , regardless of its legality , to accomplish the transformation . Others perceive the current moment as a normal clash of opposing parties and opinions — serious , but not exceptional .
I am in the former camp , but my purpose here is not to argue the question . Rather , I want to discuss some implications of the cognitive divide .
The Tea Party movement ( as its name implies ) signaled the beginning of a mainstream conservative movement that viewed contemporary Democrats as more than just practitioners of liberal business as usual . In 2010 , it helped sweep into Congress dozens of new members who believe , or at least professed , that American liberty is on the line .
These members were n't elected to improve the lot of illegal immigrants , to promote leniency for drug felons , or to reach compromises with Democrats over how much the federal government will grow . They were elected to stop the Obama agenda in its tracks and , if possible , to roll it back .
Legislative rollback has not occurred ; it was never a realistic possibility with Obama in the White House . But Republicans stymied the left 's legislative agenda . There was a close call on immigration reform , but since 2010 Congress has essentially shut out Obama legislatively .
The sequester , a big goose-egg for Obama , is perhaps the best illustration of how things changed after 2010 . Democrats were confident that Republicans would n't consent to budget cuts if they had a substantial impact on military spending .
In a normal political moment , the Dems would have been right , but in this moment , they were wrong . Republicans held the line on spending cuts to the great consternation of Obama .
John Boehner and their fellow “ establishment ” Republicans chafed throughout this period of strong resistance to Obama . Boehner would have loved to cut a grand budget bargain with the president . Eric Cantor would have loved amnesty-style immigration reform .
However , Boehner , Cantor , and the rest felt constrained by Tea Party movement . They even went along for a while with a partial government shutdown , even though their every instinct told them ( not without justification ) that this move was ill-advised .
Now , only a little more than a year remains of Obama 's presidency . Since the beginning of this year , moreover , they have even fewer Democrats in Congress than they had during the legislatively barren period of 2011-2014 . One would expect , then , that their presidency would simply peter out , at least from a legislative standpoint . Even had there been no Tea Party movement , Obama should be the lamest of lame ducks .
Yet , they may not be . More than a few congressional Republicans suddenly feel the urge to work with Obama and their loyal liberal legislators . The bottled up instinct to legislate and to deal is coming to the fore .
A central element of Obama 's leftist ideology is the slanderous proposition that our “ racist ” criminal justice system has produced “ incarceration nation ” — a regime in which Blacks needlessly languish in jail thanks to a misguided ( or worse ) war on drugs . Suddenly , key conservative legislators on the Senate Judiciary Committee have helped liberals write legislation that would put thousands of drug dealers back on the streets .
Meanwhile , the House is poised to elect Paul Ryan its Speaker . Ryan is an ardent supporter of amnesty-style immigration reform . To him , it 's a matter of religious conviction . In addition , Ryan probably yearns to strike a grand budget deal with the Democrats . For him , such work is far more fulfilling that saying “ no ” to Democrats .
Indeed , Ryan apparently does n't believe that the House has done the nation a service by saying “ no ” to the Dems . They are on record as stating that the Republican House has “ fall [ en ] short ” and , indeed , “ add [ ed ] ” to “ the country 's problems . ”
Ryan 's urge to compromise and to deal makes sense if you believe that this is a normal political moment . Normally , when push comes to shove , Republicans and Democrats work together , if not to solve our nation 's problems then at least jointly to kick them down the road .
But if it 's true that Democrats are on a mission to radically transform at all costs , then seeking compromise with them will usually be a mistake because meaningful common ground wo n't exist . This does n't mean that Republicans should never compromise . There may be circumstances when dealing with the Dems is necessary as a tactical matter . In these cases , the “ bargains ” should be minimalist , not “ grand . ”
Republican voters seem to agree that the Age of Obama is not a normal political period . That 's why four of the five top-polling GOP presidential candidates either have never held political office or ( in the case of Ted Cruz ) have held it only briefly and used it to hurl bombs .
GOP voters seem to be thinking “ outside the box. ” Another way of looking at it , though , is that they perceive our politics as having moved into a new box in the Age of Obama .
A generation ago , you 'd be hard-pressed to find elite runners paying attention to their abs . Today , it 's practically mandatory . “ Our coaches drill the importance of core conditioning into our heads , ” says world champion hurdler Lolo Jones . “ We 're at it all the time. ” That 's because scientists and coaches now know that you ca n't run your best without a strong core , the muscles in your abdominals , lower back , and glutes . They provide the stability , power , and endurance that runners need for powering up hills , sprinting to the finish , and maintaining efficient form mile after mile .
Quality core work is n't easy . But it does n't require more than 15 minutes a few times a week—an investment that will pay dividends on the road . Just ask Lolo Jones . Even in the off-season , she 's working their core three times a week so that when they race , she 'll have the stamina to retain their status as America 's top hurdler . “ When my core strength is at its peak , ” says Jones , “ I can run more efficiently and maintain that extra edge . ”
* * *
The 15-minute workout designed just for runners
Fortunately , quality core work does n't require a lot of time or equipment-just a few key moves done correctly and consistently . To get abs quick , use this workout , designed by Greg McMillan , a running coach and exercise scientist in Flagstaff , Arizona , who has worked with many recreational runners and world-class athletes . The workout is devised to strengthen the specific muscles runners need for bounding up hills , sprinting to the finish , enduring long distances , and preventing common running injuries . Try doing two sets of these moves right before or after your run , three times a week .
Superman
What It Hits : transversus abdominis ( deep abs ) and erector spinae ( lower back )
Start facedown on the floor , with your arms and legs extended out front . Raise your head , your left arm , and right leg about five inches off the floor . Hold for three counts , then lower . Repeat with your right arm and left leg . Do up to 10 reps on each side .
Keep It Honest : Do n't raise your shoulders too much .
Make It Harder : Lift both arms and legs at the same time .
Bridge
What It Hits : Glutes and hamstrings
Lie faceup on the floor , with your knees bent 90 degrees , your feet on the floor . Lift your hips and back off the floor until your body forms a straight line from your shoulders to your knees . Hold for five to 10 seconds . Lower to the floor and repeat 10 to 12 times .
Keep It Honest : Squeeze your glutes at the top of the movement , and do n't let your spine sag .
Make It Harder : Straighten one leg once your hips are lifted .
Metronome
What It Hits : Obliques
Lie faceup on the floor with your knees bent and raised over your hips , with your ankles parallel to the ground , your feet lifted , and your arms extended outward . Rotate your legs to the left side , bringing your knees as close to the floor as possible without touching .
Return to the center , then move your knees to the right side . Do 10 to 12 reps on each side .
Keep It Honest : Make sure not to swing your hips or use momentum ; start the movement from your core and continue to move slowly from side to side .
Make It Harder : Keep your legs straight .
Plank Lift
What It Hits : Transversus abdominis and lower back
Begin facedown on the floor , propped up on your forearms , with knees and feet together . With your elbows under your shoulders , lift your torso , legs , and hips in a straight line from head to heels . Hold for 10 seconds . Raise your right leg a few inches , keeping the rest of the body still . Lower and repeat with your left leg .
Keep It Honest : Pull in your belly and do n't let your hips sag .
Make It Harder : Extend the time of the exercise . Each time you lift your leg , hold it for 15 to 20 seconds .
Side Plank
What It Hits : obliques , transversus abdominis , lower back , hips , and glutes
Lie on your right side , supporting your upper body on your right forearm , with your left arm at your left side . Lift your hips and , keeping your body weight supported on the forearm and the side of the right foot , extend your left arm above your shoulder . Hold this position for 10 to 30 seconds . Switch sides and repeat .
Keep It Honest : Keep your hips up ; do n't let them sag .
Make It Harder : Support your upper body with your right hand , instead of your forearm .
* * *
Quick Fixes to Common Core Mistakes
The Mistake : You 're doing the wrong exercises
“ The biggest mistake that runners tend to make is to take strength-training moves like crunches straight from the fitness industry , ” says Greg McMillan , a running coach based in Flagstaff , Arizona . For most runners , standard crunches are n't helpful because they do n't work the deep core muscles that provide stability to run mile after mile .
The Fix : Do workouts that hit the muscles and movements that runners need . Try exercises like the side plank or plank lift that strengthen the obliques , located on the sides of the trunk , and the transverse abs , the deep core muscles that wrap around the trunk like a corset . These muscles stabilize the core , help counter rotation , and minimize wasteful movement so that you run more efficiently .
The Mistake : You 're a creature of habit
Even if you 've moved beyond crunches , you may have slipped into a routine . “ You need to constantly challenge your muscles to get results , ” says running coach Sam Murphy , coauthor of Running Well .
The Fix : Mix it up . Fine-tune your workout to make it more difficult . Try balancing on one leg or changing your arm position . At the gym , use devices like stability balls or balance discs , unstable platforms that force your core muscles to work harder to keep you steady . And as a rule , McMillan says , change your routine around every six weeks or so .
The Mistake : You whip through your workouts
If you 're flying through moves , you 're using momentum , not muscles .
The Fix : Slow it down . Exercises like the plank , which require holding one position for 10 to 60 seconds , force you to work your muscles continuously . Even in exercises that involve repetitions , make steady , not rapid-fire , movements . “ It takes intention , ” says well-known musculoskeletal therapist Phil Wharton . “ Do n't rush through them , and make sure you 're doing them properly . ”
The Mistake : You ignore what you do n't see
Runners often have weak backs because they just forget about them , says Paul Frediani , a USA Triathlon coach in New York City . “ But when you 're running , especially for a long time , those muscles in the lower back and along the spine are crucial for providing stability and support . ”
The Fix : Include at least one exercise that hits the lower back and glutes in each workout . Moves like the bridge and superman , build muscles that support and protect the spine .
Recently I came across a situation where I wanted to animate the background color of the app 's Toolbar , TabLayout , FloatingActionButton , and the window StatusBar when the selected tab changes .
Here 's a look at the expected result :
Basically within the onTabSelected method of my TabLayout.OnTabSelectedListener implementation , I wanted to animate from the current color to the new tab 's corresponding color , ensuring that all views are animating simultaneously .
To do this , I chose to use the ValueAnimator which allows you to iterate over the difference of two values over a timed interval . I also used an ArgbEvaluator for the ValueAnimator 's evaluator to handle the calculation of each animation step between the two ARGB colors .
Here 's what that looks like :
int colorFrom = ( ( ColorDrawable ) toolbar.getBackground ( ) ) .getColor ( ) ; int colorTo = getColorForTab ( selectedTab.getPosition ) ; ValueAnimator colorAnimation = ValueAnimator.ofObject ( new ArgbEvaluator ( ) , colorFrom , colorTo ) ;
An important note here , it 's critical that you use the actual color value , not the color resource IDs !
We use the toolbar 's current background color as the starting color of the animation , and determine the color to animate to based on the newly selected tab .
Now the ValueAnimator can be used to inform us of what color to use during each animation iteration :
colorAnimation.addUpdateListener ( new ValueAnimator.AnimatorUpdateListener ( ) { @ Override public void onAnimationUpdate ( ValueAnimator animator ) { int color = ( int ) animator.getAnimatedValue ( ) ; toolbar.setBackgroundColor ( color ) ; tabLayout.setBackgroundColor ( color ) ; floatingActionButton.setBackgroundTintList ( ColorStateList.valueOf ( color ) ) ; if ( Build.VERSION.SDK_INT > = Build.VERSION_CODES.LOLLIPOP ) { getWindow ( ) .setStatusBarColor ( color ) ; } } } ) ; colorAnimation.start ( ) ;
Before calling start , we add an AnimatorUpdateListener that will be called with the animated value during each iteration of the animation . We take the animated value , cast it to an int in order to represent the actual color , and set it on the views .
The Toolbar and TabLayout are simple enough , we just call the standard View method setBackgroundColor with the animated value .
The FloatingActionButton provides a minor annoyance because it overrides and does n't implement the setBackgroundColor method , so we ca n't use that . Instead we use setBackgroundTintList with a single value : our animated color .
Finally , setting the StatusBar color is only supported on SDK version 21 and up , so we do a quick check first on the device 's SDK version prior to calling setStatusBarColor on the Window , again with the animated color value .
Finally , the ValueAnimator is a subclass of Animation so we can do some standard animation things like setting the duration :
... colorAnimation.setDuration ( 250 ) ; ... colorAnimation.start ( ) ;
And that 's all there is to it - the animation is a pretty nice touch in my mind , and definitely worth the minimal effort it takes to implement .
The perfect voice would have elements of Dame Judi Dench Researchers say they have worked out a mathematical formula to find the perfect human voice . The study , commissioned by Post Office Telecoms , asked people to rate 50 voices then analysed the results . It found the best female voice to be a mixture of Mariella Frostrup , Dame Judi Dench and Honor Blackman . Alan Rickman and Jeremy Irons did best for the men . The research was conducted by linguist Andrew Linn , of Sheffield University , and sound engineer Shannon Harris . Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . They concluded the ideal voice should utter no more than 164 words per minute and pause for 0.48 seconds between sentences . Sentences themselves should fall rather than rise in intonation . Vocal traits associated with positive characteristics , such as confidence and trust , scored highly with listeners . This formula gives us an exciting glimpse into the way voices work and what makes them appealing or repelling
Professor Andrew Linn Professor Linn said : `` As humans we instinctively know which voices send shivers down our spine and which make us shudder with disgust . `` The emotional responses panellists had to the voices were surprising and go some way to explaining how voiceover artists or radio DJs are selected , or why particular celebrity voices appeal . '' Please turn on JavaScript . Media requires JavaScript to play . They said most men found presenter Mariella Frostrup 's voice `` mesmerising '' because it was deep , slow and confident . Actor Jeremy Irons came very close to the ideal voice model , speaking at 200 words per minute and pausing for 1.2 seconds between sentences . Professor Linn said this explained why their `` deep gravelly tones '' inspired trust in listeners . They said : `` This formula gives us an exciting glimpse into the way voices work and what makes them appealing or repelling . '' The formula showed the BBC 's Jonathan Ross , on the other hand , spoke too quickly , with very short pauses between sentences . The researchers said the presenter 's varied range of voice , with frequent highs and lows was associated with expressiveness and intelligence . But their rising intonation was usually linked with someone weak or unsure .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
This article is from the archive of our partner .
You 'd think the safest place for animals is usually a zoo . That apparently is n't the case in China . At a zoo in China 's Guangdong province over the weekend , a man apparently bit and killed a large flightless bird as part of an elaborate suicide attempt . Here 's the Shenzen news report :
According to the blog The Nanfang , the man , slashed their wrists after police were called . `` As they began to lose strength , Li lay on the ostrich 's corpse like a pillow before police approached them tentatively . They offered little resistance before police dragged them away , '' writes Kevin McGeary .
The whole thing is pretty horrifying , but , horrifying zoo incidents seem to be the norm in China . The message of humane treatment just is n't working at China 's zoos , where people are actually pretty mean to the animals . Just last week , the Shenzen Evening News reported that a zoo in Shenzen only had two crocodiles left from what was originally over a dozen because people like to throw rocks at the animals and throw garbage into their pools . Part of this is because people wanted to make sure they were real ( via Google Translate ) :
A lot of people questioned the validity of the crocodile pond and curious members of the public threw mineral water bottles and garbage [ at the crocodiles ] resulting in crocodile pool filled with garbage .
And on January 6 , the blog Beijing Cream reported on a story coming out of Hangzhou Zoo where people felt compelled to pelt the lions there with snowballs ( photo evidence , right ) . And one Redditor confirms what we 've heard : snow balls are actually one of the nicer things they throw :
Considering that people are routinely attacking zoo animals without any punishment , this ostrich murder should come as no surprise to those familiar with Chinese zoo etiquette . As Nanfang reports , `` Li [ the ostrich murderer ] claims to have no recollection of the incident . The investigation is ongoing . ''
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
A decade-old decision to lease a massive new headquarters for public school administrators is still costing as much as $ 13 million a year , half of which comes from operational expenses that could be going to classrooms .
That , along with criticisms the Calgary Board of Education has budgeted for deficits but collected surpluses over the last three years , was released Thursday by the province as part of an ongoing fiscal review called this spring amid controversy over busing .
“ I 'm concerned , ” said Education Minister David Eggen , referring to a report that found the CBE finished the last three fiscal years with annual surpluses of $ 9.1 million , $ 11.4 million and $ 14.6 million , respectively .
“ They come out in the fall projecting a deficit when , in fact , they have delivered surpluses . That 's a large grain of salt we have to keep in mind . Boards have done that for a long time because of unstable funding from the previous government and are always playing one thing against the other .
“ But we are providing long-term , stable funding , and they need to ensure their numbers remain consistent . ”
Eggen said he 's also concerned about the CBE 's ongoing 20-year lease for its downtown administration building , with no option for purchase until March 2031 . The total annual operating cost is now at $ 13 million , including the Education Centre and Safran Centre . And while CBE currently generates revenue under a sub-lease of the top two floors of the Education Centre to commercial tenants , half of the $ 13-million cost comes from operational expenses which could be going to classrooms , Eggen said . If the sub-lease were to expire , Eggen added , the CBE may be at risk of losing some of that revenue due to changed market conditions .
“ I do n't know who , or why they would have made that choice . But we want to work to resolve and clean up these things . Half of that lease expense is coming from their operational funding , which is from the classroom . ”
But CBE officials responded quickly Thursday afternoon , saying that budgeting for deficits is not uncommon and any surplus that remains after a fiscal year goes straight back into classrooms .
“ We are obligated to submit balanced budgets , which we do every year , and we need to build in a bit of conservatism , which may result in a surplus , ” said Brad Grundy , chief financial officer for the CBE . “ But we invest those dollars immediately back into the classroom . ”
They added that the long-term lease of the CBE administration building has been a point of discussion for many , many years , which dates well before their time .
“ But those are costs we incur and that we review on a regular basis to see if there is any opportunity to do something different , but that does n't seem to be the case right now . ”
Board chair Joy Bowen-Eyre , who will not be seeking re-election as a school trustee this fall , added the board looks forward to continuing to work with the province to try to meet parent expectations for transportation .
“ In Calgary , parents and educators have very high expectations , ” they said . “ We want excellent , high-quality public education and parents are really busy . They 're facing lots of restraints , and if they can have better busing , then they would like to have that . ”
Eggen ordered a financial review of the CBE this spring after a series of changes to busing was announced , including more congregated stops farther from schools , changes to bell times and putting more middle school students in alternative programs onto Calgary Transit at a cost of $ 700 a year to parents .
Officials from the CBE at the time said a big part of their challenge was the province 's introduction of Bill 1 , which eliminates instructional fees and transportation fees for kids in regular programs who live farther than 2.4 kilometres from their designated schools .
But Eggen reiterated yet again Thursday that the province has given the CBE $ 18 million to offset fee reduction , part of the total $ 1.3 billion in funding the board receives overall .
“ Part of my frustration is the mixing up of transportation issues with our efforts to reduce school fees , ” Eggen said .
“ I know we 're in a politically heated fall , with municipal and trustee elections , but mixing up a very noble and necessary initiative and somehow making suggestions that the bill was causing transportation chaos … it just simply is n't true . ”
Eggen expects to announce specific recommendations to the board 's transportation challenges by Thanksgiving , they confirmed .
But they also hope to continue the review and compare best practices of the three other large metro boards across the province .
eferguson @ postmedia.com
The Ulam spiral ( Python and PyPy )
( January 2014 )
For the TL ; DR crowd : Yesterday , I found this Youtube video about the Ulam prime spiral ; I read the relevant Wikipedia entry , and reliving my first programming memories from childhood , reimplemented it ( this time in Python , not BASIC : ‑ ) I then tried running it for big grids , and using PyPy , saw it execute 50 times faster - from 70 seconds down to 1.4 seconds .
I really loved math , as a kid . It was like an oasis , in a vast desert of subjects that I cared nothing about . I always kept it last in my `` study queue of the day '' , as the reward waiting for me after I finished all the rest . Sometimes I could n't take it any more - and bored to tears from intellectually stimulating subjects like Geography and On being a citizen ( do n't ask ) , I would just ... fall off the study wagon , towards the only thing that actually made sense to me : math .
To be accurate , it was n't just math . I appreciated the sciences that studied deterministic processes , stuff that could be measured by numbers and be modelled - and predicted ! - by mathematical constructs . For that reason , I loved physics almost as much as math - a crossing of domains , forming a bridge between the beauty of mathematics and the seemingly chaotic natural world . I really liked that .
And then , at the age of 13 , I got to meet the ultimate bridge between mathematics and reality , through a friend 's magazine ( called , clairvoyantly enough , 'Computers for everyone ' ) . That particular issue contained a BASIC program that calculated primes . I did n't know anything about computers , I was only vaguely aware of their existence ... but the mathematical nature of the article , oh , that I could definitely understand .
I was hooked . This was magic !
A year later , at the age of 14 , one of my brothers gave me the best present ever : they bought a Sinclair ZX Spectrum 48K ... and my life found purpose : I wanted to code - more than anything else in the world .
Memory trigger
Decades later , that young kid still lives in me . The rewards are now far easier to get ; I just lie on my couch , and use my tablet to enjoy MinutePhysics , Veritasium and Numberphile ( which is a Greek-derived word , translating as `` someone who loves numbers '' ) .
While visiting Numberphile yesterday , I found a video about prime spirals . It awoke that long forgotten memory of my first contact with programming - calculating primes ! As I was watching the video , I knew I would not be able to resist writing the code to draw these prime spirals , and verify them for myself .
Have a look - or read the relevant Wikipedia entry :
Prime spirals ( from the Numberphile Youtube channel )
An unexpected pattern of diagonals emerges when arranging all the natural numbers in a spiral - prime numbers seem to 'prefer ' specific diagonals .
Coding , decades later
As soon as I finished watching the video , I stood up from my couch , sat at my desktop , and launched my Python/VIM environment . For added bonus points , I wanted to do this using no external libraries , and via exactly the same algorithm that I first saw all these years ago , in BASIC . Yes , I still remember the code , and no , it was n't an array-marking sieve .
The only luxury I allowed myself , was the application of the corresponding functional ( instead of imperative ) looping forms . Translation : the nasty C-style loops would be morphed into yield , itertools and generator expressions .
import math import itertools def primes ( ) : yield 2 primesSoFar = [ 2 ] for candidate in itertools . count ( 3 , 2 ) : for prime in ( i for i in primesSoFar if i < = int ( math . sqrt ( candidate ) ) ) : if 0 == candidate % prime : break else : primesSoFar . append ( candidate ) yield candidate def main ( ) : for p in primes ( ) : if p > 100 : break print p , if __name__ == `` __main__ '' : main ( )
My SLIME-y Python environment showed that this indeed provided the primes up to 100 :
My Python/VIM environment . If your browser does n't show the video above ,
you can download and watch it with an offline video player ( e.g . VLC ) .
The code is quite simple : the purpose of the function is to yield primes , one after the other - so it stores them as it finds them ( inside primesSoFar ) , and checks each candidate natural number to see if it can be divided by the primes computed so far ( checking up to the square root of the candidate , which , if you think about it , is the upper limit of any potential factor ) .
If you 've never seen yield before , go read my blog post about it and come back afterwards - believe me when I say , it 's a construct worth knowing about . As you can see , I am also using itertools.count to start counting from 3 , in steps of 2 .
So , getting the list of primes : check .
Wait a second . That was n't really the target though , was it ? No , what I wanted was to generate the prime spiral ; to generate one pixel for each natural number , black or white , depending on whether the number is a prime or not .
def primeSpiralPixels ( ) : yield 255 yield 0 primesSoFar = [ 2 ] for candidate in itertools . count ( 3 ) : for prime in ( p for p in primesSoFar if p < = int ( math . sqrt ( candidate ) ) ) : if 0 == candidate % prime : yield 255 break else : primesSoFar . append ( candidate ) yield 0
This mild refactoring provided what I needed - an infinite supply of black and white pixel intensities ( with intensity result 0 corresponding to black , and intensity 255 to white ) . Basically , the refactoring was about itertools.count losing its step of 2 , and having not just the primes , but also the non-primes yield a result ( 255 - white ) .
Time to implement the spiral arrangement of this infinite stream of pixel intensities .
Hmm ... how ?
Let me think ...
Drawing in a spiral means that one moves in circles : first towards the right , then up , then left , then down , and then all over again . We switch directions , do n't we ? When ? ...
When we find that the block towards the next direction in our cycle is empty .
OK , clear enough ... but how do we implement this cycling process ?
Well , we 're in Python : itertools offers a cycle , which can be used to keep track of our ( dx , dy ) vectors : that is , the current move direction , and the future move direction . We will call that one the check direction , since it is the direction we will switch to , when we check the corresponding tile and find it to be empty :
rows = 202 if len ( sys . argv ) == 1 else int ( sys . argv [ 1 ] ) screen = { } moves = itertools . cycle ( [ ( 1 , 0 ) , ( 0 , - 1 ) , ( - 1 , 0 ) , ( 0 , 1 ) ] ) check = moves . next ( ) move , check = check , moves . next ( ) currentPosition = [ int ( rows / 2 ) , int ( rows / 2 ) ] for c in itertools . islice ( primeSpiralPixels ( ) , rows * rows ) : screen [ currentPosition [ 0 ] , currentPosition [ 1 ] ] = c currentPosition [ 0 ] += move [ 0 ] currentPosition [ 1 ] += move [ 1 ] checkPosition = ( currentPosition [ 0 ] + check [ 0 ] , currentPosition [ 1 ] + check [ 1 ] ) if checkPosition not in screen : move , check = check , moves . next ( )
itertools are used here to ...
cycle through the 4 directions , keeping the check direction one step ahead of the move direction : move , check = check , moves.next ( )
... and to islice the infinite list of pixel values returned by primeSpiralPixels , to get the pixels necessary for a rows x rows grid .
for c in itertools . islice ( primeSpiralPixels ( ) , rows * rows ) : screen [ currentPosition ] = c currentPosition += move checkPosition = currentPosition + check if checkPosition not in screen : move , check = check , moves . next ( ) A mini-class could also be used here , equipped with an addition operator , which would clear up the inner loop further - into something like this : This is left as an exercise for the reader : ‑ )
And that was it .
The screen dictionary filled up with the pixel data , so I could now save it in any image format I wanted . To abide by my rules ( no external dependencies ) but also quickly test what I did , I saved the data in a .pgm file - a simple , grayscale format , expecting width x height bytes ( you now see why I used 0 for black , and 255 for white - it 's what .pgm expects ) , with a simple header up front to provide the image dimensions :
image = open ( `` ulam.pgm '' , `` w '' ) image . write ( `` P5
`` + str ( rows - 1 ) + `` `` + str ( rows - 1 ) + ``
255
`` ) for row in xrange ( 1 , rows ) : for col in xrange ( 1 , rows ) : image . write ( chr ( screen [ col , row ] ) )
I know , I know - this is probably the lamest and slowest way to save an image , ever : ‑ )
And there it was - a prime spiral of my own making :
See ? There they are , those prime diagonals ...
What about larger grids ? Is this naive implementation fast enough ?
Optimizing ?
We live in the days of CPUs with large caches - and one of the things that clashes with proper cache usage is increased memory usage . Have we sinned in that department ?
Sure we have - we use Python , for one . An interpreter .
We also store the image data in a dictionary , instead of a 2D array . Tut-tut .
And to top it all off , even though I ca n't say the magic lazy word here ( for fear of being lynched by a Haskell mob , : ‑ ) we are not exactly optimal in that department , either ... Use of yield and functional-style generators clears up the code , sure - but a mutating imperative-style for-loop terrorist is far more efficient , both instruction- and data-cache-wise .
But first things first - before we optimize , we need to be able to monitor the executions , to see a percentage completion indicator . We know the target number of pixels from the start , so this ...
pixelsDone = 0 oldPct = 0 print `` Generating picture ... `` , for c in itertools . islice ( primeSpiralPixels ( ) , rows * rows ) : ... pixelsDone += 1 newPct = 100 * pixelsDone / ( rows * rows ) if newPct ! = oldPct : sys . stdout . write ( `` \b\b\b\b % 3d % % '' % newPct ) sys . stdout . flush ( ) oldPct = newPct
... this should do the trick . The \b backtracks the cursor to the left , and thus new percentage reports overwrite the previous ones . We will now know during execution how far away we are from completing the picture .
Let 's try this out with a larger grid :
bash $ time ./primeSpirals.py 500 Generating pictures ... 100 % Done ! Now go open 'ulam.pgm ' with your picture viewer ( e.g . feh , gqview , etc ) ... real 1m10.755s user 1m10.703s sys 0m0.017s
Hmm , 70 seconds .
I could switch to hyperdrive , and as I did with other problems write an imperative implementation in C. The speedup would probably be tremendous : compiled instead of interpreted , a 2D array instead of a dictionary for screen , array-modulo-based access of moves instead of itertools.cycle , much improved CPU cache utilization , etc ...
But before I go all Terminator on the code , I better try for some low-hanging fruit first - namely , use PyPy :
bash $ # Run in good old CPython ... bash $ time ./primeSpirals.py 500 Generating pictures ... 100 % Done ! Now go open 'ulam.pgm ' with your picture viewer ( e.g . feh , gqview , etc ) ... real 1m10.755s user 1m10.703s sys 0m0.017s bash $ # Checksum the generated image , to be sure PyPy does n't break things bash $ md5sum ulam.pgm 4a7c62d1becfad1580de8e549417052e ulam.pgm bash $ # Run in PyPy ... bash $ time pypy ./primeSpirals.py 500 Generating pictures ... 100 % Done ! Now go open 'ulam.pgm ' with your picture viewer ( e.g . feh , gqview , etc ) ... real 0m1.339s user 0m1.300s sys 0m0.037s bash $ # Checksum matches ? bash $ md5sum ulam.pgm 4a7c62d1becfad1580de8e549417052e ulam.pgm
Wait - what just happened ?
PyPy runs this code 50 times faster than CPython !
And I made sure ( via MD5 checking ) that the generated picture was indeed the same .
OK , optimizing in this case is surely not what I am used to . Way to go , PyPy !
...
I lie back on the couch , and get back to watching more Numberphile videos - oh , there 's this `` pebbling a chessboard '' that begs for a Javascript interface ... : ‑ )
Back to index My CV Last update on : Sat Oct 21 20:14:05 2017
The comments on this website require the use of JavaScript . Perhaps your browser is n't JavaScript capable or the script is not being run for another reason . If you 're interested in reading the comments or leaving a comment behind please try again with a different browser or from a different connection .
MUMBAI : In a new Aadhar-linked facility , Maharashtra government has developed an online repository for important documents like certificates , degrees , etc which are frequently required to apply for any job and other services.The `` Maha Digital Locker '' will end to hassle of physically carrying important documents like education and property certificates . `` Our state has done a lot of progress in e-governance and even the central government has praised us for our revolutionary work in the IT field . Even this new programme of ours has earned the appreciation of the Union government , '' Director of IT department of the State Secretariat , Virendra Singh told PTI.Elaborating on the specifics of the programme , Singh said , `` Everyone who has an Aadhar card can use the e-locker facility by logging in on elocker.maharashtra.gov.in.The Aadhar number will be the key to open the person 's account . That person can upload and save the scanned copies of all their important documents and can retrieve it whenever required . `` He added that uploading certificates like those related to birth , marriage , income and caste certificates on the e-locker will ensure that there is no need to carry them in physical format when they are needed for educational or job purpose . `` We will also get employers signing up with us so that they can directly access their candidate 's documents from us . But this will all be very secured . No third person can get access to a particular person 's personal information , '' Singh said.He said that whenever a person will apply for a document or a certificate at any SETU ( project ) office , a copy of it will be uploaded by the Gram Panchayat , Tehsil or collectorate office.When asked to comment on the security features of e-locker that will prevent its misuse , Singh said all documents of a person will be protected by a One Time Password ( OTP ) that will be sent to the user 's mobile phone every time they try to log in with their Aadhar number .
A new German study published in Brain , Behavior , and Immunity by Loebel , et al . has found that Chronic Fatigue Syndrome * may be an infection-triggered autoimmune disease , at least in a subset of patients studied .
Samples from a large cohort ( n=268 ) in Berlin and a smaller sample of patients treated with Rituximab ( n=25 ) were measured against controls ( n=168 ) . Researchers found that antibodies against a neurotransmitter receptor were elevated in 29.5 % of patients . Specifically , antibodies to ß2 adrenergic and M3 and M4 muscarinic cholinergic receptors , which are both G protein-coupled receptors ( GCPRs ) .
Serum IgG against GCPRs were measured using an ELISA test .
In patients receiving Rituximab , those who were responders had significantly lower levels of ß2 and M4 autoantibodies after treatment . The authors suggest that these autoantibodies could be biomarkers to those CFS patients most likely to respond to Rituximab treatment .
This work extends previous research by Fluge , et al . which showed that 60 % of CFS patients in their study achieved partial or full remission on Rituximab , which depletes CD20+ B cells , a component of the immune system . There are many different types of B cells . That it took five months for patients to see effects suggested to these researchers that it was n't directly the depletion of B cells causing the clinical effect , but rather the wiping out of memory B cells and the autoantibodies they were presumed to be creating against some unidentified target . With this new paper , Loebel , et al . believe they may have found that target .
Recent studies have found autoantibodies to ß1 and ß2 adrenergic receptors in Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia ( POTS ) . ß adrenergic and muscarinic autoantibodies have been described in other autoimmune and neurological diseases . In addition to POTS , ß adrenergic autoantibodies have been found in orthostatic hypotension , dialated cardiomyopathy and Chagas disease , Muscarinic autoantibodies have been found in Myasthenia gravis , Sjorgen 's and schizophrenia . Both have been found in Graves ' disease .
The authors note that their finding of autoantibodies to ß2 , M3 , and M4 receptors does not exclude that additional autoantibodies not included in this study could also be at play .
* The term Chronic Fatigue Syndrome is used here as that is the term the study 's authors use . Patients were selected using the Canadian Consensus Criteria .
You funded for our new album AND our music video `` The Way Home '' ! This is just incredible . In fact , we only have one major stretch goal left - funding the summer tour for the album !
In return for reaching this goal , we will make a on-the-road documentary that we 'll ONLY share with the people who have backed this campaign . As a backer , you get to see behind-the-scenes footage of what it 's like to tour as a small band . But we 've only got a few hours left to make it happen !
Plus , we will NAME THE ENTIRE TOUR after the next person who pledges over $ 500 . Your name goes up as `` The _______ Tour '' on all Odd Owl 's flyers and posters that we use to promote the tour , as well as e-mail , social media and website posts , or anything else that mentions the name of this summer tour . This can only go to one person !
As many of you know , Odd Owl started in 2010 as a songwriting project between Carmen and Phil . We 've been able to accomplish a lot in the past three years : we 've written two albums together , It 's The World I Love and Fly By Night , toured up and down the west coast numerous times , and had the opportunity to play with some amazing artists . Last year , we had the good fortune to add two really talented musicians to our fold : drummer Adam Wadenius and bassist/songwriter Stephen Munoz . Inspired by each other 's musical talents and creative abilities , we 've been able to create a musical chemistry that is truly special .
SO WHAT DOES ODD OWL SOUND LIKE NOW ?
Those who know us , know our songs make you want to dance , but unlike groove-based indie electronic music , we create a groove with instruments instead of samples , creating overlapping melodies and syncopated rhythms that draw from 60s psychedelic pop to funk to south african township jive . Above it , Carmen 's upfront female vocals mix an unaffected quality similar to Rita Lee with soulful stylings influenced by greats such as Bill Withers and Paul McCartney . Here 's what some others have said of us :
“ Odd Owl 's brand of indie pop is centered around Carmen Caruso 's pristine female-fronting and cushioned by keyboard coos , funk hooks and buoyant drumming. ” Justine Fields , SF Deli
“ With inspiration from artists : Sufjan Stevens , Os Mutantes and LCD Soundsystem , Odd Owl is able to produce some incredible new era indie music . Amazing female vocals along with chilling , rhythmic instrumentals shows off this band 's unlimited musical potential . '' Br00d , Neighbors Hate Us
In the last year , we 've adventured down new musical pathways . As the third songwriter in the group , Steve has brought a melodic sensibility to our music that is uncommon to find these days for a bassist . Steve and Carmen have pushed the vocal boundaries of the group , creating complex harmonies that have yet to be featured on an Odd Owl album . As a drummer , Adam 's fondness for dissecting micro-rhythms to create subtle changes in the beat has given a new life to old material . In the process of growing , reshaping , listening , and creating with each other , we 've completely restructured our entire repertoire , and we 've also been able to add three new songs to the mix too . The problem is , without any recordings , we have n't been able to promote our new sound . Until now .
THE PROJECT
This year , we want to capture our live sound as a foursome in an awesome EP for the FIRST TIME EVER . Yes , we 're really excited about it . You would be too if you could hear us ... but that 's kind of the point right ? First , this album will take two old favorites that have been redone by the group , `` Radioheart '' and `` The Way Home '' ( featuring Steve on ukulele ! ) . We also plan to record three new songs , which we 're very proud of and see as a real step up in our songwriting . On top of all this comes the deadline . We 're planning a late summer tour and want this album to be done by then so we can promote it during our tour .
What is an EP you might ask ? EP means `` extended play '' as opposed to a full-length album or LP which means `` long play '' . An EP is about half the length of a regular album , or about 25 minutes .
* ( This Is Where You Come In )
We 're no strangers to DIY projects . Our two previous EPs were recorded in Carmen 's basement with a drum track and a microphone . Our practice space has been lovingly soundproofed with free carpet padding . We tour in our own vehicle pulling a trailer to save money . We 've learned how to press our own t-shirts and posters , solder our own cables , change out amp tubes , you name it . However , there are some projects that just ca n't be done right without a little bit of funding . * It 's time for us to step up to the next level and in order to do that , we need to make a world-class recording . And making a world-class recording does n't come cheap .
WHAT IT COSTS
We 're using our talents and other 's support wisely where we can to save you money . Our rehearsal space/recording studio , Light Rail Studios , has generously given us one free day of recording which we plan to use on April 7th ( thanks guys ! ) . Carmen , our techie owl who has produced Odd Owl 's last two albums , will be handling the editing and mixing . Carmen 's been working with sound for 11 years and has a Master 's in Electro-Acoustic Music , and yes , she 's got a really nice pair of JBL speakers to mix with , too . But we still need help to pay for one more day of recording , professional mastering , album cover artwork by Trillian Spencer ( amazingly talented Pacific NW College of Art illustration grad , check out the many examples of their artwork for the band below ) , additional musicians , and eco-friendly CD replication through Oasis Disc Manufacturing . All that comes to $ 8,500 . And we either raise that much in 30 days on Kickstarter or we get nothing !
And Now For The Good Part ... WHAT YOU GET
For pledging during this campaign , you 're taking an active role in helping this project succeed , and in return we want you to feel like you 've received something special . So we 've been hard at work coming up with truly awesome items for you , from a fancy Halloween party to a brand-new copy of the EP . Plus , ALL PHYSICAL COPIES OF OUR DISCOGRAPHY COME SIGNED . Even though digital music has taken over in this day and age , it still does n't hold up to having a signed copy of your favorite Odd Owl album . We want to give you something that you 're not going to find anywhere else in our merchandise or will never find again after this campaign . Here are some of the rewards we 're offering :
Limited Edition Space Quail T-Shirts in Mens and Womens ' Sizes that will only be MADE BY THE BAND for people who pledge ( ! ) . We 're also going to have a second color choice voted on by backers for this shirt :
Limited Space Quail Tee ( art by Trillian Spencer )
Buttons ! ( which are also made by the band )
Odd Owl Button Set ( top ) , Owl Balloon Button Set ( bottom )
A SIGNED , handprinted drumhead just like the one we made for Adam 's kit ( printed personally by Carmen herself ) :
Owl Lady Drumhead ( art by Trillian Spencer )
A very limited , hand-printed 4-color silkscreen poster of our show with the Good Hurt in Seattle and original Owl Lady poster from very first tour ( will not be reprinted ) :
Psychic Lady Poster and Owl Lady Poster ( comes in red/teal , blue/teal , red/green , and blue/green )
Original Tees ( Triangle Owl Tees will NOT be reprinted so get them while they last ! )
Clockwise , from top left : triangle owl in yellow , triangle owl in charcoal , spectacled owl tee in sea foam , spectacled owl tee in chocolate ( Photo Credit : Erik Anderson )
Plus music lessons , guest tickets for life , merchandise for life ( includes t-shirts ! ) , a SF day trip w/gourmet picnic lunch , a cover song recorded and produced exclusively for you , and some really cool house parties that you 'll not soon forget !
This could be your living room ... ( Photo Credit : Erik Anderson )
For a better idea of what 's being offered in each pledge you can check our chart here :
We may not have a fancy record label , but we do have an incredible support network of family , friends and fans . It 's been a true blessing to be a part of your lives and do what we do . Thank you all for your encouragement over the years and let 's create something special together !
When I was in high school back in the 1980s the original `` political correctness '' and the `` political incorrectness '' backlash appeared to arrive nearly simultaneously . We had language policing ( in a way that seems tame compared to what 's going on now ) , and in defiance , the likes of Andrew Dice Clay .
Bookstores openly carried collections of `` politically incorrect '' joke books about various ethnicities and cultural subgroups that were both terribly popular and based on offensive stereotypes . I remember reading one joke from a book a student had brought with them to class about Mexicans , only to be told by a fellow student ( who was Mexican ) that it was terribly racist . That was the end of my adventures with those books , but they persisted for a while as an open show of opposition to the leftist academic push for more cultural sensitivity .
It 's worth reminding that what 's going on culturally right now with politically correct language police is hardly new , nor is a defensive embrace of the deliberately offensive . Today there 's an outrage story about an offensive ( to some ) book , but it has some new millennium twists .
I have no idea how many people would have heard of Bad Little Children 's Books before it became the focus of the latest outrage . The `` book '' is a series of parodies of children 's book covers . They 're deliberately designed to be offensive . According to the publisher , Abrams , and the book 's author , under the pen name of the fictitious Arthur C. Gackley , the offensive covers were designed to mock `` biases , stereotypes , and intolerance through the prism of questionable taste and dark humor . ''
We can guess what happened when social media got their hands on it . Individual book covers were shared separately from the totality of the book , and whatever `` goal '' the author might have intended with the parodies was lost .
But without defending the outrage-o-holics , it is really , really , really , really easy to misconstrue this `` satire '' as Clay-style `` politically incorrect '' jokes . Here 's the parody cover that probably drew the most outrage :
It would not be so terribly unreasonable to look at that parody cover and assume that its creator was actually intending for the joke to pander in anti-Muslim stereotypes , not to mock them .
Abrams initially defended the book , but the author has decided to ask them to stop publishing the book . Abrams agreed .
In another time , this book would have simply wallowed and died in the highly oversaturated novelty market , all those little highly disposable `` humor '' books sold on the cheap . Frankly , it 's surprising that this Bad Little Children 's Book is a book at all and not just a Tumblr account .
But now is the time for being loudly , publicly angry at things that are stupid and so we have a `` It 's Not Funny . It 's Racist , '' from Kelly Jensen at BookRiot . That headline itself sounds like the punchline of a knock-knock joke designed to mock the politically correct crowd . Despite saying at the top that they find `` dark humor to be something wildly enjoyable , '' their snarky responses to each cover illuminating their distaste ( `` Parental alcohol abuse is , indeed , a barrel of laughs . Especially for children impacted by it . '' ) suggests that , no , they do n't find dark humor enjoyable at all .
Mind you , I do n't find any of the covers funny either and agree with Jensen that this crap brings nothing new to the table , but I am not going to even feign clutching my pearls at the idea of finding humor in alcoholic mommies ( and my mother was an actual addict ) . Once we veer into the ethnically insensitive stuff is when the outrage boils over :
It 'd be easy for certain sectors of our culture to say that we 're too concerned about being PC ; that humor like this is meant to be a satire on how wound up we all are about being correct and kind toward people . The reality is we 've never been that culture and we 'll never be that culture — certainly , we 'll never be that culture with a xenophobic , racist , misogynist talking Cheeto in the White House who wants to begin a Muslim registry and who has incited violence , hatred , and bigotry to spread unabashedly throughout the USA . What looks like `` humor '' here is the reality of how a big swath of our society views humans who are not white and/or are Muslim and/or are in any other way `` Other '' from the white , privileged , cis-het , penis-bearing norm . This `` humor '' adds to the misinformation , adds to the hatred , and ultimately , makes living in this society more frustrating , difficult , and dangerous for so many . And this `` humor '' is the kind of garbage that needs to be eliminated at all levels , particularly in publishing .
So by talking about the book in these terms , Jensen is ironically enough , putting out a battle-cry to draw the attention to Donald Trump 's supporters and voters to defend the book , even though the book 's own creator says the point of it was to mock those people .
There is a great discussion possible here about how hard it is to use visual language for satire or parody purposes in a heavily fragmented , digitized society where imagery gets taken apart distributed piecemeal , misrepresented ( sometimes deliberately ) , and appropriated in different ways .
But we ca n't have a discussion like that when everybody is stuck in culture war signaling . Them demand that publishing bow to their views of what sort of humor should be in the world is particularly absurd . Right now just typing `` politically incorrect jokes '' at Amazon lands me eight pages of matches . And that 's traditional publishing . With social media and self-publishing , everybody 's a parodist .
Cultural outrage often encourages defensiveness , not analysis . Certainly the way Jensen has decided to describe American culture is absolutely not for the purposes of creating discussion or debate . The ultimate irony here is that they are helping create the audience for a type of work that they loathe . And ultimately she 's likely to see more of it from people who are doing it just to spite them and people like them
Although wildly different in terms of size and product portfolio – Intel , AMD and Microsoft are all suffering from the same kind of illness . The world plus dog turned left , toward a future of smartphones , tablets and low-cost-lightweight thinking , while the traditional leaders stayed on the path toward the hugely powerful . In a fast changing world , could AMD partner up with Samsung to mount a serious effort to get back on the right [ Er , left ? ] path ?
Market sources tell us that a key reason for the slow roll through to full mass production for the 7950/70 products , was that the wafer slots had previously been bought up by nVidia and qualcomm . There were wafers available because , rolling back 12-24 months , AMD 's now departed senior management team members did n't think the chip-challenger had to rely so much on TSMC in the future .
If 2012 is as slow as some analysts are predicting , then the time could be right for all of the non-FAB companies out there to re-evaluate their options , ready for the expected boom in sales that 2013/14 will bring .
Earlier today , KitGuru reported on an up-coming Forbes article on how AMD missed the chance to land Fusion APUs inside the Apple Macbook Air , because Global Foundries was not able to get the Llano processors out the door in time .
If you consider that KitGuru managed to get hands-on with a Llano processor way back in mid-2010 , you have to wonder why the company was not ready to switch on mass production by 2011 , unless there were production issues .
Enter Samsung .
Backed by the undying support of an entire nation of 50 million people , Samsung manages to span a huge number of markets with its distinctive brand . It pioneers design and manufacturing on products as diverse as memory , flat panels , storage devices and the processes used in production itself . It managed to spend as much time partnering with Apple as it does fight tooth and nail with the Jobs ' legacy in court .
Ramping up on the smartphone side of things , while at the same time launching its own quad core processors on 32nm process , Samsung has everything that AMD would need in a production partner – including millions and millions of Samsung branded technology devices each year , each of which could benefit from Fusion/APU technology .
It 's worth noting that while Samsung 's knobbling together of four Cortex A9 cores at 1.5GHz with a proprietary graphics solution that , for now , only offers four pixel processors that munch 57 million triangles a second – the future could be a lot more competitive . Plus Samsung has a major customer , in itself .
AMD made a big noise about launching the world 's first 28nm graphics card , but Samsung already has a fully functional 28nm production process – while AMD scrambles to get what it can from a horribly constricted TSMC .
Samsung was able to do so well in the competitive netbook market because it not only sold you a netbook , it also sold you the hard drive , screen and memory etc inside .
KitGuru says : Once you start to extrapolate in this area , you quickly end up with ‘ AMD moves production to Samsung ' , followed by ‘ Samsung buys interest in AMD ' and eventually you land on ‘ Samsung buys AMD ' . Moving down that line , you end up stretching the possible – but does the logic actually reach breaking point ? Microsoft wants to beat Apple . Samsung wants to beat Apple . Neither has the patent stack that AMD 's sitting on .
Comments below or in the KitGuru forum .
When it comes to how Americans view the impact of immigration on U.S. society and life , there 's a big partisan gap – a gap once again reflected in the nation 's politics , particularly in the Republican presidential campaign .
Nearly 59 million immigrants have come to the U.S. since Congress passed the nation 's 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act , which reshaped the face of America . Three-quarters of immigrants in this current wave come from Latin America and Asia . Today , there are 45 million immigrants in the U.S. who make up a near-record 14 % of the U.S. population , including an estimated 11.3 unauthorized immigrants .
Overall , Americans have mixed views about the impact immigrants have had on American society , with 45 % saying they are making society better in the long run and 37 % saying they are making it worse , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March and April .
But the partisan divide on this question is more pronounced . About half of Republicans ( 53 % ) say immigrants coming to the U.S. make society worse in the long run , compared with just 24 % of Democrats .
On specific issues , the survey also found :
Crime : Among Republicans , 71 % say immigrants in the U.S. are making crime worse , compared with just 34 % of Democrats , according to the newly released survey . Meanwhile , Republicans are just half as likely as Democrats ( 24 % vs. 55 % ) to say immigrants are not having much effect on crime .
Among Republicans , 71 % say immigrants in the U.S. are making crime worse , compared with just 34 % of Democrats , according to the newly released survey . Meanwhile , Republicans are just half as likely as Democrats ( 24 % vs. 55 % ) to say immigrants are not having much effect on crime . Economy : There are similar partisan differences in opinions about the impact immigrants are having on the economy – 71 % of Republicans say immigrants are making the economy worse , compared with 34 % of Democrats who say the same . Looked at another way , Republicans are far less likely than Democrats ( 12 % vs. 38 % ) to say immigrants are making the economy better . ( A sizable share of Democrats , 24 % , say immigrants are not having much of an effect on the economy . )
There are similar partisan differences in opinions about the impact immigrants are having on the economy – 71 % of Republicans say immigrants are making the economy worse , compared with 34 % of Democrats who say the same . Looked at another way , Republicans are far less likely than Democrats ( 12 % vs. 38 % ) to say immigrants are making the economy better . ( A sizable share of Democrats , 24 % , say immigrants are not having much of an effect on the economy . ) Becoming part of society : The view that immigrants generally do n't want to assimilate is particularly widespread among Republicans ; 81 % say immigrants in our country today generally want to hold on to the customs and way of life of their home country , compared with 66 % of independents and 55 % of Democrats who say the same . Some three-quarters of Republicans ( 74 % ) say immigrants do not learn English in a reasonable amount of time , compared with 45 % of Democrats .
The view that immigrants generally do n't want to assimilate is particularly widespread among Republicans ; 81 % say immigrants in our country today generally want to hold on to the customs and way of life of their home country , compared with 66 % of independents and 55 % of Democrats who say the same . Some three-quarters of Republicans ( 74 % ) say immigrants do not learn English in a reasonable amount of time , compared with 45 % of Democrats . Views of immigrants by region of origin : Americans on both sides of the partisan line have mostly positive or neutral views of Asian and European immigrants . But when it comes to those from Latin America , 58 % of Republicans say these immigrants have had a mostly negative impact on society , compared with 23 % of Democrats . There is a similar divide on views of Middle Eastern immigrants , with Republicans more than twice as likely as Democrats to view them negatively .
Americans on both sides of the partisan line have mostly positive or neutral views of Asian and European immigrants . But when it comes to those from Latin America , 58 % of Republicans say these immigrants have had a mostly negative impact on society , compared with 23 % of Democrats . There is a similar divide on views of Middle Eastern immigrants , with Republicans more than twice as likely as Democrats to view them negatively . How much immigration : Views also differ along partisan lines on how many immigrants should be allowed to enter the U.S . Two-thirds ( 67 % ) of Republicans say immigration to the U.S. should be decreased , compared with one-third ( 33 % ) of Democrats . Among Republicans , just 7 % say immigration should be increased , compared with 20 % of Democrats . Democrats are much more likely than Republicans ( 43 % vs. 25 % ) to say immigration should be kept at present levels . Overall , about half of Americans ( 49 % ) say immigration should be decreased . ( A Pew Research survey conducted in May found 31 % of Americans said that legal immigration should be decreased , though partisan differences remained similar to our March-April poll . )
Despite these divides , Republicans and Democrats do agree on this point : The U.S. immigration system is broken . Strong majorities of Republicans ( 89 % ) and Democrats ( 79 % ) say the immigration system needs major changes or needs to be completely rebuilt . Just 10 % of Republicans and 20 % of Democrats say the system works well and only needs minor changes .
Topics : Immigration Attitudes , Immigration Trends , U.S . Political Parties , Immigration
The messages from Donald Trump 's White House continue to disturb , as White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer refused to say that Trump views Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad as a `` war criminal , '' even when they were given two opportunities to do so .
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer vividly illustrated the Trump administration 's confused messaging over Russia and Syria when , moments after declaring Russia an “ ally ” of the United States , they twice refused to say that Donald Trump views Bashar al-Assad as a “ war criminal . ”
When the question was put to Spicer at the daily press briefing , they skirted the issue — upon which Trump 's entire rationale for the Syria strike is predicated — and when asked again , Spicer indicated that that is not a judgment for Trump to make :
Spicer wo n't say Trump thinks Assad is a war criminal , does call them “ Bassa-Ashar ” pic.twitter.com/PK2WYQNeJB — Tommy Christopher ( @ tommyxtopher ) April 10 , 2017
REPORTER : Does the president consider Assad a war criminal and do they believe Assad should eventually appear before the ICC ? SPICER : I think right now the focus is two-fold . One is defeating ISIS and the second is creating a political environment necessary for the Syrian people to have a new leadership there . I do n't think that there 's — I ca n't imagine a stable and peaceful Syria where Bassa al Ashar ( sic ) is in power . I think we all recognize that that happens and there can be a multi-pronged approach , where you 're ensuring that ISIS is contained and there 's a deescalation of the proliferation of chemical weapons , at the same time creating the environment for a change in leadership . REPORTER : Does the president believe Assad has committed war crimes ? SPICER : I do n't — I think that there is a court that decides those things , and obviously there 's a reason , that — while I clearly — the actions , when you take an action against the people that they have , and I think we feel unbelievably confident in the intelligence that we have , but again , that would be something for a court to decide .
The moment was reminiscent of now-Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 's confirmation hearing , at which Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-FL ) roasted Tillerson for refusing to call Putin a war criminal .
As for Assad , Trump 's own UN ambassador has called them a war criminal , as has Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-SC ) , among others . Trump , apparently , is not quite there yet .
The Rays have designated infielder Ryan Roberts for assignment , according to Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times ( on Twitter ) . The move will clear a 40-man roster spot for Alex Cobb to be reinstated from the 60-day disabled list .
Roberts , who turns 33 next month , hit .247/.295/.377 with five homers in 173 plate appearances for the Rays this season . They were used primarily at second base for the Rays this season , but they do carry more than 1700 innings of Major League experience at the hot corner as well . Roberts hit .305/.345/.500 against left-handed pitching but floundered against right-handers , hitting just .188/.244/.50 . He 's typically handled lefties much better throughout their big league career , which spans parts of eight big league seasons with the Blue Jays , Rangers , D-Backs and Rays .
At the end of the conflict up to 1,500 foreign mujahedeen were granted Bosnian citizenship , and although the country 's government later revoked as many as 600 of these passports under international pressure , it is not clear how many deportations were ever enforced .
Radical Islam was virtually unknown in Bosnia until the bloody ethnic wars of the 1990s , when a US-backed operation enabled foreign fighters and shipments of arms to pour into the country from Turkey , Iran , and Saudi Arabia .
On December 9 a masked assailant reportedly ambushed the cleric , hitting them with a blunt instrument before stabbing them three times in the chest and shoulder while shouting : `` Now I will slaughter you . '' Beganovic 's car was previously firebombed , and their family has received multiple death threats .
Extremists repeatedly targeted Selvedin Beganovic , an imam in the small village of Trnovi in north-west Bosnia , after they wrote an open letter stating their opposition to the recruitment of young Muslim men to fight in Syria and Iraq . The cleric has also angered religious hardliners by saying that Muslim jihad should `` focus on opening new jobs , not going to frontlines abroad '' and warning that the Islamic State is spreading a `` perverted form of Islam . ''
Islamic fundamentalists have attacked a Bosnian Muslim preacher who used their pulpit to rally against extremism three times in recent weeks , fueling concerns that a Gulf-financed Wahhabi movement active in the troubled country could be gaining ground .
Read more
Islamic fundamentalists have attacked a Bosnian Muslim preacher who used their pulpit to rally against extremism three times in recent weeks , fueling concerns that a Gulf-financed Wahhabi movement active in the troubled country could be gaining ground .
Extremists repeatedly targeted Selvedin Beganovic , an imam in the small village of Trnovi in north-west Bosnia , after they wrote an open letter stating their opposition to the recruitment of young Muslim men to fight in Syria and Iraq . The cleric has also angered religious hardliners by saying that Muslim jihad should `` focus on opening new jobs , not going to frontlines abroad '' and warning that the Islamic State is spreading a `` perverted form of Islam . ''
On December 9 a masked assailant reportedly ambushed the cleric , hitting them with a blunt instrument before stabbing them three times in the chest and shoulder while shouting : `` Now I will slaughter you . '' Beganovic 's car was previously firebombed , and their family has received multiple death threats .
Radical Islam was virtually unknown in Bosnia until the bloody ethnic wars of the 1990s , when a US-backed operation enabled foreign fighters and shipments of arms to pour into the country from Turkey , Iran , and Saudi Arabia .
At the end of the conflict up to 1,500 foreign mujahedeen were granted Bosnian citizenship , and although the country 's government later revoked as many as 600 of these passports under international pressure , it is not clear how many deportations were ever enforced .
One of the most troubled countries in Europe , Bosnia is in many respects a fertile ground for cultivating radicals . Unemployment stands at a staggering 43 percent and while the Dayton Agreement — a peace deal signed in 1995 — signaled a final end to years of bitter fighting , it also established the convoluted political framework that has served to maintain ethnic divisions in the country to this day .
In the two decades since the war ended , foreign preachers — mainly from Saudi Arabia — have continued to arrive in the predominantly Sunni Muslim country to preach extremist Islam . Gulf investors have pumped millions of dollars into building mosques and madrassas in Bosnia , Kosovo , Albania and other western Balkan countries .
`` Financing for these projects in Bosnia is coming from the Saudis and Kuwait — it 's no secret , '' Anes Alic , a Sarajevo-based political analyst and expert on Wahhabism , told VICE News . `` They are trying to spread radical Islam to Bosnia and to create a radical community to oppose the moderates .
According to the Bosnian police , in the last three years up to 180 Bosnian citizens , including women and children , have traveled to Syria — presumably to join radical groups such as al Qaeda and the Islamic State fighting in the region .
Bosnian authorities have taken strong steps to crack down on the extremists . In September , Bilal Bosnic , an Islamic State supporter and the leader of the country 's Wahhabi movement , was arrested with 17 of their followers . The extremist leader is now awaiting trial for `` financing terrorist activities and recruiting and fighting abroad '' — a crime punishable by ten years in jail in Bosnia under a new law introduced in April .
But Alic warns that a strong diaspora means the threat is not contained to Bosnia borders . Tens of thousands of Muslims fled the fighting in the country during the 1990s for other parts of Europe , mainly Austria and Germany . Meanwhile pressure from the Bosnian authorities is now forcing many radicals to base their operations in the West .
In a painstaking investigation into the country 's radical Islamist movement , Alic shows a financial paper trail that links Saudi-connected Bosnian and Serbian clerics based in Vienna , Austria , to a 2007 bid to destabilize Bosnia through a wave of mosque seizures .
This same group of radicals is also attempting to recruit jihadi fighters from Western countries , Alic says . `` Most of the 'Bosnians ' now in Syria and Iraq were not living in Bosnia before they went to fight ... Most of them are young and have strong connections with the West , '' they tell VICE News .
In a recent case , two young girls born to Bosnian refugees in Austria — 16-year-old Samra Kesinovic and 15-year-old Sabina Selimovic — joined the Islamic State and married fighters in Syria after allegedly being radicalized by Mirsad Omerovic , also known as Ebu Tejma .
Omerovic , a Serbian-born self-proclaimed imam living in Vienna , has since reportedly been arrested by the Austrian authorities . However neither of the teenagers have returned .
`` It 's a psychological question , '' says Alic . `` Many of them have n't experienced the war here at all , it was twenty years ago , the problem is they ca n't fit into the western world . ''
So far the radicalization movement in Bosnia has met with only limited success . According to a 2013 survey by the European Parliament there are only 3,000 Wahhabi followers out of Bosnia 's 1.4 million Muslims , with most living in rural areas in the north-west . However a recent Pew Research Center survey found many more were sympathetic to a fundamentalist interpretation of Islam , with 15 percent supporting the introduction of sharia law in the country .
Alic warns that recent geopolitical events could play into the hands of radicals . `` In general nobody likes them ( Wahhabis ) here but when certain events happen , for example if Israel attacks Palestine , people start to like them , '' they told VICE News .
After suffering seven attacks inside a year , the imam Beganovic has decided to retreat from what is becoming an increasingly politicized issue . `` I am withdrawing from all debates on social networks , '' the cleric told local media outlet Balkan Insight recently . `` I simply have no strength to debate and explain myself to anyone anymore . ''
Follow Harriet Salem on Twitter : @ HarrietSalem
Many of your contemporaries are still performing .
It kind of reminds me of the '90s : Chris [ Rock ] is back out there , I see Jerry [ Seinfeld ] around , I hear Jon Stewart is around again . All these people who are great comics that stopped doing stand-up . It 's fun to see everybody back . It 's a good time for comedy in that respect . But the whole Trump thing makes it harder for comedians .
How so ?
He 's so skewed , it 's hard to find an angle that sounds fresh . If you talk about him , it 's almost like you 're part of the chorus and not a soloist .
How do you view the dynamic between comedy and bringing truth to power ?
I think it 's interesting that people perceive us as having a sanctuary . Because I do n't . In fact , I think we 're almost disproportionately taken to task over what we say .
“ Chappelle 's Show ” brought you a level of ubiquity few comedians ever achieve .
A lot of times when you 're a famous dude , you do n't really feel like a person is actually looking at you . They 're looking at the phenomenon that you 've become . Every once in a while , a person will engage with you , and you 'll be like , O.K. , this person actually sees me . But I did n't want the headache or the scrutiny . It was too much for me at that point . I felt like after I quit my show , the crowds could actually see me . The audience recalibrated with me . They listened to me again . And it was great . I started playing clubs again just because I enjoyed it . It was reaffirming a love for [ stand-up ] . It was important for me to do that . I needed that . I loved it . In the last few years , I 've found an altitude I 'm comfortable with .
You famously parodied Prince on your TV show . How did you react when you learned of their passing ?
It 's a hard thing to talk about . I looked up to them like everybody did . I did n't know them that well , but the times that we hung out were fun and very memorable and often funny . They were very generous with their advice , and they were very generous with their access . They let me see some of their process . They fostered a community among artists . They used to have these parties where we would go over to their house , and there would be all these musicians that I admired , and they 'd just do these jam sessions in the basement . Everybody at the party was playing something . I think when they died there was the icon dying , but then there was this pillar in the community of people dying .
Take me through hosting “ Saturday Night Live ” last November in the immediate wake of the election .
At a certain point [ on election night ] , we were all in the writers ' room , and as the night went on , and Trump was picking up these Electoral [ College ] votes , everyone stopped writing . And then everyone was just staring at the TV . I saw people tear up sketches they were writing . They 'd assumed Hillary was going to win . Now there was essentially no show on Saturday . It was like the wind got knocked out of the writers ' room . I was really worried .
Nathan Buckley heads into the defining season of their coaching career calm and relaxed
LATE last season , Collingwood coach Nathan Buckley predicted their team would need to make the finals in 2017 for them to keep their job .
Granted , they were responding to a question during a standard radio interview , but one of the game 's more open and honest coaches knew what they were doing . And , they also had to know they had just fuelled what remains one of footy 's hottest topics .
Three seasons out of the finals and a gradual slide down the ladder in their five years in charge ( the Pies finished fourth and reached a preliminary final in their first year , 2012 ) has led to this point : it 's now or never for faith in Buckley 's football program to be restored .
Buckley says he 's relaxed about the season ahead and they appear to be , too .
Their complexion – which club insiders notice changing when stress hits – is clear . It helps that the team 's pre-season form has been reasonable .
However , Buckley knows they must continue to change and improve for Collingwood to emerge from the dip in its fortunes .
Buckley is well aware of their shortcomings and recognises they need to evolve to capitalise on their best characteristics .
It 's well known Buckley is demanding on himself ; they were raised to believe in the ethos that the best chance of success comes through hard work .
Hard work , combined with their fierce competitiveness , shaped a glittering playing career heavy on individual honours but short of the ultimate goal : a premiership .
Discipline , hard work and commitment became ingrained into their DNA , so much so that it was only 18 months ago they discontinued the ritual they developed as a player of weighing themselves – a mere eight years after their career ended .
An operation to repair the hamstring they tore off the bone while playing touch football had prompted the shift , which extended to them also finally ending the habit of timing themselves running Melbourne 's Tan Track .
Their two years as coach-in-waiting ( 2010-11 ) had been manic . When they found that pressure creeping into their family time , they reduced their `` on '' time by about 20 per cent .
Even though it felt like cheating at times , they knew it was the right approach .
Buckley shares a laugh with skipper Scott Pendlebury on photo day . Picture : AFL Photos
On the work front , however , the 'harder-you-work-the-luckier-you-get ' approach began to cause Buckley problems when they took over as senior coach , relatively inexperienced , as aspects of their man-management jarred with others in their sphere .
The frustration in the way they worked , when it existed , related more to matters that in isolation appear trivial , yet when piled up day after day , have been known to wear people down .
For example , it was n't long ago that Buckley would send evening texts to their senior players to open up a conversation about a training drill earlier that day .
Although to Buckley the communication was about inclusion , some recipients interpreted it as an intrusion into their downtime .
Vocal at a coaches ' dinner midway through last season in expressing their view that the AFLPA too tightly controls the contact hours players have at clubs , they have often demanded more when others are either openly urging or silently screaming for less .
Buckley , at times , has also found it hard to sit idly by if a presentation from an assistant did n't – in their view , at least – hit the mark .
Players would wait for Buckley to chime in , feeling the impact their intervention had on the vibe in the room .
And the empathy they displayed towards individual players eventually became a source of suspicion when hours and hours of good work could be undone with a remark following a defeat . Those moments would leave some players confused as to what really mattered to the coach : the person or the result .
Those around Buckley during that initial phase of their coaching career defend them strongly on that front , saying the coach was , if anything , guilty of giving too much time to some players without that care being reciprocated .
But they do acknowledge their battles with matching care and demand under the fierce spotlight of wins and losses .
Those most critical saw their handling of Heritier Lumumba as a good example of a coach being well-meaning but too indulging of a player .
The eventual saga underlined to them that Buckley was still learning , still working out when enough was enough and to cut a player adrift .
Although their intent was right , their actions were n't always having the impact they hoped . That hurt him .
An idealist , Buckley privately and publicly lives by impeccable values : they are respectful , inclusive , smart and down-to-earth , and in the moments their football brain turns off , they are genuinely interested in the lives of others .
You get a sense of those qualities listening to or watching Buckley in their various media appearances . In a relatively short time , they have developed a statesman-like standing when discussing on- and off-field football issues .
Anyone who encounters them away from football 's furnace – where they are interested and interesting company – leaves wanting them to succeed .
He 's also generous , organising tickets to Wimbledon for injured defender Jackson Ramsay when they travelled through Europe during last season as part of their rehabilitation .
`` He [ Buckley ] was in constant contact…the tennis tickets [ were ] a nice surprise , '' Ramsay told AFL.com.au .
It 's consistent with Buckley 's want to reward those they can see having a crack .
Buckley addresses the team during the Queen 's Birthday loss . Picture : AFL Photos
IN MANY ways , it 's not surprising these types of issues have arisen for the champion-turned-coach .
Buckley has now been at Collingwood for 22 of their 44 years , a football club person most of their adult life , apart from two seasons working in the media .
A footy mastermind , even their critics respect their knowledge of the game and what underpins it .
However their hands-on management experience was naturally limited and he 'd never coached their own team .
Add to that the challenge of coaching 14 former teammates , 12 of whom had played in the 2010 premiership , and the degree of difficulty inherent in the job was high .
Particularly when everyone 's antenna was up , searching for any sign of the Buckley they acknowledge existed until their mid-20s returning .
Perception soon became their reality .
After 2010 premiership coach Mick Malthouse had accepted , reluctantly , the need for a transition to a new generation of coaching , the club – from top to bottom – believed in the need for a change , both in culture and playing stocks .
Buckley took on the task with relish , their passion for Collingwood sometimes underestimated .
At times during the early days their zeal overflowed , resulting in them taking an interest in the decision-making minutiae of the club , in areas no coach has enough time to consider .
The Pies turned over 56 players from 2011-15 , the biggest change of any club , with everyone from the president to the captain supporting the moves .
Although a unique set of circumstances surrounded each decision , Buckley had to wear the heat , despite the fact the club had started the fire .
Collingwood 's leaders did n't stifle any hype , with CEO Gary Pert claiming in 2014 that a premiership within three years was a reasonable expectation .
Then came a sorry injury list that included key players , Ben Reid , Dane Swan and Jamie Elliott . Only three players – Scott Pendlebury , Steele Sidebottom and Jarryd Blair – have played 100 or more games for the Magpies under Buckley .
Two top-10 picks from 2013 ( Matt Scharenberg and Nathan Freeman ) have yielded just four combined games to date due to injury , with Freeman departing for St Kilda after two seasons .
A pair of trusted players , Lachlan Keeffe and Josh Thomas , missed two years for breaching the AFL anti-doping code before returning the fold this season .
A conga line of football managers ( Geoff Walsh , Rodney Eade , Neil Balme , Graeme Allan , then Walsh again ) created instability . Buckley was n't at fault , but the lack of continuity was impacting on the environment and the football program .
Returned football manager Geoff Walsh with Eddie McGuire . Picture : AFL Photos
Throw in the unexpected departure of Dayne Beams ( to the Brisbane Lions ) , as well as the impacts of free agency and expansion , and it 's easy to see reasons outside the coach 's control that made the road to transition muddy and potholed .
The generous can point to as many promising players emerging under Buckley as have gone off the grid , with Josh Smith , Jamie Elliott , Taylor Adams , Travis Varcoe , Mason Cox and Ramsay much better now than when they arrived .
The talented Sidebottom , Pendlebury and Adam Treloar have also flourished under their tutelage .
Many of those players are of similar ilk to Buckley : professional , mature and dedicated , but they also have found ways to extend the potential of Brodie Grundy , Tom Phillips , Darcy Moore and Alex Fasolo by challenging them .
One former player contacted by AFL.com.au did n't hesitate when asked their view of Buckley : `` I love him . ''
Some other departed players have expressed different views , at times publicly .
The resultant slide down the ladder has therefore hidden to some extent what Magpie insiders vehemently argue is forward movement off the field in the five years Buckley has been the club 's public face .
But the slide had to be addressed .
Buckley speaks with Brodie Grundy before a pre-season game . Picture : AFL Photos
IT WAS on an end-of-season trip to the US to visit various NFL clubs and college football teams ( New York Giants and San Francisco 49ers , and Oregon and Stanford universities ) that a light bulb shone for the coach .
Buckley had flown out of Melbourne intending to fill the void left when Leading Teams parted ways with Collingwood at season 's end . They had planned to run the 2017 leadership program himself .
The coach had even made a presentation outlining how it would operate and presented it to key decision-makers at the club .
However , during a week at the prestigious Stanford campus in Northern California , when they had full access to observe the school 's football program , something changed .
They saw how a team with 105 student athletes on its list relied on delegation , how head coach David Shaw willingly – and by necessity – empowered their assistants and , importantly , their players .
Stanford director of football operations Matt Doyle , who spent time with Buckley and West Coast coach Adam Simpson , told AFL.com.au observations of the program 's scope would have reinforced to Buckley that trust in the process of delegation was `` essential '' .
As they sat in the halls of Stanford 's state-of-the-art football department , Buckley began to shift their thinking on how Collingwood 's leadership program needed to be managed .
They were aware feedback had come from players during the 2016 review that relationships between coaches and players had at times felt forced , an obligation , rather than a source of comfort .
Buckley decided then they would pass control of the leadership program to their players .
Now , some six months later with the new-style program implemented and working well , relationships between players and coaches are more organic , the reins loosened to ensure people are n't wasting time together simply for appearances .
Strong relationships with the skipper Pendlebury and midfielders Sidebottom and Adams gave Buckley the confidence they could direct and drive a program to suit players ' needs .
On March 14 , the club announced a three-man leadership group , sparse in comparison to groups at some other clubs .
Pendlebury , who has won four of five best and fairest awards under Buckley , has shown their willingness as captain to support Buckley in the darkest times .
It was the skipper , most upset after last year 's season-derailing 80-point loss to the Sydney Swans in round one , who dragged their teammates into a room and told them the performance was unacceptable , allowing the coach to be more pragmatic in their summary .
Eight players from that round one game are no longer with the Magpies , the biggest turnover of any club from its round one team in 2016 .
But that is not the only change .
Brenton Sanderson directs Collingwood training . Picture : AFL Photos
Brenton Sanderson , a close friend of Buckley 's , joined the football staff as an assistant coach . An advocate of recognising what players can do rather than what they ca n't , the former Adelaide coach has the confidence to challenge Buckley .
Coaching mentor David Wheadon , who spent the week with Buckley at Stanford , started working with the Magpies ' assistant coaches in a part-time capacity on their return from the US , helping them find ways to get better .
And Walsh is back in the footy manager 's chair . The veteran administrator has a habit of calling a spade a shovel , so the messages – and lines of responsibility – are clear .
The changes resulted in a relatively settled off-season ( from the moment Walsh returned as football manager , at least ) . The Magpies built on the momentum gained in the final 10 rounds last season , when they matched the top teams in the contested areas of the game the coach likes to refer to as `` grunt '' .
But no one knows what will happen to the coach when the pressure returns .
For Buckley 's evolution to continue they must – especially when the stakes inevitably get higher – keep faith in others , so others have the chance to keep faith in him .
Buckley thinks results are all that will matter when the decision on their future comes .
Perhaps they are right , but if they can continue to evolve and find the lines between control and empowerment , care and demand , and fun and hard work , then the tale of their coaching career might replicate the one they wrote as a player .
They are fond of telling their players that opportunities are in front of them . They know there 's one in front of him . This season will determine whether they grab it .
Eight fires burned in San Bernardino within about 10 blocks of each other in a 19-hour period , the worst of which left a vacant house in ruins , a fire official said .
They started with a small rash of four fires reported between 5:15 and 5:45 a.m. Tuesday , June 30 . The biggest of those was a brush fire at Seventh and H streets . The other three were trash can fires in the surrounding area , said San Bernardino fire Capt . Mike Arvizo .
In the afternoon that day , three more fires were reported : in a grassy field , on a palm tree and another trash bin .
Then , at 12:26 a.m. Wednesday , July 1 , a fire at a vacant house was reported in the 1000 block of North Stoddard Avenue , Arvizo said .
When firefighters arrived , they found the house fully ablaze . It took about two hours to extinguish , the captain said .
Firefighters managed to keep the fire from spreading to nearby homes , though a window of a nearby home did shatter because of the ambient heat , they said .
Neighbors reported that transients frequented the place , though whether they caused the fire in unknown .
The house fire is being investigated as suspicious , and the cause — along with the cause of all Tuesday 's fires — is unknown .
“ We do n't know if they 're tied together , ” Arvizo said .
Fire officials asked anybody with information to call the San Bernardino City Fire Department at 909-384-5777 .
Contact the writer : psurowski @ pe.com , 951-368-9567 , follow them on Twitter at @ PeterSurowski and like them on Facebook .
“ True Blood 's ” Rutina Wesley has chosen an equally gory series for their rebound role , joining NBC 's “ Hannibal ” as a pivotal character from Thomas Harris ' “ Red Dragon ” novel in season three .
She 'll play Reba McClane , a blind woman who enters into a relationship with the psychotic Francis Dolarhyde ( Richard Armitage ) , and helps soothe their murderous urges — at least at first . Will Graham ( Hugh Dancy ) will come into contact with Dolarhyde ( aka “ The Tooth Fairy ” ) around the eighth episode of the third season .
Also joining the cast in season three is Nina Arianda , who will play Will Graham 's wife , Molly . The new episodes will also revisit the mutilated Mason Verger ( with Joe Anderson replacing Michael Pitt in the role ) and a number of other characters who had unfortunate encounters with Mads Mikkelsen 's titular killer .
Variety sister site TVLine first reported Wesley 's casting .
“ Hannibal ” will return to NBC this summer .
Seattle 's bus and rail system is growing faster than its counterpart in several major U.S. cities , with more light rail lines set to open in a few years .
Ridership for bus and rail has risen close to 60 percent since the end of 2002 , according to monthly statistics from the Federal Transit Administration . That is more than double the next closest city tracked by FTA : New York City at 24.6 percent .
The other cities tracked are Baltimore , Boston , Chicago , Los Angeles , Miami , New York , Philadelphia , San Francisco and Washington D.C . Most of these cities have older , more established transit systems , so it 's not surprising that they would be growing at a slower rate .
Seattle , by contrast , has been expanding its transit system rapidly in recent years . The region saw the opening of its first light rail line in 2009 , and a major extension north debuted in March 2016 . Further northward expansions as well as a line to the east stopping near Microsoft 's Redmond , Wash. headquarters are scheduled to be completed in 2024 .
Seattle traffic engineer Dongho Chang , tweeted about the numbers over the weekend . They noted that traffic volumes have actually declined , as population has risen , partially thanks to Seattle 's surging transit system .
Longer term view : Seattle grew 21.3 % in population since 2006 , traffic volumes decreased by 3.3 % , and transit ridership increased by 41.8 % pic.twitter.com/53b9tWfOfa — Dongho Chang ( @ dongho_chang ) December 15 , 2017
And even more rail is on the way . Voters last year approved the third light rail package for Sound Transit , also known as “ ST3 ” that would add 37 stations and 62 miles of light rail across Puget Sound by 2041 .
The stats show that while Seattle 's transit system is growing faster than others , it lags behind some of the larger legacy systems in terms of the number of people served . In the most recent month tracked , October , a combined 15.6 million people took a variety of forms of transit including , buses , light rail , commuter trains , trolley buses and more . Boston — the metro area closest in population to Seattle among those tracked , with about 500,000 more people — moved twice as many people in October using transit .
Seattle is among the most gridlocked areas in the nation when it comes to traffic . According to a study from Kirkland , Wash.-based traffic technology and data firm INRIX earlier this year , Seattleites spent 13 percent of their driving time in traffic in 2016 , amounting to 54.8 hours .
But it could be a lot worse , however , as Seattle ranked 23rd globally and 10th in the U.S. for the most jam-packed cities . L.A. topped INRIX 's list , with 104.1 hours spent in traffic .
Previous calls for bloggers have been very successful in recruiting some great communicators - Rick Lyons , Jason Sachs , Victor Yurkovsky , Mike Silva , Markus Nentwig , Gene Breniman , Stephen Friederichs , Christopher Felton , Eric Jacobsen , Fabien Le Mentec , Yossi Kreinin - to name just a few . And I believe the community has hugely benefited from their writings ; together , their articles have been read more than 1,250,000 times !
Update : first list of NEW bloggers published
Now that I am basically done with the new design of the * related sites , I would love to add bloggers to our team .
I 've already contacted in the last few days several well known personalities in the Electrical Engineering community and many of them have showed interest in giving the blogging a shot ( Michael J. Pont just posted their first article ) .
But what about you ? The student , the hobbyist , the hardworking engineer , the researcher ? Do you have a talent for sharing your knowledge ? Maybe there is a great writer in you waiting to be awakened ?
If you feel like trying the blogging experiment and sharing your knowledge with the community ( on any of the * related sites ) , please use the contact form and send me a short note telling me on which of the * related sites you would like to blog , the general topic ( s ) that you would like to write about and maybe a few words about your experience in the field .
Blogging is not very complicated . Tutorials and how-tos are usually popular , as are 'tips & tricks ' posts . Have a look at the most popular posts to get an idea of what works : DSPRelated , EmbeddedRelated , FPGARelated and Electronics-Related . But you can write what you want , as often as you want , as long as it is of interest to the electrical engineering community and as long as you refrain from excessive self-promotion . Your bio will be attached to every article you will write , which could help you attract opportunities . And if your articles end up being really good and useful to the community , I will make sure to promote your blog heavily and will do my best to keep you around .
What do you think ? Get in touch !
Entomologist names parasitoid wasp after ‘ redeemed ' character Lucius Malfoy in hope of showing not all wasps are bad
A Harry Potter fan turned entomologist has named a wasp after a redeemed villain in the series in the hope of drawing attention to the much maligned insect .
Tom Saunders named and described a New Zealand parasitoid wasp as part of their masters study at Auckland University .
The wasp , which they named Lusius malfoyi , is one of 3000 wasps endemic to New Zealand , none of which sting or cause any problems to humans .
Conservationists slam 'hateful ' survey promoting wasp killing Read more
“ The dominant narrative is wasps are bad and they sting people and they are awful , ” said Saunders .
“ But if you look at the diversity of wasps around the world you 'll find only a tiny fraction , less than 1 % are pests and problems . And the vast majority of them play a fairly critical roles in the ecosystems they live in . ”
The wasp Lusius malfoyi was named after the fictional character Lucius Malfoy , who is the father of Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter series .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jason Issacs as Lucius Malfoy in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets . Photograph : THE RONALD GRANT ARCHIVE
Throughout the series the silver-haired Malfoy is portrayed as a slimy villain , who plots against Potter and their allies and works on behalf of the Dark Lord , Voldemort .
But in the final book of the series Malfoy is somewhat redeemed when they abandon Voldemort at the Battle of Hogwarts , and later gives testimony against the Dark Lord 's supporters .
“ Lucius Malfoy is kind of redeemed , they kind of atones for their sins , ” said Saunders .
“ And I want to redeem the reputation of wasps , because at the moment people have a negative association of them , and they have bad memories from childhood of being stung . I want people to understand that only a tiny fraction of them are harmful to people and the vast majority are neutral . ”
The Lusius malfoyi is distinctive from other wasps in New Zealand because of its pale colouring , and is the only one of the Lusius genus discovered in the Australasian region , said Saunders , who is currently studying how wasps can be used to control the brown marmorated stink bug if it finds its way to New Zealand .
“ If you were going to pick an animal to represent our planet it would be an insect , ” said Saunders .
“ It 's just that most of them have n't been found or described yet . Very little is known about native waps . We do n't know what we have or where they are . But we do know these wasps play a very important role . ”
New acquisition Giles Barnes will be fast-tracked into a more prominent role , and Carlos Rivas must step up .
We are part of The Trust Project What is it ?
ORLANDO , Fla. – The party was barely underway inside of MLS ' newest stadium when Orlando City took a punch to the gut . Kaka pulled up lame eight minutes into the club 's season opener , and had to be replaced shortly thereafter .
Rather than let that faze them , the Lions responded . Not only with a quick goal , but also with a strong defensive display that might need to serve as the blueprint for how they play in the short-term .
Orlando City won the first official game in its brand new soccer-specific stadium on Sunday , beating New York City FC , 1-0 . Jason Kreis ' side prevailed through a Cyle Larin goal in the 15th minute , but also won its 2017 season opener thanks to an all-around defensive performance that was both impressive and a stark difference to the ones put forth a year ago .
“ I think in times past and even with the group that we had last year , I feel that this game would have ended up differently , ” said Kreis . “ The team spirit would have buckled and there would have been a mistake that would cost us . Tonight , the guys continued to fight and continued to stay together .
“ Even though there were mistakes happening , a lot of mistakes happening , people had positive reactions to those mistakes and made plays . A big , big night for everyone defensively , and that 's something to build on . ”
And Orlando did all that without star playmaker Kaka , who left the match after just 11 minutes with a left hamstring problem that head coach Kreis said “ could be a pretty serious injury . ”
Kaka is expected to miss six weeks , the club announced Monday , which leaves Orlando without its main attacking cog . That will force other Orlando City players to have to step up and do a bit more on the field , especially recent acquisition Giles Barnes .
Kreis turned to Barnes as Kaka 's replacement at left midfield against NYCFC , and the MLS veteran made an immediate impact by delivering the inch-perfect cross that Larin nodded home .
More of that type of play from Barnes will be needed if the Lions want to build on this win in the coming weeks . Barnes ' contributions will be especially pertinent with crafty winger Kevin Molino gone after being traded to Minnesota United this offseason .
The good news for Orlando City is that Barnes should grow in comfort with their new teammates and in Kreis ' system , given that they only joined the team via trade from the Vancouver Whitecaps last week . The Jamaican international is not the most comfortable playing on the outside , but they showed signs of being capable of handling the responsibilities on Sunday .
“ I think he 's still learning exactly what 's expected of him , of how they play in that midfield role , ” said Kreis . “ Naturally , he 's a little bit more of a second striker so if you put them in a wide position there 's a real defensive role for him . We 'll have to continue to work with them on that , but obviously to come into the game like that the way they did with zero warm-up and throw themselves in there was ( good ) . Obviously , very , very pleased that they assisted on the goal . ”
Logan Bowles-USA TODAY Sports
Barnes proved in 2016 that they are a dangerous player capable of both scoring goals and being good on the ball , but they will not be the only player who will have to perform if Kaka misses significant time . Carlos Rivas , who was partnered as a forward with Larin in a 4-4-2 formation against NYCFC , also has to be effective in the final third .
Rivas enjoyed some moments in which they stretched NYCFC 's back four and caused it problems with their speed and explosiveness . Still , they failed to put away a golden look late in the second half that would have iced the game for Orlando City . More will be expected of them going forward ..
“ Very good . Not perfect , but very , very good , ” said Kreis when asked about Rivas ' outing . “ Perfect would have been if they had scored a goal , but the work rate that they gave us and the troubles they were causing the defenders were fantastic . He 's a player that I think has done a great job in the preseason , and we 're looking for continued strong performances from him , continued improvement week by week . ”
RICHARD FARLEY 5 things Minnesota needs to do to move on from opening-night letdown
Kaka 's knock took away some of the night 's luster , but the Lions started a season with a victory for the first time since entering MLS in 2015 , and rewarded the passionate sold-out crowd of 25,527 supporters that pushed the club on in an unforgettable opener .
“ It was everything ( I expected ) plus more , ” said Barnes . “ The fans were incredible . I 'm just glad we got the result that they deserved . It 's a great start to the beginning of the season . ”
More features from FourFourTwo USA
Image : Andrew Hart/Flickr
The UK 's proposed surveillance legislation is littered with problems , according to several government reports .
After months of taking evidence from academics , activists , technologists , law enforcement and politicians , a government body tasked with assessing the draft Investigatory Powers Bill released its nearly-200 page report on Thursday . As with previous reports , two main areas of controversy centre around the collection and storage of citizens ' internet browsing histories , and the threat to robust encryption .
The Joint Committee , a group of 14 cross-party politicians from the House of Commons and House of Lords , is generally in favour of the powers the Bill would solidify , although it raised serious issues with the feasibility and scope of some aspects of the proposed legislation .
This is the third parliamentary report looking into the draft Bill : the others came from the Science and Technology Committee , and the Security and Intelligence Committee of Parliament . Throughout , the watchdogs have repeatedly highlighted two major issues .
Internet Connection Records
Perhaps the most controversial aspect of the draft Bill is that it would force internet service providers ( ISPs ) to store all customers ' browsing histories for 12 months . This data would be collected in the form of so-called Internet Connection Records , or ICRs , which are described in the legislation as `` a record of the internet services a specific device has connected to , such as a website or instant messaging service . ''
However , the definition of ICRs is so broad that tech firms have complained they do n't exactly know what they would be supposed to collect .
`` We recommend that more effort should be made to reflect not only the policy aims but also the practical realities of how the internet works on a technical level . ''
`` The Bill was intended to provide clarity to the industry , but the current draft contains very broad and ambiguous definitions of ICRs , which are confusing communications providers , '' reads the Science and Technology Committee 's report published earlier this month .
`` We recommend that the definition of Internet Connection Records should be made consistent throughout the Bill , '' the latest report from the Joint Committee adds .
Then there 's the feasibility of collecting all of this data , and keeping it secure . Matthew Hare of ISP Gigaclear is quoted in the Science and Technology Committee report as asking whether storing everyone 's browsing history `` secure and safe is always going to be the case . '' The Joint Committee adds that , `` We recommend that more effort should be made to reflect not only the policy aims but also the practical realities of how the internet works on a technical level . ''
Finally , there 's simply the cost of the ICR program . The Home Office has predicted that the whole thing will come in at £174 million over 10 years , but various ISPs have suggested the costs could go much higher than that .
Despite highlighting many of these problems , the latest report agrees that retaining browsing histories for 12 months is a good idea , and adds that perhaps law enforcement should n't be restricted to accessing data related only to communications services or illegal websites , as is originally laid out in the Bill .
Encryption
From the moment the draft Bill was announced by Home Secretary Theresa May in November 2015 , there have not been clear answers about how the law would deal with end-to-end or hard-drive encryption .
`` We agree with the intention of the Government 's policy to seek access to protected communications and data when required by a warrant , while not requiring encryption keys to be compromised or backdoors installed on to systems . ''
The draft Bill says that tech companies may be forced to remove `` electronic protection '' of data . Naturally , that has been interpreted by tech firms and civil liberty groups as a demand to strip customer 's communications or devices of encryption .
Over the last few months , the Home Office has tried to make it clear that it does not want to ban encryption , or to introduce encryption backdoors . But when May made this point in an evidence hearing in front of the Joint Select Committee , they quickly followed it up with a seemingly contradictory statement : that communication providers would still be expected to give the government access to plaintext data when required .
It appears that after weeks of hearings , and from consultations with dozens of experts , the Joint Committee is just as confused about encryption as the Home Office .
`` We agree with the intention of the Government 's policy to seek access to protected communications and data when required by a warrant , while not requiring encryption keys to be compromised or backdoors installed on to systems , '' the report reads . `` The drafting of the Bill should be amended to make this clear . ''
Following the publication of the three parliamentary committees ' reports , the Home Office will now produce a redrafted version of the Bill ( or scrap it—the 2013 Draft Communications Bill , also known as the Snooper 's Charter , was ditched after widespread criticsm ) .
`` The next stage will be for the two Houses to consider the Bill properly when it is introduced , '' Lord Murphy of Torfaen , chairperson of the Joint Committee , said in a statement . `` We hope that both Houses , and the public , find our report a useful start to the Parliamentary debate . ''
The Auckland Nines rugby league tournament has given the city 's economy a boost of more than $ 9 million .
The estimated of $ 9.35m GDP increase was well ahead of Auckland Council forecasts for $ 3.8m from this year 's inaugural tournament , which it expected to rise to $ 6.8m by year five .
The figure was made up of $ 6.1m spent by domestic visitors during the two-day tournament in February , and $ 3.24m of new money that came into the New Zealand economy from overseas . It did not include any money spent by Aucklanders .
The GDP number was lifted by larger-than-expected crowds at the league and greater tourist numbers .
The tournament , won by the North Queensland Cowboys , generated an estimated 68,360 visitor nights , more than twice the forecast of 32,877 .
And the average crowds of 45,000 a day at Eden Park ( 90,000 total ) beat forecasts by nearly 9000 a day .
As well as being well attended by Aucklanders , the event drew 16,000 other New Zealanders and more than 6000 from Australia .
It drew a maximum TV viewership of 110,000 in New Zealand and more than a million people in Australia .
The tournament is being funded by Auckland ratepayers to the tune of $ 12m over the first five years , including $ 9m for sponsorship .
Auckland Mayor Len Brown said the Nines had blown away all its first-year targets .
`` It once again illustrates the value of major events to this city and proves that with the right concept and support Auckland can develop its own events with great outcomes , '' they said .
Yahoo has a preview of the upcoming iPhone application Messenger sneak peek . Following the sale of text , you can now “ The Best of Messenger with you , wherever you are. ” Apart from any allergic reactions , you can also abuse of the color purple , how does the new application appear to keep ?
The nearly enough to see the screen of the iPhone , said the existing AIM . You start with a scrolling list of contacts , with their avatars and the rule that you can click for a video . The image with the new in both directions , similar to the iPhone SMS to talk about bubbles and used for maintenance .
Messenger integrated access to the iPhone , the camera and image library , so that the images as part of the interview . This is a bonus of several features of the program a little extra boost . Another feature allows you to SMS messages directly from the application to send to your friends Phones . It offers a free service , the text with friends , without your SMS allowance .
Another feature is the application of “ no SignOut ” Design “ . This is what you signed in the service of Yahoo , even if the phone is sleeping or leaving the employment of another application . Your status automatically is in standby mode , do not you cut your ongoing discussions . If the Apple-push notifications to a reality , your queue is relatively short term , is considered a badge of chance ‘ application is exactly the type of use of this technology was designed for . The introduction of “ special Hibernation in the version 2.2.x of the application , Yahoo has been shown that if 3.x functions go .
While the Yahoo walk through some of the iPhone “ thud. ” I doubt that many users want the iPhone in all the web addresses to their status messages of the video suggested the possible . There is a big difference between the function of an application on a simulator with a Mac keyboard and using the same function on an iPhone with a touchscreen . ( At least Yahoo knows something about the models of the iPhone , that is we do . )
Apart from that , what the video shows the next Messenger provides some solid , well designed , and purple . Messenger you can experience the same principles already using SMS , AIM , symposium and other applications , but when it provides a reliable and robust is a ready to use , installed in the public of what has already more than instant messaging messaging on the computer .
via
Getty Images
The coolest thing about science is that it never ends .
Every day , people around the world wake up and go to work discovering novel things about our world . We 're still finding new species ! That 's cool ! Even cooler ( or more ridiculous ) , however , is the fact that some of these creatures are named after famous people who had absolutely nothing to do with their discovery .
Enter Boston Bruins goaltender Tuukka Rask , who was recently told the news that a researcher in Africa has given their name to a new species of insect .
The Boston Globe 's Carolyn Y. Johnson ( h/t CBS Sports ' Chris Peters ) reports that Robert S. Copeland , an entomologist in Nairobi , Kenya , with New England roots , is using Rask 's namesake to label a wasp recently discovered in the nation 's Teita Hills .
Copeland has christened the species Thaumatodryinus tuukkaraski , writing in a to-be-published paper that the name is an ode to the Bruins goalie .
`` This species is named after the acrobatic goaltender for the Finnish National ice hockey team and the Boston Bruins , whose glove hand is as tenacious as the raptorial fore tarsus of this dryinid species , '' Copeland wrote .
It should be noted that there 's more to the process than rabid Boston fanship nakedly swaying global entomology . Johnson reports that the expedition that led to scientists finding the wasp was funded by the government of Finland—Rask 's native country .
Furthermore , the wasp is black and ... kind of yellow ? Also , it is a terrifying nightmare :
If that picture does n't do it for you , here 's Johnson 's write-up of the tuukkaraski life-cycle :
`` T. tuukkaraski is an 'ectoparasitoid , ' a type of wasp that feeds off other insects , '' Johnson writes . `` The female lays eggs on the larvae of the host bug species . When those eggs hatch , the wasp larvae cuts into the host and feeds off of it . ''
This is science-speak for , `` The wasp births baby monsters that feed on other babies . ''
Rask seems tickled to be named after such a creature . They told Johnson that he 's appreciative of the honor .
`` That 's funny . That 's pretty neat , '' Rask said . `` We 're the B 's ... it 's flattering , I guess . ''
`` Flattering '' is one word for it . After all , Rask is now immortal . Long after they slough off this mortal husk , colonies of tuukkaraski wasps and their offspring will continue to live , zipping around the sky and feasting on the embryonic baby-nectar of other insects .
At least no one will ever say they were named after a pedestrian creature .
Dan is on Twitter , praying for the baby insects .
Group Incentives
It 's important that the player has an engaging experience while investing time on flurry , We would like to reward you for that time invested , when participating with group members we reward group play by increasing the amount of xp you gain by per person in group . As long as you are 100m in range of your party , you will contribute to the overall group xp bonus , Player groups cap at a max limit of 20 , this will allow you and your friends all a chance to help boost the xp . Keep notes the more members in range the higher the xp you will receive , you can also add pets and droids to the group . If you end up out of the 100m range check you will receive the standard group bonus of 1.1 xp .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
With one week left until Congress is scheduled to adjourn for holiday recess , Senate Democrats are considering dropping a millionaire surtax designed to pay for a payroll tax break to 160 million Americans .
The 2 percent surtax on income of those making $ 1 million or more ( revised down from 3.25 percent ) , was loathed by Republicans and , according to Politico 's Jake Sherman and Manu Raju , Senate Democrats are `` seriously '' looking to replace it with a `` series of cost-cutting offsets that can win GOP backing , according to people familiar with the talks . '' The goal is to present an end-of-year payroll tax plan on their terms while casting the party as a reasonable broker .
The potential compromise would be the second development making life easier for House Speaker John Boehner , whose colleagues have been deeply skeptical of a payroll tax compromise . The first helpful development was President Obama 's Wednesday threat to veto a Republican proposal that includes a provision on the controversial Keystone XL pipeline . According to The Hill 's Russell Berman , Erik Wasson and Bernie Becker , the idea that Obama would reject the proposal has inflated support for it among rank-and-file Republicans . `` Boehner defied the president on the issue and won over many skeptics in the process , '' writes the paper . Rep. Jeff Flake of Arizona tells the paper “ The difference between this conference and the last one was palpable . I think a lot of it was the president and that threat. ” Rep. Mike Coffman of Colorado said the attitude shift was a `` stunning change ... It was a 180-degree difference . ''
Minor League Prospect Note : Clayton Blackburn , RHP , San Francisco Giants
San Francisco Giants pitching prospect Clayton Blackburn has emerged as one of the most intriguing prospects in baseball this year . You will be hearing their name more often entering 2013 , so let 's take a look .
Clayton Blackburn was a successful high school pitcher in Edmond , Oklahoma , entering the 2011 draft season . However , most teams felt they were strongly committed to baseball at the University of Oklahoma , plus the prep ranks in the Sooner state were filled to the brim with pitching last year . With everyone in on Dylan Bundy and Archie Bradley ( do n't forget Michael Fulmer , Adrian Houser , Mason Hope , and Hayden Sharp ) , Blackburn got lost in the shuffle and fell to the 16th round .
The Giants signed them easily for just $ 150,000 ; they were expected to demand a much larger bonus , but they wanted to get their career started . This looks like a huge bargain .
Blackburn was unbeatable in rookie ball , posting a 1.08 ERA with a 30/3 K/BB in 33 innings in the Arizona League , allowing just 16 hits , posting a 2.58 GO/AO . The Giants moved them directly to Low-A Augusta in the Sally League for 2012 and he 's been excellent , with a 2.54 ERA , a 143/18 K/BB ratio in 131 innings , and just 116 hits allowed . He 's given up only three homers all year , while posting a 2.32 GO/AO .
Sabermetrically , this guy is terrific . They rack up strikeouts at a strong clip , gets plenty of ground balls at the same time , and never walks anyone . Their stats are superb for anyone , let alone a 19-year-old in a full-season league .
Blackburn is a left-handed hitter and a right-handed thrower , born January 6th , 1993 , in Amarillo , Texas . They are stocky at 6-3 , 220 , and their body is physically mature : he 's unlikely to gain additional height or strength , which is part of the reason they slipped in the draft , as they lack classic projection . Scouts also worry that they may gain weight too much as they get older , and he 'll have to work hard to stay in shape .
All that said , physical projection is less important if you already throw hard , and Blackburn does , working in the low-90s with their fastball . They use a two-seamer to induce grounders , and their fastball is notable for both nasty movement and solid velocity . Unlike many pitchers their age , they also command the fastball well , and frequently this has been more than Low-A hitters can handle .
Blackburn also has a complete arsenal of secondary pitches , using a curveball , slider , and changeup . The curve is the best of the group at this point , but all should be at least major league average as they mature , and possibly more . Again , their ability to command their pitches helps them play up . Their mound presence and feel for their craft are also quite impressive , especially for their age .
Pitchers like Blackburn usually make short work of the low minors , and with their ability to collect both strikeouts and grounders , I expect he 'll handle High-A just fine in 2013 . Double-A will be a bigger challenge , and it is one they could very well meet next year . Right now I rate them as a Grade B prospect , with a shot at being a mid-rotation starter .
A man who reportedly came to Washington to kill `` all white police '' at the White House was taken into custody Monday across the street from the heavily guarded compound , the Secret Service said .
According to the Secret Service , Michael Arega , 37 , of Irving , Texas , was found about 4:05 p.m. on the north side of Pennsylvania Avenue , near Lafayette Square . They were arrested and taken to a D.C. police station . Charges `` are pending , '' the Secret Service said Monday evening .
Authorities said Tuesday that Arega did not have any weapons in their possession when they were arrested .
They are charged with a federal offense of making threats using interstate communications . Federal magistrate judge G. Michael Harvey ordered Arega held pending a detention hearing set for Nov. 13 and ordered them to undergo a mental health screening .
The Secret Service said it was notified about 2:55 p.m. to be on the lookout for Arega , and began searching for him .
The president is on a trip to Asia and is not in the White House .
A spokesperson for the Montgomery County police said they were told by Arega 's former wife that their Facebook page said they were going to Washington with the intention of killing all white police at the White House . Officer Rick Goodale , the spokesperson , said county police understood the man to be 37 .
Goodale said Facebook indicated the man was staying at a motel in Silver Spring . Police found their room there empty and notified the Secret Service , Goodale said .
Experts from security firm Sixgill have discovered a new strain of the macOS Proton RAT that is offered for sale on Russian cybercrime underground .
The Dark Web is the right place where to find any kind of illegal products and services , malware such as banking trojan and spyware are very popular in cyber criminal underground .
Recently a new remote access tool ( RAT ) specifically designed to infect macOS systems is currently being advertised on Russian cybercrime underground . The researchers at security firm Sixgill discovered the advertising on crime forums and on a custom website , this threat is also described in videos published on YouTube .
The Proton homepage went down just after the experts at Sixgill published the report .
“ Sixgill researchers have encountered a post in one of the leading , closed Russian cybercrime message boards . The author of the thread announced a RAT dubbed Proton , intended for installation exclusively on macOS devices . The author offered this product in one of the leading underground cybercrime markets. ” reads a report published by Sixgill .
The Proton RAT first appeared in the threat landscape last year , the variant recently advertised on hacking forums includes many features such as the ability to execute console commands , access the user 's webcam , log keystrokes , capture screenshots and open SSH/VNC remote connections . The malicious code is also able to inject malicious code in the user 's browser to display popups asking victims information such as credit card numbers , login credentials , and others .
“ The malware includes root-access privileges and features allowing an attacker to obtain full control of the victim 's computer . Its capabilities include : running real-time console commands and file-manager , keylogging , SSH/VNC connectivity , screenshots , webcam operation and the ability to present a custom native window requesting information such as a credit-card , driver 's license and more . The malware also boasts the capability of iCloud access , even when two-factor authentication is enabled. ” continues the report .
According to the author , macOS Proton RAT is written in native Objective-C and it is fully undetected by any existing macOS antivirus solution .
Below the list of features described in the ad :
The Proton RAT has root access and is able to elude standard macOS security features , it is also able to bypass two-factor authentication on iCloud accounts .
Researchers speculate macOS Proton RAT leverages a zero-day vulnerability in macOS , but most interesting characteristic of the threat is that the malicious code is signed with genuine Apple code-signing certificates . It is likely the author has managed to falsify registration to Apple Developer ID Program or has stolend the credentials to an Apple developer .
“ The real threat behind the software is this : The malware is shipped with genuine Apple code-signing signatures . This means the author of Proton RAT somehow got through the rigorous filtration process Apple places on macOS developers of third-party software , and obtained genuine certifications for their program . Sixgill evaluates that the malware developer has managed to falsify registration to the Apple Developer ID Program or used stolen developer credentials for the purpose. ” reads the report .
The price for the macOS Proton RAT ranged from $ 1,200 to $ 830,000 for the entire project ( an absurd price ) . Below the version advertised on the Proton websites :
Standard Edition
I ) License to control only ONE remote machine 1 ) 1 BTC — unsigned 2 ) 2 BTC — signed
II ) License to control 20 remote machines 1 ) 10 BTC — unsigned 2 ) 11 BTC — signed
III ) License to control infinite remote machines 1 ) 66 BTC — unsigned 2 ) 76 BTC — signed
Extended edition
I ) License to control infinite remote machines 1 ) 166 BTC — unsigned 2 ) 200 BTC — signed
II ) License to control infinite remote machines on your own server 1 ) 366 BTC — without source code 2 ) 666 BTC — with full source code
Researchers noticed that the authors of the malware try to disguise their spyware as legitimate surveillance software .
Pierluigi Paganini
( Security Affairs – macOS Proton RAT , malware )
Share this ...
Linkedin Reddit Pinterest
Share On
Note : You can find the source code for the bit flag logger generator on Github .
The logging system I wrote for Metric Panda Engine uses bit masks to support arbitrary composition of logging categories like so :
Log ( INFO , `` One '' ) ; // Outputs : [ INFO ] [ ] [ ] One Log ( ERROR | CATEGORY1 , `` Two '' ) ; // Outputs : [ ERROR ] [ CATEGORY1 ] [ ] Two Log ( CATEGORY1 | CAT2 , `` Three '' ) ; // Outputs : [ ] [ CATEGORY1 ] [ CAT2 ] Three
The Log macro takes a bit mask that is used to filter log messages based on a verbosity mask . The log message , in this case a simple printf , is prepended with a prefix that is generated from the bit mask .
Category labels used in the log prefix are resolved at compile time , when building in optimized mode , and the only branch is on the verbosity bit-mask .
Why bit masks
Other than the fact that , in my opinion , the API is quite comfortable , using bit masks makes pinpoint filtering much easier .
For example , in Metric Panda Engine I use three log categories , with labels along these lines :
Severity : VERBOSE , INFO , WARN , ERROR
: , , , Subsystem : AUDIO , RENDER , NET , INPUT , …
: , , , , … Subcategory : INIT , SHUTDOWN , DRAW , SAMPLE , …
When investigating a particular subsystem , it is quite easy to filter only events related to it , for example by setting the verbosity mask to RENDER|INIT messages of any severity coming from the initialization part of the rendering subsystem are shown .
Name collisions
In order to keep category labels short and easy to type , while also avoiding name collisions , the Log macro looks like this :
enum { LOG_VERBOSE = 1 < < 0 , LOG_INFO = 1 < < 1 , LOG_WARN = 1 < < 2 , } ; # define Log ( Flags , ... ) \ { \ enum { \ VERBOSE = LOG_VERBOSE , \ INFO = LOG_INFO , \ WARN = LOG_WARN , \ } ; \ ... \ }
As you can see , the short labels are “ aliases ” to longer equivalents with the LOG_ prefix . The shorter labels are confined to the scope of the macro so they do n't leak out causing collisions .
Unfortunately collisions can still occur if macros in the outer scope have the same name as the short labels , like the following example :
# define INIT ( X ) // ... Log ( INFO | RENDER | INIT , `` Setting up XYZ '' ) ; // This wo n't compile
Fortunately the collision is detected at compile time , so it can be easily fixed by changing the conflicting log label . In Metric Panda Engine I removed all external includes so I have the luxury of using concise names without fear of collisions .
Filtering log entries
Filtering is done by wrapping the actual logging function in an if statement like so :
# define Log ( Flags , ... ) \ ... \ if ( ( Flags ) & GlobalVerbosity ) { \ DoTheLogging ( ... ) ; \ } \ }
The GlobalVerbosity variable is an integer that can be set to the desired bit mask . Since the GlobalVerbosity is set outside the macro , the longer version of the log labels are used , like so :
int GlobalVerbosity ; int main ( ) { GlobalVerbosity = LOG_INFO | LOG_RENDER | LOG_INIT ; // ... }
Printing label strings
In order to print the labels I 'm using simple lookup functions that look like this :
static inline const char * LOG_PrioritiesLabel ( int Flags ) { switch ( Flags & LOG_PRIORITIES_MASK ) { case LOG_VERBOSE : return `` [ VERBOSE ] '' ; case LOG_INFO : return `` [ INFO ] '' ; case LOG_WARN : return `` [ WARN ] '' ; case LOG_ERROR : return `` [ ERROR ] '' ; case LOG_FATAL : return `` [ FATAL ] '' ; } return `` [ ] '' ; }
As I mentioned earlier , this function is trivially collapsed by the compiler since the Flags variable is known at compile time , so there is no cost to this approach .
The LOG_PRIORITIES_MASK is an integer that masks only the bits that , in this case , make up the priorities labels .
Generating the logger code
None of the code I showed is written by hand , it is all generated by the Metareflect system that I talked about in previous posts .
I extracted the relevant bits into a standalone logger generator , loggen that is up on Github .
Give it a try !
It will be a night game for UCF 's final nonconference game of the 2016 college football season when the team travels to instate rival FIU this September .
Conference USA announced the game time at 7 p.m. Saturday , Sept. 24 and the contest will air on beIN SPORTS .
The Knights fell to the Panthers in their last outing during a surprising 15-14 loss at Bright House Networks Stadium . UCF 's season opener spelled doom for a year in which the team finished 0-12 and saw former head coach George O'Leary retire before the season ended .
UCF 's last road game against FIU in 2013 resulted in a 38-0 rout against the Panthers . The series is currently tied at 2-2 .
This will be the Knights ' first televised game bein Sports .
Conference USA 's new television deal is said to be worth much less than league teams could see an 80 percent decrease in revenue , according to the Virginian Pilot .
UCF , which has campaigned to join the Big 12 , left Conference USA to accept an invitation to the Big East in 2011 . The Big East subsequently fell apart and was renamed the American Athletic Conference .
E-mail Shannon Green at sgreen @ orlandosentinel.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ osknights .
New Episode This Weekend !
Episode 40 : Trinity Dragon 's Fierce Battle Trinity Dragon infiltrates the testing facility of one of the members of Company , Sousuke Wakamizu ! ? The three of them will need to combine their abilities , to expose the evil deeds of Company !
Watch the latest episodes on official Cardfight ! ! Vanguard G YouTube Channel !
Here to Save the Day ! – An Explanation for Rescue
Author : Ronin
Black Seraph , Gavrail
The release of Cardfight ! ! Vanguard G Booster Pack Vol . 7 Glorious Bravery of Radiant Sword brought with it the new keyword ability for Angel Feather , Rescue . This ability allows the player to “ heal X damage , and deal X damage to your vanguard ” depending on the number printed beside the Rescue keyword . For example , “ Rescue 1 ” would mean that you will heal 1 damage , then deal 1 damage to your vanguard , “ Rescue 2 ” would allow you to heal 2 damage , then deal 2 damage to your vanguard , and so on and so forth .
This has sparked many questions , as the resolution of damage would usually include performing trigger checks , and if triggers are revealed , resolving trigger effects . Sometimes , there are abilities that activate when cards are put into the damage zone , such as Love Sniper , Nociel 's ability to put a “ Nociel ” to your hand from your damage zone when it is placed into the damage zone . While the resolution of damage is rather straightforward if it 's a Rescue 1 , things become a bit more complicated when we take a look at Rescue 2 . So , how does all this resolve ?
Vanguard Damage
Firstly , we will need to talk about a new concept called “ vanguard damage ” .
Vanguard damage is a value that all vanguards have that is usually at 0 . When your vanguard is dealt damage , this value goes up according to the amount of damage that was dealt to it . An attack that hits with 2 critical would cause the vanguard to have a vanguard damage of 2 .
Damage Process
When your vanguard has vanguard damage that is 1 or greater , and there are no other rule actions to resolve , you must perform the damage process for your vanguard . This is processed by reducing the vanguard damage by 1 , then placing a card from the top of the deck into the trigger zone , and performing a damage check ( all trigger effects , and only trigger effects , are resolved during this damage check ! ) .
You will then put that card into the damage zone . Then , if you still have vanguard damage , repeat this process until your vanguard damage is 0 . Do note that during this damage process , there is no check timing , so any automatic effects that activate due to this damage process will not resolve until the damage process is complete .
Putting it All Together
So let 's put this all into a live example . Say I have a vanguard Black Seraph , Gavrail , and at the end of the battle , I use its Rescue 2 ability and I place a Laser Clutcher , Ke'el from my damage zone to the drop zone . Then , during the first damage check , I reveal a Critical trigger . How would I resolve all this effects ? Can I resolve Laser Clutcher , Ke'el 's ability first , call it to the field , and then add the power from the Critical trigger to it ?
Since I sent Laser Clutcher , Ke'el from the damage zone to the drop zone , its automatic ability will activate and be put to stand-by . However , as there is no check timing during the resolution of the Rescue ability , it will remain in stand-by until the end of the Rescue ability . Then , since I revealed a Critical trigger during the damage process , I would have to resolve that first before dealing with the second vanguard damage . After I finish resolving the second vanguard damage , since my vanguard damage is now 0 , the damage process ends , and we enter a check timing . During this check timing , I would then be able to resolve Laser Clutcher , Ke'el 's ability that was put in stand-by during the damage process .
So what if we 're playing an Extreme Fight match , and I add the +5000 power from the critical trigger to my rear-guard Cosmic Hero , Grandchopper during the first damage check ? As mentioned above , there are no check timings during the resolution of Rescue , so the ability would be put to stand-by , and only resolve after Rescue has completely resolved .
We hope we 've helped to shed some light on how to properly resolve damage with the new damage process and vanguard damage systems ! If you have any queries regarding this , do n't hesitate to drop us an email at sg_support @ bushiroad.com ! Our friendly support staff would be glad to assist you~
That 's it for this week 's column ! See you next week~
Ronin The Wandering Columnist An avid card gamer who dabbles a little in every card game they can get their hands on . Considers weakness a sin . Thinks that the weak ones should just go home .
Mariah Carey performs at the Mawazine Festival in Rabat , Morocco , on May 26 , 2012 . AP
( CBS/AP ) The NFL kick-off just got a lot more glamorous .
Mariah Carey and No Doubt have been tapped as openers for the NFL 's first game of the season .
Carey and No Doubt are set to perform live from Rockefeller Plaza before the New York Giants-Dallas Cowboys game at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on Sept. 5 .
The hourlong pregame show will air at 7:30 p.m. EDT on NBC .
Carey says she 's thrilled to be performing in New York - which they called their hometown - and adds she 's looking forward to making the season launch `` even more festive . ''
No Doubt drummer and New Orleans Saints fan Adrian Young says he 's excited to take part , and noted that the band performed at Super Bowl in 2003 .
Carey recently released the single `` Triumphant ( Get 'Em ) . '' No Doubt 's new album , `` Push and Shove , '' is out Sept. 25 .
Carey will also serve as a judge on the upcoming season of `` American Idol . ''
Google already expanded its archives with thousands of natural history exhibits earlier this week , and like those , the Number 10 tour is an educational experience . Two special exhibits are featured : One offering a brief history of two 20th century PMs , Winston Churchill and Harold Wilson , while another elaborates on some of the more important rooms within the residence . Google recommends you load up the Arts and Culture app and stick your smartphone in a Cardboard viewer for the best experience , which includes audio descriptions .
Alternatively , you can simply nose around various luxuriously furnished rooms or relax in the garden by way of Street View . Unfortunately , you can only ogle a fraction of the Prime Minister 's labyrinthine abode , which boasts around 100 rooms -- we 're not getting a Cribs level of access here , in other words . Still , considering Theresa May wants to rifle though all our browsing histories , it 's nice to be invited in for a cup of tea and a jammy scone .
The fan behind the Great Laser Pointer Caper appears to have been caught , though the NFL and Detroit Lions have yet to confirm whether it 's the guy who implicated himself .
To refresh :
During last Sunday 's 17-14 win in Detroit , the Buffalo Bills filed a complaint with NFL security alleging someone shined a laser pointer from the stands at Buffalo players . Bills head coach Doug Marrone said quarterback Kyle Orton and holder Colton Schmidt informed them during the game they both had lasers shined at them .
Article continues below ...
Kicker Dan Carpenter said the laser made an appearance during a 50-yard missed field goal in the third quarter , which can be seen shining on the holder 's thigh in this video at about the 3-second mark :
The Bills then followed league protocol by informing NFL security staff . Marrone said the issue was eventually resolved before the game ended .
On Monday , the same day that the Lions confirmed they were investigating the incident , a person identified themselves on Twitter as the person behind the incident ( the tweet and Twitter account have since been removed ) , though multiple outlets caught a shot of the tweet before it disappeared :
Source : Twitter/ @ MarkoBeslach & cbssports.com
And on Wednesday , FOX Sports NFL Insider Mike Garafolo reported the Lions did indeed identify the person behind the laser pointing , and handed down swift punishment .
Word from the league meetings today was the Lions caught the laser pointer guy from Sunday 's game vs Bills and he 'll be banned from games . — Mike Garafolo ( @ MikeGarafolo ) October 9 , 2014
While there is no official word on the person the Lions identified , Twitter has certainly had its say :
Condolences going out to you , @ MarkoBeslach . Last @ Lions game you 'll ever have been allowed to attend was a loss . — Del Reid ( @ mrdeadlier ) October 6 , 2014
@ MarkoBeslach laser pointers are considered some of the finer things in Detroit . At least you can escape to your job this AM… .. oh wait — Bobby Carroll ( @ BCarroll6 ) October 6 , 2014
@ MarkoBeslach you 'll now be on stupid criminals . Screenshots of your Twitter will ensure you are banned from NFL games in the future . — Erin Mast ( @ ErinMast ) October 6 , 2014
— The Associated Press contributed to this report
UNITED NATIONS -- Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Wednesday declared that they will no longer be bound by the 1993 Oslo Accords between Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories , citing Israel 's failure to uphold its obligations under the peace agreement .
`` Our patience for a long time has come to an end , '' Abbas told the U.N. General Assembly . `` Israel has left us no choice but to insist that we will not remain the only ones committed to the implementation of those agreements while Israel continuously violates them . ''
Abbas wrote in a blog post for The WorldPost on Tuesday that they had held `` high hopes '' after the signing of the Oslo Accords , which facilitated Israeli-Palestinian security cooperation and laid out a road map for a complete Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank by 1998 .
Far from withdrawing , however , Israel has exponentially expanded settlements in Area C , the portion of the West Bank controlled by the Israeli government . At the U.N. on Wednesday , Abbas slammed the settlements as a key obstacle to peace .
`` Is it not time to end the racist , terrorist , colonialist settlement of our land , which is destroying the two-state solution ? '' they asked . `` Is it not time for the longest occupation in history , suffocating our people , to come to an end ? ''
The implications of Abbas ' announcement are not yet clear . In a sense , the Oslo Accords have been lapsed since the Israeli government 's failure to withdraw its citizens by 1998 , and both parties have recognized there will ultimately need to be a new agreement to achieve a two-state solution .
The news likely represents a desperate attempt by Abbas to force action on an increasingly intractable conflict . “ Basically , this was an ultimatum [ to Israel ] , '' said Grant Rumley , a research analyst who focuses on Palestinian affairs at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies . “ Honor your agreements and change the status quo , or we 'll consider more drastic steps . ”
Diana Buttu , a former advisor to Abbas who is now a Ramallah-based analyst , described the speech as an acknowledgement by the aging leader that their once-celebrated peace agreement was a failure . `` He is , after all , one of the architects of the Oslo Accords and they finally admitted that they have not only failed , but that the Oslo accords brought disaster upon the Palestinian people , '' they said .
`` Abbas 's awakening that Oslo has failed comes 20 years too late . For decades , Palestinians have lived under an apartheid regime that was cemented by Oslo , '' Buttu added .
Abbas called on the Israeli government to “ assume full responsibility as an occupying power ” in their remarks on Wednesday , suggesting they are considering halting security cooperation with the Israelis and potentially disbanding the Palestinian Authority .
The Huffington Post
More broadly , the nullification of the Oslo Accords is an indication that Abbas has given up on working towards statehood through direct talks with the Israeli government . “ It is no longer useful to waste time in negotiations for the sake of negotiations , ” they said at the U.N. “ What is required is to mobilize international efforts to oversee an end to the occupation in line with the resolutions of international legitimacy . ”
Since Palestine gained non-member observer status in the United Nations in 2012 , the Palestinian president 's strategy in the campaign for statehood has transitioned from direct negotiations with the Israelis to seeking recognition and legitimacy from international organizations .
Immediately after the collapse of the most recent round of peace talks in 2014 , Abbas filed paperwork to join 15 international conventions . Months later , they made a bid to join the International Criminal Court . The Palestinians have asked the court to investigate alleged Israeli war crimes committed during last summer 's Gaza War and in its expansion of settlements .
The latest bid for international recognition occurred Tuesday , just after Abbas ' speech , when the Palestinian flag was raised at the U.N. headquarters for the first time . Hundreds of reporters and attendees at the General Assembly crowded around a flagpole in the U.N. 's Rose Garden , just a few feet away from a piece of the Berlin Wall . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon lauded the ceremony as “ a day of pride for Palestinians around the world , ” and a reminder that “ symbols can lead to action in the right situation . ”
JESSICA SCHULBERG/THE HUFFINGTON POST A man takes a selfie in front of the Palestinian flag after it was raised at the U.N. headquarters for the first time on Sept. 30 , 2015 .
The ceremony was the result of a General Assembly vote earlier this month , which granted non-member observer states the right to fly their flags at the U.N . But some in the crowd noted that the vote had limited tangible effects .
“ When I heard that the United Nations was going to raise the flag , I was like , so what does that mean ? It 's long overdue . It 's something that was supposed to happen six decades ago , ” said Luma Diab , a 26-year-old Palestinian who traveled to the U.N. as part of a group representing the Qatari foundation Education Above All . “ But , I have to acknowledge that this is a step forward , ” they said , adding that they hope to see the U.N. take action to restrict the expansion of Israeli settlements in the West Bank .
But 19-year-old Anas Ghanim , also a member of the Qatari group , said seeing the flag gave them hope . “ It 's a step closer to peace in Palestine and it 's a victory for those who lost their lives for this moment , '' they said .
The U.S. was one of just eight of the 193 U.N. member states to vote against the resolution that allowed the Palestinians to raise their flag .
In explaining their vote to reporters , U.S . Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power acknowledged that the status quo in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories is unsustainable , but suggested that the Palestinian efforts at the U.N. are an attempt to `` shortcut '' a two-state solution .
Israel , which also voted against the resolution , slammed the Palestinian move as a disingenuous public relations stunt . `` The Palestinians managed to take cynicism to a whole new level . The goal of this resolution is a photo op , ” Israeli Ambassador to the U.N. Ron Prosor told Israeli reporters after the vote . `` The Palestinians want to bring together world dignitaries and the media to gather around and watch as [ Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas ] Abu Mazen raises a flag . They plan to use the prestige of the U.N. as a backdrop for this charade . ”
Snacks are opened on the table ; calming music is playing in the background ; voices are raised ; hands are gesturing , writing , running through hair-and the challengers are barely 30 minutes in . With hours to go , teams are already diving in headfirst . These students have no illusions about the Challenge ahead of them : it wo n't be easy , but the reward will be worth it .
Six years after a busload of students went to New York City to present projects that were months in the making at the offices of Major League Baseball 's Advanced Media division , the MLB.com College Challenge is bigger than ever . From November 12th at 8:30pm to November 13th at 1:00pm , Hinds Hall was full of more than 130 students , all competing for a chance to share their work with MLB . Simply put , the Major League Baseball Challenge at the School of Information Studies ( iSchool ) is a competition like no other .
The MLB Challenge encourages dedication and innovation above all else . The `` hackathon '' presents teams of 2 to 4 students with a problem that needs to be solved literally overnight . The concentrated brainstorming session sees students take the idea they were given and run with it . This year 's prompt was digital ticketing , and sent teams in directions as diverse as the students themselves .
The competition brings in participants from different disciplines , backgrounds , and class years to compete for an MLB TV premium subscription , and a trip to NYC with the opportunity to present their work in front of officials from MLB.com in their office at Chelsea Market .
Yet it 's more than just the prize that motivates students and alumni at MLB.com to participate . Every person interviewed said that the MLB Challenge is an incredible networking opportunity , a chance to make connections with people and further yourself personally and professionally . All of the MLB.com employees who came back for this year 's Challenge were Syracuse University alumni , and many of them found their jobs at MLB.com through participating in the iSchool 's MLB Challenge .
The chance to network is of course on everyone 's mind , but more than that , the MLB Challenge presents a real-life opportunity to experience a certain type of work early-on : holding to a deadline , managing a team , managing yourself . Students volunteer for this opportunity despite the time commitment , the physicality , the stress , and the chance that you 'll come away with nothing .
It 's a high-risk , high-reward challenge on the surface , but beyond that it 's an opportunity for growth and experience that would be nearly impossible to find elsewhere . There are always a number of people who are ready and willing to help the students , both in the challenge and outside of it , with advice on marketing , research and development , engineering , and more .
The four students from Team Sixen ( all members of the iSchool 's NEXIS student lab , hence the team name , backwards ) had different reasons for being a part of the competition : interest in walking out of the competition with contacts and potential job opportunities , wanting to experience the competition first hand , for a fun and unique experience , and even a desire to come back stronger than ever after a loss in last year 's Challenge . The room where they worked was full of enthusiasm , passion , and ideas . Nick , Natalie , Brendan , and Christian were constantly building on one another , working through the constant ebb and flow of development that ends in results , just like the other 29 teams .
The MLB Challenge has evolved over the past 6 years . The original Challenge was spread out over two months , where competitors were given three different prompts to choose from . They were then bussed to New York City to present at MLB.com headquarters . From there , it became the overnight hackathon that it is today . This year 's Challenge filled Hinds Hall to the brim , and could likely outgrow the building for future Challenges .
When asked about plans for next year , Josh Frost ‘ 08 , manager of product development at MLB.com and a member of the MLB Challenge from the start , said that space is n't something that they 're worried about right now . The main focus of the competition is face time and interaction , and will continue to be the focus as the Challenge continues to grow and expand .
As for where things might be going , Josh said that the team wants to look at their model of connecting real professionals with students and give them more of that experience . It does n't scale easily , but `` we would want to find ways to give this experience to more students because it 's valuable to us to meet more people , because it 's valuable to us to tell our story . '' The MLB Challenge may find itself on the way to larger venues , but the core values will remain the same .
Ideas for each year 's prompts come from Major League Baseball itself : What is relevant in the industry ? What is being worked on ? At the same time , everything is kept appealing to students and their curriculum . More time is spent on the idea for each Challenge than the logistics . Each year is easier to plan than the last as things become more and more streamlined .
When asked how they choose a winner , Frost gave two answers : in their own words , the “ boring ” answer is that groups ' presentations are graded against a standardized rubric . Teams are split into one of four groups and will compete against the other teams in their group first . The best team from each group will present against the others , and the team with the best score wins . The more interesting answer ? `` We want people who can solve a fan 's problem . We want to make the fan 's experience better . ''
This year 's winning team was Ocean 's 3 , made up of senior Adrian Hatch and junior Kevin Spector , both from the iSchool , along with junior Josiah MacDonald from the College of Engineering and Computer Science .
The three came up with a win by designing an RFID wristband for use in the park , along with a companion mobile app and website . Hatch explained that “ the real heart of the idea is that you do n't need to take your phone out at the ballpark so you can focus on watching the game . ”
Ocean 's 3 will be traveling to New York City soon to pitch their idea in front of officials from MLB.com in Marketing , Product Development , Software Engineering , and anyone else at the MLB 's offices who are interested in hearing about the work that they 've done .
Shamayim Harris ran three times for city council in their hometown of Highland Park , Michigan . Each time the voters rejected them “ They did n't want me , ” they say , with a smile . But that did n't stop them from fulfilling their plans to give Highland Park residents new opportunities , starting with their own block on Avalon Street .
The city of Highland Park is in the middle of the much larger city of Detroit , and could easily be mistaken for another of its neglected neighborhoods . Highland Park has been without a library for 14 years . Its high school was permanently closed by the state last year , leaving just one school , a K–8 program , within its borders . In 2011 , utility company DTE Energy removed all the street lights ; local and national headlines read some variation of “ Highland Park goes dark : City removes lights to pay bills. ” The city has struggled financially for over a decade , and was one of several financially challenged local units of government in Michigan where Gov . Rick Snyder took control of operational and fiscal duties away from local elected officials and gave it to appointed “ emergency managers . ”
These were the conditions Harris , widely known as “ Mama Shu , ” considered when tossing their hat in the political ring . Them desire , they say , was n't simply to be in office or hold any political titles . It was simply to “ make things better ” for the residents of Highland Park . “ I 'm looking at the conditions and wondering what can I do , intimately understanding what 's going on ? ” they say .
Them tone is reflective . But Shu , a business owner and ordained minister , is not resentful . The vision they had for the city over a decade ago is finally coming to fruition with Avalon Village , an ecologically sustainable project being built in four phases , beginning with a study center for local children . “ We want what any community wants , ” says Shu . “ All these other cities have all these wonderful things . Why ca n't we ? ”
With that spirit , and with the help of contributors from around the world , in May they raised over $ 240,000 days on Kickstarter . Prior to that campaign , the project received a $ 100,000 donation from the Big Sun Foundation , a nonprofit founded by members of the Grammy award-winning band Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros .
That seed money went to Moon Ministries , a nonprofit organization . Then Shu used it to purchase more than 10 properties on their block , including vacant lots and salvageable abandoned homes , and to start renovating Homework House , which they describe as a place where children will be able to get meals and help with schoolwork .
A totally redesigned 2,400-square-foot two-family home , Homework House will have a computer center and a lab for specialized help in science , technology , engineering , and mathematics , as well as a recording studio and a commercial kitchen . In the yards outside , children will have three recreational courts to play basketball , tennis , and volleyball .
Moon Ministries is handling all the funds associated with the project for now , but Shu says she 's submitted the paperwork to make Avalon Village itself a 501 ( c ) 3 nonprofit . Once that 's approved , the resulting group will handle the costs of running the village over time .
The greening of Avalon Street began in 2014 , with the installation of a solar street light in front of Shu 's home . The rest of the block will soon have more solar lights . Homework House will have geothermal heating and cooling , as well as a metal roof designed to save on cooling costs . The project received an $ 18,000 in-kind donation from Luma Resources , a company that manufactures shingle-style solar panels for rooftops .
Meanwhile , local contracting firm Ako Building Corporation volunteered to help with construction and design .
The support for Avalon Village continues to roll in with big names like Ellen Degeneres , who on their show in September surprised Shu with a $ 100,000 prefab energy-efficient home from Cocoon 9 . Shu points to the area where it 'll go as if it 's already there , adding that the space will be used for Avalon Village 's offices .
But before the big names and money started to come in , Shu depended on their friends and family and their weekly check from the charter school where they worked as an office administrator . It was this combination of funds that helped them to purchase their home for $ 3,000 in 2009 .
“ I did n't have $ 3,000 , ” they say , “ but I put it together . ”
A former neighbor who asked that their last name not be used , Ashaki says their mother still lives on Avalon Street . They explain that their sister used to live in the lower unit of what is now Homework House . “ It got really bad over the years , ” they said . “ It 's good what she 's doing . ”
Ashaki and another neighbor , named Tyrone , who 's lived in the same house on Avalon for 50 years , remember the days when Highland Park was a vibrant community . “ It was called the City of Trees , ” says Tyrone . “ You do n't see many trees now. ” But they say that Shu is bringing life back to the block . “ They keep the grass cut , ” they say . “ It 's looking good . ”
A Difficult Journey
Mama Shu 's two-story brick home sits on the corner of Avalon Street and Woodward Avenue . It 's been a welcome center of sorts to Highland Park and Detroit residents for the seven years that she 's lived there — one of seven occupied homes amid blighted houses and vacant lots . The street 's bright colors , green grass , and activity today are all things they say they used to envision when driving past on their way to work . The houses appeared dilapidated , and mattresses , tires , toilets , bricks , and other discarded items filled the vacant lots . Them now warm and inviting home was boarded up and occupied by squatters .
“ They kept it clean , though , ” they say , laughing . The wood floors were still in good condition , but all the plumbing had been torn out . After they moved in , in 2009 , callers kept coming by , expecting to find someone else there . They recall performing a cleansing ceremony — with incense , oils , and sage — on the third night .
That time was the end of a long transition for Shu and their family . To see their infectious smile today and hear their laughter , one would n't suspect the trauma she 's endured : In 2007 , at only “ two years , one month , and six days ” old , their younger son , Jakobi Ra , was killed by a neighbor speeding down the street .
Shu and their then-husband were at work , and their boys — Jakobi and their older brother , Chinyelu , who was 10 at the time — were outside playing under their neighbors ' supervision . They tear up when talking about what happened . “ They were walking across the street when my neighbor … turned the corner and blew the stop sign and … the impact just snatched Jakobi out of Chin 's hand . ”
Shu recalls thinking that they would n't make it . “ My girlfriends and I would say things like , ‘ I 'd die if something happened to one of my children . ' ” But when they woke up the next day , after their son had passed , they said , “ Damn , I did n't die. ” And today , they say , Jakobi is still with them The Jakobi Ra Park , named in 2011 after Shu 's son , was the first venue of what eventually would become Avalon Village . And at the September ribbon-cutting ceremony for the project — held on the same day their son was killed nine years ago — a headstone was unveiled in their memory .
It 's their spirit , they say , and the energy and help of their family , friends , and all the project 's volunteers that help them to keep going .
The only bid for a rip-and-replace turf job at Minto Field would put a huge dent in a city fund reserved for parks which could serve residents across Ottawa .
As of April 30 , which is the most recent tally available , the citywide cash-in-lieu of parkland account has about $ 1.96 million available , after other spending commitments are taken into consideration .
The city received one bid to replace the artificial turf at Minto Field . Centaur Products quoted a price of $ 1,178,330 before tax .
The city continues to evaluate the bid and has not yet awarded a contract .
The citywide cash-in-lieu of parkland account has been eyed as the funding source to pay for the turf job , although that was when the city thought the work would cost about $ 500,000 .
The account collects money from builders who ca n't provide park space ; in other words , it 's a payment in lieu of not being able to meet the city 's development conditions .
The revenue splits two ways : 60 per cent of the money is put aside for projects specifically for the ward and 40 per cent is reserved for citywide projects .
The citywide parks projects are meant to serve the entire population or a region larger than a single ward .
At the same time , the city could search other accounts for money to pay for the turf replacement .
Minto Field , which is at the Nepean Sportsplex , needs another turf swap because the surface installed in 2015 is inadequate for football teams . The city bought a high-quality field hockey turf at a total cost of $ 1.3 million , but the surface injured young football players , who have received abrasions .
The city has decided it needs to change the turf again if the field will be used for football and other sports such as field hockey and lacrosse .
Over the winter , the city found a turf that it believed would be a good multi-sport replacement . The Nexxfield turf tested well with sports teams , but it was the only turf put through a trial .
The city 's request for tender , which closed Tuesday , specified the Nexxfield X-Gen Pro Reverse or an approved equivalent without granular infill .
Centaur , the only bidder , is the installer for Nexxfield in Ontario .
When the city collected bids in 2015 on the installation of the current turf at Minto Field , there were two bidders : Centaur and Carpell Surfaces . Both companies pitched a national-level field hockey turf , as required by the city , but Carpell 's bid was about $ 430,000 lower and the company won the contract .
Now , it seems Centaur has the upper hand by virtue of having the turf product the city prefers .
jwilling @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Former world boxing champion Hector `` Macho '' Camacho is taken by paramedics into a medical center in San Juan , Puerto Rico . ( Photo11 : Sebastian Perez , AP ) Story Highlights Camacho has been ruled clinically 'brain dead '
They were shot on Tuesday night as they sat in a car in Puerto Rico
Their career boxing record was 79-6-3
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) - Famed Puerto Rican boxer Hector `` Macho '' Camacho is clinically brain dead , doctors said Thursday , though they said family members were disagreeing on whether to take them off life support.Dr . Ernesto Torres said doctors have finished performing all medical tests on Camacho , who was shot in the face Tuesday night .
`` We have done everything we could , '' said Torres , who is the director of the Centro Medico trauma center in San Juan . `` We have to tell the people of Puerto Rico and the entire world that Macho Camacho has died , they are brain dead . ''
They said at a news conference that Camacho would remain on life support until Thursday morning , at which time the family will have to tell doctors whether they want to donate their organs .
Torres said Camacho 's father has already indicated that they want the boxer taken off life support and their organs donated , but one of their sisters opposes the idea .
`` This is a very difficult moment , '' they said .
Ismael Leandry , a longtime friend and former manager , told reporters that Camacho 's mother also is wavering on taking their son off life support and would like more time with him . They said the family is waiting for Camacho 's oldest son to arrive on Thursday night before having a family reunion and making a decision .
`` Let 's remember them as a good man , '' Leandry said . `` He was a good father , a good son . ''
Steve Tannenbaum , a friend and a former boxing agent for Camacho , said in a phone interview that they idolized Camacho as a boxer .
`` He is one of the greatest small fighters that I have ever seen , '' they said . `` Hector Camacho had a legendary status . ''
Tannenbaum said they initially believed Camacho would survive . `` He was almost like the indestructible man . They had so many troubles with the law , so many altercations in their life . It 's a great shame . ''
The 50-year-old Camacho was shot as they and a friend sat in a Ford Mustang parked outside a bar Tuesday night . Police spokesperson Alex Diaz said officers found nine small bags of cocaine in the friend 's pocket , and a 10th bag open inside the car . Camacho 's friend , identified as 49-year-old Adrian Mojica Moreno , was killed in the attack .
Doctors had initially said Camacho was expected to survive , but their condition worsened and their heart stopped briefly overnight Tuesday , Torres said . The bullet entered their jaw and lodged in their shoulder after tearing through three of four main arteries in their neck , affecting blood flow through their brain , doctors said .
`` That lack of oxygen greatly damaged Macho Camacho 's brain , '' Torres said .
Torres had said late Wednesday that Camacho was still showing irregular and intermittent brain activity .
Camacho was born in Bayamon , a city within the San Juan metropolitan area , but they grew up mostly in New York 's Harlem neighborhood , earning the nickname `` the Harlem Heckler . ''
They won super lightweight , lightweight and junior welterweight world titles in the 1980s and fought high-profile bouts against Felix Trinidad , Julio Cesar Chavez and Sugar Ray Leonard . Camacho knocked out Leonard in 1997 , ending the former champ 's final comeback attempt .
Camacho has a career record of 79-6-3 .
In recent years , they divided their time between Puerto Rico and Florida , appearing regularly on Spanish-language television as well as on a reality show called `` Es Macho Time ! '' on YouTube . In San Juan , they had been living in the beach community of Isla Verde , where they would readily pose for photos with tourists who recognized them on the street , said former pro boxer Victor `` Luvi '' Callejas , a neighbor and friend .
Camacho battled drugs , alcohol and other problems throughout their life . They were sentenced in 2007 to seven years in prison for the burglary of a computer store in Mississippi . While arresting them on the burglary charge in January 2005 , police also found the drug ecstasy .
A judge eventually suspended all but one year of the sentence and gave Camacho probation . They wound up serving two weeks in jail , though , after violating that probation .
Their wife also filed domestic abuse complaints against them twice before their divorce several years ago .
In 1872 , the HMS Challenger left Portsmouth on a daring mission , but it did n't set sail as a military ship . It had been retrofitted , not to project power , but to humbly petition the ocean to give up some of its secrets . Over three and a half years , the Challenger and its crew of over 200 ( at the start , that is ) circumnavigated the globe , collecting every scrap of information they found along the way . The crew frequently measured the depth of the seafloor and the temperature profile of the water , and brought up sediment samples ( sometimes including living organisms ) . Among other accomplishments , the expedition discovered the submarine mountains of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , described more than 4,700 new species , and learned that the ocean was stratified by temperature .
There is still much we do not know about the ocean , but quite a lot has changed . Thanks to the Argo project , we 're now up to 3,500 automated buoys that continuously record data from the upper 2 kilometers of Earth 's oceans . Using that incredible data coverage , oceanographers were able to compare Challenger 's temperature measurements to today 's oceans .
For each of 273 Challenger temperature profiles from the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans , researchers interpolated Argo measurements from the same location , depth , and time of year . Modern surface ocean temperatures ( averaged over 2004-2010 ) were higher at 211 of those points . On average , the surface of the Atlantic is about 1°C warmer—0.4°C for the Pacific . The authors write , “ As the Challenger 's sampling was more intensive in the Atlantic and the warming may be greater in that ocean , we estimate the global difference as the area-weighted mean of the Atlantic and Pacific values , 0.59° C ±0.12 . ”
As you 'd expect , that difference diminishes with depth . At 366 meters ( 200 fathoms ) , the area-weighted “ global ” average today is 0.39° C ±0.18 . At 914 meters ( 500 fathoms ) , it 's down to 0.12° C ±0.07 , and the difference disappears by about 1,500 meters depth .
These numbers may underestimate the warming for a number of reasons relating to the Challenger measurements . For example , the crew worked under the assumption that the line holding the thermometer extended downward perfectly perpendicular to the surface . In reality ( as they knew ) , it was likely to trail behind the motion of the ship , which could n't be kept completely stationary . That means the thermometer would measure at a depth a bit shallower than intended , yielding a warmer temperature .
El Niño Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) variability should n't have much impact on the analysis . Challenger 's route cut quickly across the equatorial Pacific and avoided the eastern equatorial Pacific altogether , so most of the sampling was done outside the areas affected most . Also , averaging the Argo data over 2004-2010 makes for a minimal El Niño/La Niña bias .
The calculated differences are consistent with warming estimates from other reconstructions and records . Still , the additional data points provide some useful perspective . The researchers note that the sub-surface measurements are useful in calculating the past contribution of thermal expansion to sea level rise .
They conclude , “ The Challenger data set was a landmark achievement in many respects . With regard to climate and climate change , Challenger not only described the basic temperature stratification of the oceans , but provided a valuable baseline of nineteenth-century ocean temperature that , along with the modern Argo data set , establishes a lower bound on centennial-scale global ocean warming . ”
Nature Climate Change , 2012 . DOI : 10.1038/NCLIMATE1461 ( About DOIs ) .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho described Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger as a `` specialist in failure '' ahead of their side 's FA Cup clash with Manchester City .
Former Arsenal goalkeeper Bob Wilson has described Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho as “ boring ” and a “ bully ” in an interview with BBC Radio 5 Live .
• Delaney : Jose puts spark in title race
Mourinho described Arsene Wenger as a “ specialist in failure ” this week after the Gunners boss had claimed their counterpart was playing down Chelsea 's title chances as they had “ a fear to fail . ”
Ahead of Saturday 's FA Cup clash with Manchester City , Mourinho had defended their comments , telling ITV : `` When they say that I am afraid of failure they are not respecting my past and , because they do not respect this , I do not respect their past . That 's my answer . It 's an answer that does n't make me happy , but an answer that I think they deserve . ''
The spat dates back to Mourinho 's previous spell at Stamford Bridge , during which time the Portuguese famously reacted to criticism from Wenger by labelling them “ a voyeur ” , and the sniping has persisted throughout the years .
Wilson , who had worked as the Gunners ' goalkeeping coach earlier in Wenger 's reign , said it was lamentable that Mourinho 's remarks should take attention away from the death of the “ gent ” Sir Tom Finney , who died on Friday aged 91 .
Asked about their recent comments on Wenger , Wilson said : “ I think at best it was disrespectful , at worst despicable , to be so dismissive of a genuinely good guy and a footballing man , I think , whose presence in England in 17 , 18 years has opened eyes and ears and created wonderfully entertaining sides .
“ It 's obviously not the first time Mourinho has singled Arsene out . They called them a voyeur , which is a disgusting claim , and thankfully on that occasion they -- although belatedly -- they did apologise .
“ I think it 's personal . They are a hugely talented , amazing manager , Mourinho , but a self-publicist and it 's mainly inaccurate . I find -- at this moment -- I find them boring at the moment .
“ To say West Ham play 19th-century football , to give [ Manchester City boss ] Manuel Pellegrini the abuse they have ... this is a weekend when we honour a gent -- Tom Finney , Sir Tom -- and I do n't like bullies . ”
Following the FA Cup defeat to City , Mourinho had defended their recent comments , saying they are always criticised despite Wenger having also made negative remarks .
“ It 's always the same guy who 's the bad guy , ” they said . “ One is polite , the other is the bad guy -- OK , OK . I 'm not surprised because I know him . ”
Information from the Press Association was used in this report .
From Tiexue :
July 6 , around 8pm at night , a man on Zhannan Road robbing another man met resistance , and fled after stabbing the male victim with the pair of scissors . Afterward , the suspect armed with scissors held a female victim passing by until 9:30 at night when a plain-clothes police officer seized an opportunity , fired 4 consecutive shots , and they were shot dead at the scene . The hostage was successfully freed .
A video of what happened :
A news report on YouTube ( originally from Youku ) :
From Tianya :
Firing three more shots , was it to completely finish the robber or for the hostage 's extreme safety ?
The story of the brave police officer was everyone in the media today . I have doubts . What I think is that one shot had already done the job . If it is about being on the safe side , after one shot , would n't they have run forth and kicked away the robber 's weapon ? If it really is like this , then they really are a hero : One decisive shot , kicking away the weapon , is brave , saving the hostage itself is of course heroic .
But the police officer shot once , and then shot another three times . We do n't know what the police officer was thinking at the time , but according to what they said afterward , “ I was afraid the suspect would continue to hurt the hostage , so I stepped forth and shot a few more shots ” , then it was for the hostage 's safety , or more precisely , it was for the hostage 's extreme safety . It looks like this is an iron law , that if it is not the robber who dies , then it would be the hostage that dies , so the robber must die , otherwise the hostage will still die . This is very consistent with the way Chinese people think , if it is not one , then it is two .
For example : If someone is not a good guy , then they are a bad guy . Watching television , basically the characters are fixed as good guys and bad guys , the good guys like this and the bad guys the opposites/antithesis . The characters in a film , aside from the good guys and the bad guys , there are no other people . In the end , the bad guys must all die , because if they do not die , everyone would feel indignant after the film ends . So , if the bad guys are not brought to justice and finally decapitated or executed by firing squad , then they get what they had coming , for example , accidentally falling to death or getting hit by a car and the like .
With regards to the problem of there not being any other people besides good guys and bad guys , no one tries to get to the bottom of it because no one feels it is meaningful . Of course , there are even less people who would ask whether the bad guys are able to become good guys . Bad guys becoming good guys itself is not an ideal outcome , something we can not accept in our hearts . So when watching television series , we still prefer the bad guys to not become good guys , that if in the end the bad guys do not reach the threshold of being given the death penalty by the law , then at least they have to die from some abnormal occurrence . Over time , it becomes that bad guys must die . For example , Wen Qiang , already determined to be one of the bad guys , their death lets everyone feel at ease , even hanging banners and lighting firecrackers , because that is consistent with everyone 's hearts/thinking .
So , for these “ are they bad guys or not , should they die or not ” things must have support and as long as you can have everyone feel in the bottom of their hearts that they were a bad guy , then that 's enough . The moment everyone believes they are a bad guy , no matter how they die it is all okay , because a bad guy is someone who does not deserve sympathy , someone who has no value in existing . Getting the masses to believe needs something , and that something is public opinion . Public opinion allows the majority of the people to automatically assume someone as a bad guy , so that everything will be seen as logical and coherent . In China , manufacturing public opinion is a very simple/easy matter , because the mainstream media is all centrally controlled , all living off of the government .
With regards to the calm and resolute firing of three extra shots , I am in objection/dissent/disagreement , which is why I have gone onto the internet to look at netizens ' opinions . Upon seeing them , I have discovered that I am not alone , that there are actually quite a lot of people who share my opinion . Only thing is , this is not the mainstream opinion . According to the theory of good guys and bad guys , the police officer is the good guy , the robber is the bad guy . The matter is clear , the good guy is the good guy , and can not have done a good thing yet become a bad guy , as that is something the heavens would not allow .
I do n't blame anything , I only blame that China has too few people , that there are only good guys and bad guys . I hope in the future , there will be people who are neither good guys nor bad guys , that there will be bad guys who are good guys most of the time , that there will be good guys who basically always do bad things . This way , there will be a few more categories of people , and when three extra shots are fired , we will be at some loss : Are we sure the person we are killing is a bad guy ? Perhaps using this method to view life is not serious enough , and is not appropriate , but at least life will still have some weight .
Comments from Tianya :
117422972 :
One shot is not enough to satisfy the public 's anger , only with three more shots can one become a hero .
费正清 :
Hostage-takers are utterly evil , and reason demands that they be shot dead .
Hostage-takers are not bad people ? Are you the robber 's partner in crime ?
The robber did not respect life , and the moment they themselves created a situation where it was their life or the hostage 's life , no one is going to protect their bullshit life .
从农奴到将军 :
[ I 've ] carefully watched the video . With the first shot , the robber fell backwards and the hostage got away . Had the robber had made a move then there could be more shots first . However , because what they were holding was a pair of scissors and not a gun , the robber is n't guilty of the most heinous crime . They had no intention of killing the hostage , they only wanted a ticket home [ to escape ] !
zw3958 :
If you want to be commended , it is still better to fire off a few more shots . If [ the criminal ] is not shot dead on the spot , then the public treasury will be wasted again [ on trials ] .
周丕东 :
Reading the comments , I sigh that life truly is no longer worth more than a dog 's fart .
周丕东 :
The main problem is that this female police officer was still able to laugh after the incident . A lack of humanity , a serious lack . No matter what , killing someone , especially if it was the first time killing someone , and then still being able to laugh afterward… This is China , everything is possible , nothing makes sense .
铲除公社大粪 :
Handgun versus scissors , falling over and then firing 3 more shots… Fascism has returned .
爱情是我的信仰1 :
I ca n't stay quiet any longer…
LZ , you do n't need to kidnap a hostage , just go to America and brandish a knife running towards the police , and when you come back , I 'll pay for your travel expenses .
ljm554365055 :
Who dares to admit that they were n't pleased watching that killing video ? That they were n't delighted ? Very stimulating , very realistic , much more enjoyable than cops and robber films .
That 's why everyone is strongly supporting the police , otherwise the police would hesitate to kill people in the future , and then who will provide us with fun scenes of killing ? Stop arguing , go to bed , and wait to watch the next killing show .
terryfht :
I just want to say , if they were self-confident about their marksmanship , then one shot would be enough to disarm the robber 's ability to harm others .
If they were not self-confident about their marksmanship , then every shot of hers was made under the possibility of harming the hostage .
You can say that any one of China 's police are expert marksmen , but I am not going to believe it .
彤彤红日 :
“ Fired once , and then fired 3 more times ” This actually is just to put on a show [ of authority ] for the ordinary common people…
风铃～刀声 :
According to common sense , this robber and this police officer have no grudge against each other , so there is no need to kill . One shot was enough to disable [ the robber 's ] resistance , no need to fire more shots . One possibility could be that it their superiors ordered that the robber be shot dead . Another possibility may be that this police officer has mental/emotional problems , maybe they were hurt by men before , so they took their grudge out on the robber . Sigh , we can only say this robber was too unlucky .
傲世孤鹰 :
Seizing the opportunity to save the hostage is indeed worthy of praise , but consecutively shooting a suspect that has already been shot and has fallen to the ground no longer a threat another three times reveals the inhuman/savage side of this outstanding police officer !
See also “ Police Woman Shoots Hostage Taker ” ( EastSouthWestNorth ) for additional translations , YouTube videos , and translated netizen comments .
Policewomen can fire 4 times . chinaSMACK personals .
Big changes are coming soon to Second Life 's much-debated , much-derided user interface , according to Linden Lab CEO Rod Humble , who recently stopped by the popular Second Life user forum SL Universe to mention this . The changes will merge the current Basic and Advance modes , something that 's already been announced , but that 's just the start . Specifically :
For the UI changes . First you will see a merge of the modes . ( Basically click to move + new camera coming into Advanced which you can turn to [ the ] old way if you like . ) That should be end of this month [ October ] . Next , a large GUI change for all our users . Yup , we are taking another crack at UI design again ... ( Moria drums )
Yes , Rod Humble mentioned Moria drums , because that 's how they roll . Maybe they believe a lot of these changes will be greeted by a dramatic rumbling from the hardcore user base . And I love how they conclude :
So in fairly short order you will be enjoying a new Linden Lab UI AND new features to help things run amok in-world . Good or bad it will be glorious !
Emphasis mine . My guess ( and hope ) is that Second Life 's viewer will look much more like The Sims 3 , the hit Electronic Arts PC game which Humble lead developed , before coming to Linden Lab . ( The Basic version of the viewer already looks decidedly more Sims-like . ) Whatever the big changes , here 's to glorious ones that are n't just incremental .
In today 's charged political climate , it feels like we 're constantly debating the effectiveness of activist tactics . Though most people accept that strikes , boycotts , and protests are valid tactics , petitions have become a bit of a joke . On sites like Change.org and Whitehouse.gov , petitions can accrue thousands of signatures without seemingly changing anything . But to anyone who thinks petitions do n't accomplish anything , may I point out just one thing : Only three people signed the petition I wrote demanding that I drink my own urine , and I still did it .
That 's right : People power still gets shit done .
It 's easy to disparage petitions . After all , they 're just demands with a list of names attached ; what power do they really have ? When I first drafted up the petition that I drink a pint of my own urine , I was plenty skeptical that any real action would come of it . Just three signatures later , though , there I was on Facebook Live , gulping down a chilled glass of my dark , tart piss ! Without those signatures , none of my friends or family would ever have seen that .
Advertisement
Think about it : Would I really be chugging my discharge if there was n't real weight behind the names on that page ? I do n't think so . Petitions work .
Was it easy getting signatures on my petition ? Anything but . Emailing it out to my extended family and only hearing back from Great Uncle Keith was disheartening , and getting just one signature from a very surly sophomore after 10 hours canvasing at my alma mater felt like a defeat . But overcoming apathy is the uphill battle that any movement faces . And when I finally got that third signature from my dental technician , and downgraded my goal from 200 signatures to three , it really did feel like a victory , no matter whether they knew what they were signing or not .
Changing the world is a long , slow , difficult process , and revising our methods is a crucial part of that . One day it might finally be time to lay the petition to rest , but if the film of urine clinging to my chin is any indication , that day 's still a long way off .
FOR those of you not watching the television coverage of today 's march against spending cuts in central London , let me offer you a vignette . On a big stage in front of the bulk of the protestors in Hyde Park , Brendan Barber , the head of the Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) warms up for Ed Miliband , the Labour leader , by screaming into the microphone about the injustice of the government 's austerity mission . Meanwhile , Harriet Harman , Labour 's deputy , stands to their side while Mr Miliband waits at the back . So far , so bad . Viewers who worry that the current Labour leadership is beholden to the unions and public-sector vested interests will hardly be changing their minds .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Then the public-relations nightmare really begins . At the exact moment that Mr Miliband arrives at the lectern and begins speaking , black-clad protestors who had broken away from the main march begin misbehaving in the shopping areas of Regent Street and Oxford Street . Topshop , the high-street retailer accused of tax-dodging by many of the protestors , comes under assault . Various other shops close down as a precaution . The Metropolitan Police have just tweeted that some of their officers have been attacked by lightbulbs filled with ammonia .
The television coverage shows footage of all this happening while the disembodied voice of Mr Miliband , speaking in Hyde Park , compares the march to the Suffragette cause , the civil rights movement in America and the anti-apartheid protests in South Africa . As the words `` David Cameron , this is the big society ! '' tauntingly leave their lips , viewers are treated to the spectacle of police officers being charged at by protestors . Mr Miliband finishes their speech by invoking Martin Luther King .
This embarrassing juxataposition of the speech with the violence is , according to some angry left-wing bloggers and tweeters , the dastardly work of Sky News . They are mistaken . I was watching the coverage on BBC News , who were carrying the same images and the same speech . How could they not ?
Now , of course , Mr Miliband was unable to see what was going on a mile of two away from Hyde Park . And it was a pure accident of timing that one breakaway march ( which amounted to a tiny fraction of the hundreds of thousands peacefully demonstrating ) turned ugly just as they began speaking .
But it was their choice to address the rally in the first place , the latest stage in their curious political strategy of appealing to people who are already certain to vote Labour . It was their choice to go for the moral bombast of the apartheid and civil rights allusions in their speech , which were hostages to fortune . And they must have known that some kind of violence would take place today : it is only three months since the smashing-up of Parliament Square by protestors opposed to higher university tuition fees . Those few seconds of news coverage will have reached many viewers ( it is Saturday , after all ) and those who did not see it will probably have it brought to their attention in the coming weeks by the Tories ' attack operation , who must not be able to believe their luck .
It is not just the violent fringe of these protests that are a threat to Labour 's credibility and electability , though . As Bagehot blogged yesterday , and as Philip Collins wrote in The Times , the decent and good-natured majority of the anti-cuts movement are often wilfully oblivious to the need for any spending cuts at all , and `` the alternative '' they campaign for is the old standby of getting assorted tycoons , banks and corporations to pay more in tax . Labour 's decision to associate itself so closely with these groups ( who , in their soft-headedness , are worryingly evocative of some of the company Labour kept in their 1980s dog-days ) is , quietly but surely , damaging the brand of a party that is already seen by voters as too left-wing . It may also make Labour look swivel-eyed and perpetually angry , in the way the Tories once did . In the short term , backing the protests might help rattle the government . In the long term , which slice of the electorate is Mr Miliband hoping to win over that they can not already count on ?
As I watch the television coverage of the march making its way through London , and of an HSBC branch being smashed up by anarchists , my eye is drawn less and less to the angry protestors and more to the ordinary people milling around looking perturbed . Some are foreign tourists . The rest are called voters .
In the wake of the Flight 253 provocation , over-hyped terrorism panics , and last year 's Big Pharma and media-engineered hysteria over the H1N1 flu pandemic , President Barack Obama signed Executive Order 13528 [ 1 ]
Among other things , the Executive Order ( EO ) established a Council of Governors , an `` advisory panel '' chosen by the President that will rubber-stamp long-sought-after Pentagon contingency plans to seize control of state National Guard forces in the event of a `` national emergency . ''
According to the White House press release [ 2 ] , the ten member , bipartisan Council was created `` to strengthen further the partnership between the Federal Government and State Governments to protect our Nation against all types of hazards . ''
`` When appointed '' the announcement continues , `` the Council will be reviewing such matters as involving the National Guard of the various States ; homeland defense ; civil support ; synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States ; and other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard , homeland defense , and civil support activities . ''
Clearly designed to weaken the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 [ 3 ] which bars the use of the military for civilian law enforcement , EO 13528 is the latest in a series of maneuvers by previous administrations to wrest control of armed forces historically under the democratic control of elected state officials , and a modicum of public accountability .
One consequence of moves to `` synchronize and integrate '' state National Guard units with those of the Armed Forces would be to place them under the effective control of United States Northern Command ( USNORTHCOM ) [ 4 ] , created in 2002 by Bushist legislators in both capitalist parties under the pretext of imperialism 's endless `` War on Terror . '' At the time , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld called USNORTHCOM 's launch `` the most sweeping set of changes since the unified command system was set up in 1946 . ''
The real-world consequences of those changes were n't long in coming .
Following their criminal inaction during 2005 's Hurricane Katrina catastrophe , the Bush regime sought , but failed , to seize control of depleted Gulf Coast National Guard units , the bulk of which had been sent to Iraq along with equipment that might have aided the recovery . Bush demanded that then Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco sign over control of the Guard as well as state and local police units as the blood price for federal assistance .
At the height of the crisis , Bush cited presidential prerogatives for doing so under the Insurrection Act [ 5 ] , a repressive statute which authorizes the President to federalize National Guard units when state governments fail to `` suppress rebellion . '' How the plight of citizens engulfed by Katrina 's flood waters could be twisted into an act of `` rebellion '' was achieved when Orwellian spin doctors , aided and abetted by a compliant media , invented a new criminal category to cover traumatized New Orleans residents : `` Drowning while Black . ''
Fast forward five years . Given the serious implications such proposals would have for a functioning democracy , the media 's deafening silence on Obama 's Executive Order is hardly surprising . Like their role as cheerleaders in the escalating wars in Afghanistan and Pakistan , media self-censorship tell us much about the state of affairs in `` new normal '' America .
Like their predecessors in the Oval Office , stretching back to the 1960s with Pentagon `` civil disturbance '' plans such as Cable Splicer and Garden Plot , both of which are continuously updated , our `` change '' President will forge ahead and invest the permanent National Security bureaucracy with unprecedented power .
Under color of the 2008 National Defense Authorization Act [ 6 ] , an unsavory piece of Bushist legislative detritus , `` The President shall establish a bipartisan Council of Governors to advise the Secretary of Defense , the Secretary of Homeland Security , and the White House Homeland Security Council on matters related to the National Guard and civil support missions . ''
The toothless Council , whose Executive Director will be designated by the Secretary of Defense no less , `` shall meet at the call of the Secretary of Defense or the Co-Chairs of the Council . ''
Will such a Council have veto power over administration deliberations ? Hardly . They are relegated `` to exchange views , information , or advice with the Secretary of Defense ; the Secretary of Homeland Security '' and `` the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism . ''
Additional entities covered by the EO with whom the Governors Council will `` exchange views '' include , `` the Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement ; the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas ' Security Affairs ; the Commander , United States Northern Command ; the Chief , National Guard Bureau ; the Commandant of the Coast Guard ; and other appropriate officials of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Defense , and appropriate officials of other executive departments or agencies as may be designated by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security . ''
In other words , right from the get-go , the Council will serve as civilian cover for political decisions made by the Executive Branch and the security apparat . EO 13528 continues , `` Such views , information , or advice shall concern : ( a ) matters involving the National Guard of the various States ; ( b ) homeland defense ; ( c ) civil support ; ( d ) synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States ; and ( e ) other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard , homeland defense , and civil support activities . ''
When news first broke last summer of Obama 's proposal to expand the military 's authority to respond to domestic disasters , it was opposed by the National Governors Association ( NGA ) .
Congressional Quarterly [ 7 ] reported that a letter sent on behalf of the NGA opposed creation of the Council on grounds that it `` would invite confusion on critical command and control issues , complicate interagency planning , establish stove-piped response efforts , and interfere with governors ' constitutional responsibilities to ensure the safety and security of their citizens , '' Govs . Jim Douglas , R-Vt. , and Joe Manchin III , D-W.Va. , wrote .
According to their August letter to Paul N. Stockton , Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas ' Security Affairs , Douglas and Manchin III argued that `` without assigning a governor tactical control '' of military forces during a natural disaster such as a flood or earthquake , or an unnatural disaster such as a terrorist attack or other mass casualty event , the `` strong potential exists for confusion in mission , execution and the dilution of governors ' control over situations with which they are more familiar and better capable of handling than a federal military commander . ''
With slim prospects of congressional authorization for the scheme , in fact the 2008 language was removed from subsequent Defense spending legislation , other means were required . Playing bureaucratic hardball with the governors , this has now been accomplished by presidential fiat , further eroding clear constitutional limits on Executive Branch power .
These maneuvers as I have previously written [ 8 ] , have very little to do with responding to a catastrophic emergency . Indeed , EO 13528 is only the latest iteration of plans to expand the National Security State 's writ and as such , have everything to do with decades-old Continuity of Government ( COG ) programs kept secret from Congress and the American people .
Derided by neocons , neoliberals and other corporatists as a quaint backwater for `` conspiracy theorists '' railing against `` FEMA concentration camps , '' Continuity of Government , and the nexus of `` civil support '' programs that have proliferated like noxious weeds are no laughing matter .
Indeed , even members of Congress are considered `` unauthorized parties '' denied access `` to information on COG plans , procedures , capabilities and facilities , '' according to a Pentagon document ( see below ) published by the whistleblowing web site Wikileaks , as are the classified annexes of National Security Presidential Directive 51 and Homeland Security Presidential Directive 20 ( NSPD 51/HSPD 20 ) . In a new twist on administration promises of transparency and open government , even the redacted version of these documents have been removed from the White House web site .
As Antifascist Calling previously reported [ 9 ] , the Congressional Research Service issued a 46-page report in 2008 that provided details on the COG-related National Exercise Program , a `` civil support '' operation that war games various disaster scenarios .
Among other things , the document outlines the serious domestic implications of military participation in national emergency preparedness drills . CRS researchers pointed to the Reagan-era Executive Order 12656 ( EO 12656 ) [ 10 ] that `` directs FEMA to coordinate the planning , conduct , and evaluation of national security emergency exercises . '' EO 12656 defines a national security emergency as `` as any occurrence , including natural disaster , military attack , technological emergency , or other emergency that seriously degrades or seriously threatens the national security of the United States . ''
Such programs , greatly expanded by the Bush-era Homeland Security Presidential Directive 8 ( HSPD-8 ) , also removed from the White House web site , established `` a national program and a multi-year planning system to conduct homeland security preparedness-related exercises . '' CRS avers , `` The program is to be carried out in collaboration with state and local governments and private sector entities . ''
The Defense Department 's role during such emergencies were intended to focus `` principally on domestic incident management , either for terrorism or non terrorist catastrophic events . '' DoD would play a `` significant role '' in the overall response . Such murky definitions cover a lot of ground and are ripe with a potential for abuse by unscrupulous securocrats and their corporate partners .
The primary DoD entity responsible for `` civil support , '' a focus of Obama 's EO is USNORTHCOM and its active combat component , U.S. Army North . However , as with almost everything relating to COG and current plans under EO 13528 that propose to `` synchronize and integrate State and Federal military activities , '' USNORTHCOM 's role is shrouded in secrecy .
As researcher Peter Dale Scott revealed [ 11 ] in 2008 , when Congressman Peter DeFazio , Homeland Security Committee Chairman Bennie Thompson and Oversight Subcommittee Chairman Christopher Carney sought access to classified COG annexes , their request was denied by the White House . Scott wrote : `` DeFazio 's inability to get access to the NSPD Annexes is less than reassuring . If members of the Homeland Security Committee can not enforce their right to read secret plans of the Executive Branch , then the systems of checks and balances established by the U.S. Constitution would seem to be failing . ''
One hammer blow followed another . In 2008 , Army Times [ 12 ] reported , that the `` 3rd Infantry Division 's 1st Brigade Combat Team [ BCT ] has spent 35 of the last 60 months in Iraq patrolling in full battle rattle , helping restore essential services and escorting supply convoys . Now they 're training for the same mission—with a twist—at home . ''
Analyst Michel Chossudovsky commented [ 13 ] , `` What is significant in this redeployment of a US infantry unit is the presumption that North America could , in the case of a national emergency , constitute a 'war theater ' thereby justifying the deployment of combat units . '' According to Chossudovsky , `` The new skills to be imparted consist in training 1st BCT in repressing civil unrest , a task normally assumed by civilian law enforcement . ''
`` It is noteworthy , the World Socialist Web Site [ 14 ] commented , `` that the deployment of US combat troops 'as an on-call federal response force for natural or manmade emergencies and disasters ' ... coincides with the eruption of the greatest economic emergency and financial disaster since the Great Depression of the 1930s . ''
`` Justified as a response to terrorist threats , '' socialist critic Bill Van Auken averred , `` the real source of the growing preparations for the use of US military force within America 's borders lies not in the events of September 11 , 2001 or the danger that they will be repeated . Rather , the domestic mobilization of the armed forces is a response by the US ruling establishment to the growing threat to political stability . ''
Since USNORTHCOM 's deployment of a combat brigade on U.S. soil , the capitalist crisis has deepened and intensified . With unemployment at a post-war high and the perilous economic and social conditions of the working class growing grimmer by the day , EO 13258 is a practical demonstration of ruling class consensus when it comes to undermining the democratic rights of the American people .
After all , where the defense of wealth and privileges are concerned corporate thugs and war criminals have no friends , only interests ...
Man stabbed , woman beaten in Hayward BART Station attack
File photo of generic hospital emergency room . Close up of sign for emergency department in hospital File photo of generic hospital emergency room . Close up of sign for emergency department in hospital Photo : ERproductions Ltd / Getty Image Photo : ERproductions Ltd / Getty Image Image 1 of / 28 Caption Close Man stabbed , woman beaten in Hayward BART Station attack 1 / 28 Back to Gallery
Three assailants were being sought in connection with an attack in the parking lot of the Hayward BART station Sunday night in which a man was stabbed and a woman was beaten , officials said .
The attackers targeted the two victims , both 28 , about 9:20 p.m. in the parking lot of the station at 699 B. St. , said Alicia Trost , a BART spokesperson .
The man was taken to a hospital , where they underwent surgery for stab wounds described by police as non-life-threatening . The woman was treated at a hospital for facial injuries and released .
A motive for the attack is under investigation . The condition and names of the victims were not immediately released .
The assailants all appeared to be 30 to 40 years old , police said , but no detailed descriptions were released .
Sarah Ravani is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer . Email : sravani @ sfchronicle.com Twitter : @ SarRavani
As the 2005 school year got underway , a new requirement in a Pennsylvania public school district mandated that all 9th-grade biology students listen to a statement questioning the validity of evolutionary theory and promoting intelligent design . Eleven parents of students in the Dover Area School District sued the local school board in protest . Four months later a Republican judge in a Pennsylvania federal court ruled in favor of the parents , issuing an eloquent defense of evolutionary theory—and a scathing rebuke to those who support intelligent design ( ID ) as a scientific alternative .
Judge John E. Jones III wrote in the 139-page decision for Tammy Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District , named for one of the parents who brought the suit , that ID was not only unscientific but was also a front used by those on the school board with a religiously motivated , pro-creationist agenda .
`` ID 's backers have sought to avoid the scientific scrutiny , which we have now determined that it can not withstand by advocating that the controversy , but not ID itself , should be taught in science class , '' Jones wrote . `` This tactic is at best disingenuous , and at worst a canard . The goal of the ID movement is not to encourage critical thought , but to foment a revolution which would supplant evolutionary theory with ID . ''
Kitzmiller v. Dover was neither the first nor would it be the last time that challenges to evolution education would have their day in a U.S. court . In the five years since the decision in Pennsylvania several states have seen their own legal clashes over the issue , with each new battle spawning fresh sets of anti-evolution buzzwords as part of efforts to sidestep previous court rulings .
Jennifer Miller was one of the Dover biology teachers who refused to read the contentious ID statement in their class and testified in support of the parents during the 2005 hearings . Miller still works in the area 's school district , teaching honors biology to ninth graders and anatomy and physiology to 10th through 12th graders at Dover Area Senior High School . For the past four years they have also chaired the school 's science department . Scientific American spoke with Miller about the changes they have seen since the Kitzmiller v. Dover decision was handed down five years ago .
[ An edited transcript of the interview follows . ]
How has teaching evolution in your classroom changed in the five years since Kitzmiller v. Dover ?
Since Kitzmiller v. Dover I 've definitely changed how I teach . The biggest thing is probably that evolution used to be the last thing we got to in the semester . Sometimes we maybe had one week or two weeks to cover it . Now I put evolution first , and I refer back to it to show how important it is to all topics of biology .
The other thing that I really think has changed is how I cover evolution . I 'm no longer afraid to cover it in depth and to have in-depth conversations about evolution . I make sure I hit [ the concept of ] what is science and what is not , and how a scientific theory is very different from a `` theory '' that we use in everyday conversation .
A lot of teachers are wary of teaching evolution because of the controversy , and I was in that group—I did n't know if I could cover it , what I could say or could n't say . Now I do cover intelligent design , why it is not science , and why it should not be taught in a science classroom .
Are your current students aware of ( or do they care about ) the controversy and court battles that erupted over teaching evolution ? Do you address the controversy in class ?
I do n't know how much they 're aware . I do address it . I show them segments of the [ 2007 ] NOVA documentary [ about it ] . I make sure that I explain what happened . I make sure that I reiterate that I 'm not trying to go against their religious beliefs [ but ] that religion should not be part of the science curriculum . I try to explain why the controversy is out there and try to explain why the science is taught in my classroom .
The students do n't really ask pointed questions . I 've never in my years of teaching—and that 's 18 years—had a student come to me and say that they were hurt by something I taught in class . We have some good discussions . There are a lot of misconceptions out there about what evolution is . But once they get [ those ] out of their heads , it 's pretty common sense to see how evolution occurred , and they do n't have a problem with it .
Instead of pushing for ID as a scientific alternative to evolution , as they did in the past , creationists are now flying the banner of `` academic freedom '' and presentation of evolutionary theory 's `` strengths and weaknesses '' . Have you seen this trend in your school district ?
I have n't heard much about evolution since 2005 , at least in my district . I try to follow what 's out there so I know there 's been this push . I think if you explain to the kids , there is no `` controversy '' in the science—and I 'm teaching science—it does n't have to be a controversy . The saddest thing is when they make you pick one way or the other : If you believe in evolution then you ca n't be religious . There are a lot of scientists who are religious—they 're able to marry both of those things .
What do you think of the recent survey published in Science that showed that only 28 percent of biology teachers taught evolution effectively , 13 percent explicitly advocated for creationism , and the rest endorsed neither ?
It 's slightly surprising . But probably that large percentage of undecided are those who are afraid to decide one way or the other . It all has to do with their not being sure one way or the other . It 's troubling to read that . It does concern me .
What are some common mistakes that teachers make in teaching evolution ?
I think probably one mistake is just being afraid to teach it , because they 're not sure coming in what they can teach—what they can say , what they ca n't say . There needs to be a lot more education about how to teach to evolution . If they gloss over it , simply being afraid to teach it , that shows the kids that it 's not important .
And a pet peeve of mine is that , when I ask students , `` What do you think of when you hear the word evolution ? '' they say , `` Man from monkey . '' The first thing that people think of is that man came from monkeys . That 's not what evolution says , that 's a big misconception . I 'm not sure where they get it—I guess the media , parents , history books where they read about the Scopes `` Monkey '' Trial . The word evolution is tied to the word monkey .
How do you see teaching evolution in schools changing in the next five years ?
I wish that there were a lot more seminars so that people had more background in it . Maybe as we train new biology teachers—make sure that we give them what they really need to know—new teachers can arm themselves with the evidence that 's out there . There are tons and tons of evidence for evolution , and it keeps piling up . As a teacher it 's hard to stay on top of that .
Teachers must stay on top of this in case there is ever a school board member or community member who tries to institute the `` teach the controversy '' rhetoric in their classroom . I think that would be helpful . I hope in five years that people are n't so afraid of the topic , but I 'm not optimistic .
Because of where I teach , because of the court case , now I 'm probably the freest . But knowing school boards—the way they are and with the power they have—this could happen somewhere else . I used to be afraid of what I could or could not say . Who knows if that 's not happening in other places ?
Speaking about religion and science , I may have a very unconventional background . My father is a minister , so I obviously have a religious upbringing . Several science teachers in our district also happen to be preachers ' kids . My father has never had a problem with evolution and taught me that religion and science can live together . These are not mutually exclusive topics . It all depends on the way you 're brought up . I hope we can broaden student minds by not being afraid to teach it .
Justin Edinburgh took charge of Newport County in October 2011
League One Gillingham have appointed Newport County boss Justin Edinburgh as their new manager after agreeing compensation with the Welsh club .
The 45-year-old former Tottenham defender , who led Newport to promotion from the Conference in 2013 , leaves County sixth in the League Two tables .
Jimmy Dack and Wayne Hatswell have been placed in temporary charge of Newport .
Gillingham have been without a manager since Peter Taylor was sacked on New Year 's Eve .
Since then a four-man caretaker team comprising Andy Hessenthaler , Steve Lovell , Darren Hare and Mark Patterson has been in charge .
`` I 'm looking forward to the task at hand , it 's a step up for me and after watching the squad , there is development here and a fan base , '' said Edinburgh .
The Gills have won two of their five league games since Taylor 's departure and are currently 18th in League One , seven points off the play-off places and four points above the relegation zone .
China , India , Russia , and South Korea are all building nuclear plants both at home and in other countries . Therefore , nuclear energy will continue to play a role in mitigating the effects of climate change for the next 80 years . Why are these countries turning to nuclear energy ? Mainly due to the versatility and stability of nuclear generation . Nuclear power has the highest capacity factor of any low carbon dioxide-emitting power source . French reactors have demonstrated ability to load follow at high penetration . The use of nuclear energy to decarbonize a country 's economy has been demonstrated in both France and Sweden . But is this a good role for nuclear energy to play ?
Accidents involving nuclear reactors do have the potential to cause harm . The World Health Organization reports that 4,000 people will die due to the effects of radiation from exposure from Chernobyl . This includes approximately 50 immediate deaths in first responders who received the largest exposures at Chernobyl . Fukushima may result in 700 deaths , with most of these having occurred from the evacuation rather than from radiation . The two largest nuclear accidents in the last 30 years have a combined death toll of approximately 5,000 .
These deaths are unacceptable to the nuclear industry . Nuclear operators and manufacturers have incredible safety practices and share information through both the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations ( INPO ) and the World Association of Nuclear Operators ( WANO ) . Safety margins are increasing with time , and the newest reactor designs require no intervention from humans to ensure safety ( passive safety ) . To get a clear picture of the risk of using nuclear energy , we must compare these accidents to energy deaths that we face annually .
The US Energy Information Agency ( EIA ) predicts that 65 percent of the world 's electricity generation will be provided by fossil fuel generators in 2015 . Approximately 280,000 deaths due to combustion of fossil fuels will be recorded in 2015 ( calculated using mortality factors in a paper by climate scientists Pushker A. Kharecha and James E. Hansen ) . The World Health Organization estimates that another 150,000 dice annually from the current effects of climate change . In combination , 430,000 people die annually due to the effects of fossil fuels . It is amazing to me that the developed world is willing to allow fossil fuel-related deaths on this magnitude , to avoid the risk of rare nuclear accidents with low severity and risk that continues to decrease with time .
Combatting climate change is going to require taking immediate action based upon what current technology will support . I would urge immediate construction of electricity generation with the goal of reaching 40 percent nuclear , 40 percent renewables , and 20 percent fossil fuel generation by 2050 . This energy mix would greatly reduce the horrific magnitude of deaths from fossil fuels and would go a long way toward mitigating climate change . It is technically achievable as this energy generation mix is well within the capacity factor limit described by Jesse Jenkins , a doctoral student and researcher at MIT . No miracle scientific breakthroughs are necessary to reach these levels , but new information must be incorporated as it becomes available .
We must apply what we learn as we build out toward this generation mix . If nuclear plants start melting down ; if wind turbines start to decimate bat populations ; if solar installations start blinding pilots—we must adjust the energy mix based upon our new scientific understanding . Combating climate change requires scientific evaluation of data . We may not like what the science tells us , but basing energy policy on what we hope for is as unwise as inaction . If we wait to act on climate change for perfect sources of energy , it may end up being too late . Nuclear energy is a reliable , low carbon dioxide source of electricity that can and should be used to combat climate change .
At the House Financial Services Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance hearing on Wednesday , Rep. Maxine Waters ( D-CA ) said there are voices on the internet , specifically on Breitbart and YouTube , that want to kill them
`` I think we should focus a lot on domestic terrorism also . So I would like to ask again , given all that you have said about how difficult it is and the privacy concerns , do you have any thoughts about what we can do to begin to deal with the KKK , the white nationalists , the - the extremists , the Alt-Right ? '' Waters asked .
`` They 're on the internet , Breitbart , if you look at YouTube , you see how much they want to kill me and others . What can we do ? Anybody , any one of you , '' Waters said .
REP. MAXINE WATERS ( D-CA ) : Thank you very much , Mr. Chairman .
In the years since 9/11 , our nation has witnessed its share of attacks by homegrown violent extremists , inspired by foreign terrorist organizations . This includes the San Bernardino shooters , who tragically took the lives of 14 , and wounded 21 others , as well as Pulse nightclub shooter , who callously to the lives of 49 , and wounded another 53 innocent victims .
However , as the recent events in Charlottesville , which took the life of Heather Heyer and two VA state troopers , have reminded us , extremist radicalized by foreign terrorist groups are not the only terrorists with the capacity and will to target and kill American citizens . Indeed , domestic terrorist attacks have become more frequent in recent years .
I just took a look at what has happened since 1992 . Ruby Ridge standoff , three killed , two wounded ; Oklahoma City bombing , 168 killed , over 680 wounded ; 2009 United States Holocaust Memorial Museum shooting , one killed , one wounded ; 2012 Wisconsin temple shooting , killed six , wounded four ; 2013 Los Angeles International Airport shooting attack on TSA officer , killed one , wounded six ; 2015 Planned Parenthood shooting , killed three , wounded nine ; 2017 Portland train attack , killed two , wounded one ; Charlottesville car ram and attack , killed three , wounded 19 .
And I 'm worried about these domestic attacks . As a matter of fact , I was forced to focus on it a little bit more yesterday in my office in Los Angeles . One of the people opening the mail opened an envelope , and a bunch of powder fell out with a note about me dying , and killing Hillary Clinton , on , and on , and on .
This is getting more frequent . And I know that we have privacy concerns , and information sharing , and all of that . But I 'm wondering , what can we do to get a handle or fix on these lone killers ? And not simply just say we -- we throw our hands up , and we ca n't really do anything because of privacy concerns . And I 'm wondering , particularly in our financial institutions and banks , et cetera , if questionnaires that does not invade privacy , but simply ask questions about what the intentions are for the use of certain money under certain circumstances , and those people can say whatever they want to , and they can respond in whatever they -- way they want to .
But if resources are used to go out and commit killings , et cetera , they will have lied on the questionnaire , and perhaps that can trigger some kind of actions to begin to prevent this kind of domestic terrorism . I think we should focus a lot on domestic terrorism also . So I would like to ask again , given all that you have said about how difficult it is and the privacy concerns , do you have any thoughts about what we can do to begin to deal with the KKK , the white nationalists , the - the extremists , the Alt-Right ?
They 're on the internet , Breitbart , if you look at YouTube , you see how much they want to kill me and others . What can we do ? Anybody , any one of you .
Sean Spicer is reportedly set to move out of the role of White House press secretary . It 's not a surprising development . It would allow them to do something he 's probably wanted to do since Saturday , Jan. 21 :
Exhale .
Why are Saturday , Jan. 21 so notable ?
Well , that was the day Spicer ceased to become the Sean Spicer many in the D.C. press world liked and respected personally . It was also the beginning of the end of their role as press secretary despite officially being on the job for less than 24 hours .
ADVERTISEMENT
The scene that pivotal day was almost surreal to those watching at home and especially to those in the James S. Brady briefing room .
`` This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration–period–both in person and around the globe , '' Spicer declared .
`` Even the New York Times printed a photograph showing a misrepresentation of the crowd in the original Tweet in their paper , which showed the full extent of the support , depth in crowd , and intensity that existed , '' they said . `` These attempts to lessen the enthusiasm of the inauguration are shameful and wrong . ''
Spicer did n't take any questions and left reporters in the room looking at each other almost in disbelief .
After the press criticized them for not taking questions , things only got worse , via ( of all people ) actor and comedian Melissa McCarthy .
After McCarthy 's debut as Sean Spicer on Saturday Night Live , Vanity Fair wrote , `` Having fun with Spicer 's instantly caustic dynamic with the White House press corps , McCarthy channeled some of their more bombastic comedic characters in order to rip journalists to shreds from their bully pulpit . ( She also literally bullies them with their pulpit . ) , '' read the review by Joanna Robinson .
McCarthy aside , the president was reportedly never thrilled with Spicer as press secretary from the start . On a `` Fox & Friends '' interview in late February , Trump said , `` In terms of messaging , I would give myself a C or a C plus ... In terms of achievement , I think I 'd give myself an A . Because I think I 've done great things , but I do n't think I have — I and my people , I do n't think we 've explained it well enough to the American public . ”
Either way , what was likely the longest five months of their life comes to an end once a replacement is decided on . Spicer receives what is being characterized as a promotion to serve as the administration 's communications chief . Translation : He 'll serve as Reince Priebus 's deputy chief of staff , just like the old days at the RNC . For Sean Spicer , it was a learning experience that will end not with words at a podium , but a long exhale that goes with having one of the toughest white-collar jobs in the world ... ... particularly under a president who prefers to communicate directly and often without warning their own staff . Joe Concha ( @ JoeConchaTV ) is a media reporter for The Hill .
A new app called BeHere aimed at teachers uses Apple 's new Bluetooth LE iBeacon technology to recognize students and automatically take attendance as they enter a classroom .
With the BeHere app installed , the teacher 's iPad acts as an iBeacon and students entering the classroom with an iPhone , iPad , or iPod touch will automatically appear in the app with a profile picture and name . Students will have to install the app on their device too , but thanks to recent iBeacon improvements in iOS 7.1 , they wo n't have to even open the app or take the device out of their pocket to be recognized as they walk in .
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
The BeHere app also has a few other interesting features for the classroom environment . From within the app , students can tap a button to request help from a teacher . The teacher is then presented with an ordered queue of students waiting for assistance .
The company is currently testing the app with a number of partners at colleges , but the app is now available for all to download from the App Store .
iBeacon technology is quickly being adopted in many different settings since Apple first introduced it alongside iOS 7 last year . First rolling out in retail environments like the Apple Store and Macy 's , the technology is also being used at events like the recent SXSW festival and professional sporting events to allow for speedy check-in features and relevant location-based notifications . More apps have also been hitting the App Store recently too . A new app called ‘ Placed ' that we told you about recently allows users to setup context-aware app launching using iBeacons at home .
BeHere is available as a free download for iPhone , iPod touch , or iPad on the App Store .
BeHere from Beelieve on Vimeo .
Nobody was talking about Davilson Morais last week when there was a hysterical reaction to the news that every professional boxer was eligible for the Olympic tournament .
Morais is from the Cape Verde Islands , an archipelago of ten volcanic islands off the coast of west Africa with just over 500,000 inhabitants , and they are going to Rio to box in the super-heavyweight division . They should not be anywhere near Rio and that has nothing to do with the ludicrous threat that Wladimir Klitschko will box in the Olympics , which they will not and will never . There will not be one single recognisable professional boxer in Rio .
Morais reached Rio by double default when taking part in the African qualification event , held in Cameroon in March . They lost in the semi-final and then lost in the box-off for the one remaining spot against the other losing semi-finalist . However , Tunisia 's Ayman Trabelsi , who beat Morais in the box-off , declined the invitation and Morais was given the place on the plane to Rio . `` He is humbled by the gesture , '' said Flávio Furtado , the president of the Cape Verde Boxing Federation . The actual chronology of events in Cameroon is difficult to confirm , with conflicting results and there is a chance that Morais fought just the once .
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month
It means that Morais will box in Rio after winning just one fight , a scrappy prelim in Cameroon against Ghana 's Manny Sandyman , part of the Black Bomber squad . There is a twenty second clip of Morais losing in Cameroon and they look raw , vulnerable and open to just about any punch a decent fighter will throw . The GB team confirmed that they had no information on the Cape Verde boxer but did have thousands of hours of thousands of boxers going back nine years in their system , which is the envy of the boxing world .
Something similar happened at the London Olympics when AIBA , the governing body with exclusive rights to supply boxers for the Olympics , gave a tripartite card to Meji Mwanba from the Democratic Repuplic of Congo to enter the super-heavyweight tournament . Mwanba told me that they lacked experience because whenever they went to box there was not a headguard big enough to stay on their massive head and that meant they could not fight . `` Steve , it is a big problem for me . '' It was a sizeable lump of head , by the way .
Anyway , a local seamstress was drafted in and they constructed a vast helmet for Mwanba to wear in their first fight . Sadly , they were drawn against the reigning world amateur champion , a thumping Azeeri , who dislodged the headguard three times , broke Mwanba 's nose again and forced a stoppage in the second round . It was not pleasant to watch .
Mwanba should not have been anywhere near the ring in London because it is no place for Olympic tourism , no place for plucky Eric the Eel sideshows and that is why the inclusion of Morais concerns me . The line-up for the super-heavyweights in Rio has too many hardened veterans from the WSB and the APB , two AIBA alternatives to tradition amateur boxing that have become popular since 2012 . In the APB and WSB the men are topless , there are no headguards and they fight between five and ten rounds , but are still eligible for the Olympic event , which is over three rounds .
The fighters from the WSB and APB should not be allowed anywhere near the soft-bellied Cape Verde hero : the tragedy is that the days of men like Morais - chubby no-hopers with a looping left hook and a nation in expectation watching - taking part in the Olympics will end in Rio . The real debate is whether fighters from the APB and WSB , both of which have been legally infiltrated by professional boxers , should be in Rio ; I suspect that every gold will be won by an APB or WSB fighter .
The pathetic hysterical reactions to professionals taking part in the Olympics from last week , were four years too early and in Tokyo the history of Olympic boxing will be obliterated by the arrival of real professionals , seasoned professionals and famous professionals . The amateurs like Mwanba and Morais with their big heads , big hearts and big bellies will be gone forever . Morais might not have a chance in Rio of getting a sniff of a medal but they qualified legitimately for the Olympics and it is the highest playing field they will ever be on - the same can not be said of the professionals from the WSB or the APB .
Morais and Wwanba are pure Olympians , lambs to the slaughter and part of a vanishing breed .
Kilroy was there
Gene Kilroy carried the coffins at the funerals of both of Muhammad Ali 's parents and will be in Louisville for their friend 's funeral this week . I hope they are given the microphone . Kilroy is the last remaining member of Ali 's inner circle and a great man .
Keep up to date with all the latest news with expert comment and analysis from our award-winning writers
Where are you the funniest , smartest , most Facetuned version of yourself ? This week , the Cut explores the complexities , vanities , and pitfalls of self-presentation online
We 'll call them Michael , and my friend Demi was obsessed with him .
An image search of their name would turn up a nightmarish panoply of “ that guy ” -ism : Bathroom mirror shots . Whole triptychs dedicated to their bed-mussed hair . Step-and-repeats . What seemed like hundreds of photographs he 'd taken of glistening splorts of sea urchin on dickish black flatware .
Demi would vigilantly patrol Michael 's social-media accounts and alert me whenever they committed a fresh new crime against human decency there . Sometimes , he 'd try to engage minor celebrities on Twitter . Other times , he 'd complain for multiple paragraphs on Facebook about luggage latches . It was horrible .
“ This idiot , ” she 'd text , sending a screenshot of them doing that thing where you pretend to pinch the Eiffel Tower , captioned with 80 hashtags and a sprinkling of teen slang . Or , “ Kill yourself already ! ” she 'd write , with a link to something they posted about how a famous person dying had individually affected him .
But Demi loved him . Because they were their boyfriend .
It is part of the modern condition to pose and posture online , and it can be very fun to make fun of the various ways in which people make asses of themselves . But the unfiltered nature and open playing field of social media make it easy to forget that it 's all a performance . In person , Michael was great ! Really and truly . Their terrible use of social media was part deliberate schtick and part stone-cold , childlike buffoonery , but it was all very lovable . ( You know , like Entourage . ) Demi adored Michael the person but eventually , they realized that keeping tabs on them made it harder for them to separate the real guy from the Scarlett Johansson Them guy .
The gap between public and private personae used to be the exclusive concern of entertainers , but now anybody who wants to can live Martin . Plenty of prestige bloggery has been devoted to analyzing the phenomenon of “ social-media happiness fraud , ” which we 've somehow elevated to Russian-novel levels of agony : Those people posing in bikinis ? Do n't feel too envious of them , we 've been told , for they are dead inside , too .
The ability to “ research ” people this way has already been catastrophic for casual dating , as we 've all been forced to reduce other human beings to a series of forensic clues so as not to be murdered or have a boring two hours at a restaurant . While certainly expedient , the newish convention of deciding whether you like somebody before you have ever been in their physical presence is both depressing and a teensy bit unfair . Doing it to people we are already in actual relationships with is bananas and horrible . I 've had to defend friends to the friends I 'm trying to set them up with by saying things like “ She 's not like this in person. ” It is possible to excessively photograph your cat and be lovely to spend time with . It would be cool if we could just maybe start giving people the benefit of the doubt on this .
I get the impulse to see what the people we 're currently having sex with , or wish we were , are up to . But maybe do n't ! Just a thought . Because — surprise ! — sometimes , the stuff people do online is fake . We all suck at it , because ultimately , it is pretty dumb . You know that job where you teach people to be good at social media ? Not real ! Does n't exist . There is no being good at social media , because it is a horror show . Being popular online is like being popular in middle school : Congratulations , you 're the king of the worst .
I have friends who have admitted to feeling as though they have entirely different personalities on Facebook and in real life . At first that sounds kind of terrifying and serial-killer-y , but the thing is , it 's understandable . To front is human . The danger here is thinking we know people based on what we know OF them . In Jane Austen 's day , you at least had to be in a room with someone before completely misinterpreting them — now , it 's possible to do that for whole years with people you will never be close enough to touch with a longish stick .
Certainly , part of this is probably very self-serving . I am a comedy writer , and because I am a lazy one , I have for several years enjoyed using social media to make sport of the most shopworn , apocalyptically used-up of dead-horse , unfunny nonjokes : being single . If I were potentially going to go out with me , I would hate this about me . I 'd look at my Twitter feed and be like , “ Gross , no thanks. ” A guy I went out with had such a horror of my heartbreak jokes on Twitter that no amount of explanation could convince them that nothing I said there was ( a ) real or ( b ) about him . I realize that it makes me seem vaguely disturbed to tweet about being lonely or having one-night stands while being ensconced in a relationship , but it 's like they had never even heard of Tony Clifton . ( Who would not want to be regularly inside a lady Tony Clifton ? Their loss ! )
It was probably one of a zillion factors that broke us up . But — like my pal Demi and their doofy performance-piece shitshow of a boyfriend — they could n't ignore that side of me . I wanted to say to him , I 'm not that me . I 'm other me . Please love the that is not that me .
And I know what you 're saying to yourself : “ Well , the obvious solution here is just to be who you are on the internet and in real life. ” Oh , is it ? Is that the obvious solution , analogue genius ? Because I do n't know how to do that , and I do n't think you do , either .
If you do , please tell me , but just know that our interaction will vary based on your method of contact — so choose whether you 'd like to speak to “ phone me , ” “ email me , ” “ Facebook me , ” or that scary voice from The Exorcist .
Are you designing a blog ? Make sure to check out this showcase because you 'll find plenty of creative and beautiful blog designs here .
AIAIAI
Daniel Spatzek Newsblog
Carlos Molina
Industry West Magazine
The Dowse Art Museum
Sivert Høyem
Adventure.com
Dishoom
CP+B
Taste of Sundays
Beyond Blog
The blog of Travis Ladue
TRÜF Blog
Terra Nullius
Hyperquake
MOODBOARD
The Mixd Blog
Anchour Blog
Scottie and Russell
Mammoth Media Blog
Wray Ward Blog
InVision Blog
Good Morning
Urban Influence
Metaverse Blog
Form
AIGA
Made Publishers
RAW-Fi
Industry Standard
Minimal Monkey
Molly & Me Pecans
A Chronology
Grovemade Blog
Nixon
adaptable .
Miagui
The Airbnb Blog
Dribbble Blog
Eight Arms
15 Days in Japan
The Loppist
Frank Chimero
Manual
Baku 2015 Liveblog
Chilli
Purgo Tea
Webydo
Typeset Design
Fubiz Media News
Discussion Points
What design trends do you see in modern blogs ?
What is the role and purpose of blogs today ?
How does a blog help you move towards your objectives ?
Share your response in the comments .
Related Content
Jacob Gube is the founder of Six Revisions . He 's a front-end developer . Connect with them on Twitter and Facebook .
I 've had some problems with my Docker images and docker-compose configuration . Let 's analyze following docker-compose.yml file :
version : ' 2 ' services : database : image : postgres application : image : registry.example.com/our-application command : node ports : - 80:80
Do you see anything wrong here ? Probably not , because file is perfectly OK . But there 's a problem !
When you run docker-compose up , docker starts all containers at the same time . And there 's a race - application is trying to connect to database , which may be still initializing . Typical reaction to not available database is crash . And because it 's race , you probably wo n't see this everytime . Intermediate solution is to add restart : always to our application config , to retry until DB start responding . Can we do better ? Sure .
Dockerize
I found a great , little tool to help with such problems . It 's called Dockerize and can be found on Github .
Firsly , we need to add in to our application Dockerfile ( copied from README ) :
ENV DOCKERIZE_VERSION v0.4.0 RUN wget https : //github.com/jwilder/dockerize/releases/download/ $ DOCKERIZE_VERSION/dockerize-linux-amd64- $ DOCKERIZE_VERSION.tar.gz \ & & tar -C /usr/local/bin -xzvf dockerize-linux-amd64- $ DOCKERIZE_VERSION.tar.gz \ & & rm dockerize-linux-amd64- $ DOCKERIZE_VERSION.tar.gz
Next , let 's modify our docker-compose.yml file :
services : ... application : image : registry.example.com/our-application command : dockerize -wait tcp : //database:5432 node ...
No more race ! Dockerize delay start of our command until database is available . Not just started - it 's waiting for connections . That 's a difference between Dockerize and depends_on .
In it 's core , Dockerize is a wrapper . dockerize our_normal_command just calls our command . But optionally , we can add parameters to delay execution , perform file templating or redirect output from files to STDOUT/STDERR . Very common and useful operations in a Docker world .
Examples :
# redirect files to stdout and stderr dockerize \ -stdout info.log \ -stdout perf.log \ ... # wait for 2 services with 10s timeout dockerize \ -wait tcp : //db:5432 \ -wait http : //web:80 \ -timeout 10s \ ... # template option dockerize \ -template nginx.tmpl : nginx.conf \ ...
Template example ( it 's GO templating syntax ) :
http { server_name { { .Env.HOST } } ; port { { .Env.PORT } } ; location / { proxy_pass http : // { { .Env.UPSTREAM } } ; } }
Conclusion
I 'm using Dockerize for long time now , and it really made my life easier . If you have similar problems , I encourage you to give it a try .
Last year a Hitman game was released with a trailer that was widely derided for a poor ( read : offensive ) portrayal of the women 's role in the games industry . It was a fair call , too . The games industry is now the most important entertainment industry on the planet , and with that comes a responsibility to be part of the global culture . It 's no longer good enough to make games for male pubescents . Just as the film industry has learned that exploitation and sexploitation is generally a bad thing , we all hoped that that Hitman trailer would kick-start a maturing of the games industry.And then CD Projekt Red went and released this trailer for its upcoming game : Notice the half-naked women positioned in a submissive position as a gang of masculine-looking figures unload a hailstorm of bullets on her ? It 's hard to miss , that 's the entire trailer . No context ( other than a token 'this is cyberpunk and she 's a robot , so this is totally OK , boys ' in the accompanying press release ) , no characterisation . Nothing more than graituitous slow-motion grindhouse-style sexualised violence.I ca n't say I 'm surprised with this trailer . CD Projekt Red proved with The Witcher games that it makes some incredible games , with a very juvenile understanding of sex . Women are invariably prizes or vampire-style enemies that are to be as feared as desired in they typical CD Projekt Red game , and this new game seems to be following that tradition in style.It 's a pity , because CD Projekt Red games are incredible . The Witcher 2 is my favourite western-style RPG since the original Baldur 's Gate , as cringeworthy as its portrayal of women is . I have no doubt whatsoever that this game will also be incredible.So why the heck do they feel like they need to prove the critics of the games industry right ? At a time when people are looking for excuses to dismiss the games industry as a legitimate art form , why release a trailer that proves to them that this is still a boy 's industry tailored for people lacking social skills ? The description of the trailer , from Adam Badowski , CD Projekt Red studio head : Comments for this story are now closed . Unfortunately my prediction was right and this topic was never going to generate a reasonable debate . My apologies to anyone who wanted to have a civil discussion on the topic .
Our data and analytics loving sister company CrunchBase is partnering with Compass ( the minds behind the 2012 Startup Genome Project ) on a new study to provide a taxonomy for global startup ecosystems .
The two are collaborating on a new survey of startups worldwide to measure the development of startup and entrepreneurial culture against 40 other international hubs .
Three years ago , the 2012 Startup Ecosystem Report provided research and analytics on the global expansion of early stage , high growth , companies .
Cited by everyone from Barack Obama to Germany 's chancellor Angela Merkel , they initial startup report helped map a newly flourishing economy .
However , the explosive growth of venture investing necessitates an updated version of the study , according to Bjoern Lasse Herrmann , the chief executive at Compass .
“ There is almost nothing more important to the global economy , ” Herrmann says . “ As the Industrial Economy falls away with increasing speed and half the world 's current jobs will be replaced by software , it becomes critical to build thoughtful programs to nurture the entrepreneurial renaissance that will take its place . ”
The benchmarks and illustrations that CrunchBase and Compass can provide are useful for governments , entrepreneurs and investors .
Increasingly , the global economy will be defined by the startups and entrepreneurs that are making tomorrow 's technologies a reality , according to Herrmann , and a nation 's strength will continue to rest on the shoulders of hundreds of innovative small businesses .
“ Entrepreneurs need to benchmark their performance against their relevant peers around the world as competition will be increasingly global . And governments need to benchmark their ecosystems , ” Herrmann said in a statement . “ Many leaders are happy to see growth , but do n't realize they 're falling further and further behind their peers . Seeing the trends of winners and losers will be especially enlightening . ”
The previous 2012 Startup Ecosystem Report mapped startup ecosystems in Silicon Valley , Tel Aviv , Los Angeles , Seattle , New York City , Boston , London , Toronto , Vancouver , Chicago , Paris , Sydney , São Paulo , Moscow , Berlin , Waterloo , Singapore , Melbourne , Bangalore and Santiago .
The 2015 report is angling to map a broader landscape . In addition to the data collection , qualitative deeper dives into several geographies
CrunchBase and Compass expect to publish the report in May 2015 .
PoliZette Former Cincinnati Mayor : Jay-Z Rally for Hillary ‘ Absurd and Sick ' First black major party nominee for Ohio governor blasts Clinton , says voters owed apology for divisive rally
In their increasing desperation to boost lagging turnout among traditionally Democratic young and black voters , Hillary Clinton deployed rapper Jay-Z and their wife Beyoncé to the campaign trail Friday night .
The pair , both staunch supporters of the Black Lives Matter movement , appeared at a rally/concert in support of Clinton .
“ It is utterly despicable that Hillary Clinton would associate themselves with such an individual much less have them as a featured guest and performer at their campaign events . ”
Advertisement
Ken Blackwell , former mayor of Cincinnati and the first African-American to be nominated by either party in Ohio for the governorship , was not amused .
“ Last night in my home state of Ohio , Hillary Clinton had a rally in which controversial performing artist , Jay-Z , parachuted into our state to perform and attempt to energize Ohio Democratic voters , ” Blackwell wrote in a Facebook post on Saturday .
“ During their controversial performance , in which they uttered one expletive after another , including vile words attacking women , Jay-Z said that Donald Trump was too divisive to be president , ” Blackwell continued .
“ Yet this is the same ‘ artist ' and Clinton supporter , who in their video , ‘ No Church In The Wild , ' opens with an unruly mob lighting and tossing Molotov cocktails at police officers , followed by vicious attacks and rioting against those police officers , ” Blackwell continued .
“ This seems a rather odd Hollywood elitist choice for Mrs. Clinton to fly in and attack Donald Trump as divisive . Jay-Z is their idea of displaying unity ? ” Blackwell wrote . “ Once again the clinton [ sic ] campaign is associating with people who incite violence while blaming the Trump campaign for being divisive . Absurd and sick . ”
Advertisement
Blackwell is surely correct . It is stunning that a candidate whose central campaign theme is “ stronger together ” would so be comfortable trotting out pop culture figures who have vilified police .
“ It is utterly despicable that Hillary Clinton would associate themselves with such an individual much less have them as a featured guest and performer at their campaign events. ” Blackwell said . “ Jay-Z is hardly the role model we want for future generations . Their disgusting and vile language and songs , and their own divisive nature , suggest anything but unity . ”
[ lz_related_box id= ” 200339″ ]
Blackwell said Clinton 's use of Jay-Z to rally supporters proves that their presidency would continue the divisive racial politics of the Obama administration . “ If featuring someone from the liberal Hollywood elite with such a vile nature , who produces music and videos of mobs attempting to attack and harm our nation 's finest , is Mrs. Clinton 's idea of a call for unity it is nothing short of disgusting and divisive in and of itself , ” Blackwell wrote .
“ If this is an example of Mrs. Clinton 's rallying cry for unity , electing their president will bring four more years of division and gridlock and utter devastation for our great country , ” they said . “ Hillary Clinton and the Clinton campaign should be ashamed of themselves and they should apologize to the people of Ohio . ”
As the One Center City project proposes removing SR 520 buses from Downtown Seattle , minor design flaws at UW Station will become all the more prominent , and the success of truncating buses at UW depends on fixing them . There is enormous promise for the concept . Route 545 , for example , spends half its running time between International District and Montlake , which is only 25 % of the route by distance . Turning Route 545 buses back at UW ( or turning them all into 542s ) could potentially nearly double frequency in the corridor and permanently spare riders the pain of slogging along 4th , 5th , Stewart , Olive , and Howell .
But the drawbacks to UW Station transfers are numerous :
WSDOT will not grant priority to buses on the 2-lane Montlake offramp , fearful ( possibly correctly ) that the backup would start earlier , blocking access to a bus lane and canceling out any gains . And in any case , construction will mess it all up again in 2018 .
UW refuses to let buses use any of its E-19 parking lot for bus bays , removing the simplest and most direct option for accessing UW Station . Without it , all buses serving UW Station from Montlake must wait for a signalized left turn onto Pacific , after which riders are forced to re-cross Montlake on foot or walk up and around via the pedestrian bridge .
Unable to turn around at UW Station , buses from Montlake must travel at least as far west at 15th/Campus Parkway , wasting service hours .
To get a feel for the transfer , yesterday I took a test trip from International District Station to Evergreen Point and back at 3pm . On the way out , I took Sound Transit 545 , and on the return trip I took Sound Transit 542 and transferred to Link . The bus trip was a best-case scenario , free-flowing and on time , clocking in at 22 minutes . The return trip via 542 + Link was seven minutes slower overall , at 29 minutes .
Look at the graphic above . Under a best-case bus scenario , Link with the transfer was 7 minutes slower overall , but 1 minute faster in travel time . Under any sort of surface congestion , Bus + Link can beat bus alone . Bus + Link was only slower due to design factors that make the transfer unnecessarily difficult .
1 minute waiting for the bus to turn left on Pacific Street away from the station
2.5 minutes to walk to the station elevator across Montlake Boulevard
3.5 minutes to wait for a crushloaded elevator ( because half the escalators were down )
2 minutes of Downtown Tunnel congestion ( due to shared bus-rail operations )
Fixing these design or reliability issues could have shaved 9 minutes off of my trip , allowing me to catch the prior train . The 20 minute trip time would have faster than the best-case bus scenario , and nearly twice as fast as a bus in heavy traffic .
At STB , we 've long been in favor of smart bus-rail integration , and we have a bias towards creating a convenient grid of high frequency routes and painless transfers . This is especially the case at high capacity rail stations with frequent , fast , and reliable service . At their best , bus truncations to serve rail stations free up a dividend of service that can boost frequency throughout the system , improving the experience for everyone . At their worst , truncations add needless complexity to a network and introduce additional points of possible failure for any given trip .
Micro design decisions can carry enormous weight in deciding if restructuring is a time-saving or time-wasting endeavor for riders . Fix them and One Center City can be seen not as shared sacrifice for a pending disaster , but an opportunity to make the system better for everyone .
For our previous thoughts on Bus-Rail integration at UW , we 've reprinted our ( still relevant ) 2015 post after the jump…
The Problem
Of the two stations scheduled to open in 2016 as part of the U-Link extension , the UW Station has both the most potential and the most challenges for improved bus-rail integration . This station , which is located on the east side of the Montlake Triangle , is isolated from the UW Campus and UW Medical Center by Montlake Boulevard NE , NE Pacific Street and NE Pacific Place .
Currently , the nearest pair of bus stops to the UW Station are located on NE Pacific Street in front of the UW Medical Center . These stops are roughly 900-1,000 feet away , approximately a 4-5 minute walk . While this might be acceptable for less important transfers , it is long for such an important one , particularly if Metro proposes restructures that significantly increase transfers to Link .
Metro staff have said in the past that they were looking at moving the northbound stop by the UW Medical Center several hundred feet east of its current location , but have not yet released any solid plans . Although this would help some , the walking distance for the northbound stop would still be 800 feet , with the southbound stop still over 1,000 feet away from the station .
The State Legislature recognized this challenge as far back as 2010 and asked WSDOT to study changes to improve transfers in the Montlake Triangle area as part of the SR-520 project . While the study was informative and made several good suggestions , it does not reflect Sound Transit and Metro 's new vision of an integrated , user-friendly transit system .
Integration Opportunities
Fast and reliable bus-rail transfers are n't rocket science , but they generally require early and integrated station design efforts . Mercer Island Station is an excellent example of how early station design efforts can make bus-rail transfer seamless . Designing stations with high-quality transfers in mind allows transit planners to improve the transit system as it evolves and grows .
Much to our excitement , Metro is already working with the public on bus system restructures that will improve transit service on Capitol Hill , in the U-District and in greater Northeast Seattle . By improving connections to the fast and reliable U-Link extension and redeploying service hours , Metro will be able to bring greater coverage and frequency to the entire system . The restructured transit system could also improve local feeder service between UW Station and rest of the the U-District , providing access to Link until the U-District Station opens in 2021 .
Consolidation of Sound Transit and Metro service on SR-520 , with routes terminating at the UW Station , also has the potential of providing a more frequent and connected Eastside transit network , and better service to UW , while freeing up operating hours for improved frequency and coverage for Eastside passengers to destinations like SLU . The travel time competitiveness would likely depend most on the speed and reliability of the SR-520 to UW Station connection , quality of schedule integration ( like timed transfers or pulse systems ) , and the quality of the bus-rail transfer .
Bus Routing Concept
The figure above shows a concept of how buses could be better integrated with the station . It details three bus routing alignments : one for routes heading through the Montlake Triangle area ( local and SR-520 ) , a second for local routes terminating at UW Station , and a third for SR-520 routes terminating at UW Station . Most of these routing options could take advantage of existing , repurposed , or new bus only lanes and roads to avoid congestion . The concept works with or without a second Montlake bridge and the existing bus stops by the UW Medical Center will be preserved . Below are details for each routing alignment .
Through Routes : This routing alignment would bring buses like the 43 , 48 , and 271 closer to the UW Station . After crossing the Montlake Bridge ( using the right lane which is less congested ) , northbound buses would turn right and travel through the E12 parking lot on a new bus only path , serving a new stop just south of the UW Station before continuing to the existing stop at the UW Medical Center . Southbound buses would turn left onto NE Pacific Place , first serving the UW Medical Center stop and then serving a new stop under the UW Station pedestrian bridge on Montlake Boulevard NE . Routes would continue to serve the existing bus stop by the UW Medical Center .
This routing alignment would bring buses like the 43 , 48 , and 271 closer to the UW Station . After crossing the Montlake Bridge ( using the right lane which is less congested ) , northbound buses would turn right and travel through the E12 parking lot on a new bus only path , serving a new stop just south of the UW Station before continuing to the existing stop at the UW Medical Center . Southbound buses would turn left onto NE Pacific Place , first serving the UW Medical Center stop and then serving a new stop under the UW Station pedestrian bridge on Montlake Boulevard NE . Routes would continue to serve the existing bus stop by the UW Medical Center . Local Terminating Routes : This routing alignment would be similar to the current route 44 alignment , but buses would layover directly adjacent to the UW Station . Each route would ideally have its own layover bay , allowing for a pulse based bus system which reduces rail to bus transfer times . Read more about pulse or “ timed transfer ” here .
This routing alignment would be similar to the current route 44 alignment , but buses would layover directly adjacent to the UW Station . Each route would ideally have its own layover bay , allowing for a pulse based bus system which reduces rail to bus transfer times . Read more about pulse or “ timed transfer ” here . SR-520 Terminating Routes : This routing alignment would be used for routes like the 255 and 545 . Traveling from SR-520 , buses would travel north along Montlake Boulevard NE and drop off passengers at a bus stop just west of the UW Station . Empty buses would then loop around , laying over with local terminating routes . Traveling back to SR-520 , buses would use a new transit only westbound left turn at Montlake Boulevard NE and NE Pacific Street . This routing alignment has the most significant technical issues and would need detailed analysis .
Challenges
While better bus-rail integration would have a host of benefits , there are also a variety of challenges . Consolidation and termination of SR-520 buses at UW Station could increase travel times to or from downtown during some times of day if bus-rail schedule integration is poor or there is no mitigation for congestion on Montlake Boulevard NE . Local routes would also see several minutes of additional travel time through the Montlake Triangle area . Major events like UW football games , although infrequent , would also likely require special accommodations .
In addition , routing of buses onto UW property would require a willingness on its part of the UW to facilitate and support this change . SDOT and WSDOT would need to coordinate on a variety of changes , including signal timing changes that may increase congestion . Support from the Montlake community would also be desirable . Finally , Sound Transit and Metro would need to study , plan , design , and finance a host of capital and operational changes in roughly a year .
The Takeaway
The opening of U-Link will be a game changer . Sound Transit and Metro have the chance to build an integrated , user-friendly transit system and I hope this concept gets Metro , Sound Transit , WSDOT , SDOT , UW and the public thinking about how bus-rail integration at UW Station can be improved . I put this concept forward as a starting point for that discussion .
Departing in the early morning from Phnom Penh , a six hour bus ride brings us across the Vietnamese border and into the sprawling city of Ho Chi Minh . From there we make our way to the coastal city of Den Do , where the Mekong meets the Sea . Writing and Colour Photographs by Luc Forsyth , Black and White Photographs by Gareth Bright , Videography by Pablo Chavanel . About the authors
`` A River 's Tail started as few serious endeavours should - with Rambo II . ''
A River 's Tail started as few serious endeavours should - with Rambo II . Dubbed into Vietnamese by overly enthusiastic voice actors , none of the local passengers seemed bothered in the least by Sylvester Stallone 's killing spree through the Mekong Delta . Many chuckled periodically as their fictitious countrymen fell to Rambo 's merciless knife . Col. Trautman : “ Where are you going John ? ” John Rambo : “ I do n't know. ” As inappropriate as the film selection on a Phnom Penh - Ho Chi Minh City ( Saigon ) bus route may have been , we found an unlikely counterpoint to our own feelings of uncertainty about the journey ahead in Rambo 's ever-stoic words . After months of endless preparation and speculation about how to best document the health of the Mekong River and the stories of the people living from its waters , we were less than an hour from the Vietnam border with no real picture of what lay ahead .
`` The French , it would seem , have little love for Rambo.​ ''
Looking across the isle of the bus , Pablo Chavanel , the project 's chief videographer , was shooting sporadic b-roll footage of the dusty Cambodian countryside while glancing indifferently at the blaring TV screen . In contrast , fellow photographer Gareth Bright - an unapologetic fan of the Rambo series - had their eyes glued to the film , impossibly uncomfortable though they were with our 20kg aerial camera drone wedged under their legs . Where were we going ? Perhaps more importantly , what would we do when we got there ? Documenting the entirety of the Mekong from sea to source over a one year period seemed like a fairly straightforward idea during our project meetings in Phnom Penh 's coffee shops , but as we drove further and further from the comforts of our apartments , our best laid plans seemed meaningless in the face of the vagaries ahead .
When the middle aged Vietnamese man in the seat next to me turned their iPad to full volume , the bus ' on board wifi allowing them to stream Justin Bieber 's “ Baby ” to their heart 's content , I glanced towards my colleagues to see Pablo drifting into sleep . The French , it would seem , have little love for Rambo .
Heading South
The border station at Bavet/Moc Dai ( the respective Cambodian and Vietnamese towns ) , provided subtle insights into the cultural and political differences between the two countries . While the Cambodian side was comprised of a relatively welcoming collection of squat pseudo-traditional tiled structures , the hard grey concrete of Vietnam 's immigration checkpoint - alternately adorned with the red and yellow of the Vietnamese flag and the hammer and sickle banners of the Communist party - seemed far more imposing . And while we passed through without any problems , save for a cursory ( and surprisingly disinterested ) inspection of our Star Wars-looking aerial camera drone , officially arriving on Vietnamese soil made the start of the project all the more real .
`` How exactly were we going to pull this off ? Where were we going ? ​ ''
We entered Saigon a few hours later , changed our dollars into dong ( Vietnamese currency ) , and secured a musty dorm room for the night . Our fixer/translator , Mi , arrived late that evening and after a quick meeting to get to know each other and discuss our departure time the next day , we took to our beds . With the approach of sleep the unanswerable questions returned - how exactly were we going to pull this off ? Where were we going ?
The next morning , over a bowl of wanton soup , Mi pointed out a few possible starting locations on their smartphone based on the minimal criteria we had given her : “ We want to see where the Mekong ends. ” After conferring over distances and travel times with the driver we had hired to help us move around the sprawling Mekong delta ( a relentlessly energetic young man who asked us to call them Stephen ) we opted to head for the coastal province of Tan Thanh . In theory , the plan was simple . Get to the sea and then follow the river back to Cambodia , meeting as many people along the way as possible .
“ You look like Vin Diesel . I drive like Vin Diesel . Fast and Furious . ”
Stephen , dressed smartly in dark slacks and a blue button down shirt ( neither of which we ever saw them wear again , as they apparently discerned quite quickly we were not formal types ) , piloted their Toyota Zace 4x4 towards the ocean , stopping only once , at a gaudy roadside restaurant appropriately named The Mekong Rest Stop . As we stood around the car sipping terribly strong coffee , Stephen made the first quip in what was to become a profoundly unorthodox ( and wonderful ) working relationship . Staring at Pablo 's shaved head they noted gravely , “ You look like Vin Diesel . I drive like Vin Diesel . Fast and Furious . ”
The Eastern Sea
At its terminus , the Mekong and the sea are barely distinguishable from one another . The river 's sediment-laden water and the ocean 's chop blend together organically , and it is difficult to tell exactly where one ends and the other begins . The only noticeable difference was in the concentration of tourists - nearly all Vietnamese apart from us - who flocked around the coastal seawall , but seemed completely disinterested in the river banks .
`` The scene would have been wonderfully picturesque had it not been for the plastic . ''
We spent most of the remaining daylight bouncing back and forth between the river and the seashore trying to find the first traces of a story . Looking past the throngs of seafood-hungry tourists , our first impressions of the coast were mixed . A beautiful if aging pier extended a few hundred meters out into the water and made for an idyllic evening backdrop , while clam harvesters worked the beach , their backs hunched towards the sand . Stilted wooden houses stood above the tides , their windows opened to receive the sea breeze .
The scene would have been wonderfully picturesque had it not been for the plastic . An endless mottled mass of shopping bags and Styrofoam food containers in various states of decay were bunched around the foundational pylons of the community . After spending more than 12 years in Southeast Asia collectively , we were all aware that the economic realities of lower class life in the region prevent many people from making carbon free lifestyle choices . We understood it was neither fair nor realistic to expect that nearby farmers living near the poverty line could switch to reusable shopping bags or washable diapers , but the sight of such heavy pollution at the absolute start of a long trip was disquieting nonetheless . Where exactly was it coming from and where did it go , we wondered ? What did it mean in relation to human and animal health ?
Deciding that the touristic nature of the seaside made it an unsuitable place to question locals on the health of the water , we returned to the Mekong . In the quiet town of Den Do , we stopped at a concrete pier and chatted with a few men who were squatting idly , smoking cigarettes . Den Do , they said , was all about shrimp .
`` ​Twenty minutes later , a dilapidated wooden vessel pulled alongside and seemingly out of nowhere dozens of men , women , and children rushed out to meet it . ''
Twenty minutes later , a dilapidated wooden vessel pulled alongside and seemingly out of nowhere dozens of men , women , and children rushed out to meet it . In a frenzy of activity the cargo hold of the ship was emptied of it 's catch ; shrimp did indeed seem to be the main business . Through Mi we learned that the community was entirely reliant on the ocean for their living and used the river solely as a means of transportation and distribution . Though it was n't exactly the Mekong-centric start to the trip that we might have imagined , we decided that if that was the reality , then that is what we would start with . With Mi 's help we secured the permission of a gravel-voiced boat captain to join their crew for the next morning 's fishing .
With a 3:30 a.m. wake up looming , we sought out an early dinner . Too tired to look for other options , we ordered from the first restaurant we could find . For a reason that never was made clear to us , the owner was strongly opposed to cooking by any other means than by boiling everything together in a single pot . Yet as we grumbled our acceptance , Stephen leapt into action , forcing their way into their kitchen and shouting for cooking utensils . Ordering three nonplussed cooks to prep specific vegetables and bring them pans , they deftly stir-fried three full courses of clams , shrimp , and squid . When they finally joined us at the table , they brushed off our bemused stares .
“ I can drive like Vin Diesel . And I can cook. ” And cook they could . With seemingly half the ocean in our stomachs we found the closest guest house - a sparse and mildewy building shared by a family of dogs who barked furiously at our slightest move - and bedded down for a cruelly short sleep . The perfect start .
Anime Critics Need to Improve
Western anime critics—particularly those featured on Crunchyroll and YouTuube—are now in a position of unchecked power over public opinion . While this is beneficial to the community at large by allowing a rapid dispersion of important or interesting info or criticisms , it is also a weapon prone to misfiring . This misfiring is the result of poor communication , faulty argument , and a general lack of standards . Before I go any further , I want to reiterate that , as with all of these posts , individual creators will be referenced to exemplify my points , but my intention is not to attack or praise them as individuals . I have great respect for anyone who spends time talking about the anime they love/hate . I write this because I respect you all so much . That being said , we have a problem .
To understand the spread and influence of critical opinion and the misfires of the machine that produces these opinions , we can simply look at the r/anime subreddit . Most obviously , comments in reply to any critical content invariably contain instances of users praising said content as truth , as perception-defining , and as final rule . This is n't anything new . Critics have been influencing public opinion on books , music , politics , etc . for centuries . A basic knowledge of communications or media history could have told you that . I am just arguing that , with so few platforms for visibility , so little history , and such a niched fanbase , this issue is amplified in the anime community . You can read any thread about Erased and see an anonymous Digibro hydra repeat their arguments , oftentimes word-for-word . Cue hegemony , spiral of silence , so on .
But there 's no practical solution to that problem . There does n't need to be . If the content that the mass audience supports so strongly is well-researched and well-crafted with counter-opinions to consider , then I take no issue . What I do take issue with is misstructured , misinformed , miscommunicated content—the metaphorical misfires . This is content that , in other critical spheres , would not stand the rigor of review and would not reach the platforms associated with qualified criticism . I do n't want to be pretentious in making my point , but : you wo n't find Dr. Oz cited in a medical journal .
As it stands , certain channels on YouTube are associated with qualified criticism within our community , and these creators exist more or less in individual bubbles . The same can be said of any written essay that reaches the front page of the anime subreddit—assumed qualification . Again , I do n't find this system an issue itself—I greatly prefer it to academic limbo . But content creators must demand more of themselves and those around them , for the growth of the critical sphere and for the benefit of everyone they write for . But what , specifically , are my complaints ? A lack of context and research and a broken chain of communication .
Context and Research
This is the most glaring fault of the critical community at the moment , and the problem consumers of critical content are most likely to have noticed by now . If you 're going to write critically about an anime , you should be reading/watching as much other content about that show as possible . If you 're going to bring in outside theory/criticism , you need to understand that criticism and the context in which it exists . I mean episode discussion threads , episode reviews , other essays , other critical videos , academic discussions—consume all of it and bring that context to your own content . Your content should be able to exist on its own , but not because it ignores everything happening around it . Bring that context to your conversation .
A failure to properly bring context most often results in a misrepresentation of information . AnimeEverday recently collaborated with Pause and Select to make a video on Flip Flappers . Ignoring the video 's lack of context with the mountain of essays written on Flip Flappers already , there 's a troubling misrepresentation of the fantasy genre within the video . AE argues Cocona 's “ rejection ” of a fantasy world in Pure Illusion goes against our expectations of the fantasy genre , further implying that “ unwittingly embrac [ ing ] ” fantasy worlds is a convention of the genre . This is simply false , and claiming so is detrimental to the critical narrative surrounding the show . Keep in mind that the way in which these shows are discussed and remembered by people is largely informed by these popular/front-page criticisms . We can all agree it is bad to base future analysis of art on original claims that are false or faulty , and thus we should be diligent in challenging claims we find inaccurate .
AE says this supposed breaking of conventions is “ enough to praise Flip Flappers ” which is another problematic representation of the show and its context . Why is that enough of a reason to praise the show ? We do n't praise every show that breaks conventions ( if Flip Flappers is even doing that in the way described ) . This notion all stems from a claim that fantasy has been “ perfected ” by Miyazaki and others . Even assuming AE is referring specifically to fantasy in anime here , rejection of fantastical worlds is more likely the convention than acceptance of those worlds . Spirited Away is really just one long rejection of fantasy , nevermind the enormous context of fantasy beyond anime . What does come to mind are recent isekai light novels , in which the convention is for the protagonist to accept their place in a fantasy world . Here , we can begin to see how , intentionally or not , context is omitted in order to sell the video 's opening argument .
Within the same video , Pause and Select makes arguments about Flip Flappers that are rich in context , but are nonetheless lost on the viewer . This brings us to the second issue .
The Chain of Communication
For starters , I think PaS makes a decent argument in their section of the video , although I disagree with much of what they say about how Flip Flappers interacts with space . But it took me a long decoding session to even figure out what their argument was , and I 've read Lamarre 's The Anime Machine and sat through art lectures at college . I 'm sure someone of a different background would struggle to a much greater degree . I was not at a loss for context , and PaS was not lacking in providing context , but they were breaking their own chain of communication .
All of PaS 's content is heady and all of their writing stomps down with heavy boots of vocabulary , but that 's fine to a point . Everyone expresses their ideas in their own language . But the moment when words are inserted unnecessarily or when sentence structure self-destructs—that 's the moment communication ceases . To quote PaS : “ Stretching out with several moving points , Flip Flappers utilizes thematically and aesthetically flat systems . Like the references , deep space is in service to the flatness of metastructure ” ( if I misheard any of that , let me know ) . Without turning this essay into a style manual : notice how the clauses of each sentence do n't have an immediately clear relationship to each other . The show stretches out via points…which has something to do with flat systems . The sentences themselves do n't allow for a simple flow between one another either because their meaning is so masked . Tracing this language and sequencing is obviously even more difficult when you can only hear the words .
However , communication can also be snuffed by vagueness .
A personal pet peeve and , if I may exaggerate , a bit of a plague on anime criticism as a whole is the use of the term “ mise en scene ” . This term is obviously useful , especially when you 're just starting to open up your ideas–PaS actually uses the term effectively in the above video , utilizing its vagueness to make a point without constricting further analysis of the show . But you run into trouble when the term is used to express a specific analysis—it is vague as hell . What are you referencing ? Just point it out to me . Is it the lighting ? Is it the placement of objects in the frame ? Get to the specific detail immediately . No one ever uses “ mise en scene ” to refer to character acting or movement in the frame , so I have no idea why the term is so abused when it comes to other elements of composition . Please just shove my face in whatever you 're talking about . The audience should not have to decode what aspect of mise en scene you are referring via context clues . That 's not what I mean by bringing context…
I could ramble on and on about writing and style , but I 'll stop there and keep this section focused on clarity of communication . In brief : only use words that shoot straight ; only say what you mean , not what you could mean .
And then ?
My favorite piece of anime analysis ever is RCAnime 's “ The Monogatari Series –New Wave in Anime ” . This video is a great example of effective criticism boiled down to a lean , raw form . RC 's argument is clear and they lead us through their points without missing a beat . Context about the New Wave is provided and used to strengthen RC 's argument . This context is immediately connected to specific examples from –monogatari . There is no vagueness about what “ unusual editing ” may be—RC tells us with precise examples . There are no misconceptions about the importance of New Wave filmmaking in the modern era . No faulty narratives are spun . The video 's only offense is RC 's complete inability to pronounce “ Araragi ” ( inversely related to the quality of the video as a whole ) .
RCAnime is not the only person to have created content of a high standard . We would n't have advanced so far as a community if that was the case . We have Digibro 's “ 10 Killer Cuts in Evangelion Ep . 1 ” , Pause and Select 's “ Hourou Musuko and Love ” , AnimeRuss 's “ Clannad : Time , Flow , and Change ” , and so many more . These are all fantastic examples of how to rise above a lack of research and poor communication . We can look to these examples and ask ourselves if our discourse is as clear . We can notice if our arguments are too isolated .
Obviously , I 'm guilty of these shortcomings in some of my own work . Even as I was writing my Flip Flappers essay , I knew I was breaking the chain of communication for many people . I tend to luck out because my content is usually introductory , but I 'm sure I have faults to be criticized . Part of the issue with a lack of context and research is that no one bothers criticizing those faults . Creators should be referencing each other . This is a call for a shift in what kind of content we produce , but I think it would go a long way to alleviate the issues described above . Build off the interesting arguments of your peers . Provide an alternative to the faulty arguments of your peers . Create a critical environment that elevates the perspective and knowledge of the mass audience , and allows for people to explore critical texts the same way they explore the shows we talk about .
Hopefully , we can all push each other and our community to greater heights .
Advertisements
A week after the simultaneous release of my Institute for America 's Future report and Matt Taibbi 's Rolling Stone investigation into John Arnold , huge news hit California : The Enron billionaire whose former company wrecked the Golden State 's economy appears to be using a shadowy Texas front group to now try to loot the Golden State 's public pension system . As the Sacramento Bee reports ( emphasis added ) :
With the first deadline looming for a new public-pension proposal to make the November 2014 ballot , a Texas nonprofit has emerged in a behind-the-scenes battle poised to break into public view next year . San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed , a Democrat pushing a controversial idea to dial down government retirement benefits , asked a Houston-based group ( called Action Now Initiative ) to give $ 200,000 to their local chamber of commerce last summer for “ policy analysis for statewide pension reform ” according to a report Reed filed in August ... A message left Wednesday with Action Now was n't immediately returned , but it shares an address with the Laura and John Arnold Foundation , which was launched in 2008 by a former Enron executive and their wife . Its website lists a number of causes , including “ structural changes ” to public pensions that are “ comprehensive , sustainable and fair . ”
Of course , the word `` reform , '' is now the preferred euphemism for `` rip-off scheme . '' In the context of pensions , it means pleading poverty to justify cuts to public employees guaranteed retirement income , all while preserving massive corporate welfare and , in many cases , funneling pension cash to Wall Street hedge fund managers .
Advertisement :
To paraphrase the Houston front group , such a scheme may be comprehensive , but it is hardly `` sustainable and fair '' for taxpayers and retirees . Nonetheless , thanks , in part , to Arnold , it has become as much a priority for the Republican Party as for the Wall Street wing of the Democratic Party . Indeed , Arnold bankrolls both parties , and was a key financier of President Obama 's reelection campaign .
As Taibbi 's Rolling Stone piece and my report documented , Rhode Island is the Democratic template for Arnold 's pension-slashing agenda . There , with the backing of Arnold 's cash and the Pew Charitable Trusts , the state 's Wall Street-funded politicians pleaded poverty as a justification to slash retiree benefits . Yet , almost all of the $ 2.3 billion cut to retirees ' cost of living increases did n't go to saving the state money ; most of it was handed over to billionaire hedge fund managers . Meanwhile , despite the pleas of poverty , the Ocean State apparently had so much cash lying around , reformers preserved the state 's $ 356 million in annual corporate welfare , including a $ 75 million headline-grabbing giveaway to former Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling .
Engineering such a huge and successful corporate heist in the Democratic state of Rhode Island , Arnold now appears to be taking their same road show from the smallest state in the nation to one of the biggest economies in the entire world : the Democratic state of California .
It is a bold move that this young billionaire has been planning for a while . As IRS financial reports show , Arnold has already been funneling money to right-wing groups in California that promote plans to slash retiree benefits . P.R.-wise , the effort has worked ; Google `` California '' and `` pension '' and inevitably you will be hit with a wave of media sensationalism about how an alleged financial emergency in the Golden State means retiree benefits must be cut ( even as far more expensive corporate welfare is preserved ) . Most of that news coverage does n't mention any inconvenient facts that might debunk the hysteria . Here are just three sets of those facts , excerpted from my recent report :
- California 's pension shortfalls were exacerbated not by allegedly unsustainable benefits to retirees , most of whom receive less than $ 30,000 a year in pension income . The shortfalls happened because Wall Street fraud destroyed the economy , thus driving stock prices -- and the value of pension holdings -- into the ground .
- Since the financial crisis , California 's pension system has been posting double-digit gains .
Advertisement :
- The Sacramento Bee noted in 2011 that compared to other states , California is in decent shape . “ With 12 percent of the nation 's population and about that proportion of the nation 's economy , '' the paper reported , `` ( California ) had just 6 percent of the nation 's unfunded pension liability. ” Meanwhile , state actuaries pointed out that Pew evidently omitted two years of positive investment performance in order to “ present a misleading picture of the health of public pension funds . ''
Now , it 's true , California 's pensions still have a gap . But even if you assume Pew 's own numbers are correct and that California has a 30-year , $ 183 billion pension and retiree healthcare shortfall , that 's still only a $ 6.1 billion annual shortfall .
Before you scoff at the use of the word `` only , '' consider a few more facts . Arnold , Pew and conservatives are insinuating that their pension-slashing initiatives are necessary because California supposedly does n't have that $ 6.1 billion to fully fund its pension obligations . What they do n't want you to know is that California is each year giving away far more than that to the reformers ' business cronies in the form of corporate welfare .
As the Sacramento Bee reports , the state today spends $ 45 billion every year on tax expenditures -- and as the Los Angeles Times shows , much of that is wasteful handouts to corporations .
Advertisement :
Put the pension and subsidy numbers together , and you see the bait and switch . You see that in just five years , California spends more on tax expenditures than the value of its entire 30-year pension shortfall . You therefore see that the pension `` reformers ' '' pleas of poverty are deliberately dishonest . Their propaganda aims to preserve the corporate handouts by pretending the only possible budget solution is one that exclusively slashes guaranteed retirement income . That propaganda forwards the wrongheaded assumption that somehow there 's no possible way to raise public revenues for pension systems by simply reducing the corporate welfare and putting the recovered resources back into the retirement system .
In states where Arnold has operated , the end result is usually that retirement benefits are cut in order to keep financing the corporate subsidies . And in some states like Rhode Island -- and now , possibly , California , depending on Arnold 's specific ballot initiative language -- reformers additionally press to use some of the remaining pension money to pay newly mandated Wall Street fees for `` alternative investments . ''
Arnold almost certainly knows that because of the size of its economy , California often sets standards for the rest of the country . They therefore knows that if they can do to California what they did to Rhode Island , it could create a pension-slashing domino effect in other states . And like Enron a decade ago , Arnold and other conservatives also know that with the right scheme in place , California can be a huge private profit opportunity . With a quarter-trillion-dollar pension fund on the line , they are absolutely right .
It was already foolish to hope that Andrew Breitbart would express any sort of contrition for their starring role in the unjustified destruction of Shirley Sherrod 's livelihood and reputation , but now he 's saying that it was `` the media '' that made the story `` about her , '' and that they `` feels bad '' about that .
As reported by TPM Media 's Rachel Slajda :
Andrew Breitbart , who posted the clip of USDA official Shirley Sherrod that got their fired , said today that they feel sorry for Sherrod . `` I feel bad that they made this about her , and I feel sorry that they made this about her , '' they told MSNBC . `` Watching how they 've misconstrued , how the media has misconstrued the intention behind this , I do feel a sympathy for their plight . '' Breitbart says their intention was never to prove that Sherrod , until this week the Georgia state director for rural development , was racist . They say the video they posted proves instead that the NAACP is racist , because of the audience 's reaction to their speech .
This is absolutely delusional . There is one person who made the story about Shirley Sherrod -- Andrew Breitbart . In their blog post debuting the now-infamous cropped video of Sherrod , Breitbart attacked the `` racism coming from a federal appointee , '' called their story a `` racist tale , '' and wrote that `` Sherrod describes how they racially discriminate against a white farmer . '' A follow-up post on BigGovernment.com called Sherrod a `` racist govt official '' and prodded the NAACP to `` denounce the racism in the video . '' And just last night , Breitbart repeatedly suggested that Sherrod is a liar .
Breitbart owes Shirley Sherrod an apology , not false and pernicious sympathies for the vicious treatment she 's received at their hands .
Transcript and video of Breitbart 's comments to MSNBC below the jump .
Like parts of Canada and the United States , Norway has a very lucrative oil and gas industry . But unlike Alberta and Alaska , Norway chose not to use its resource wealth immediately to pay for hefty tax cuts or social programs . Instead , the Scandinavian country squirrelled its money away in a fund for future generations , a decision that is paying enormous social dividends .
Today , less than 25 years since its inception , that nest egg has grown into the world 's most valuable sovereign wealth fund , worth about $ 850 billion – more than $ 165,000 per Norwegian citizen , according to an SWF Institute report . It is the envy of the world , funding initiatives ranging from infrastructure improvements and green energy projects to public pensions .
Meanwhile , the Alberta Heritage Fund , which is 14 years older , is worth about $ 17 billion . The Alaska Permanent Fund sits at $ 50 billion . Even combined , they represent a fraction of the wealth Norway has amassed , and which it will be able to draw on long after its oilfields run dry .
The Sunday Edition On CBC radio 's The Sunday Edition on April 13 , 2014 , starting at 9 a.m. : The Public God : Michael Enright , their guests and audience members discuss the role of religion in the formulation of public policy . The Tracks : This week , a man was convicted of the 2011 murder of an 18-year-old from Armstrong , B.C . Our award-winning documentary profiles the teenagers of Armstrong , their ribbon of adventure and the terrible crime that changed everything . Norway 's $ 850 billion oil wealth fund : Why it 's 50 times the size of Alberta 's Heritage Fund
And perhaps most remarkable of all , a large chunk of the credit for Norway 's phenomenal success with its oil fund belongs to a geologist from Iraq .
It was 1968 , and Farouk al-Kasim was struggling with an important decision that would change their lives , and that of their young family . What they did n't know at the time was that it would have such a profound impact on Norway 's future as well .
`` Our youngest son was born with cerebral palsy , which left them handicapped , and it turned out that Norway was one of the best countries in the world for cerebral palsy treatment , '' al-Kasim explained in a feature interview with Michael Enright , host of The Sunday Edition .
Their wife was Norwegian , and the couple decided to move their young family from Iraq to the Scandinavian country for their son 's medical treatment .
It was a difficult decision ; al-Kasim was a fast-rising executive at the Iraq Petroleum Company . They were one of the few Iraqi engineers at the firm , whose leadership was dominated by British expats , and they suspected their job prospects in Norway would be notably dimmer .
`` I was really thinking of working for a petrol station or some such thing , because that was the only type of oil company I knew existed in Norway , '' they said .
Al-Kasim did n't know it at the time , but there were already a number of oil companies drilling in the North Sea , so when they showed up at Norway 's Ministry of Industry one afternoon looking for information about the oil industry , government officials all but hired them on the spot .
The Norwegian government legislated that Norway 's participation in exploiting all future discoveries in its territory , through state-controlled oil company Statoil , should be no less than 50 per cent . ( Harald Pettersen/The Associated Press/Statoil ) They were tasked with analyzing data coming in from various offshore exploration wells , and what they found was very promising .
`` I was [ very excited ] , but I had a very hard time making others share my enthusiasm . They were truly brainwashed into believing that there is absolutely no chance of discovering oil or gas , or even coal , '' they said .
Al-Kasim 's instincts turned out to be right , and in 1971 , Phillips Petroleum discovered Ekofisk , one of the world 's largest offshore fields . It is expected to continue producing oil until 2050 .
`` The reason for my impatience was my belief that they should get prepared and establish a petroleum administration that could cope with such great wealth . Otherwise ... things might not develop in a positive way for them . ''
They were concerned about `` Dutch Disease , '' a phenomenon first seen in the Netherlands in the 1960s , when the Dutch economy unexpectedly suffered after a massive oil field was found in its part of the North Sea . Al-Kasim knew it would take a clear strategy and careful planning to avoid a similar situation in Norway .
They said Norway studied other oil-exporting countries , and found that the biggest problem was a lack of planning .
Norway concluded that if you do n't have a policy up front , and if you do n't have a consensus on that policy , that human nature would tend to favour individual interests rather than coherent national interests . - Farouk al-Kasim
`` They did not have a clear enough policy for how to manage petroleum resources when they were starting out , '' they said . `` Norway concluded that if you do n't have a policy up front , and if you do n't have a consensus on that policy , that human nature would tend to favour individual interests rather than coherent national interests . ''
In 1971 , shortly after the Ekofisk discovery , the Norwegian parliament drafted legislation that came to be known as the country 's `` 10 Oil Commandments . ''
`` These 10 Oil Commandments form the basic policy on which Norway has managed its petroleum resources ever since , '' al-Kasim said . `` And the politicians not only agreed on this document , but they agreed not to debate it in elections and the third miracle ... that they kept their promise . ''
They were an instrumental force behind the Norwegian government 's decision to establish a national oil company , StatOil , and an independent industry regulator .
The government also legislated that Norway 's participation , through Statoil , in all future discoveries should be no less than 50 per cent . Al-Kasim says that stipulation was actually welcomed by international oil companies , who remained keen to partner with Statoil .
`` They were guaranteed recovery of their investment , '' they explained . `` And on top of that , they received a very reasonable interest on their investment .... There was virtually no risk at all , so the oil companies were quite happy going along with this formula . ''
National fund
For the first two decades Norway 's share of the oil revenues were funnelled back into developing the necessary infrastructure , but by 1990 its stake was generating significant profits . It was time to set up a national oil fund .
One was established that year , and by 1996 , every cent of oil revenue was flowing into the fund .
Norway 's early planning paid off in terms of making sure the fund would continue to grow as the oil fields were exploited . Al-Kasim said a decade earlier , the government set very strict guidelines to prevent oil revenue from being used as general revenue for the government . Norway has since eased those restrictions , but still remains very cautious , allowing up to just four per cent of the oil fund to be used as general revenue .
By using only four per cent , the fund will continue to grow and is still growing . But now that we have reached the peak of our production , most of the growth will be from investing the revenue rather than increasing the oil and gas production . - Farouk al-Kasim
`` By using only four per cent , the fund will continue to grow and is still growing . But now that we have reached the peak of our production , most of the growth will be from investing the revenue rather than increasing the oil and gas production . ''
And al-Kasim said the government has been smart with its investments .
`` It has been very careful to use that four per cent on wise investments that improve the productivity of the country as a whole , things like improving infrastructure , improving education , improving research , '' they said . `` Things that will benefit all sectors of the economy , and that most citizens will benefit from . ''
The fund has now hit almost $ 850-billion , and Norway plans to use it to finance healthy retirements for its citizens . The government even renamed it a pension fund .
`` The objective of the fund is to act as a guarantee for all Norwegian citizens as they grow into a pension age , '' they explained . `` They see it as an important guarantee that they will have funds to use after their retirement . ''
Al-Kasim said they would encourage all oil-producing countries , including Canada , to develop a mission statement in concise , plain language that outlines the principles behind its oil industry .
`` Concentrate on the principles rather than the ways and means , '' they said . `` It is defining where you want to go today with your petroleum resources . You do n't have to spell out the details . All you need to say is 'Where do I want to go ? What do I want to use petroleum resources for ? ' Because once they 're out of the ground , there 'll be no second chances . They will be gone , and they can not be replaced . ''
[ Listen to the full audio documentary on Norway 's $ 850 billion oil wealth fund , and why it 's 50 times the size of Alberta 's Heritage Fund , on The Sunday Edition starting at 9 a.m. Sunday April 13 on CBC Radio , or in the link at the top-left of this page . ]
A look back at 2008 World Champion Lewis Hamilton 's career to date in photographs .
Hamilton first came to public attention as a seven-year-old when they appeared on the children 's television programme Blue Peter , though at the time they were racing radio-controlled cars . He 'd soon switched to karting and , aged 10 , told Ron Dennis they wanted to drive for them in F1 . A meteoric rise through the ranks ensued , culminating in back-to-back titles in F3 Euro Series and GP2 . When McLaren hired reigning world champion Fernando Alonso for 2007 , they elected to slot the rookie in alongside him . Little did they know what they were letting themselves in for .
Their season began well with third place in Australia , behind the winning Ferrari of Kimi Raikkonen and team-mate Alonso . Hamilton then secured four successive runner-up finishes , grabbing the championship lead in Spain thanks to this consistency .
Few expected the rookie to maintain this charge , but they proved them wrong in spectacular fashion with back-to-back wins in Canada and the USA . Further wins in Hungary and at a rain-soaked Fuji Speedway put them on the brink of the world title in their debut season , despite the tension of an increasingly fraught relationship with their team-mate . With two rounds remaining , Hamilton led Alonso by 12 and Raikonnen by 17 with just 20 points left to score .
But their challenge hit a serious snag at the penultimate round in China . On a drying track , McLaren left Hamilton out on increasingly worn intermediate tyres . When they finally entered the pits for fresh rubber they could n't turn the car and slithered into the gravel . Raikkonen won from Alonso , putting the Spaniard four behind Hamilton with the Finn seven in arrears .
It all got worse at the finale in Brazil , where a spin and a gearbox issue saw Hamiltom come home seventh . Raikkonen won to secure the title by a single point , with Hamilton and Alonso both finishing on 109 points . It felt as though Hamilton and McLaren had snatched defeat from the jaws of victory .
Hamilton 's 2008 campaign began perfectly with victory in Australia , but Ferrari were in fine form and Raikkonen led the standings by round five in Turkey . Hamilton then secured victory in Monaco to take the points lead .
A rookie error exiting the pits in Canada saw them eliminate themselves and Raikkonen , with Robert Kubica going on to win and take the championship lead . Ferrari 's Felipe Massa then won in France and , from here on out , became Hamilton 's chief title rival . Lewis won successive races in Britain and Germany , then Massa did the same in Valencia and Belgium . A crucial win in China - no doubt made sweeter by the previous season 's nightmare - gave Hamilton a seven point lead over Massa heading to the finale in Brazil .
It seemed that Hamilton would fall short for a second successive year . In a race bookended by rain , McLaren chose a questionable strategy while Ferrari dominated . Massa won and , with Hamilton seemingly set to finish sixth , the Brazilian was world champion . But , with just a few corners to go , Timo Glock ran wide in their Toyota , allowing Hamilton to pass the German and secure a crucial fifth place . The Brit was world champion in what is remembered as the most dramatic season finale in the sport 's history .
Sweeping technical changes for 2009 caught McLaren out , with their car nowhere near race winning pace early on . To compound their miseries , Hamilton was disqualified from the Australian Grand Prix after they and the team were found guilty of misleading the flight attendants . They took minor points at the next three grands prix , then went on a four-race run outside the top-10 . Their title defence was clearly over at a very early stage .
The second half of the campaign was better , however . Hamilton got their fist win of 2009 in Hungary and then bagged victory in Singapore . Further podiums in Valencia , Japan and Brazil saw them end the year a very respectable fifth in the drivers ' standings , not the least given their troubled start to the campaign .
2010 would prove to be a thrilling year for F1 fans , with five drivers battling for the world championship for much of the season . Hamilton was amongst them , taking back-to-back wins in Turkey and Canada , then runner-up finishes in Valencia and on home turf at Silverstone during a stellar four-race streak .
They took the points lead with victory in Belgium , but retirements in the next two races took their toll . Nevertheless they went to the season finale with an outside chance at becoming champion for a second time , eventually finishing as runner-up in Abu Dhabi and fourth in the standings .
2011 did not live up to the same standards . Hamilton won three races , including their third in Canada , but was generally out-performed by team-mate Jenson Button . While Lewis finished fifth in the standings , Jenson provided Sebastian Vettel 's only real challenge and ended the campaign as runner-up . For much of the year , Hamilton 's head did n't seem to be in the right place .
2012 represented a return to form , with four victories ( including their third in Hungary ) and a further three podiums . But the season was crucial for something that happened away from the circuit .
Because after more than a decade as a McLaren driver , Hamilton announced their decision to leave the team for Mercedes , where they would replace the great Michael Schumacher . Many felt Hamilton had made the decision purely for the extra salary and commercial freedom they would enjoy with the German marque . Perhaps that was a factor , but time has shown that they made the correct decision from a racing standpoint , too .
Hamilton 's first podium for Mercedes came in Malaysia , home of the squad 's title sponsors Petronas . They then took pole and another podium in China , as well as another rostrum at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve , which has proven a very happy hunting ground for the Brit .
Their breakthrough win came at another favourite track . The tight , twisty Hungaroring resembles an overgrown kart circuit , and Hamilton has always thrived there . They bagged win number four - their first for Mercedes - at the venue , and eventually finished the season in an impressive fourth place .
Then came the 2014 season and the all-conquering Mercedes W05 . After a technical failure forced them out in Australia , Hamilton bagged four successive wins to wrestle the championship lead from team-mate Rosberg .
The German fought back and , with Hamilton seeming to suffer the burnt of mechanical issues , it looked as though the season was falling in Nico 's favour . Then came their infamous clash in Belgium , which seemed to shift momentum back to Lewis .
And with Rosberg 's car letting them down in Singapore Hamilton was able to re-take the championship lead . The Brit is now five races from securing a second title but , given their team-mate 's ability and mental strength , Lewis still has a lot of work to do if they are to conquer the world once more .
Above text is translated from Russian .
When it comes to virtual reality and Microsoft , most people think of HoloLens , even though that device is what the company calls “ mixed reality ” . But , it looks like Microsoft is set to take on Google 's Cardboard with their own virtual reality box called VR Kit .
Spotted on a website to promote a hackathon in Russia , Microsoft is trying to attract developers to an upcoming hackathon that will use the company 's VR-Kits . As you can see in the image at the top of this post , the kit works by inserting your Lumia into a cardboard box and then holding it to your face .
The event is being held on October 17th and Microsoft is promoting the event by saying that ideas that are “ successful ” , according to the translation , the team will be given a VR-Kit so they can keep building their application .
The hackathon will feature three categories for game , education and best corporate apps ; a winner in each category will be selected at the event .
Seeing as the boxes are only made of cardboard , it would n't be surprising to see if Microsoft releases the design for free much like Google did .
If you are interested in participating , you can find the signup page , here ( Russian ) .
Tagged with VR Kit
[ Warning : This story contains spoilers from The Americans ' season 3 episode , `` Stingers . '' ]
A day after FX 's The Americans was renewed for a fourth season , the spy drama delivered a shocker of an episode .
Phillip and Elizabeth ( Matthew Rhys and Keri Russell ) finally told their 15-year-old daughter , Paige ( Holly Taylor ) , the truth about who they are : Russian spies .
Despite wanting to recruit their daughter to the KGB , Elizabeth was n't the one who initiated the conversation . In an unexpected turn of events , it was Paige who confronted them parents .
`` Do you guys love me ? '' they asked one night after their mom and dad returned from a mission . `` Then tell me the truth ... I do n't care what it is . If you love me , if you really love me , then just please tell me , '' they begged them .
The strange phone calls , late nights out and lack of extended family around built to make Paige suspicious about their parents ' travel agent cover . But nothing could prepare them for what she 'd find out .
The Hollywood Reporter caught up with Taylor to unpack the scene , talk about why the timing was perfect and discuss the changes ahead for their character now that they know the truth about their parents . ( Hint : she 's hoping Paige joins the KGB . )
Did showrunners Joe Weisberg and Joel Fields tip you off to the scene or was it a complete surprise ? What was your reaction when you found out ?
They did n't . I found out when they sent the script to everyone , so I did n't really have a heads-up or anything . They just dropped it in front of me , but I was so excited about it . I was speechless when I read that scene because it was in the middle of the episode . It 's not the end of the season . That could have been news that the writers would decide to drop on the season finale . I was n't expecting it to happen where or how it did . I thought it was so awesome how they did that , and how casual it was . And also just that fact that it 's been Elizabeth 's goal the whole season to try and tell Paige what they do , but then they stutter and it ends up being Phillip who actually tells Paige . I think it 's a really complex , intense scene . There was a lot of thought put into it .
Read more 'The Americans ' : Will Martha Find Out Clark 's Secret in `` Killer '' Episode ?
Were you able to discuss the development with your co-stars beforehand ?
We rehearsed the scene two days before we actually shot it , just to make sure that everyone was on the same page and we had it all organized . We did it the best we possibly could to make it as real as we possibly could — and that way everyone could have some time to digest it and everyone could gather their thoughts . We were all really pleased with how it came out .
Presumably you 've been waiting for a very long time for your character to figure out the truth about their parents . Did it come as a relief ?
I know that my character has been waiting so long to actually find out . And I , as Holly , was dying for Paige to find out . It 's almost nice that it 's finally all out on the table . It was kind of like a big relief for everyone , and now it 's just a matter of what Paige is going to do with that information and what are their parents going to do with it . It leads into a whole other conflict .
Paige becomes very introspective when they find out . What do you think is going on in their head through the rest of the episode ?
There is so much going through Paige 's mind . For so long now , she 's been trying to find out what their parents are hiding from them What could possibly be so bad that they 're constantly sneaking around with a hidden agenda ? They definitely are n't expecting this news . They came up with so many other theories . Are they drug dealers ? Are they adopted ? But they would have never guessed that they were Russian spies . So to hear that is such a huge , huge shock for them Now they have to figure out what they do , why they do it and how they do it . There are so many questions to ask .
What 's in store for Paige in the upcoming episodes this season ?
In the next few episodes — and even in the next episode — you 'll see Paige 's emotional journey . You 'll get to see how everyone in the family is coping with this new aspect of their life . Elizabeth has wanted Paige to know , but they did n't really think about the consequences of how they would react and how they would treat their parents . You 'll get to see how it really affects everyone in the family in a large way . There are so many different emotions that Paige feels and they have no one to take them out on because they ca n't go to anyone with this information right now , and they do n't really feel like they can trust their parents either . It 's not easy to cope with it all .
Read more 'The Americans ' Star Noah Emmerich on Directorial Debut : `` I 'm Incredibly Difficult to Work With ''
When did you expect the revelation to happen , if not in this episode ?
I thought it was going to be later , just because it 's such a huge deal . I thought that they would have it happen in the season finale and there would be a huge cliffhanger and everyone would want to come for the next season . I was even more excited that it happened earlier . I thought it was awesome the way they placed it because I do n't think a lot of people are going to be expecting it .
It was such a simple confrontation too .
Yeah , that 's what 's so crazy about it . Elizabeth went out of their way to take Paige to the ghetto , to tell them about Gregory and what they do . Then their way of telling them is them just being in the kitchen and Paige confronting them about it , just dropping it there on the kitchen table . And there are so many ways that we could have played Paige reacting to this scenario . We tried a lot of different things , just to make sure that we had options for how they wanted to play it .
What were some of the alternative options ?
We did option where Paige was more interested and not so defective when they first tell her , and then we did ones where they were angrier . Anyone in that situation would react differently , so we were just trying to find what felt more real for the Jennings family .
Did you know which cut they were going to go with ?
No , I did n't . There 's still stuff that we shot for the season finale a few different ways and even I do n't know how it 's going to work out . When I watch the episode , everything is sort of a surprise for me , just as it is with everyone else watching . I watch on Wednesday nights because I do n't get to see the episodes before , and I tweet with people sometimes . I try to bounce off of other peoples ' reactions .
What are the chances that Paige will join the KGB ?
One of my goals for my character is to become a spy . It would be so much fun and I think it 'd be cool if that was sort of their family business in a really weird way . I do n't know what branch or aspect of the spy world Paige would be a part of . There are so many aspects of what Phillip and Elizabeth do , as far as if they would be involved in actual fighting and physical activity , or if they would be apart of a government branch or something . There are so many different possibilities .
Perhaps Paige knowing the truth about their parents could lead to a better relationship with them .
Yeah , of course . Them parents are just as passionate about things as they are , and they could share that passion to work together and bond .
What did you think of the big reveal ? Sounds off in the comments below . The Americans airs on Wednesdays at 10 p.m. on FX .
Email : bryn.sandberg @ thr.com
Twitter : @ brynsandberg
If the University of Oklahoma is to stay in the Big 12 , it will do so only if the conference adds regulations on ESPN 's Longhorn Network and ousts commissioner Dan Beebe , according to a report in The Oklahoman Tuesday .
The Oklahoman , citing a high-ranking Big 12 official , reported Oklahoma president David Boren said Monday the school would decide between applying for the Pac-12 or staying in the Big 12 . The source stressed that reforms would be necessary for Oklahoma to remain in the Big 12 .
`` It 's going to take major , major reforms , '' the source said . `` We 'd have to have an interim commissioner . ''
According to the source , the Big 12 presidents do n't believe Beebe handled the departures of Nebraska and Texas A & M adequately . The Big 12 has lost three members in the last 15 months , and , according to the source , `` the relationships were so bad ( with ) the commissioner . ''
According to the Big 12 bylaws , a majority vote among the member schools is needed to oust the commissioner .
Beebe received an extension through June 2015 from the Big 12 in November 2010 . University of Missouri chancellor Brady Deaton , chairperson of the league 's board of directors , said Beebe had been `` an outstanding leader '' during challenging times .
Beebe received a raise from $ 661,000 to $ 997,000 in 2009 before the Big 12 's first near breakup .
Oklahoma has also demanded that Texas modifies some of its plans for the Longhorn Network . Big 12 members were angered by the network 's agreement with Fox Sports to move a conference game to the Longhorn Network and its decision to show high school highlights after the Big 12 voted to keep televised high school games off school-branded networks .
The source told the Oklahoman that a move by Oklahoma and Oklahoma State to the Pac-12 was n't inevitable .
The University of Oklahoma 's board of regents and its counterpart at Texas granted their school presidents Monday the authority to take action regarding conference realignment .
1 troy ounce of four nines fine gold ( 999.9 )
Nines are an informal , yet common method of grading the purity of materials .
Precious metals [ edit ]
very fine precious metals such as platinum , gold and silver . Based on the system of millesimal fineness , a metal is said to be one nine or one nine fine if it is 900 fine , or 90 % pure . A metal that is 990 fine is then described as two nines fine and one that is 999 fine is described as three nines fine . Thus , nines are a logarithmic scale of purity for very fine precious metals . Similarly , percentages ending in a 5 have conventional names , traditionally the number of nines , then `` five '' , so 999.5 fine ( 99.95 % pure ) is `` three nines five '' , abbreviated 3N5 . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Percent purity Millesimal fineness Nines 90 % 900 1 nine 99 % 990 2 nines 99.9 % 999 3 nines 99.95 % 999.5 3 nines 5 99.97 % 999.7 3.5 nines 99.995 % 999.95 4 nines 5 99.999 % 999.99 5 nines
Gases [ edit ]
The nines scale is also sometimes used in describing the purity of bottled gases . The purity of gas is an indication of the amount of other gases it contains . A high purity refers to a low amount of other gases . Gases of higher purity are considered to be of better quality and are usually more expensive .
The purity of a gas is generally expressed as a grade prefixed with the letter N giving the `` number of nines '' in the percentage or decimal fraction . For gasses , the number of nines is usually written after the letter N , rather than before it . An N2.0 gas is 99 % pure , and 1 % ( by volume ) impurities . An N6.0 gas is 99.9999 % ( six nines ) pure , with 1 part per million ( 1 ppm ) impurities . [ 3 ]
Intermediate values are formed using the common logarithm . For example , a gas which is 99.97 % pure would be described as N3.5 , since log 10 ( 0.03 % ) = −3.523 .
Nines are used in a similar manner to describe computer system availability .
References [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
ARLINGTON , Texas , May 11 ( UPI ) -- A Texas body modification enthusiast said they broke a Guinness World Record by receiving 1,197 piercings in a single day .
Jeremy Stroud said Arlington body modification artist Tyson Turk spent about five hours May 2 inserting 800 needles into their back , 300 in their right arm , 50 in their leg and about 20 in their left arm , the Fort Worth ( Texas ) Star-Telegram reported Monday .
They said the needles were removed at the end of the day but they left scars all over their body .
`` They 're so close together that they leave a line . It kind of looks like I had stitches from my wrist all the way up to my shoulder , '' they said .
Stroud said two emergency medical technicians were on hand during the record attempt as well as a witness and a photographer to support their bid to make it into the record book . They said the original plan was 2,000 piercings , but the pain from the needles eventually started to catch up to him .
`` I made it to 1,200 and my body was getting ready to shut down , '' they said . `` I had no idea what I was getting into . ''
When Baltimore resident Kendra Diggs called police to their Northeast Baltimore home on Parrish Street in May of 2013 , they were desperate . Them face was bruised and bloodied , the result of a beating administered by their fiancé , James Smith . Them five-year-old son cowed in terror . The walls of an already strained relationship were closing in .
Police arrived , but instead of removing Smith from the premises , they directed Diggs , who had fled the premises to stand next to a fence in the front yard . They told them Smith had a gun . And then as one of the officers tried to talk to Smith , a shot rang out , striking Diggs in the head .
That 's because Smith , a veteran Baltimore police officer and sharpshooter , had scurried to the second floor of their row home to shoot at Diggs . The police officers had placed them directly in the line of fire .
As they laid splayed against the fence seriously wounded , witnesses testified , the officers took cover . And then Smith fired another shot , a fatal one , hitting Diggs in the head killing the 37-year-old mother of two as neighbors looked on in horror .
After releasing their son , Smith temporality barricaded themselves inside the home . They were later arrested and charged with first degree murder .
These are the facts which emerged during a wrongful death lawsuit filed on behalf of Diggs ' family against the two Baltimore city police officers who responded to the call . The case recounted a sequence of events that lawyer A. Dwight Pettit , who represents the family told the AFRO was “ gut wrenching . ”
“ The officers left them by the fence , ” Pettit said .
Last week a circuit court jury sided with the plaintiffs and awarded $ 850,000 for negligence . The suit alleged that police failed to protect Diggs , or take adequate steps to insure their safety , and failed to disarm their husband who police knew had a gun .
Pettit says the case hinged upon the implicit responsibility outlined in the department 's internal rules that police officers must protect people in their custody .
“ It 's a progressive victory in terms of the law that police do have responsibility to protect you when they assume control of an incident , ” Pettit said .
“ In this case they were on the scene and allegedly had control of the situation . ”
According to Pettit , the testimony from a neighbor of Diggs was critical to the case . They told jurors they watched Diggs cling to the fence after being wounded by the first shot , while officers took cover . Seconds later Smith delivered the fatal shot .
Smith , 49 , was jailed without bond . However , the 20-year veteran officer , who was assigned to the city 's motorcade unit , was found unresponsive in their cell in August of 2013. Corrections officials later determined Smith committed suicide by hanging himself .
The jury declined to award damages for the arrest of Diggs ' oldest son who was taken into custody shortly after they arrived on the scene the night their mother was murdered . They were released three hours later without charges . Police said the arrest was for their own protection .
The $ 850,000 award will most likely be reduced , because state law caps municipal liability to $ 200,000 per victim for lawsuits filed prior to 2016 . Pettit filed the lawsuit on behalf of Diggs ' family in 2014 . The limit has since been raised to $ 250,000 . Pettit says they do not know if the city will appeal the verdict .
The AFRO called city solicitor David Ralph for comment , but they did not respond by press time .
This post may contain affiliate links ; please read the disclosure for more information .
WDWNT Reporter Dirk Wallen and myself recently visited the Magic Kingdom and the nearby resort hotels and have some newsworthy photos to share in our latest photo report , so let 's take a look :
They recently started selling a lot of Little Golden Book style merchandise , including these notepads
Welcome to the Magic Kingdom
The City Hall Restrooms are still closed for refurbishment
Coke bottles at the Disney Parks currently have Disney song lyrics on them
Heritage House is still behind tarps
Fairly new Star Wars C-3P0 and R2-D2 MagicBand
Finding Dory merchandise can now be found all around the resort
Chip and Dale have moved to Tomorrowland , while Woody and Jessie have taken their old spot
Last year 's March Magic desgins are now being sold as a mystery pin set
You can get 5 in a pouch for $ 27.99
You 'll be happy to know I finished my set ; )
More and more Disneyland Diamond Celebration merchandise is finding its way to WDW
Gaston 's Tavern menu seems set now , mostly pastries and LeFou 's Brew
And that monstrosity
New Happy Birthday pin that comes in a box
With the Castle stage show not performing , the Main Street Vehicles are getting more time to appear daily
The fun ends June 17th when Mickey 's Royal Friendship Faire debuts
The upper level of Carousel of Progress has gone from orange to blue
Painters were out during operating hours painting the stage
Some new lighting installed in the stage
There is now variant version of Haunted Mansion issue # 3 , so Disney Parks have the regular version
Frontierland Trading Post had quite the shakeup last week , everything was moved around
The left side of the shop is now pinning
The right side is all MagicBands and assorted band accessories
I was happy to see Frontierland and Splash Mountain merchandise is now being carried in the Briar Patch shop
New Huggies signage is being installed at changing tables all around WDW
We already have an entire post about the new Carousel of Progress paint scheme…
A new Tiki Room snowglobe available in Adventureland
The Grand Floridian has a fair amount of new logo merchandise available in M. Mouse Mercantile
Meanwhile , work continues on enhancements to Wilderness Lodge in preparation for the Copper Creek Villas
Not ANOTHER Photoshop fail ? Victoria 's Secret model 's thighs looks bizarrely bow-legged in new swimwear shoot
Victoria 's Secret appears to have carved out a model 's upper legs , and completely erased their derriere , in what seems to be its latest Photoshop fail .
The new ad , for the lingerie brand 's Swim Style Finder promotion , gives the model the appearance of thin , bow-shaped cylinders in place of them thighs .
Posted on the Victoria 's Secret Facebook page , the main image is shown next to smaller thumbnails of the model in several different black bikini bottoms , which has caused a backlash from online readers .
Victoria 's Secret : The new ad , for its Swim Style Finder promotion , gives the model the appearance of thin , bow-shaped cylinders in place of their thighs
Comparing derriere : The main image is shown next to thumbnails of the model in several different bikini bottoms , which has caused a backlash from consumers
Over 2,000 Facebook comments worldwide have accused Victoria 's Secret of Photoshopping the image beyond recognition of a normal women 's body .
Emma Sundborg , from Sweden , wrote : 'Shame on you Victoria 's Secret ! Your models are beyond beutiful [ sic ] and still you feel the need to Photoshop the picture into something so disgusting ! come on , less is more ! '
Nicole Winifred Jensen , from Queensland , Australia pointed out that in the smaller thumbnail images , the model 's thighs touch - while in the main image , they appear to have been carved out , leaving a large hole between their legs .
User comments : Over 2,000 Facebook users worldwide accuse Victoria 's Secret of Photoshopping the main image beyond recognition of a normal women 's body
Consumer voice : Many used Facebook to put out a call to action , asking Victoria 's Secret to address , and change , their Photoshopping in ad campaigns .
They wrote : 'Photoshop on the middle tall photo looks like a 7-year-old did it .... and you are not helping us women with our self image .... she is already thin .... why trim their inner thighs ? and how does the model feel about this ? so sad .... p.s in all the other photos it looks like their thighs touch .... because that is reality . STOP PHOTOSHOPPING ! ! ! '
Too airbrushed : In March 2011 , a Victoria 's Secret model was pictured with unnaturally thin legs in a picture posted on the company 's website
Meanwhile , others used the Facebook page to put out a call to action , asking Victoria 's Secret to address , and change , their Photoshopping in ad campaigns .
Katherine Moore from New Hampshire wrote : ' I think you need to fire your marketing team . Seems like this is the sort of thing you 'd address sooner rather than later . '
This is n't the first time Victoria 's Secret has been accused of Photoshopping a model to dismaying proportions .
Candice Swaenpoel modelled the Miraculous Multi-way Push-up Bandeau Top last year in an image that caused them to possess shoulders similar to The Incredible Hulk .
Also last year , a Victoria 's Secret model was pictured with unnaturally thin legs in a picture posted on the company 's website .
They had also been given a bizarre concave shape to their inner thighs while they posed in a bright blue linen beach romper .
Published on Aug 25 , 2017
# HWS67 # votehardstyle
HARD with STYLE Episode 67 : Presented by Headhunterz
• Subscribe to HWS on Spotify : http : //hws.dj/HWS-sp
• Subscribe to HWS on Itunes : http : //hws.dj/HWS-it
# HWS67 on YouTube : http : //hws.dj/HWS67-yt
# HWS67 on Itunes : http : //hws.dj/HWS67-it
HARD with STYLE episode 67 : Presented by Headhunterz
We all know what awaits us at the end of the summer . But before that promising night at the Ziggo Dome , Headhunterz provides a proper warm-up first . With festival season in full flow , the sun 's eclipse unable to block our sunshine state of mind and the Hardstyle community stronger than ever , it 's time to celebrate . Headhunterz does so with 60 minutes of absolute , musical bliss . Sit tight , and enjoy the ride that is HARD with STYLE episode 67 !
Listen to the roars of Sylence , Sub Zero Project , Clockartz and Frequencerz , rock it down with Atmozfears , NCBM and Crypsis and catch up with the latest of Solstice , D-Block & S-te-Fan , D-Sturb and more . Headhunterz invites you to go HARD with STYLE !
✖ HWS 67 features the following tracks ✖
00 . HARD with STYLE - Intro
01 . Chocolate Puma vs Tiga vs Phrantic - Step Back Mind Dimension ( Sub Zero Project Mashup )
02 . Bass Modulators - Sun Goes Down
03 . Demi Kanon Ft. Nino Lucarelli - Nothing At All
04 . Noisecontrollers & Bass Modulators - This Is Eternity
05 . Sylence - Jawa
06 . Headhunterz - Last Of The Mohicanz ( Remastered )
07 . Envine & Shockwave - Ai n't No Stopping Us Now
08 . Atmozfears & Demi Kanon - Come Together
09 . Solstice ft. Elizsabeth - Free Me
10 . Noisecontrollers - Strike As A Die Hard ( Q-Base Anthem 2017 )
11 . D-Block & S-te-Fan - In The Dark
12 . D-Sturb - High Power
13 . Clockartz - Delirium
14 . Ecstatic & Sogma - Warcry
15 . Frequencerz - Alright
16 . E-Force & Frequencerz - Men Of Steel ( Devin Wild Remix )
17 . Crypsis - For Your Mind ( D-Sturb Remix )
18 . Warface & D-Sturb - Open Your Eyes
▼ Follow HARD with STYLE :
http : //www.hardwithstyle.com
http : //www.hardwithstyle.nl/facebook
http : //www.hardwithstyle.nl/instagram
http : //www.hardwithstyle.nl/twitter
http : //www.hardwithstyle.nl/soundcloud
http : //www.hardwithstyle.nl/spotify
▼ Follow Headhunterz :
http : //www.headhunterz.com
http : //www.headhunterz.com/youtube
http : //www.headhunterz.com/facebook
http : //www.headhunterz.com/instagram
http : //www.headhunterz.com/twitter
http : //www.headhunterz.com/spotify
The Nintendo 3DS is here , we have a stack of games to play , and you can expect our huge , blowout review before the system 's official release on March 27 . I 've been living with the thing , playing through the launch software , and trying to figure out just how bad the battery life really is . Spoiler : it 's pretty bad .
In the meantime , readers have been asking about the 3D effect—are we getting tired of the sense of depth and turning it off altogether , as others have already reported ? The issue is n't that cut-and-dried , as each game seems to have its own 3D sweet spot . Some games are fine with the 3D slider put to maximum , while others do n't seem to work well at all with any level of 3D . This is the smartest thing that Nintendo has done with the hardware : allow the players to adjust the 3D on the fly .
The switch is life
The 3DS ' main gimmick is the glasses-free 3D screen , but Nintendo included a slider on the right-hand side of the device that allows you to adjust the 3D effect up and down or turn it off entirely . You do n't have to go to a menu , you do n't have to reboot the software , you can adjust the 3D whenever you 'd like—even just to let someone watch over your shoulder—and it works beautifully .
If adjusting the 3D required you to leave the game , or even if it was simply a part of a menu , it would n't be nearly as compelling a feature . I can turn the 3D off before handing the system to my son , or bring the level all the way up for a single cut-scene . It 's convenient , and this is important because there 's no one-size-fits-all setting for the games .
Steel Diver looks great with the 3D slider all the way up . It does n't add a ton of depth , but it does give more weight to the feeling that you 're underwater , and some of the little details in the game—the schools of fish and the rainbows above the water 's surface—really pop in 3D . My eyes never felt strained or sore , and the 3D effect looked weak when dialed down .
In Madden I was unable to keep the 3D on at all . There are too many details and bits of information to take in between plays , and having my eyes constantly adjust to the 3D field and then the 2D text was incredibly hard , to the point where my head began to ache after only a few minutes . Turn the 3D off , and the problem goes away . When you 're playing games on the 3DS , you become acutely aware of what your eyes focus on , and smart developers are going to have to pay close attention to how their menus are laid out .
Pilotwings Resort is a game that was n't as easy to nail down . With the 3D maximized , it was hard to switch focus between my vehicle and the environment , but it sure did look cool . If the 3D was turned all the down I am actually at a disadvantage , since the ability to perceive depth offers some clues about where I am in relation to other objects in the game world . Twitchy things like landing with the rocket belt become much easier .
For my money , the sweet spot with the 3D slider is about 30 percent of full power . Enough to get a sense of depth , but not so strong that your head hurts . There is one mission with the squirrel suit—which feels like a more controlled way to skydive— and for that incredibly fun portion of the game I turned the 3D slider all the way up , and felt dizzy in the best way .
It 's a constant adjustment
People who have strong opinions about the 3DS may find that the reality of the hardware is much more nuanced , as the games all use 3D effects in different ways and require a different setting for comfortable play . Sometimes I would turn it off just to give my eyes a rest , or turn it up to take in a pretty piece of scenery . The option is always there , just a flick away .
The 3DS would not be nearly as effective or fun to play if that little slider were taken away or obscured in some way . In a system that does as many things wrong as it does right , the real-time 3D adjustment has quickly become the hardware 's most-used feature .
The 120-nation Nonaligned Movement has denounced the U.S. Supreme Court 's ruling giving access to $ 2 billion in frozen Iranian assets to the victims of attacks linked to Tehran .
The movement is comprised mainly of developing countries and is headed by Iran . It called the U.S. court decision on April 23 a violation of international law granting immunity to sovereign states .
The movement 's May 5 communique follows Iran 's appeal to the United Nations last week to intervene with the U.S. government to prevent the loss of its funds .
The movement warned that the United States ' failure to respect state immunity could have `` adverse implications , including uncertainty and chaos in international relations . ''
The court ruled that the families of victims of a 1983 bombing in Lebanon and other attacks linked to Iran can collect nearly $ 2 billion in frozen funds from Iran as compensation .
The court 's ruling directly affects more than 1,300 relatives of victims , some who have been seeking compensation for more than 30 years .
Iran denies any links to the attacks .
Based on reporting by AP and Press TV
Chicago Independent Television is the monthly TV series of the Chicago Independent Media Center .
ON THE SHOW IN AUGUST 2012 : MORE ON THE 2012 NATO SUMMIT PROTESTS
We devote this episode to our continuing coverage of the protests and events surrounding the Chicago 2012 NATO summit .
Noam Chomsky on Why Protest NATO
Last May , tens of thousands of protesters hit the streets in response to the NATO summit being held in Chicago . Just before the summit , the Chicago Independent Media Center solicited a statement from the esteemed professor Noam Chomsky on the significance of protesting NATO . This was their response .
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=N06HiBA0oOwt=2m27s
NATO Protesters Clash with Police
The NATO summit that took place in Chicago last May wrapped up on Sunday , May 20 , 2012 . On that final day of the summit , police confronted protesters . Here is a video from the front lines of that march .
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=N06HiBA0oOwt=6m42s
Activists Condemn Police Violence
Just after last May 's NATO summit wrapped up , Chicago activists held a press conference . Here are some statements from protesters at the press conference :
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=N06HiBA0oOwt=14m14s
WATCH THE SHOW on Chicago Indymedia at this link :
http : //dadaarchive.chicago.indymedia.org/mod/info/display/television/ind ...
WATCH THE SHOW on our YouTube Channel at this link :
http : //www.youtube.com/CIMC
DOWNLOAD THE SHOW on iTunes :
http : //itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/chicago-independent-television/id2694 ...
CHICAGO INDEPENDENT TELEVISION IS CABLECAST ON CAN TV ( cable channel 19 in Chicago ) on the first and third Monday of the month at 11PM . Learn more about CAN TV :
http : //www.cantv.org
ON DISH NETWORK AND DIRECTV ON NATIONAL SATELLITE :
Chicago Independent Television airs on national satellite , on Free Speech TV ( Dish Network channel 9415 and DirecTV channel 348 ) at these dates and times ( all times CT ) :
Sunday , August 19 - 5AM
Monday , August 20 - 2AM
Sunday , August 25 - 6AM and 1PM
Sunday , August 26 - 5AM
WHO WE ARE :
We are the Chicago Indymedia Video Collective . We operate along the same lines as Indymedia , fostering the same ideals and processes . We are a collective of media producers , activists , videographers and concerned citizens offering your alternative to mainstream corporate coverage of local and international events , movements and expression . In the summer of 2003 the idea of an independent television show , free from corporate bias and serving the needs of the community , was conceived . Chicago Independent Television is the result of that movement .
Our mission is to provide YOUR CORPORATE NEWS ALTERNATIVE .
PLEASE JOIN US !
Our Video Collective typically meets at 7PM every 1st and 3rd Monday of the month . We encourage individuals interested in contributing to the show to attend a meeting . Note : We often change meeting venues , so please contact us for details if you want to attend a meeting .
OUR WISH LIST :
Our work requires supplies and equipment . We are gladly accepting the following resources :
External Hard Drives
Blank Mini-DV Tapes
Blank DVDs
Lights
DVD cases
Microphones
Camcorders and Camcorder Batteries
DVD burners
Money
CONTACT INFORMATION :
Please submit any video material , bumpers , artwork or queries to the Chicago Independent Media Center :
773-384-8544
http : //chicago.indymedia.org
or email us : imc-chicago-video ( at ) lists.indymedia.org
Our web page on Chicago Indymedia :
http : //www.chicagoindependenttv.org
From left to right : Ashley Waddell , Ryan Thompson , and their children Gaven and Bridgit . ( Photo : Submitted photo/Special to the Register )
A Des Moines father who died after reportedly being punched once in the face was not killed by a blow to the head , according to the Polk County Medical Examiner .
An autopsy found that Ryan Thompson had large amounts of methamphetamine in their system when they died from a hemorrhagic stroke , according to Gregory Schmunk , the medical examiner . There is no evidence that they died from a punch to the head , they said .
`` It 's an accidental death because of the meth . It raises your blood pressure acutely and can cause a stroke , '' Schmunk said .
According to a police report , Thompson , 32 , was standing in the driveway of their south-side home the afternoon of July 10 when a man reportedly approached him , shouting that Thompson owed them money . The man struck Thompson once in the face .
Thompson was dazed , but they made their way inside the home . Officers reported that they were speaking unintelligibly and slurring their words . They died a day later at Iowa Methodist Medical Center .
`` ( Meth ) will cause an increase in blood pressure … because it 's a stimulant . If your brain is susceptible to hemorrhage , then you may have a stroke , '' Schmunk said .
A hemorrhagic stroke results when a weakened vessel ruptures and bleeds into the brain . The accumulating blood presses against the surrounding brain tissue .
Thompson 's fiancee told police that they did not know the man who punched him . They pulled up in a dark sedan and drove away after throwing one punch . A 10-year-old witness described the suspect as a white man in their 40s , with long , slicked-back black hair and a clean-shaven face .
Although a single punch to the head causing death is uncommon , it 's not impossible , Dr. Einar Bogason , a neurosurgeon with Mercy Medical Center in a recent interview .
`` They could have a skull fracture and it could be that there 's a bleed inside the skull , '' they said .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225 . Delivery : Varies Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
Bogason said it 's possible for a person to lose consciousness , wake up and experience an interval of semi-consciousness .
`` If nobody is with them and they just decide to sleep it off , they could actually not wake up after that , '' Bogason said .
Detectives had identified the person they believe threw the punch , but no charges have been filed . An attorney representing Thompson 's family said Wednesday that it 's their intention to file a wrongful death lawsuit in civil court against the man who threw the punch .
Sgt . Paul Parizek of the Des Moines Police Department said detectives are still waiting on additional medical test results .
Thompson 's ex-wife , Ashley Waddell , 32 , described them as an amazing father to their two children , Gaven and Bridgit .
`` He was the life of every party . They were so funny and had a huge heart . They truly made everyone light up the moment they stepped in the room , '' Waddell said .
Read or Share this story : http : //dmreg.co/2bWm11c
SANTA ANA – A former Orange County sheriff 's deputy was sentenced to six months in jail and three years of probation on Tuesday for insurance fraud after engaging in heavy CrossFit exercises while collecting compensation for work-related injuries .
Nicholas Zappas , 36 , of Laguna Niguel pleaded guilty to six misdemeanor counts of insurance fraud , the Orange County District Attorney 's Office said . In addition to jail and probation , they must pay $ 34,838 in restitution to the county and also $ 1,000 to the Worker 's Compensation Fraud Assessment Fund , prosecutors said .
Prosecutors said Zappas , a 14-year Sheriff 's Department veteran , was working in the Harbor Patrol division in April 2015 when they tripped over a fire hose and fell on their back . They filed a worker 's compensation insurance claim for injuries to their left shoulder , left side of their neck and lower back .
A doctor placed them on work restrictions of no lifting , pushing or pulling anything greater than 10 pounds , prosecutors said . The Sheriff 's Department accommodated the work restrictions , with Zappas assigned to dispatch , while they received insurance money through their worker 's compensation claim .
But authorities said they failed to disclose their true physical abilities and activities to their doctors and lied under oath .
From May to November 2015 , prosecutors said , Zappas engaged in CrossFit , a high-impact exercise . Prosecutors said they lifted more than 200 pounds in weights , and did box jumps , squats and other activities in contradiction to the limits imposed by their doctors .
They were charged with 11 felony counts of insurance fraud and seven felony counts of perjury under oath and had faced up to 16 years in prison .
Contact the writer : kpuente @ ocregister.com
Max Coloma , 33 , shares a little apartment in the district of San Martín de Porres . It 's one of the poorer suburbs of Lima where crime thrives after the sun has gone down . But for the Venezuelan former lawyer this does n't matter ; compared to Venezuela , where hunger and violence has pushed the country to the edge of collapse , the streets of Lima are a paradise . At least it 's possible to walk around in Peru without having to fear for your life .
Read more : Several killed in anti-government demos in Venezuela
When they came to Peru about two years ago , Coloma started out by making arepas - a type of corn flour bread , sold everywhere in Venezuela . Waiting at bus stops and other busy places , they sold these Venezuelan traditional delicacies to passersby . Now their venture has evolved into a delivery service . In their apartment kitchen , this Venezuelan bends over their small stove to cook their meals . Simple sandwiches have turned into a unique kind of fusion food , mixing the Peruvian kitchen with recipes from their home country Venezuela .
`` At first , Peruvians were a bit suspicious of my food . I guess they are a bit of food snobs , very proud of their traditional dishes , '' says Coloma laughing . `` But once they started to try it , they actually really liked it . So now my deliveries are advertised mainly by word of mouth , '' they told DW .
Max Coloma hopes to build a new life in Peru and says it will take years for Venezuela to recover
Coloma 's story is just one of many examples of the entrepreneurial skills of the thousands of recently arrived Venezuelans who are tried to make a living in the bustling capital of Peru . Having fled repression and hardships back home , the Venezuelans are welcome in this Andean country . In February of this year , Peru gave out a first set of temporary working permits for all Venezuelans who were residing in the country at that time , thus , giving them the opportunity to set up a company or start a job . These Permisos Temporal de Permanencia ( PTP ) , gave Venezuelans the possibility to work legally for a year , after which they can apply for an extension .
Read more : Venezuela : United in poverty
Venezuelans who have no criminal record and entered the country legally can apply for the permits . Initially , 5,000 PTP 's were to be issued , but according to government statistics , already more than 11,000 Venezuelans have received the permit after the period was extended the first time .
Political preferences do not count
`` It 's interesting to realize that many Venezuelans who come to Peru now , actually have Peruvian ancestors who fled the civil war in the 1980s , '' says Oscar Pérez Torres , a former politician who has been living in exile in Peru since 2009 ( no relation to Oscar Pérez , a police officer who stole a helicopter and fired at the supreme court in Caracas in June ) . Pérez , who has become the spokesperson for the Venezuelan diaspora in Peru , has been in direct contact with Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski to vouch for their fellow Venezuelans .
Pérez came out on a Sunday to visit a Venezuelan food festival in Lima , where some 20 Venezuelan entrepreneurs like Coloma shared with others their food , drinks or Venezuelan artefacts . A young couple had a fruit punch called Tizana , which they normally sell on the streets of the low-class Peruvian neighborhood of Los Olivos ; another couple started their own line of ponche crema , a typical creamy rum drink .
A recurring theme is that all the Venezuelan entrepreneurs have their workshops in their own living rooms , starting life from scratch in this new country . `` Political preferences do n't count among the Venezuelan diaspora in Peru , '' says Pérez , referring to the strong schism in their home country between a shrinking group of chavistas who still support the government and the protesters in the streets . `` In the end , everyone agrees that it 's important to make a living like a normal person , and that 's not possible anymore in Venezuela . ''
Oscar Pérez represents the Venezuelan diaspora in Peru
The capacity and the willingness
According to Pérez there is a huge need for extra working permits because of the increased number of Venezuelans arriving in Peru over the past few weeks and the many more expected to come due to the surge in violence in Venezuela . `` The good thing is , '' says Pérez , `` Peru does indeed have the capacity to take them in . And they have the willingness to do so too . ''
Read more : Brazil braced for influx of Venezuelan refugees
Meanwhile Max Coloma says they will stay in Peru and try to move from delivery services to opening a fusion food restaurant . Even if the Venezuelan government were to fall today paving the way for political stability , Coloma believes so much damage has been done to the society that it will take at least 10 years to restore .
`` I have to be realistic , '' they say . `` These are the productive years of my life . Now I 'm building up something of a life here in Lima , and if I would have to leave that behind to start all over again from scratch for a second time , that would be a problem . ''
Brandi Glanville is getting all unfiltered again ! In light of their verrrrry good friend Kim Richards ‘ arrest last week , Brandi confirms she 's still in contact with the troubled former reality star – and she 's talking to Kathy Hilton . Kathy thinks BRANDI is a good influence and wants them involved ? Hmmmmmm…
Brandi reveals that they spoke to Kim this weekend . “ She 's going through it . She 's struggling right now . All I can do as a friend is just be there for them and not talk about them in the media ! ! – I ca n't fix what 's going on . I 'm there for them I love her , but unfortunately there 's some stuff going on . ”
CLICK THE CONTINUE READING BUTTON FOR MORE !
Brandi echos that Kim has a lot of family support and confirms Kim is speaking to their sisters – yes , even Kyle Richards . “ I talk to Kathy a lot just because of what 's going on with Kim , ” says the former Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star . “ I do n't talk to Kyle at all , but I know they 're all in communication with each other . ”
I honestly feel bad for Kyle , this woman – Brandi – trashes their husband , their business , her , spills their family drama all over the media for attention , yet Kathy and Kim still participate in a relationship with her ? ! SO disrespectful .
“ There is a softer side of me , ” insists Brandi . A softer side that was n't shown on Housewives . “ I have my kids half the time , but the other half of the time I get myself in a little trouble , ” they admit . “ It happens… But that 's when the cameras are on and the kids are gone . ”
Brandi also spoke out about the current status of their relationship with Eddie Cibrian , explaining it “ ebbs and flows ” a lot . Brandi and their ex-other half still are n't above fighting in public . “ The other day we were at a concert and we had a little spat in front of all of the other parents , ” they laugh . “ Because we have kids together we 're gon na be in each other 's lives forever . I want the best for him . And we do what we can do . ”
Brandi confirms that where parenthood is concerned they and Eddie are on the same page about how their children are raised . “ Both of our parents are still together , we were brought up very similarly , we did n't have a lot of money… We have the same morals… well , when it comes to the kids , ” they tell KTLA .
As for what 's next for Brandi , sadly , they confirm she 'll occasionally be appearing on RHOBH , but not as a Housewife . “ Ultimately they did n't ask me back full-time . Sporadically I 'm coming back. ” Brandi said they wanted to return as a full-time Housewife , but “ it was n't in the cards . ”
PHOTOS – BRANDI GLANVILLE : A RETROSPECTIVE !
Now that she 's done with Housewives Brandi is plugging their wine , Unfiltered Blonde and , again , reminds us , “ There 's another television project in the works. “
Brandi says wine sales are going great ! “ I love my chardonnay as everyone knows , so it made sense ! I 'm really excited about it because it 's really taking off right now. ” When asked about their fellow Housewife wine-purveyor Ramona Singer , Brandi refused to answer . For once . “ Do n't even get me started on that woman , ” they snapped .
Well there you have it – Brandi is still meddling in Richards family drama , they will be occasionally appearing on RHOBH , she 'll never get along with Eddie – even though they swear they will , and she 's still unfiltered and drunk ! And loving it ! So basically nothing has changed at all .
TELL US – ARE YOU SURPRISED BRANDI HAS STAYED FRIENDS WITH KIM ?
[ Photo Credit : Twitter ]
It turns out a lot of people did n't need a cable subscription to watch one of the biggest cable events of the fall TV season . CNN attracted a record number of viewers late Wednesday with its free live stream of the second Republican primary debate . As of 9:40 p.m . ET , the service had nearly 1 million concurrent viewers , according to CNN 's Brian Stelter .
Record traffic for CNN live stream . 920,000 concurrent viewers as of 9:40pm . Details on our @ CNNPolitics live blog : http : //t.co/bbYXjKS7dg — Brian Stelter ( @ brianstelter ) September 17 , 2015
In offering the live stream to non-cable subscribers , CNN achieved its goal of attracting cable cord-cutters and cord-nevers to the much-anticipated debate , which included a number of fiery exchanges and heated moments between the 11 leading GOP hopefuls .
But some online viewers found themselves throwing up their hands -- and maybe throwing their iPads out the window -- when the stream experienced interruptions and delays . A number of social media users reported problems with the stream as the debate telecast got underway .
Live stream of # CNNDebate is unwatchable , interruptions every 15 seconds . Nice try @ CNN . — James Houston ( @ jamesbhouston ) September 17 , 2015
@ angelbw @ CNN No complaints so far , although i have no idea how many people this stream can hold for a capacity . : ) — WaveFoundation ( @ WaveFoundation ) September 17 , 2015
@ cnngo cnn 's `` free online streaming '' of the repubdebate keeps crashing # epicfail — Paul DeMarco ( @ pmdemarco ) September 17 , 2015
I ca n't really watch ANY of the debate now ; stream is crapping out every minute or so . @ CNN # GOPDebate — Jason Fuller ( @ BlueLightsShine ) September 17 , 2015
. @ CNN live stream is going on the fritz . Too many people watching ? Please fix # GOPDebate — Tyler O'Neil ( @ Tyler2ONeil ) September 17 , 2015
Crashes and service interruptions are not uncommon when large numbers of viewers converge on streaming events at the same time . No one knows that more than CNN 's parent company , Time Warner Inc. , which has suffered through high-profile crashes during episodes of HBO 's popular series “ Game of Thrones ” last year .
Typically , CNN Go , the network 's over-the-top service , requires users to verify their pay-TV providers . Stelter said in a blog post Wednesday that nearly 80 percent of households already have access to CNN through a traditional cable or satellite service , but the said debate had a level of public interest that warranted the freebee . CNN provided free online access to the event -- which took place at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Library in Simi Valley , California -- allowing viewers to watch the fireworks on CNN.com even if they do n't have a cable subscription .
The televised brawl , which included some memorable heated exchanges between billionaire Donald Trump and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina , is expected to bring CNN its largest audience in a long time . As a barometer of public interest , last month 's Republican debate on Fox News attracted a staggering 24 million viewers , a record for a cable telecast of a non-sports event .
Christopher Zara covers media and culture . News tips ? Email me here . Follow me on Twitter @ christopherzara .
“ Our guess or our theory is that it has something to do with the nature of arts careers , that they 're more flexible in terms of employment , that they 're more project-based , ” says Lindemann , an assistant professor of sociology at Lehigh University . “ Some arts careers are done in an office 9-to-5 , but more often you can work from home and it 's not the typical [ situation where ] you have to be in the office for this certain amount of time . It 's more of a project-based labor market . ”
Lindemann hypothesizes that another part of the equation might be that artists are more likely to challenge gendered traditions . As a result , chores and childcare—unpaid work that traditionally falls on females—might be more evenly divided in artists ' households . “ It 's possible that artists may be more liberal than the general population , or … that artists maybe have more egalitarian ideas about child-rearing , so they 're sharing more equally in that sphere , ” says Lindemann .
But Lindemann says that artistic careers are n't exactly a utopia for women : The pay gap exists , and fathers still receive a bonus , meaning their wages go up relative to men without kids . So even though women working in the arts are n't experiencing the motherhood penalty ( wages going down relative to women without kids ) , they are still penalized because they 're not getting the premium that many fathers are seeing .
Other research has specifically studied which mothers pay a motherhood penalty and why . The research of Melissa Binder , an associate professor of economics at the University of New Mexico , along with their co-authors Deborah Anderson and Kate Krause , has found that highly educated women pay a high price to become mothers , as briefly “ stopping out ” of the labor force leads employers to believe that their skills and knowledge are outdated . But for women with high-school degrees , Binder and their co-authors found that middle-skill mothers suffered more prolonged and severe wage losses , likely because they are employed in jobs that do n't allow for flexibility .
Binder sees some overlaps between their findings and those of Lindemann and their colleagues . “ Highly educated women can work after-hours to make up for taking a kid to the doctor . Women who work in low-skill jobs can find shift work that allows them to pick their kids up after school , ” they explain . “ A mom-artist presumably does not need to ‘ stop out , ' and their work can be done at any hour . So it makes sense , from our findings , that they wo n't be penalized , relative to a woman who has no kids . ”
Lindemann 's study lends credence to the idea that a flexible work schedule can alleviate the wage penalties working mothers often see in the workplace . Claudia Goldin , an economics professor at Harvard who has done some of the most influential research on the gender gap , has found smaller pay gaps in the technology , science , and health sectors—fields that tend to offer more flexibility . Conversely , they found bigger gaps in fields with more rigid schedules , such as those in corporate , financial , and legal professions .
As flexible schedules become more common for some white-collar workers , it 's worth studying careers without motherhood penalties to see what else it could be about these jobs that make them more equal . The results could have interesting implications on the continuing restructuring of work , and the efforts to change traditions in the interest of wage equality .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
Fungie the Dingle harbour dolphin has sustained a deep blade cut , probably by the propeller of a visiting boat , with a scratch going as far as the dorsal fin .
The cut on the dolphin is deep , wide and red and was spotted yesterday .
The dolphin 's fanpage on Facebook ‘ Fungie Forever ' says while Fungie lovers are “ gutted ” followers should not panic .
It says Fungie after staying quiet and under the water for a while re-emerged to jump and play .
“ It looks deep , wide and red but we have seen deeper wounds on other dolphins that healed quite well . ”
The much loved dolphin has sustained injuries before , to their chin and has recovered .
“ Fungie has always healed well , ” their fans are reassured .
Fungie knows the local boats , and the danger of their propeller blades , but they are sometimes attracted to visiting boats .
The bottlenose dolphin first emerged in the harbour around 1983 playing alongside the boats of fishermen returning to Dingle . They named them Fungie .
They have remained in the harbour and they have spawned a whole industry .
Eight Fungie boats operate to carry passengers to see the dolphin and souvenirs , photographs and books crowd the local shops .
A sculpture of the dolphin is at the entrance to the marina .
Attempted rape is now punishable by chemical castration in South Korea .
According to Yonhap News , an amendment to a law punishing sex offenders was passed on Friday by the National Assembly . The amendment expanded the scope of the existing punishment to include people found guilty of attempted rape .
Sexual assault crimes which eventually lead to injury or the death of minors can also be castrated using chemical agents which are administered via injection or tablets . The procedure is intended to strip a person 's sex drive , compulsive sexual fantasies , and capacity for sexual arousal , thus removing the person 's ability to perform sexual acts .
\
However , such effects are reversible as soon as the person is no longer administered with the drug . The law stipulates that offenders could be subject to the treatment for as long as 15 years .
South Korea became the first Asian country to adopt such penalty in 2011 , initially directed toward pedophiles after several high-profile sex crimes against minors . The law faced massive criticisms over its implementation back then since rapists released after the “ treatment ” were observed to repeat their crimes anyway .
People who engage in voyeurism , filming parts of people 's bodies using a hidden camera , remain excluded from the amendment . According to Korea Herald , the government had proposed earlier this year that the secret photographing of people must also be punished by chemical castration .
Feature image via Youtube /Channel News Asia
Time for the second installment of The Completist , wherein I take a look at those SFF series which have concluded publication . In this installment , I take a look at a series which is over twenty years old and has remained in print an on the shelves since . Let 's have a look at C.S . Friedman 's dark fantastic saga , The Coldfire Trilogy .
After publishing two well-received far future SF novels ( The Madness Season and In Conquest Born ) , Celia S. Friedman ( better known by the name on their books as C.S . Friedman ) turned their storytelling lens to something a bit different – a dark fantasy trilogy that still owes a debt to the Science Fictional roots of their first two novels . When Black Sun Rising published in 1991 with that gorgeous Michael Whelan cover , the Coldfire Trilogy had begun . The trilogy is a seamless blend of fantasy , horror , and science fiction . Although the story takes place on a world – Erna – colonized by humans in the far future more than 1,000 years prior to the events of the novel , little of that comes through in the present of the novels ; the world operates , and people manipulate the world , more through supernatural/fantasy elements rather than technology and science . This fantastical element is The Fae and wraps the entire world , working off of people 's thoughts and emotions . The Fae manifests a person 's fears and it was only through a erosion of technology that humanity was able to reach a balance with Fae . All of this informs the world and how the characters move through the plot .
The first novel , Black Sun Rising , introduces our primary character – a priest of the Church of Human Unification , Damian Vryce , who is tasked with assisting the Church with teaching initiates of the uses of Fae manipulation . They meet Ciani , an Adept ( people who can sense the Fae ) in the city of Jaggonath . A mutual attraction develops between Ciani and Damien ; however Ciani 's shop is destroyed in an explosion , leaving their wounded thanks to demonic creatures that have sapped their will and memories . As a result , Vryce puts their salvation ahead of their church-appointed task .
On their journey , they come across the character for which this series might be best known – Gerald Tarrant . Tarrant is many things : snarky , a sociopath , a liar , a murderer , a martyr…but altogether they are an extremely fascinating character . They have lived for 900 years and their alias , “ The Hunter ” , is an infamous myth/legend of darkness and fear . The description of their appearance as well as other attributes lend a vampiric air to him . Through much of their journey , they and Damien butt heads , mainly because of Damien 's primary problem with The Hunter is that they epitomize everything for which the Church stands against . On one hand , Tarrant provided assistance ; on the other , their very nature requires the church-bound Damien to destroy the human embodiment of the Church 's evil .
The traveling companions , including Hesseth , who can communicate with the rakh , enter the Rakhlands , after first passing through a fluctuating supernatural gate . The Rakhlands , as one might surmise , are inhabited by the Rakh , a species native to Erna possessing a blending of human and feline attributes , that holds great contempt for humans . The companions seek to defeat the Keeper of Souls , a sorcerer who sent the demonic creatures to Ciani 's shop to gather Ciani 's soul .
Much of the novel is a travelogue through dark and fantastic lands and ends when Damien and Tarrant return , much changed after their encounter with the Keeper of Souls , to the human lands from whence they came .
The second novel , When True Night Falls , charts a different journey , though the players of Damien , Hesseth , and Tarrant remain . The prologue illuminating the past of Erna precedes the main story of the novel , revealing that Erna is a planet colonized by humans from Earth centuries prior to the events of the trilogy . At the time , this was an inventive twist on the genre , placing what was thought to be a fantasy setting/story in the future of humanity . Granted , Jack Vance 's Dying Earth has a fantasy feel to it , but it is explicitly set on our world in the far future .
Our dark fantasy buddies chart a course to the mysterious Eastern Continent where technology is more advanced than on the Western continent , where Vryce and Tarrant have lived their lives . The Church on this continent is run by women who are actually disguised demonic rakh encountered in the Black Sun Rising . They discover the source of the corruption ( the Prince and their demonic servant Calesta ) while also discovering an imprisoned girl named Jenseny .
Throughout the novel , Tarrant , Vryce , and Jenseny try to put an end to the Prince 's corruption but difficulties include the Prince 's ability to shift bodies and their overwhelming control of every facet of the land . Demonic beasts and bone-like sentient trees do their bidding and thwart our protagonists at every turn . The novel 's conclusion brings Tarrant more into the heroic spotlight , further cementing their appeal as a dark protagonist/anti-hero .
The final volume , Crown of Shadows , introduces something unexpected – Andrys Tarrant , lone surviving human of the Tarrant bloodline who appears nearly identical to Gerald . Andrys has allied with the Patriarch of the Church seeking vengeance on their father since dear old dad killed the entire family in a grab for power . The other conflict in this novel is a carryover from When True Night Falls as the demonic ( called here by Friedman Iezu ) Calesta becomes the primary antagonist . Tarrant is finally given an ultimatum by Damien 's church , find an alternate method of sustaining their immortality or they will destroy him . Damien 's moral , personal problems with the Church of Human Unification come to head as the novel and trilogy come to a close .
These novels really stood out to me at the time I read them , over a decade ago now . Initially published in the early 1990s when much of the fantasy on the shelves had a clearer delineation between good and evil , The Coldfire Trilogy walks that tightrope with the character of Gerald Tarrant . They possess an air of nobility , but he 's done things that would turn any normal person 's soul into knots . Though different in some respects as an Anti-hero from characters like Matthew Stover 's Caine/Hari Michaelson , Joe Abercrombie 's varied characters or Mark Lawrence 's Jorg Ancrath , Tarrant could be seen as a spiritual predecessor to those characters .
Friedman precedes each of the three novels with a brief prologue . In Black Sun Rising , a woman returns to their castle to find their children huddling in death , only to be brutally murdered herself . As we later learn , this is the sacrifice that transformed Gerald Tarrant . Not a cheery scene , but it sets the underlying tone of dread for the book and series itself . The prologue for When True Night Falls recounts an early encounter between Colonists from Earth and the forces that dominate Erna , firmly establishing the Science Fictional nature of the story . These two prologues ; however , evoke more of a horror feel than SF or even Fantasy . The prologue to Crown of Shadows reveals that not all of Tarrant 's family was murdered in the sacrifice introducing Andrys Tarrant , the man whose lust for revenge drives the novel .
Part of what initially caught my fancy with these books are the iconic covers by Michael Whelan , whose art has graced many a book from the fine folks at DAW . Thematically , the three covers are very similar with a figure in the center standing against a fantastical landscape , surrounded by bizarre trees . I think these covers are some of Whelan 's best work .
Admittedly , some of my fondness for this series could be related to the time frame when I read the books . When my wife and I got married , we honeymooned in Hawaii and these books accompanied me for the long plane ride . That having been said , the darkness and horror element of the story combined with the science fictional framework in this trilogy adds a depth to the Epic Fantasy / Quest narrative . Nearly a decade and a half after initially reading these three books , the unique feel of the world and conflict of the characters remains strongly entrenched in my memories . The Coldfire Trilogy has remained in print and on the shelves since initial publication twenty years ago , proving that it has connected with and continues to connect with a great many readers .
Like this : Like Loading ...
AEON is a side project for one of the Monero devs . IMO , AEON is kinda-sorta Monero 's little sister . Smooth has implemented some neat features into AEON - some of which I hope to make their way back to Monero.One of the AEON pools has also implemented a variable fee system based on the percentage of total hash . As the pool gets closer to 50 % , the fee increases . That 's pretty cool.Also , I 'd love to see an AEON version of MoneroDice.AEON is crazy cheap to purchase ... and mining is also an option ... the difficulty is still pretty low .
I do n't know where else to put this , and god knows why my brain came up with it while I was doing something totally unrelated . But it seems monero community is only one talking about i2p or any real decentralization . Combine i2p with wireless mesh network - effectively create secondary private internet . Integrate into software some kind of Namecoin-like registrar , except the registrar-system is blockless - single transaction per `` block '' , but no need for DAG branches etc - still able to maintain linearity . Really just adding data to a consensus database . Can hopefully prevent spamming the database by linking the ability to `` transact '' ( add to the ledger ) to a one time token coupled to whatever is used to `` identify '' nodes in i2p . In this system , every node is essentially a DNS - the information coupling a human-readable address ( monero.com.di - for decentralized internet . extant systems would use the new layer to know to route to the new network ) to the actual address is on the node . Due to the nature of this hypothetical network , if you ca n't find an entry on your local node , you can request from other notes ( similar to SPV or getblocks or something ) . Ultimately , required infrastructure includes wifi router firmware that will connect to other wifi routers running the firmware . High density areas would obviously work easily ( there 's a router in every home ) . Bridges between high population areas could be done through the extant internet or microsatellites .
I do n't know where else to put this , and god knows why my brain came up with it while I was doing something totally unrelated . But it seems monero community is only one talking about i2p or any real decentralization . Combine i2p with wireless mesh network - effectively create secondary private internet . Integrate into software some kind of Namecoin-like registrar , except the registrar-system is blockless - single transaction per `` block '' , but no need for DAG branches etc - still able to maintain linearity . Really just adding data to a consensus database . Can hopefully prevent spamming the database by linking the ability to `` transact '' ( add to the ledger ) to a one time token coupled to whatever is used to `` identify '' nodes in i2p . In this system , every node is essentially a DNS - the information coupling a human-readable address ( monero.com.di - for decentralized internet . extant systems would use the new layer to know to route to the new network ) to the actual address is on the node . Due to the nature of this hypothetical network , if you ca n't find an entry on your local node , you can request from other notes ( similar to SPV or getblocks or something ) . Ultimately , required infrastructure includes wifi router firmware that will connect to other wifi routers running the firmware . High density areas would obviously work easily ( there 's a router in every home ) . Bridges between high population areas could be done through the extant internet or microsatellites .
I do n't know where else to put this , and god knows why my brain came up with it while I was doing something totally unrelated . But it seems monero community is only one talking about i2p or any real decentralization . Combine i2p with wireless mesh network - effectively create secondary private internet . Integrate into software some kind of Namecoin-like registrar , except the registrar-system is blockless - single transaction per `` block '' , but no need for DAG branches etc - still able to maintain linearity . Really just adding data to a consensus database . Can hopefully prevent spamming the database by linking the ability to `` transact '' ( add to the ledger ) to a one time token coupled to whatever is used to `` identify '' nodes in i2p . In this system , every node is essentially a DNS - the information coupling a human-readable address ( monero.com.di - for decentralized internet . extant systems would use the new layer to know to route to the new network ) to the actual address is on the node . Due to the nature of this hypothetical network , if you ca n't find an entry on your local node , you can request from other notes ( similar to SPV or getblocks or something ) . Ultimately , required infrastructure includes wifi router firmware that will connect to other wifi routers running the firmware . High density areas would obviously work easily ( there 's a router in every home ) . Bridges between high population areas could be done through the extant internet or microsatellites .
I do n't know where else to put this , and god knows why my brain came up with it while I was doing something totally unrelated . But it seems monero community is only one talking about i2p or any real decentralization . Combine i2p with wireless mesh network - effectively create secondary private internet . Integrate into software some kind of Namecoin-like registrar , except the registrar-system is blockless - single transaction per `` block '' , but no need for DAG branches etc - still able to maintain linearity . Really just adding data to a consensus database . Can hopefully prevent spamming the database by linking the ability to `` transact '' ( add to the ledger ) to a one time token coupled to whatever is used to `` identify '' nodes in i2p . In this system , every node is essentially a DNS - the information coupling a human-readable address ( monero.com.di - for decentralized internet . extant systems would use the new layer to know to route to the new network ) to the actual address is on the node . Due to the nature of this hypothetical network , if you ca n't find an entry on your local node , you can request from other notes ( similar to SPV or getblocks or something ) . Ultimately , required infrastructure includes wifi router firmware that will connect to other wifi routers running the firmware . High density areas would obviously work easily ( there 's a router in every home ) . Bridges between high population areas could be done through the extant internet or microsatellites .
I do n't know where else to put this , and god knows why my brain came up with it while I was doing something totally unrelated . But it seems monero community is only one talking about i2p or any real decentralization . Combine i2p with wireless mesh network - effectively create secondary private internet . Integrate into software some kind of Namecoin-like registrar , except the registrar-system is blockless - single transaction per `` block '' , but no need for DAG branches etc - still able to maintain linearity . Really just adding data to a consensus database . Can hopefully prevent spamming the database by linking the ability to `` transact '' ( add to the ledger ) to a one time token coupled to whatever is used to `` identify '' nodes in i2p . In this system , every node is essentially a DNS - the information coupling a human-readable address ( monero.com.di - for decentralized internet . extant systems would use the new layer to know to route to the new network ) to the actual address is on the node . Due to the nature of this hypothetical network , if you ca n't find an entry on your local node , you can request from other notes ( similar to SPV or getblocks or something ) . Ultimately , required infrastructure includes wifi router firmware that will connect to other wifi routers running the firmware . High density areas would obviously work easily ( there 's a router in every home ) . Bridges between high population areas could be done through the extant internet or microsatellites .
To name an example of it done right , IMO : Monero 's 'simplewallet ' . It is a command-line utility wallet that communicates with the node software , and remembers where it was in the chain , and processes changes to the chain state since its last invocation when it 'refreshes ' . What is nice is that one can run an arbitary number of simplewallets against one node daemon , and unlike bitcoind 's wallet it does n't need to run as always-on daemon itself . It can be invoked when the user wants to do something with the wallet , or see if there are new transactions .
Murder of five members of Fogel family in Jewish settlement of Itamar has led to anger on both sides of divide
The children 's bicycles still lean up against the side of the house . A three-month-old pink notice pinned to the door announces the birth of baby Hadas . A battered blue sofa sags on the front porch .
But there are now new additions to the Fogel family home in the deeply religious Jewish settlement of Itamar . Crime scene tape surrounds the house , an Israeli flag flies from the gate , soldiers stand guard . Neighbours gather in the street in small groups , talking in low voices about the brutal murder of five members of the family on Friday night : mother , father , two children and three-month-old Hadas . All had their throats cut .
As forensic experts pick their way through the blood-soaked rooms , the settlement 's mayor , Moshe Goldschmidt , recounts the bare facts of the attack . At 9pm on Friday , they say , the security fence surrounding Itamar was breached , triggering an alarm . It was investigated but , believing it was caused by animals , the patrol did not alert Israeli soldiers in nearby military outposts .
The intruders went first to the house next to the Fogels ' , but it was empty . Then they watched the Fogel house , waiting patiently until a group of girls left with the eldest Fogel child , Tamar , aged 12 , at 10.15pm .
`` The terrorists entered the house , locked the door behind them and began butchering the family , '' said Goldschmidt . `` No one in the community had any idea what was going on . ''
At 11pm , they left through a window and climbed back over the fence , again triggering the alarm . Again the patrol inspected ; again the alarm was not raised .
At about midnight , Tamar returned from a youth event on the settlement and unexpectedly found the front door locked . They alerted a neighbour . Together they called to one of the two surviving children to open the door and discovered the scene of carnage inside . Two-year-old Yishai was covered in blood , saying `` wake up , daddy , wake up '' , according to Goldschmidt .
The murder of the Fogel family has devastated Israel , and shocked many Palestinians . The Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , described the killings as `` inhuman and immoral '' . Tens of thousands attended the funerals in Jerusalem on Sunday . The Israeli government has pledged `` an iron fist will land on the murderers '' and that hundreds of new homes will be built in West Bank settlements in response to the killings .
Itamar , home to about 1,000 people deep inside the West Bank , is no stranger to violence . A newly updated sign at the gate of the settlement says 22 of its inhabitants have been killed in recent years . Clashes between the settlers of Itamar and local Palestinian villages are frequent . Tension in the area has risen over recent months with the alleged destruction of olive trees and `` price tag '' operations - retribution against Palestinians by settlers for Israeli government constraints on the construction of new homes .
But no one anticipated the shocking bloodshed of Friday night . Itamar residents are reluctant to blame the settlement security procedures , instead pointing the finger at the government .
The defence minister , Ehud Barak , should resign , says David Ha'ivri of the Shomron Liaison Office , a regional settlers ' body . `` He has totally failed in protecting the people of Israel . Every time they have removed a checkpoint , we have paid the price in blood . ''
The community dismisses questions about its legal right to settle in the West Bank , on land that almost the entire world and many Israelis believe will be part of a future Palestinian state . Instead it rigidly adheres to divine right .
`` This is the heart of Israel , of our identity and our roots , '' says Goldschmidt 's wife , Lea . `` After 2,000 years of being exiled from our land , the remnant of the Jewish people has come together and returned . '' It is God 's work , they say , and `` a war for the Jewish people 's survival '' .
Them husband speaks of the Palestinians with bitter contempt . `` We see hatred all around us . What has n't Israel given for peace ? We are a people of peace . And all we 've got back is bloodshed . This is our home . We are here to stay and the world is going to have to live with that . ''
Friday 's horror has made Itamar stronger and more determined to grow , says Goldschmidt . `` We are going to triple the size of our community . ''
The Israeli government 's announcement on Sunday that it would permit the construction of more than 400 new homes in West Bank settlements is a derisory gesture , according to Ha'ivri . `` This does not honour the dead . It is an insult to us and to the dead . Our own government has been choking us for the past few years . '' Expansion of the settlements , they add , is an unassailable right , `` not a payment for these terrible murders '' .
Sitting on a low breeze-block wall a few metres from the Fogels ' house , Rivka , who did not want to give their surname , says God led their family to Itamar four years ago . Were their six children now frightened to live on the settlement ? `` No , children understand the situation very well . I trust God to save and guard my children . We will get stronger and stronger . ''
Normally when we have Teochew porridge , we would eat plain rice congee with a variety of savoury dishes like fried salted fish , braised peanuts , salted vegetables , taucheo ( fermented soy bean ) pork – all served separately . This recipe is like a 3-in-1 dish that combines pork , braised peanuts and salted fish . It might seem like an odd combination but with the right balance of seasonings , everything just works beautifully . And the end result would be a salty , savoury & saucy dish ( with a bit of a chilli kick ) that you can just serve with steamed rice or congee . The tenderness of the peanuts , slight chewiness ( and bite ) of the pork and crunch of the lotus root are simply delectable . If you like the regular taucheo pork , you 've got to give this recipe a try because taste wise , they are almost similar . Enjoy this recipe ! 🙂
Pork Shoulder with Salted Fish , Lotus Root & Braised Peanuts Recipe
Ingredients ( serves 3-4 )
250g pork shoulder , sliced
250g lotus root , thinly sliced
1 strip dried salted fish , soaked in water till soft & cut into small bits
1 can braise peanuts
4 cloves garlic , finely chopped
1 yellow onion , sliced
1 red chilli , sliced
olive oil
Seasonings :
1 1/2 cups broth ( I used lotus root soup )
1 tbsp oyster sauce
1 tsp light soy sauce
1 tsp dark soy sauce
1 tsp sugar
1 tsp sesame oil
1 tbsp chinese cooking wine
Instructions
1 . Heat a little olive oil in pan . Saute garlic and salted fish till fragrant .
2 . Add pork and stir fry till meat is no longer pink .
3 . Add lotus root , onions and chilli and briefly stir fry .
4 . Pour in seasonings and braised peanuts . Bring to a boil and then reduce heat to simmer for about 20 minutes till the sauce reduces .
Dinner consisted of Pork Shoulder with Salted Fish , Lotus Root & Braised Peanuts , Lotus Root Soup and Stir Fried Bok Choy 🙂 BBon appétit
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Reddit
Email
More
Like this : Like Loading ...
A pre-school located on the third floor of The Pinnacle @ Duxton in Tanjong Pagar was targeted by loan sharks yesterday morning , leaving residents of the premium public housing estate worried .
Red paint was splashed on the back door , walls and signboard of the Modern Montessori International at around 6am yesterday .
A spokesperson said the school was an innocent victim in the matter .
`` It could be an act against a parent who had withdrawn the children from school a couple of months ago , '' they said .
When The Straits Times visited at about 5pm yesterday , the signboard had been removed and workers were seen still trying to scrub off the paint from the walls and windows . There were also streaks of red paint on the floor .
The police said they received a call for assistance at about 6.30am yesterday . `` Upon arrival , it was established that a case of unlicensed moneylending harassment had occurred ... Police investigations are ongoing , '' they said .
There are two pre-schools located next to each other on the third floor of the residential complex . The third floor connects all seven blocks of the development .
A number of playgrounds can also be found on that floor .
The incident prompted unease among residents such as Madam Ganga Narangoda , 43 , who said it was surprising that loan sharks would choose to target an establishment filled with children .
`` I am very worried . This is an educational institution and such actions are not acceptable , '' said the housewife , who has a four-year-old son .
According to Chinese evening paper Shin Min Daily News , a note with a name and an address was found at the scene .
When The Straits Times visited the unit , also located at The Pinnacle @ Duxton , it appeared to be empty . The door was covered with a plastic sheet , with red paint splashed all over it , despite the presence of two closed-circuit television cameras directly outside the unit . There were also many letters left at the door .
Neighbours said the unit used to be occupied by a family with three or four children . They moved out in November last year .
One neighbour , who wanted to be known only as Mr Tan , said it was the third time the unit had been targeted by loan sharks .
The first incident , they said , took place a number of years ago , which prompted the owners to install the CCTV cameras .
MP for Tanjong Pagar GRC Indranee Rajah - who is also the Senior Minister of State , Ministry of Finance & Ministry of Law - posted this note on Facebook on Friday afternoon .
A while ago , DreamHack announced some new for this year 's StarCraft 2 tournaments also called DreamHack EIZO OPEN 2012 . This year DreamHack put a lot of focus on StarCraft 2 with bigger and more events , more prize money and more players . DreamHack has decided to have 6 events over the year and finish it with the Grand finals at DreamHack Winter 2012 .
The Events
DreamHack Open : Stockholm – April 21-22 ( Prize purse : SEK 150 000 )
DreamHack Open : Summer – June 16-19 ( Prize purse : SEK 200 000 )
DreamHack Open : Valencia – September 21-23 ( Prize purse : SEK 150 000 )
DreamHack Open : Bucharest – October 27-28 ( Prize purse : SEK 150 000 )
DreamHack Open : Winter Grand Final – November 22-25 ( Prize purse : SEK 550 000 )
It 's also a new system to how the tournaments should be . You will be able to sign up for the events for a tournament fee . It will start off with a group stage that will lead in to single elimination playoffs . Then the quarter-finals , semi-finals and the Grand final , which will be played on a stage before a huge audience .
All minor events will help players qualified for the Grand Final at DreamHack Winter 2012 . Top 2 from each event will be directly qualified to the finals , 12 players will come through the points that they earned out on the other events . There will be one last chance to qualify on DreamHack Winter when 4 players will have a place in the final player pool for the big Finals
UPDATE : The Academy just made the list official . Its release is below .
PREVIOUS EXCLUSIVE : Deadline has learned that the Visual Effects branch of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts And Sciences has narrowed the list of Oscar contenders for Achievement In Visual Effects to 10 films . Those 10 finalists are :
The Amazing Spider-Man
Cloud Atlas
The Dark Knight Rises
The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey
John Carter
Life Of Pi
Marvel 's The Avengers
Prometheus
Skyfall
Snow White And The Huntsman
Related : OSCARS : 11 Live Action Shorts Advance
Among the films passed over were Men In Black 3 , The Impossible , Flight , Looper , Total Recall , The Hunger Games and Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter .
There will be a “ bake-off ” with presentations from all finalists on January 3rd . The five nominees for Visual Effects will be announced with the rest of Oscar nominations January 10th . In a slight rule change , the VFX branch determined there would be 10 finalists . Previously it was anywhere from seven to 10 finalists from which the five nominees would then be selected .
Uh , I ` m sorry if this is not where it ` s supposed to be .
Two finds that I wanted to kind of share .
One is a 14 minute , 21 MIDI ? ear-copied medley .
http : //www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm2515783
The other is a mini-project they have with various artists . I don ` t know if they still are working on it , and/or if it ` s just a compilation or a actual project .
( So it ` s not a single circle . )
http : //www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm8341816
After reading descriptions and tag , the first video is under the samidare tag.Basically , ( assuming my translation capacoty did n't fail me ) a samidare are midis of touhou music done by hear , trying to get as closs as possible to the original.Fist link is a video of such a samidare where the author made a medley of 21 touhou melody which also include at least 3 ending themes at the end.The video was apparently popular enough to generate related videos and by extension a tag , the Touhou 21 songs medley About the second link , basically , there was a project where people posted their own videos which must follow a specific theme : starting and ending with a circle ( Japanese version mention the term `` Baton Pass ) '' .Afterward , they were made into a single video and music was added.Interestingly , said video also have the samidare tag . ^^Perhaps that for details it would be better to ask the person directly so here is its nico nico profile page : Also , welcome here . ^^
While the world rejoices in the aftermath of the enjoyable diversion in which a fake market surges on fake , politically-motivated data , which incidentally refutes the warning voiced last week by the Fed Chairman who has a far better grasp of the economy than the BLS , warned last week , the confluence of real events continues to indicate that something is brewing in the middle east . Only this time it is not the US adding another aircraft carrier to the three already situated by the Straits of Hormuz . This time the smoke and fire come from Israel . ABC reports that `` Israeli facilities in North America -- and around the world -- are on high alert , according to an internal security document obtained by ABC News that predicted the threat from Iran against Jewish targets will increase . `` We predict that the threat on our sites around the world will increase … on both our guarded sites and 'soft ' sites , '' stated a letter circulated by the head of security for the Consul General for the Mid-Atlantic States . Guarded sites refer to government facilities like embassies and consulates , while 'soft sites ' means Jewish synagogues , and schools , as well as community centers like the one hit by a terrorist bombing in Buenos Aires in 1994 that killed 85 people . '' Hopefully the head of security 's prediction track record is better than that of the CBO , and that the very act of prediction does not in effect `` make it so . '' At least courtesy of this latest escalation by Israel we get a clue of what to focus on , if not so much who the actual aggressors will be . In the meantime , Iran , which has been dealing with hyperinflation for weeks now , and likely has bigger problems to worry about than focusing on `` soft sites '' will naturally sense this escalation as the provocation it may well be meant to be , respond in kind , which will lead to further responses of definite attacks imminent by Iran 's adversaries , and so on , and so forth , until finally the dam wall finally cracks .
Regarding whom may be attacked , ABC had this to say :
The head of Shin Bet , Israel 's internal security service , told an audience at a closed forum in Tel Aviv recently that Iran is trying to hit Israeli targets because of what it believes are Israeli attacks on it nuclear scientists . Yoram Cohen said that Iran 's Revolutionary Guard , the same militant wing of the government linked to the recent alleged plot against the Saudi ambassador to the U.S. , is working tirelessly to attack Israeli and Jewish targets abroad in order to deter Israel .
And just how is attacking Jewish targets abroad detering Israel ? Oh wait , the assumption is that Iran is completely irrational and willing to provoke anyone for the sake of converting itself into one big lake of glass . Or so the public should believe . Got it .
Naturally , the 'response ' is already in play .
Local and regional law enforcement and intelligence officials in U.S. and Canadian cities , including New York , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , and Toronto have been monitoring the situation closely for several weeks , and have stepped up patrols at Israeli government locations and Jewish cultural and religious institutions . They have issued awareness bulletins reminding officers to stay vigilant . Federal officials in those cities told ABC News that they have also increased their efforts to watch for any threat stream pointing to an imminent attack on either Israeli facilities , Jewish cultural or religious institutions or other `` soft targets . '' `` When there is posturing like this , we always pay extra attention to any threat streams , '' one federal official said . `` The thwarted assassination plot of a Saudi official in Washington , D.C. , a couple of months ago was an important data point , '' added the official , `` in that it showed at least parts of the Iranian establishment were aware of the intended event and were not concerned about inevitable collateral damage to U.S. citizens had they carried out an assassination plot on American soil . '' `` That was an eye opener , showing that they did not care about any collateral damage , '' the federal official said . After the disruption of the alleged plot , regional intelligence centers issued bulletins similar to the recent Israeli warning .
Here is what has to be accepted as fact for the narrative to work :
`` In the past few weeks , there has been an escalation in threats against Israeli and Jewish targets around the world , '' one regional document noted . `` Open source has reported many demonstrations against Israel are expected to be concentrated on Israeli embassies and consulates . Such demonstrations have occurred internationally as well as domestically . These demonstrations could potentially turn violent at local synagogues , restaurants , the Israeli Embassy and other Israeli sites . … Law enforcement should be vigilant when making periodic checks at all Jewish facilities .
Once that is engrained in the public conscience , the letter 's climax become a foregone conclusion :
`` In conclusion , we operate according to the information that Iran and Hezbollah are working hard and with great intensity to release a 'quality ' attack against Israeli/Jewish sites around the world . ''
We 've seen this play by play many times before and frankly at this point the posturing is getting just silly . What we do want to find out , however , is how will Russia get involved in all of this . Because if recent actions are any precedent , we fully expect Putin to send an aircraft carrier , purely symbolically , in the Arabian Sea himself , just to indicate that any invasion , pardon , liberation , of Iran crude , will first have to go through him . And not to mention China ... or India .
Finally , because some have expressed curiosity why the USS Enterprise , the oldest aircraft carrier in the US Navy , will be the 3rd `` supporting '' carrier in the Straits area , when it is due for decommissioning next year , here is one video with a theory , whether correct or incorrect , on why events may be transpiring the way they are .
Imagine that the battery of your iPhone suddenly conks off . Imagine this happens in a remote city like Vellore . Finding an Apple repair shop in most non-metro cities is a challenge in itself . So towns like Vellore are obviously out of the picture . In such a scenario , instead of running to ten different shops and having to sweat it out to get your beloved device running , it would be a lot easier if , in this age , we could submit the mobile to be repaired with all specifications , to a standardised store . How is this not obvious ?
Fortunately , people have begun to wake up to this obvious problem . And suddenly , we 're seeing a bit of a boom in the organised mobile repair industry in India . Ajit Panigrahi and their XLRI batchmate Rahul were one of the early ones to the game – with JustLikeNew.in . Now , others like Quik-e and Cashify too have joined in bringing a standardised set of mobile repair services to India .
Paradigm Shift
The startups are bringing a host of services to consumers which were hitherto a rarity . Genuine parts , accurate estimation of costs and repair time , and even limited warranty . Compare this to the unorganised sector – where spare authenticity is questionable , repair time estimations continue to prolong , and warranty is unheard of .
What 's worse – go in for fixing one issue , and you 're likely to discover a dozen new ones within a few months . There 's a lack of trust amongst consumers with the current arrangement , and so the organised repair industry is poised for multi-fold growth in the near future .
Ahmedabad based Quik-e catching up quickly . It offers to repair the device under its own brand , with multiple price points depending upon the extent of damage .
The Benefits
Cashify on the other hand , works more like an aggregator . Choose your device , your area , and the type of damage . Cashify will then list out multiple vendors , along with their service ratings and price for repair . Enter your details , and Cashify will even have the device picked up . There 's an attempt to completely eliminate all the stress that follows a damaged phone – even the trip to the repair center .
It is obviously difficult for an individual consumer to continue checking on their smartphone , trusting it in the hands of local repairmen who might not have all the skills necessary . Secondly , taking multiple trips to the same shop to get a tiny aspect of your mobile fixed seems a little cumbersome . This industry has just been waiting for some disruption .
The Road Ahead
Analysts expect the mobile repair industry to get a lot more crowded in the near future . Multiple startups have managed to raise money in the tens of millions of dollars already – a clear sign of investor confidence in the industry .
With tech literacy ( and incomes ) continuing to rise , expect consumers to be willing to shell out premiums for the added ease of organised mobile repair services , and lack of stress .
None of this was supposed to happen . By all accounts , the Lakers should be absolutely terrible this season . They are supposed to miss the playoffs for a fourth straight year , and fan interest should be waning now that they are competing without the draw of superstar guard Kobe Bryant . Complicating things , the franchise that has always been a magnet for the spotlight will also soon have to publicly navigate the uncomfortable waters of Jim Buss ' infamous deadline .
Meanwhile , the team itself is reminiscent of Major League , with a rag-tag group of rough-around-the-edges , unproven youngsters mixed with past-their-prime veterans ( in case you are wondering- D'Angelo Russell is Rick Vaughn , Metta World Peace is Jake Taylor , and Nick Young is Willie Mays Hayes ) .
Generally , a combination of front office complexities and a not-ready-for-prime-time roster results in a ticket straight to the NBA lottery , where good-luck charms abound and ping pong balls are worth millions . That was the fate that the 2016-2017 Lakers were predestined for , with any other outcome being dismissed as fantasy .
However , as Walt Disney once said , “ It 's kind of fun to do the impossible ” , and Los Angeles is proving it .
The sample size is certainly small , but as of this writing , the unflappable Lakers are a playoff team in the West with a .500 record of three wins and three losses . Their point differential is ( just barely ) positive at plus .3 and they have yet to look completely outclassed in any game , something that was a regular occurrence last season .
They are n't feasting on bottom-feeders , either . Their first six games featured a murderer 's row of opponents who all expect to easily be in the playoffs , and feature All-Stars like James Harden , Paul George , Dwight Howard , Paul Millsap , and the quartet of Draymond Green , Klay Thompson , Kevin Durant , and Stephen Curry .
The Lakers , who do n't have a true star , did n't seem to mind one bit .
It was a string of David vs. Goliath matchups , but the Lakers showed up full of confidence and ready to sling some stones , ultimately slaying three giants , including the biggest of them all – the Golden State Warriors .
With four stars on their payroll , the Warriors are the clear favorites to win an NBA title , but the star-less Lakers apparently did n't get that memo . They routed Golden State by 20 points in a game that they never trailed in , turning in a performance that wo n't soon be forgotten .
Their wins are n't ugly , either . Los Angeles does n't walk the ball up the floor , hoping to muck up the game and limit possessions in an attempt to hide a lack of talent . No , not this bunch . There are times when their youth shows and plays do n't come together exactly as they were drawn up , but this Lakers team is playing entertaining , compelling , and above all else , fun basketball .
New coach Luke Walton 's fingerprints are everywhere . Their team holds the turbo button down from the opening tip to the final whistle , blitzing opponents whenever they take a second to catch their breath . They have the third-fastest pace in the NBA , and their offensive rating is an impressive 10th in the league , a remarkable improvement from last year 's 29th-place finish . Off-ball screens and player movement , once a rarity , have now become commonplace , and shots are routinely passed up in order to send the ball to a teammate with a better look .
It has only been a few months since Walton was brought on board to replace ousted coach Byron Scott , but the difference is already night and day .
The starting five races up and down the court , firing shots and scrapping for every possession . Lumbering center Timofey Mozgov is just quick enough to keep up and make it all work , setting massive screens to free up de facto leader D'Angelo Russell and a resurgent Nick Young , while Julius Randle is a constant threat to ignite to fast-break . Luol Deng , the team 's most expensive free agent signing of the summer , does their part by being the glue man and keeping everything running smoothly .
When the starters step aside , the bench mob of Jordan Clarkson , Lou Williams , Brandon Ingram , Larry Nance Jr. and Tarik Black are more than capable , and they lead the league in bench points by a wide margin . It 's not uncommon for the bench to outplay the starters , and crunch-time minutes are handed out on the fly to whichever players are clicking at the moment .
Walton is also brilliantly unconventional enough to allow Ingram , a 6 ' 9 ” rookie , to play point guard on the offensive end , and it 's working . Ingram has the advantage of being able to see over the top of the defense and consistently finds Clarkson and Williams for open looks . Nance and Black do all of the dirty work in the paint , and both have the agility to switch onto guards on the perimeter , which combines with Ingram 's length to wall off large chunks of the floor .
When the situation calls for it , Walton goes small with Randle replacing Black in the middle , which gives the team a bit of an extra offensive punch .
As a team , the Lakers ' defensive rating sits at 14th , and they are currently holding opponents to a league-low 27.9 percent from three . That stat may be a result of a small sample size , as the Lakers are 17th in the league in number of threes contested . Opponents wo n't continue miss open looks the way Golden State did , but the way the Lakers get after it on both ends of the floor is still a sight to behold .
Across the board , they have an endearing “ Little Engine That Could ” quality to them , with an unyielding belief that together they are better than the sum of their parts . It 's not false bravado either ; despite all the predictions of a losing season , these guys legitimately think they can prove everyone wrong .
It 's that determination that has kept them in games that would have been unmanageable blowout losses last season . Even when they are down by double-digits , these Lakers do n't quit , with each man convinced that the next play will be the one that sets them on the path to victory .
They have the youngest head coach in the league , a 6 ' 1 ” shooting guard as their go-to scorer in crunch time , and Nick “ Uncle P ” Young is not only a starter , he 's also somehow the team 's defensive stopper . None of it makes any sense . In a city filled with stars , it 's the team without one that is bringing basketball back to Los Angeles .
Disney undersold it . Doing the impossible is n't “ kind of ” fun , it 's an absolute blast .
Government Debt Bubble Is Based On Credit Theft
Right now there are ten cities in Illinois where all of the property tax payments made by residents are used exclusively by the local city government to pay pensions and municipal bonds , the two biggest types of debt created by local and state government . Illinois is not the only state that has public pension and municipal bond debt . All states and virtually all units of government have these types of debt . These debts are not trivial . The total amount of public pension and municipal bond debt was $ 8.3 trillion at the most recent reckoning . The largest part of this debt , the public pension debt , was created by government , to help only government employees .
With RIM tucked away working on BlackBerry 10 there has been very little coming out of Waterloo regarding specs for their upcoming devices . Sure , RIM has shared some information surrounding device resolutions but other than that we 've not been offered much else to imagine . New rumors are now suggesting that RIM has chosen the Snapdragon S4 Pro processor to power some of the first BlackBerry 10 devices .
The Snapdragon S4 Pro processor is ARMv7 based and packs the Adreno 320 GPU making it ideal for HD content , multitasking and gaming . We 've heard RIM speak plenty about how gaming will be great on BlackBerry 10 and this , combined with QNX and how RIM has it set up makes BlackBerry 10 as game-friendly and powerful as the iPad or new Android tablets , provided they include an appropriate amount of RAM as well . Throw in that 1.5-1.7 GHz Dual-core Krait CPU and you 're golden .
Taking it further and looking into how the Snapdragon S4 Pro processor could fit into RIM 's plans , you need only look at the protocol support . Bluetooth 4.0 , 802.11a/b/g/n ( 2.4/5 GHz ) , and multiband support for global compatibility across networks ( LTE FDD/TDD CAT3 , SVLTE-DB , TD-SCDMA , Rel9 DC-HSPA+ , GSM/GPRS/EDGE , EGAL , 1x Adv. , 1x EV-DO Rev . A/B ) all there and ready to be used .
If you 're not into all the technical stuff behind the info here , no problem . It 's simple . If this turns out to be true , RIM will be working with a damn fine chipset . For now though , grain of salt until it gets confirmed in a more solid way .
Learn more about the Snapdragon S4 Pro
Source : BBOS
This post may contain affiliate links . See our disclosure policy for more details .
YONKERS , N.Y. — A fistfight broke out between a fire commissioner and one of their officers over a thrown napkin at a holiday party .
LoHud.com reported that the incident happened Dec. 11 at a Yonkers ( N.Y. ) Fire Department Christmas party . No criminal charges have been filed , but the police report was turned over to the city 's human resources department .
Fire Commission John Darcy , who was sworn into office nine months ago , allegedly overreacted to a perceived slight . According to witnesses , Lt. Michael O'Connor tried to get the attention of a staff worker by tying a napkin in a knot and throwing it at them However , they missed and hit Darcy on the back of their head .
When O'Connor went over to apologize , according to witnesses , Darcy allegedly threw a punch at O'Connor .
O'Connor was taken by car to a hospital and Darcy was given medical attention . Both men were treated and later released .
Christopher Hitchens will go on trial later this month in a `` highly critical '' new book which interrogates the late polemicist 's politics and argues that this celebrated left-wing firebrand became an `` amanuensis '' of the George W Bush administration in their last years .
Political activist and author Richard Seymour 's Unhitched : The Trial of Christopher Hitchens is out on 28 January and promises to cast `` a cold eye over the career of the 'Hitch ' to uncover an intellectual trajectory determined by expediency and a fetish for power '' . `` It is written in the spirit of a trial , '' said Seymour . `` I do attempt to get a sense of the complexity and gifts of the man , but it is very clearly a prosecution , and you can guess my conclusion . ''
Unhitched will address how Hitchens moved from a `` career-minded socialist '' to , post 9/11 , a `` neoconservative 'Marxist ' '' , said its radical publisher Verso , and `` an advocate of America 's invasion of Iraq filled with passionate intensity '' . At one point , Seymour describes Hitchens as the `` George W Bush administration 's amanuensis '' , and argues `` that not only was Hitchens a man of the right in their last years , but their predilections for a certain kind of right-wing radicalism – the most compelling recent example of which was the Bush administration 's invasion of Iraq – pre-dated their apostasy '' .
`` One chapter deals with the trajectory of their political shift , from the time they were a young socialist who joined Labour , '' said Seymour . `` I 've interviewed a lot of their former comrades . If you read [ Hitchens ' memoir ] Hitch 22 , it 's not an entirely reliable account – what they remember and what others remember are different . He 's subtly , and sometimes not so subtly , revised things . ''
Seymour will also examine Hitchens ' views on `` war and empire , and their surprising shifts on that front – he 's not as consistent in that shift as they liked to make out in retrospect '' , said the author . `` And there 's a chapter on their approach to religion , and their approach to the 'English question ' – Thatcher , and Orwell . ''
While there are aspects of Hitchens that Seymour admires – `` there are parts in their writing where you read it and glow , it 's so perfectly put , '' they said – the book is , overall , `` a denunciation of the changes they underwent in the last 10 years in particular , with Iraq and America the two central themes '' .
The book was commissioned about six months before Hitchens ' death in December 2011 , although Seymour had previously written an essay about the author , which was included in the collection Christopher Hitchens and Their Critics . Seymour had been exchanging emails with the author , and sent them a copy of the essay . `` We stopped exchanging emails shortly afterwards , '' they said . `` He thought of it as an insult , and threw a few back . ''
But Seymour is hopeful that if they were alive today , Hitchens `` might have had a bit of a laugh '' about Unhitched . `` One thing in their favour is that they were narcissistic but not prickly or vain , '' they said . `` I think they would have thrown an insult or two at me . They described Max Blumenthal as ' a young skunk who have n't learned to piss yet ' and I think I could expect something along those lines . ''
Canadian media offers a shocking new development in the intelligence wars . This involves a honeypot security officer working for Canadian immigration . Them assignment was to romance an alleged Iranian spy . Sometime during their year-long romance , one night after having a few drinks too many , they told them an amazing story : that one of the 27 Mossad agents who assassinated Mahmoud al-Mabouh escaped from Dubai to Canada :
Passport Canada secretly supplied a new identity and passport to a Mossad agent living in Canada after the Israeli spy participated in the 2010 plot to kill a leader of terrorist group Hamas in a Dubai hotel…
I 've confirmed that the story is accurate through my own Israeli source . When asked , they said it would be fruitless even to try to deny it since the story came straight from the horse 's mouth ( Canadian intelligence ) . There are many astonishing aspects of this story . First , in light of Israel cloning passports of dual citizens of nations like France , Ireland , Australia and the UK , it did n't even have to take the trouble with Canada . That nation perpetrated the identity fraud on Israel 's behalf .
Canada 's government dutifully created false identity passport for Mossad assassin ( right )
Can you imagine a country creating a fake identity for an intelligence agent of a foreign country ? It beggars belief . Second , this means that Canada does n't tolerate the presence of Mossad agents on its soil , it welcomes them . A country like the U.S. begrudgingly accepts that Israel is the third most intensive intelligence presence inside the U.S .. But not Canada . It 's motto is the old Monty Hall shout-out to the TV prize winner : “ come on down ! ”
You 'd think Canadians might have a few things to say about farming out their intelligence operations to a foreign country and allowing that country to become an unofficial arm of Canadian intelligence . Not to mention , the fact that it will arouse ire against Canadians of Muslims none too keen on Israel 's policy of erasing Arabs it finds objectionable or inconvenient .
Apparently , this far-right Canadian government believes becoming an appurtenance of the State of Israel is the way to win elections . Why else would a Harper minister have signed an extraordinary public security agreement with Israeli public security minister , Avi Dichter in 2008 :
“ The Declaration of Intent is an opportunity for Canada and Israel to strengthen their commitment to safeguarding their citizens and respective national interests from common threats , ” said Minister Dichter. ” …Public Safety Canada [ the signatory of the agreement ] works closely with several government agencies including the Canada Border Services Agency ( CBSA ) , The Canadian Security Intelligence Service ( CSIS ) …and The Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) . Officials from these agencies have no doubt been consulted regarding the terms of reference of the Israel-Canada declaration . The terms of reference of the Canada-Israel Declaration are extremely broad . They include issues of immigration and ethnic profiling , the management of borders , intelligence and the exchange of information , emergency preparedness , correctional services , prisons , law enforcement and counter-terrorism . …The agreement requires the two countries to “ [ b ] uild on their shared commitment to facilitate and enhance cooperation to protect their respective countries ' population , assets and interests from common threats ” . …The issue of “ counter-terrorism ” is not mentioned explicitly in the Declaration of Intent . The terms of reference , however , suggest that the “ war on terrorism ” is an integral part of the agreement .
Who 'd have thought that one of the ways in which this agreement would be implemented on the ground would be in abetting an act of Israeli state terrorism ?
The appointment of Israel 's first military attaché to Canada was also likely part of this “ thickening ” of the intelligence/military relationship with Israel . In 2012 , Brig . Gen. Eden Attias , one of those named as part of the Mavi Marmara 200 potential war criminals ( he commanded the Nevatim air base used during the helicopter assault on the ship ) , was named to fill this position . Here were some of their words of welcome on arriving in Canada :
“ Due to the flourishing relationship between Canada and Israel , one of the recent discussions between our defence ministries involved looking for ways to get more people on the ground in each country . We have a lot of things we 're sharing , ” they said .
Indeed . Let 's add that as military attaché they serve as a conduit to and from the IDF 's military intelligence unit , Aman . Attias added to their remarks :
“ Israelis are starting to understand that Canada is a separate entity from the U.S. , ” Attias said .
But not so separate from Israel , apparently . Attias pandered to Canada 's Christian evangelicals when they blessed their pro-Israel prayer breakfast :
They [ Attias ] , more than most , has experienced the intensity of Israel 's enemies ' hatred firsthand . At the prayer gathering they said , “ On behalf of…all the people of Israel , I would like to extend a sincere appreciation to you , the Evangelist community here in Canada for supporting Israel .
This is yet another example of Canada 's government jumping into bed with Israeli spies and generals with blood on their hands .
Just as you have the official basis for Canada hopping into bed with the Mossad , similarly the NSA signed an agreement with IDF Unit 8200 which dumped massive amounts of raw data , including personal information about U.S. citizens , into Israel 's lap . None of it was screened beforehand to remove references to Americans . After all , the NSA is only prevented from monitoring American citizens for its own purposes . I suppose this means it 's perfectly legal to transfer such data to foreign intelligence services .
That 's also in effect what Australian intelligence did in Indonesia . It bugged government offices there and monitored the Indonesia government 's discussions with a U.S. law firm that was aiding it in international trade negotiations with the U.S. government . In effect , Aussie intelligence was telling us what position the Indonesians would take in the talks , not to mention invading the attorney-client privilege of the U.S. firm .
In the old days it used to be that spies jealously guarded their secrets from foreign spies . Nowadays , the only people spies guard their secrets from are the victims on whom they 're spying . They share their trove of information with just about any allied intelligence agency that has a use for it .
This story comes on the heels of Stephen Harper 's recent pilgrimage to Israel in which they fawned over Bibi Netanyahu and even serenaded them with a musical concert . They used to call Tony Blair , Bush 's poodle in the British press . Now , Harper has become Bibi 's poodle .
About
I 'm a GM . I 've spent numerous hours , both playing and planning , and I want my sessions to go as smoothly as possible . But often there are just too many things to keep track of and you forget a rule , ca n't remember an enemy 's health , or get bogged down rolling a bunch of dice . This ends up interrupting your adventure in an unnecessary way , and your epic sessions get watered down . How can you keep the session interesting when at every turn there is some time sink ( the boring ones like adding up numbers for damage , or calculating a saving throw ) . It needed to be easier , role playing games have so much flexibility , and are such a creative and unique experience , but it always sucks when the mood gets killed because of all this 'dead time ' . It would have been criminal not to solve it .
Over the last 8 months we have been using the flexibility , availability and overall power of web technology to develop Game Master , and were able to make role playing EVEN BETTER . But now we need your help , Kick-Starter community , to move this project into the next phase ! We need to build a solid architecture that can provide uninterrupted service , build a community that has the drives our development , and pay some artists so generating content for your sessions will be easier . With your help we can truly revolutionize your sessions , and put more of your time into whacky , epic adventuring , instead of mundane calculations and looking up rules . We want to share and grow this tool with the kick-starter community , become a backer today and lets build something phenomenal together !
Game Master is a web based utility designed to make your life as a GM easier . Unlike Players , who just have to show up with a character , a GM bears all the responsibility , and has to keep track of of an entire world . They have to build the world , memorize the world , and be the world . There is an enormous amount of pressure on the GM , Game Master serves to lift the burden . Instead of memorizing stats , combat initiatives , weapons , and bonuses , Game Master builds UI that makes that information easily accessible . Instead of flipping through pages during a heated combat , or fumbling around looking for notes , or stuffing that information all up in your head , Game Master makes it all just a click away .
We designed Game Master to be just as useful to GMs playing games in person , as well as playing games online .
App Based
Game Master has a flexible layout comprised of a bunch of mini apps that can be rearranged and resized at your whim . You can create a GM screen that solves your particular needs , and span it across multiple windows in your web-browser .
Intuitive Navigation
We want everything to be at your finger tips , so we leverage both mouse and keyboard to provide simple ways of retrieving information . Need to see a character 's stats/skills/weapons ? Simply shift click anything that reference 's that character and a summary card will appear . Want to see the unmodified roll ? Just mouse over the roll . Need to roll a skill test ? Just click on the skill and roll it ! Everything is designed to be easy and intuitive
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Taking it a step further
Since we started building , its been more and more apparent we actually have a major opportunity to transform role playing . The devil is in the details , and little things like highlighting successful dice rolls , critical rolls , or animating the movement of board pieces save you minutes , or even hours over the course of the session . This leaves you free to make your role playing a more theatrical experience .
We 've built little gadgets like a sci-fi credits roll to immerse your players in a new adventure , a synchronized YouTube player for sharing media to setup the epic battlefield , and little player reaction cards so you can express what your character is feeling like ! It turns out its a lot of fun to post a picture of Nick cage as you slam your axe down on a goblin , with the mortal combat theme song playing in the background .
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You 'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content . Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
See the FAQ for more information regarding what rewards do
The Supreme Court has decided to hear arguments over President Trump 's executive order banning travelers from six Muslim-majority countries and is allowing parts of the ban to go into effect this week . Below , PRRI looks at attitudes on temporarily banning Muslims from entering the U.S. across the partisan , religious , and demographic spectrums .
Roughly one-third ( 35 percent ) of Americans favor temporarily banning Muslims from other countries from entering the U.S. , while nearly six in ten ( 59 percent ) oppose such a ban . Views have remained relatively stable since spring 2016 when a similar number ( 58 percent ) of Americans expressed opposition to the ban .
The issue sees remarkable partisan divisions : Republicans are more than six times as likely as Democrats to favor a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States ( 65 percent vs. 10 percent , respectively ) . The views of independents mirror those of the general public .
Majorities of most major religious groups oppose temporarily barring Muslims from entering the country—except for white evangelical Protestants . More than six in ten ( 61 percent ) white evangelical Protestants support a temporary Muslim ban , compared to fewer than half of white Catholics ( 44 percent ) , white mainline Protestants ( 39 percent ) , non-white Protestants ( 27 percent ) , and religiously unaffiliated Americans ( 21 percent ) . White evangelicals stand alone as the only religious group exhibiting increasing support for such a ban since 2016 .
Although no racial or ethnic group shows majority support for temporarily banning Muslims from entering the U.S. , white Americans are far more likely than Hispanic and black Americans to favor such a ban ( 41 percent vs. 27 percent vs. 17 percent , respectively ) . Among whites , those without a college degree are nearly twice as likely as those with a college degree to favor a temporary Muslim ban—though neither group expresses majority support ( 49 percent vs. 27 percent , respectively ) .
A temporary Muslim travel ban sees much higher opposition among young adults than older Americans . Eight in ten ( 80 percent ) young adults ( age 18-29 ) oppose such a policy , compared to a slim majority ( 53 percent ) of seniors ( age 65 or older ) . Only 20 percent of young adults support a temporary Muslim ban .
For more , read PRRI 's February 2017 Survey .
( CNN ) -- Five Iranian Revolutionary Guard boats `` harassed and provoked '' three U.S. Navy ships early Sunday in international waters , the U.S. military said Monday , calling the encounter a `` significant '' confrontation .
The USS Hopper , seen in a file photo , was one of the ships harassed by Iranian boats , officials say .
An Iranian official , however , said it was not a serious incident , the state-run news agency IRNA reported .
U.S. military officials said the incident occurred early Sunday morning in the Strait of Hormuz , a narrow shipping channel leading in and out of the Persian Gulf .
They said that as the guided missile destroyer USS Hopper , the guided missile cruiser USS Port Royal and the guided-missile frigate USS Ingraham were entering the Persian Gulf , five Iranian boats approached them at high speed and swarmed them .
The Iranian boats made `` threatening '' moves toward the U.S. ships and in one case came within 200 yards of one of them , the U.S. officials said . Watch what U.S. officials are saying about the incident »
The U.S. Navy also received a radio transmission that officials believe came from the Iranian boats . The transmission said , `` I am coming at you . You will explode in a couple of minutes , '' the U.S. military officials told CNN .
When the U.S. ships heard that radio transmission , they took up their gun positions and officers were `` in the process '' of giving the order to fire when the Iranians abruptly turned away , the U.S. officials said .
After the radio transmission , one of the Iranian boats dropped white boxes into the water in front of the U.S. ships , the officials said . It was not clear what was in the boxes , the officials said . See a map of the Strait of Hormuz »
No shots were fired , and no one was injured .
A Pentagon spokesperson characterized the incident as `` perplexing '' and `` cause for real concern . ''
`` Such actions are dangerous and could have quickly escalated into something much worse , '' said Geoff Morrell , Pentagon press secretary . `` We see it as further evidence that Iran is unpredictable and remains a threat . ''
Iran 's foreign ministry spokesperson downplayed the incident , calling it `` ordinary , '' IRNA reported . Mohammad Ali Hosseini said that similar incidents had occurred in the past between Iranian and American ships , and the issues were resolved as soon as the ships recognized each other , IRNA reported .
The Strait of Hormuz , which is in international waters , is near much of the world 's oil supplies .
The White House urged Iran to refrain from `` such provocative actions that could lead to a dangerous incident in the future , '' National Security Council spokesperson Gordon Johndroe said .
U.S. State Department spokesperson Sean McCormack said the United States probably would not make a formal protest to Iran about the incident .
McCormack said , `` I ca n't speak to their rationale , their reasoning , their motivations . ''
Iran and the United States do not have diplomatic relations . Switzerland represents U.S. interests in Tehran , while Pakistan represents Iranian interests in Washington .
McCormack declined to comment further on the incident but said , `` The U.S. will confront Iranian behavior where it seeks to do harm either to us or to our friends and allies in the region . ''
On Friday , the U.S. Navy announced the same team of naval ships had been searching in the Arabian Sea for a sailor missing for a day from the Hopper . The outcome of the search was not immediately known Monday .
In November the U.S. military reported that Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps had taken command of Tehran 's naval operations in the Persian Gulf .
The United States considers the Revolutionary Guard to be a major supporter of terrorist activity .
Tensions between Iran and the U.S. have increased over the last few years . The U.S. has concerns about Iran 's nuclear program and has accused Iran of supplying weapons to insurgents in Iraq who target American forces .
In March , Iran detained 15 crew members of a British ship before releasing them after nearly two weeks . Iran alleged the British vessel strayed into Iranian waters -- an assertion Britain strongly denied . E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Brianna Keilar and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .
All About Iran • International Relations
Image caption Rosetta is a long way from home , and it is now picking up very little energy from the Sun
Europe 's Rosetta spacecraft , which is heading for a rendezvous with a comet in 2014 , has been put into hibernation by its controllers .
The command was sent from Germany on Wednesday , instructing the probe to enter a deep sleep . Only heaters and an `` alarm clock '' have been left running .
Nothing will be heard from the spacecraft for the next two-and-a-half years - not even a reassuring beep .
Rosetta should wake up at 1000 GMT on 20 January 2014 .
Assuming it does , the spacecraft will then be just a few months away from its appointment with Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko out near the Planet Jupiter .
The plan is for it to orbit the 4km-wide ball of ice and dust and put a small lander on its surface .
`` The spacecraft may now be at rest but the team has a busy time ahead , getting ready for the meeting with the comet , '' said Dr Gerhard Schwehm , the European Space Agency 's ( Esa ) Rosetta mission manager .
`` I expect I will be a little nervous on 20 January 2014 , and I might not sleep the night before - but I 'll be really excited as well , '' they told BBC News .
Remarkably , Rosetta caught sight of its quarry in recent weeks , even though the object is still more than 150 million kilometres away . The probe 's onboard Osiris camera system , managed by scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research ( MPS ) in Germany , succeeded in picking out the comet against a dense field of stars in the Scorpius Constellation .
Image caption A magnification of the Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko which is hidden in a crowded star field in the Scorpius constellation , towards the centre of our galaxy . Its next view comes in two-and-a-half years
Rosetta 's `` bedtime '' orders were despatched from Esoc , Esa 's European Space Operations Centre in Darmstadt .
The probe 's scientific instruments had already been powered down in recent months . The last instructions were to shut down sub-systems on the satellite .
Image caption Andrea Accomazzo ( centre ) celebrates a successful hibernation
Rosetta was swivelled so that its solar wings faced the Sun , and it was put in a gentle spin so that it no longer needed to use thrusters to maintain a stable configuration .
The concluding message directing shut down was sent at 1258 GMT . It would have taken 30 minutes for this message to reach Rosetta at its great separation from Earth , and a few more minutes for the spacecraft to act on the command . The Darmstadt controllers , who were using listening stations in Australia , got confirmation that the satellite was in full hibernation when it went silent at 1413 GMT .
The onboard computer has been left running to monitor two functions - the clock system that will eventually wake Rosetta , and a pair of heaters . These heaters will come on occasionally to ensure that the entire satellite does not freeze up as it moves through the cold of deep space .
`` The thermal system is fundamental for the spacecraft to maintain all the temperatures in a safe range for the instruments , for the units we have onboard , and mainly for the propellant tanks , '' explained Esa spacecraft operations manager Andrea Accomazzo .
`` We can not allow the propellant to freeze , otherwise in 2014 , the spacecraft will not be able to spin-down and recover from the hibernation , '' they told BBC News .
Image caption The 120km-wide Lutetia asteroid was passed last year
The 31 months of sleep will see Rosetta fly an arc some 660 million km from the Sun out to 790 million km and back . The probe is already the most distant spacecraft to operate on solar power , but such is its remoteness now that the solar panels are providing very little energy . Putting the probe to sleep will draw minimum power .
Rosetta was launched back in 2004 and has taken a rather circuitous route out to its comet target .
This has involved making a number of flybys of the inner planets , using their gravity to pick up sufficient speed for the eventual comet encounter .
It has already delivered some fascinating science , particularly at the close passes it made to two asteroids - the rocks Steins , in 2008 , and Lutetia , in 2010 .
When Rosetta wakes in the January of 2014 , it will use the time before its July rendezvouses to study Churyumov-Gerasimenko and plan its approach .
The intention is for Rosetta to follow the comet as it moves in towards the Sun , monitoring the changes that take place on the body .
Comets - giant `` dirty snowballs '' , as some have called them - are believed to contain materials that have remained largely unchanged since the formation of the Solar System 4.6bn years ago , and Rosetta data should help researchers understand better how our local space environment has evolved over that time .
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET @ bbc.co.uk
The Trump family was spotted in full attendance at Tiffany Trump 's graduation day and all looked happily settled . The family got together to celebrate Trump 's 'mystery ' ( Tiffany 's media tag ) daughter 's big day.For those who have watched the American comedy 'What a Girl Wants ' , will be able to relate to what I meant by mentioning ‘ happily settled ' family and ‘ mystery daughter ' . The Hollywood flick is very much a reflection of Tiffany-Donald Trump 's life . Ignoring the controversies that refuse to leave Donald Trump alone , what remains positive for them is the support they get from their beautiful ( literally ) family.US President Donald Trump 's empire is blessed with two glamourous divas – Ivanka Trump and Tiffany Trump , who vouch for their father 's passion supporting women empowerment.Previously referred to as Donald Trump 's ‘ mystery daughter ' , Tiffany Trump broke their silence about their father at Trump 's Republican presidential debate . The ‘ glamourous ' Tiffany is sweeping the Instagrammers off their feet by posting their bikini clad pictures . On the other hand , ​ EVP at the Trump organization and principal of Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry , Ivanka Trump is grace , power and ( American ) beauty personified.No matter what the world says about you , you just need to believe in yourself ! You are hot , sexy and beautiful ! JUST free yourself of all the inhibitions.Be glamourous in all situations . You are a woman of 'power ' and if you believe in that , the world will bow in front you ! Love yourself and the world will love you too ! Never forget what makes you a powerful woman . Stay connected to your roots at all times .
Elspeth Beard specialises in creating or remodelling interesting and unusual buildings , both old and new . When working with old buildings , they like to give them a new lease of life by mixing conservation with contemporary design ; the clean lines and modern feel of new elements contrasting with the original features of the existing building . Much of their work involves the conversion of listed buildings such as water towers , lighthouses and barns into striking and unique family homes . They also create all kinds of new houses , varying from traditional timber-framed constructions to modern buildings with rendered walls and large areas of floor-to-ceiling glass .
Elspeth 's Grade II listed , hundred-year-old home , which took seven years to convert , completed in 1996 . Read more Elspeth works on sites and buildings of all sizes , but whatever size they are , they like them to be out of the ordinary . They can provide a comprehensive service from the initial design stage right through to the completion of works and is happy to give clients as much ( or as little ) involvement in the whole process as they desire .
A Grade II * listed Edwardian cinema in Worthing ; it was completely refurbished and works were completed in Autumn 2006 . This project was awarded the Distinction in Building Award by Worthing Borough Council in 2009 . Read more `` We would have no hesitation in recommending them to other self-builders . They keep their promises , is great fun to work with and is a brilliant architect '' . Philip & Angela www.threshingbarn.co.uk
`` Elspeth is what we call a 'WYSI WYG ' , What you see is what you get ! We value their direct approach and have been very impressed with their imaginative schemes '' . Sue Elspeth Beard has been registered as an architect with the ARB ( Architects ' Registration Board ) since 1989 and is also a member of the RIBA ( Royal Institute of British Architects ) . Read more
In the early 1980s , EB was the first British woman to circumnavigate the world by motorcycle and they have been round it several times since . Read more Elspeth Beard has won numerous awards , starting with the ones they received for their first solo project , the Munstead Water Tower which is currently their home . This hundred-year-old building had been derelict for decades when they took the huge gamble of buying it at auction without planning permission or listed building consent . Circumstances dictated that they had to move in when it was barely habitable , but after seven years ' hard labour the quality of their work can be judged from the numerous magazine articles and TV programmes which have featured the tower , including Channel 4 TV 's Grand Designs . To date , the Munstead Water Tower has won no fewer than five architectural awards . The building was awarded The Surrey Historic Buildings Trust Award in 1993 , The Downland Design Award in 1994 , The RIBA Regional Architectural Award in 1994 and only last year The Surrey Historic Buildings Trust 25th Anniversary Best Conservation Award . The main subject of the Channel 4 Grand Designs programme was the award-winning Threshing Barn . Other projects of note include the historic Worthing Dome cinema , a contemporary family home Chalk Hill , timber-framed houses Wishanger Lodge and Chalk Dell , a historic Philip Webb property West House , Chelsea , Burnham-on-Sea Lighthouse and Cawston Water Tower . Elspeth does not limit themselves to any particular type of project or building - their only requirement is that they should fire the imagination . Chalk Hill is a new family dwelling in Guildford occupies a hillside location with panoramic views over the valley of the river Wey . The new dwelling retains the original elevated living room box . The project won the Good Design Award from the Guildford Society and was a runner-up for the Building of the Year in The Guildford Style Awards in 2006 . The contemporary design of Farnham Park Lodge sits well within its surroundings and has transformed what was previously just an unsightly 1960s brick bungalow . The project was formally recognised in the Highly Commended Category of the Farnham Societys 2010 Amenity Awards . Wishanger Lodge is a new timber framed house in Surrey . One of the main advantages of this timber frame was that it was produced off site and arrived in 'kit form ' . It was built in just 14 weeks from start to finish . The Wishanger Lodge frame is made from eastern white pine , a sustainable Grade A timber . It is held together by oak pegs in traditional mortise and tenon joints . The house was featured on the cover of Self Build magazine in April 2006 .
The Zytglogge ( Bernese German : [ ˈtsiˌkːlɔkːə ] ) is a landmark medieval tower in Bern , Switzerland . Built in the early 13th century , it has served the city as guard tower , prison , clock tower , centre of urban life and civic memorial .
Despite the many redecorations and renovations it has undergone in its 800 years of existence , the Zytglogge is one of Bern 's most recognisable symbols and , with its 15th-century astronomical clock , a major tourist attraction . It is a heritage site of national significance , [ 1 ] and part of the Old City of Bern , a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage site .
History [ edit ]
When it was built around 1218–20 , [ 2 ] the Zytglogge served as the gate tower of Bern 's western fortifications . These were erected after the city 's first westward expansion following its de facto independence from the Empire . At that time , the Zytglogge was a squat building of only 16 metres ( 52 ft ) in height . When the rapid growth of the city and the further expansion of the fortifications ( up to the Käfigturm ) relegated the tower to second-line status at around 1270–75 , it was heightened by 7 metres ( 23 ft ) to overlook the surrounding houses . [ 2 ]
Only after the city 's western defences were extended again in 1344–46 up to the now-destroyed Christoffelturm , the Zytglogge was converted to a women 's prison , notably housing Pfaffendirnen – `` priests ' whores '' , women convicted of sexual relations with clerics . [ 3 ] At this time , the Zytglogge also received its first slanted roof . [ 4 ]
The Zytglogge as shown on a 1542 glass painting .
In the great fire of 1405 , the tower burnt out completely . It suffered severe structural damage that required thorough repairs , which were not complete until after the last restoration in 1983 . The prison cells were abandoned [ 5 ] and a clock was first installed above the gate in the early 15th century , probably including a simple astronomical clock and musical mechanism . [ 6 ] This clock , together with the great bell cast in 1405 , gave the Zytglogge its name , which in Bernese German means `` time bell '' . [ 5 ]
In the late 15th century , the Zytglogge and the other Bernese gate towers were extended and decorated after the Burgundian Romantic fashion . The Zytglogge received a new lantern ( including the metal bellman visible today ) , four decorative corner towerlets , heraldic decorations and probably its stair tower . [ 7 ] The astronomical clock was extended to its current state . In 1527–30 , the clockwork was completely rebuilt by Kaspar Brunner , and the gateway was overarched to provide a secure foundation for the heavy machinery . [ 8 ]
The Zytglogge 's west façade in 1830 , after the 1770 restructuring .
The Zytglogge 's exterior was repainted by Gotthard Ringgli and Kaspar Haldenstein in 1607–10 , who introduced the large clock faces that now dominate the east and west façades of the tower . [ 8 ] The corner towerlets were removed again some time before 1603 . [ 7 ] In 1770–71 , the Zytglogge was renovated by Niklaus Hebler and Ludwig Emanuel Zehnder , who refurbished the structure in order to suit the tastes of the late Baroque , giving the tower its contemporary outline . [ 9 ]
Both façades were again repainted in the Rococo style by Rudolf von Steiger in 1890 . The idealising historicism of the design came to be disliked in the 20th century , and a 1929 competition produced the façade designs visible today : on the west façade , Victor Surbek 's fresco `` Beginning of Time '' and on the east façade , a reconstruction of the 1770 design by Kurt Indermühle . [ 9 ] In 1981–83 , the Zytglogge was thoroughly renovated again and generally restored to its 1770 appearance . [ 10 ] In the advent season and from Easter until the end of October , it is illuminated after dusk . [ 11 ]
Name [ edit ]
The Bernese German Zytglogge translates to Zeitglocke in Standard German and to time bell in English ; 'Glocke ' means 'bell ' in German , as in the related term 'glockenspiel ' . A `` time bell '' was one of the earliest public timekeeping devices , consisting of a clockwork connected to a hammer that rang a small bell at the full hour . [ 12 ] Such a device was installed in the Wendelstein in Bern – the tower of the Leutkirche church which the Münster later replaced – in 1383 at the latest ; it alerted the bell-ringer to ring the tower bells . [ 12 ]
The name of Zytglogge was first recorded in 1413 . [ 13 ] Previously , the tower was referred to as the kebie ( `` cage '' , i.e. , prison ) and after its post-1405 reconstruction , the nüwer turm ( `` new tower '' ) . [ 14 ]
Exterior [ edit ]
External structure [ edit ]
Detail : wooden Gothic whisker cornice , corner towerlet base and decorative plating .
The Zytglogge has an overall height of 54.5 metres ( 179 ft ) , and a height of 24 metres ( 79 ft ) up to the roof-edge . Its rectangular floor plan measures 11.2 by 10.75 metres ( 36.7 by 35.3 ft ) . The wall strengths vary widely , ranging from 260 centimetres ( 100 in ) in the west , where the tower formed part of the city walls , to 65 centimetres ( 26 in ) in the east . [ 15 ]
The outward appearance of the Zytglogge is determined by the 1770 renovation . Only the late Gothic cornice below the roof and the stair tower are visible artifacts of the tower 's earlier history . [ 15 ]
The main body of the tower is divided into the two-storey plinth , whose exterior is made of alpine limestone , and the three-storey tower shaft sheathed in sandstone . The shaft 's seemingly massive corner blocks are decorative fixtures held in place by visible iron hooks . [ 16 ] Below the roof , the cornice spans around the still-visible bases of the former corner towerlets . The two-story attic is covered by the sweeping , red-tiled , late Gothic spire , in which two spire lights are set to the West and East . They are crowned by ornamental urns with pinecone knobs reconstructed in 1983 from 18th-century drawings . [ 17 ]
From atop the spire , the wooden pinnacle , copper-sheathed since 1930 , rises an additional 15 metres ( 49 ft ) into the skies , crowned with a gilded knob and a weather vane displaying a cut-out coat of arms of Bern . [ 17 ]
Bells and bell-striker [ edit ]
Detail : Gilded Jacquemart and hour bell . Below , the top of the smaller quarter-hour bell .
The tower 's two namesake bronze bells hang in the cupola at its very top . [ citation needed ]
Zytglogge bellworks
The great hour bell , cast by Johann Reber , has remained unchanged since the tower 's reconstruction in 1405 . It has a diameter of 127 centimetres ( 50 in ) , a weight of 1,400 kilograms ( 3,100 lb ) and rings with a nominal tone of e ' . [ 18 ] The inscription on the bell reads , in Latin :
`` In the October month of the year 1405 I was cast by Master John called Reber of Aarau . I am vessel and wax , and to all I tell the hours of the day . `` [ 18 ]
When the great bell rings out every full hour , struck by a large clockwork-operated hammer , passers-by see a gilded figure in full harness moving its arm to strike it . The larger-than-life figure of bearded Chronos , the Greek personification of time , is traditionally nicknamed Hans von Thann by the Bernese . [ 19 ] The wooden bell-striker , which has been replaced several times , has been a fixture of the Zytglogge since the renewal of the astronomical clock in 1530 , whose clockwork also controls the figure 's motions . The original wooden Chronos might have been created by master craftsman Albrecht von Nürnberg , [ 20 ] while the current and most recent Hans is a 1930 reconstruction of a Baroque original . The bell-striker has been gilded , just like the bells , since 1770 . [ 17 ]
Below the hour bell hangs the smaller quarter-hour bell , also rung by a clockwork hammer . It was cast in 1887 to replace the cracked 1486 original . [ 17 ]
Clock faces and façade decorations [ edit ]
Photograph of astronomical dial with labeled parts .
The frieze with Saturn , Jupiter , Mars , Venus , and Mercury .
The eastern clockface .
The western clockface ( including some tram cabling ) .
in situ in 1530 by Kaspar Brunner , `` cannonball '' pendulum bob on the left . The movement forgedin 1530 by Kaspar Brunner , `` cannonball '' pendulum bob on the left .
Both principal façades , East and West , are dominated by massive clockfaces . The Zytglogge 's first clockface was likely located on the plinth , but was moved up to the center of the shaft during the tower 's 15th-century reconfiguration . [ 21 ]
The eastern clock face features an outer ring of large golden Roman numerals , on which the larger hand indicates the hour , and an inner ring on which the smaller hand indicates the minutes . The golden sun on the hour hand is pivot-mounted so that it always faces up . [ 22 ] Below the clock face one sees an idealised profile of city founder Duke Berchtold V of Zähringen . While the exact decoration of the clockface has varied from renovation to renovation , the current ( post-1983 ) layout is generally that of 1770 . [ citation needed ]
The western clock face has similar hands , but is an integral part of Victor Surbek 's 1929 fresco `` Beginning of Time '' . The painting depicts Chronos swooping down with cape fluttering , and , below the clockface , Adam and Eve 's eviction from Paradise by an angel . [ 23 ]
Astronomical clock [ edit ]
The dial of the Zytglogge 's astronomical clock is built in the form of an astrolabe . It is backed by a stereographically projected planisphere divided into three zones : the black night sky , the deep blue zone of dawn and the light blue day sky . The skies are crisscrossed with the golden lines of the horizon , dawn , the tropics and the temporal hours , which divide the time of daylight into twelve hours whose length varies with the time of year . [ 24 ]
Around the planisphere moves the rete , a web-like metal cutout representing the zodiac , which also features a Julian calendar dial . Above the rete , a display indicates the day of the week . Because leap days are not supported by the clockwork , the calendar hand has to be reset manually each leap year on 29 February . [ 11 ] A moon dial circles the inner ring of the zodiac , displaying the moon phase . The principal hand of the clock indicates the time of day on the outer ring of 24 golden Roman numerals , which run twice from I to XII . It features two suns , the smaller one indicating the date on the rete 's calendar dial . The larger one circles the zodiac at one revolution per year and also rotates across the planisphere once per day . Its crossing of the horizon and dawn lines twice per day allows the timing of sunrise , dawn , dusk and sunset . [ 25 ]
The painted frieze above the astronomical clock shows five deities from classical antiquity , each representing both a day of the week and a planet in their order according to Ptolemaic cosmology . From left to right , they are : Saturn with sickle and club for Saturday , Jupiter with thunderbolts for Thursday , Mars with sword and shield for Tuesday , Venus with Cupid for Friday and Mercury with staff and bag for Wednesday . [ 24 ] The painting of the entire clock area was refurbished in 1983 . Only the matte areas on the clock face are from the earlier coat of paint . [ citation needed ]
Movement [ edit ]
The clock dial has been dated to either the building phases of 1405 or 1467-83 , [ 25 ] or to the installation of the Brunner clockwork in 1527-30 . [ 26 ] Ueli Bellwald notes that the planisphere uses a southern projection , as it was characteristic for 15th-century astronomical clocks ; all later such clocks use a northern projection . This would seem to confirm the dating of the clock to the 1405 or 1467/83 renovations . [ 24 ]
A clock is documented in this tower since 1405 , [ 27 ] when a new bell was installed . The city accounts of 1438 mention the repair of the clockworks . The first mention of a dial is in 1443 , and the first known image of the , much smaller first astrolabium dial ( in the diary a cobbler journeyman from Ulm ) is dated 1534 . The jacquemart ( bellstriker ) is also documented in the same 1534 source . [ citation needed ]
In the first two decades of the sixteenth century many craftsmen unsuccessfully tried to improve the clockworks . The current movement was made in 1530 by clockmaker Kaspar Brunner and is dated and signed by a forged nameplate . No other clockworks by this master are known . The core of the movement was forged in situ , in the very room it is still located , and the fire pit of the forge remains in the room . One of the more unusual features of the movement is that each individual tooth of the major gears is removable ( i.e. , replaceable as it wears ) . [ citation needed ]
Originally , the movement had a verge escapement with a foliot , as it was built 127 years before the pendulum clock was invented . The Zytglogge movement was converted to a much more accurate pendulum mechanism by the French clockmaker Pierre Angely between 1686 and 1688 . The current pendulum bob , a `` recycled '' iron cannonball , possibly dates from that time . The pendulum suspension is made from leather rather than using a metal spring . [ citation needed ]
The weight-driven movement is wound daily by hand . That task , a role known as the `` Zytgloggenrichter '' , has been held for over 25 years by the same individual. [ who ? ] [ citation needed ]
Interior [ edit ]
The Zytglogge 's internal layout has changed over time to reflect the tower 's change of purpose from guard tower to city prison to clock tower . The thirteenth-century guard tower was not much more than a hollow shell of walls that was open towards the city in the east . [ 28 ] Only in the fourteenth century was a layer of four storeys inserted . [ 29 ]
The rooms above the clockwork mechanism were used by the city administration for various purposes up until the late 20th century , including as archives , storerooms , as a firehose magazine and even as an air raid shelter . [ 30 ] The interior was frequently remodelled in a careless , even vandalistic fashion ; for instance , all but three of the original wooden beams supporting the intermediate floors were destroyed . [ 30 ] Since 1979 , the tower 's interior is empty again . [ 31 ] It is only accessed for maintenance and in the course of regular guided tours .
[ 32 ] East/West cross-section of the Zytglogge after each of its principal building phases and in 1979 .
References [ edit ]
Senior officials from the United States and Israel have secretly met in Washington to hammer out a deal on confronting Iran on several fronts , a new report says .
The closed-door meeting , led by US National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster and their Israeli counterpart Meir Ben-Shabbat , took place at the White House on December 12 , and the two sides agreed on forming joint teams to combat Iran in the Middle East region , Israeli media reported Thursday .
The two sides signed a document that would translate US President Donald Trump 's October speech , where they `` decertified '' the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers -- the US , the UK , France , China , Russia and Germany .
The joint teams , four in total , would explore different ways to deal with what the Tel Aviv regime refers to as `` the Iran threat . ''
According to the report , one of the teams would try to curb Iran 's influence in Syria and work to block Tehran 's support for the Lebanese resistant group Hezbollah .
Iran has been supporting the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in its fight against foreign-backed militancy since 2011 upon a request by Damascus . Hezbollah has also been helping Assad 's government in the fight against Takfiri militants .
The second team was tasked with conducting diplomatic and intelligence activities to disrupt Iran 's nuclear program , while another team would specialize in dealing with the country 's ballistic missile work .
Finally , the fourth team would control preparations for any escalation with Hezbollah or Tehran .
The report cited a senior Israeli official as saying that Tel Aviv and Washington “ see eye to eye on the trends and processes in the region . ''
An unknown US National Security Council representative said the deal between Tel Aviv and Washington was an informal “ framework ” rather than a full-fledged plan .
“ Obviously , there was a major strategy that was announced a few months ago , and there have been meetings subsequent to that shaped by that new strategy , ” the official added . “ And obviously Israel is one of our closest allies . ”
Read More :
During their October 13 speech , Trump said they would not recertify Iran 's commitment to the nuclear deal , known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPOA ) . They also outlined a new , tougher approach toward Tehran .
The new approach included more sanctions against the Islamic Republic and specifically the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps ( IRGC ) over its missile program .
The US has recently stepped up efforts to target Iran 's ballistic missile program . Besides imposing new sanctions on Iran , the Trump administration has accused the country of providing missile technology to Yemen 's Ansarullah movement , which is at war with Saudi Arabia , another close US ally . Tehran has rejected the US allegations .
Hoskins is retiring , but director Robert Zemeckis says they have a script ready
The long-promised sequel to Who Framed Roger Rabbit could still happen , says director Robert Zemeckis .
Released in 1988 , the original starred Bob Hoskins alongside cartoon characters such as Jessica Rabbit , who was memorably voiced by Kathleen Turner . Directed by Zemeckis , the film earned rave reviews for its clever mix of live action and animation and is now seen as a modern classic .
Zemeckis has always been on board for a sequel , but the project has been stuck in development hell for over a decade . Meanwhile , Hoskins announced this August ( 2012 ) that they are to retire from acting after being diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease .
However , Zemeckis has yet to give up hope on Who Framed Rabbit 2 . Talking to Showbiz411.com at the New York Film Festival on Sunday ( October 14 ) , they revealed that they have a script ready .
After expressing sadness about Hoskins ' retirement , the director said : “ I have a script at Disney , and we 're just waiting for all the executive changes to settle down there . ”
Meanwhile , Disney is planning a 3D re-release of the original Who Framed Roger Rabbit next November ( 2013 ) to mark the film 's 25th anniversary .
World War I : Relatives of Indigenous soldiers fight for them to be recognised 100 years on
Updated
There is a growing push for better recognition of Indigenous soldiers , many of whom had to lie about their identity to serve their country .
Some of those soldiers ' names are still not honoured in the Australian War Memorial , despite their active service .
As the centenary anniversary of the Anzac landings at Gallipoli approaches , the fight for proper acknowledgement of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders who fought for their country is gaining strength .
While they were equals on the battlefields of World War I , when they returned they were often not given the recognition and entitlements they deserved .
The true extent of their service is only now being realised and it goes right back to the Boer War .
More than 400 Indigenous young men went to fight in World War I - despite the Commonwealth Defence Act prohibiting any person not of `` substantially European '' origin from serving .
For many it was their first taste of freedom away from their lives on reserves and missions , where there were restrictions on movement , residence , employment and citizenship .
It is a story that Di Andrews knows all too well , from their grandfather Jack Lander .
Their name is still not on the official war memorial and that is something I will make sure before I die is done . Di Andrews
Since their death in the 1960s , Ms Andrews ' family has fought for their service in the Third Light Horse Brigade to be properly honoured at the Australian War Memorial .
`` He was a horse-breaker so when the First Light Horse went in World War I , they trained all the horses and a lot of the Light Horse soldiers to ride a horse and they trained the horses to go , '' Ms Andrews said .
`` He was n't eligible as an Aboriginal man to go , so they stayed behind continuing to prepare the horses .
`` After so many people were killed they said to grandfather , 'Well , we need you - we 'll just turn a blind eye to the fact that you 're Aboriginal ' .
`` He went off on the third Light Horse ... they saw what was happening on the warfront , not only to the horses but to the men , and it had an enormous impact on him . ''
' I 'll make sure he 's recognised before I die '
Ms Andrews said on their return , their grandfather received none of the entitlements their fellow soldiers did because they were Aboriginal .
`` He went and served their country and then they did n't get any of the entitlements when they returned and they were then shunned from society , '' they said .
`` He signed up in 1917 and in 1945 they were then issued with a black passport , which treated them as a complete outsider in their own country .
`` His name is still not on the official war memorial and that is something I will make sure before I die is done . ''
Ms Andrews ' quest for better recognition for their grandfather and others like them led to them organising a special commemorative service .
For the first time in its history , the Redland City Council , south-east of Brisbane , created an honour role of Indigenous people who fought for their country .
Hundreds of people made their way to the Cleveland town square when the council put on a special ceremony during NAIDOC week in July .
More than 60 names were read out - their service stretching from World War I to more recent conflicts .
Arthur Day , 91 , was one of three brothers who signed up to fight for their country .
Their son-in-law Denis Kerr is a Vietnam veteran and said they were relieved and proud to see Mr Day 's deeds properly recognised on the honour roll .
`` The way the Indigenous people were equal when they were in the services , fighting for their country , but as soon as they left the services , they were no longer equal - I think that , what us Vietnam vets suffered was nothing compared to the Indigenous people , '' Mr Kerr said .
`` They were n't even able to go into an RSL . That 's how silly it was .
`` It 's never going to be completely righted . Probably not in my lifetime , probably not in your lifetime .
`` But I think it 's important that we keep chipping away ; [ that ] we keep doing everything we can to show the respect and honour that our Indigenous people deserve . ''
Aboriginal fighter pilot could not get work on return home
Redland City Mayor Karen Williams said when the council put out the call to the community for information about their loved ones , the response was extraordinary .
`` To in fact have these people who have n't been recognised officially now being on that notional honour roll , is really important , '' Ms Williams said .
`` It will be an ongoing project and no doubt something that other cities and parts of Australia would like to take on board . ''
Them voice has been joined by others calling for better recognition of Indigenous veterans .
The RSL put on a special commemoration service at Brisbane 's Anzac Square to honour Indigenous veterans as part of Reconciliation Week .
Whilst there was high regard for people when they were serving , society when they got out did n't help . Dr Tom Calma
Dianne Russell is the daughter of Len Waters - the first Aboriginal fighter pilot and a man who served their nation in Borneo and New Guinea in World War II .
They said the treatment they received when they returned home fell far short of what they deserved .
`` He was the only Aboriginal fighter pilot in the Second World War . The only one to date , '' Mrs Russell said .
`` He did n't have a huge education . They educated themselves and they achieved something that no-one else has ever been able to do. ``
When they returned , despite their decorations and service , Mr Waters could not get work worthy of theirs experience .
Dr Tom Calma , Chancellor of the University of Canberra and a member of the National Reserves Support Council , said Mr Waters was one of many Aboriginal people who suffered after coming back from war .
`` One of the most distinguished Australian pilots during WWII , I think they flew something like 97 or so sorties and was very active during World War II , and the irony is that when they returned to Australia they could n't get a job as a pilot , '' Dr Calma said .
`` He had a lot of difficulty getting a job full stop , and so they ended up reverting to their previous experience as a shearer .
`` They were n't given the due recognition , they were n't able to participate in activities associated with the RSL , which is the main body that represents returning soldiers .
`` They were n't able to get access at the time through the soldier settler grant scheme .
`` Many did suffer the inability to be able to get engaged in employment and so whilst there was high regard for people when they were serving , society when they got out did n't help . ''
Black Diggers production brings hope for proper recognition
The lives of Indigenous diggers who served in World War I and their experiences when their service was not recognised were woven into the production of the play Black Diggers .
The Queensland Theatre Company brought it to the stage as part of the Brisbane Festival after its debut at the Sydney Festival .
It was such a success it will now tour Australia from Perth to Bendigo for three months from February .
Director Wesley Enoch said the play goes on a journey with Aboriginal veterans of World War I , as they recount their stories .
`` Many people might know about Indigenous soldiers going to World War II or to Vietnam or other theatres of war , but I think somehow the story of World War I and Indigenous participation has stepped out of our living memory . We do n't know about it so much , '' Mr Enoch said .
`` There 's sometimes a forgetting , a very convenient forgetting of what Indigenous Australians have done and I think World War I is one of those things when we have this commemoration to say , in fact this nation has been a very diverse nation for a very long time .
`` I know we look back and we think of our mythology as a very white Anglo-Saxon mythology , but in fact it 's always diverse and we 've been conveniently forgetting that . ''
Cast member Guy Simon went on their own personal journey through Black Diggers , discovering that one of their ancestors served in World War I .
`` It makes the story even more weighted , '' Mr Simon said .
`` Every time I go on stage , it 's not just a play , it 's so much more . These stories , you feel an obligation to tell them right . ''
For Ms Andrews , the increasing reach of shows such as Black Diggers brings their hope that proper recognition is coming for their Aboriginal grandfather and others like him .
`` It took us a 20-year battle with the RSL to have the proper acknowledgements on their tombstone , so my next challenge is to have their name officially in the war records , '' they said .
`` This is still happening . People do n't really believe it and they do n't believe it as it does n't happen to white fellas .
`` Unless people speak out and share the stories and people understand the history that 's going on , you 're not aware of it .
`` A lot of people in the honour roll are deceased but they live on in our hearts and in our stories and memories and to have them acknowledged was very important to people . ''
Editor 's Note , December 31 , 2014 : Comments in this story from Dr Tom Calma have been updated to clarify their view that Len Waters was one of the most distinguished Australian pilots during WWII , rather than being among the most decorated .
Topics : world-war-1 , history , community-and-society , people , human-interest , indigenous-other-peoples , redland-bay-4165 , qld , australia
First posted
MOUNT DORA , Fla. - Mount Dora police had a shopping center parking lot blocked off Friday night while officers investigated a homicide .
Authorities said officers were sent out about 6:30 p.m. after hearing preliminary reports that a man had been shot . When officials arrived to a barbershop on West Old Hwy 441 , one man was found dead and another was injured in the parking lot .
The suspect , Ryan Thornhill , 36 , is believed to be the man injured in the parking lot . They were airlifted to Orlando Regional Medical Center .
A witness told News 6 that the owner of the barbershop was killed over a dispute of the price of a haircut .
Nicole Russell said a man told the barber they had $ 2 , which they wanted to exchange for a haircut . Russell said the victim replied by saying they needed to come up with $ 8 more , because a haircut costs $ 10 .
Russell said the suspect returned a short time later and shot the barbershop owner .
`` He 's real nice , '' Russell said . `` He 's kindhearted . He 's doing the right thing . He 's got their own business to try to earn money for their kids and their family . ''
A nearby business owner said the victim is a husband and a father from Puerto Rico .
Russell said the victim was so popular , people drove across Central Florida to visit their barbershop .
`` They come from Orlando , Sanford -- everywhere to get a haircut from them because he 's that good , '' Russell said .
Thornhill is expected to be released from Orlando Regional Medical Center late Friday and taken to the Orange County Jail .
The name of the victim has not been released .
Copyright 2017 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved .
Nick Xenophon Team leader senator Nick Xenophon is eyeing off a raft of state seats . Photo : Mick Tsikas / AAP
The Nick Xenophon Team , which will run at least “ six to eight ” lower house candidates in the state poll , is expected to target Liberal-held Adelaide Hills seats that cover the same footprint as Mayo , which Rebekha Sharkie seized in last year 's federal election .
Those would likely include Kavel , Davenport , Finniss and Heysen – where former Opposition Leader Isobel Redmond yesterday announced their impending retirement .
But speaking on FIVEaa this morning , Xenophon insisted : “ I do n't want this to be seen as targeting [ just ] the Liberal seats – we 'll be targeting Labor seats as well . ”
Advertisement
And they were forthcoming about where their sights would be set , nominating Tourism Minister Leon Bignell 's seat of Mawson and Labor 's Whyalla-based stronghold of Giles , in which first term MP Eddie Hughes replaced retired former Speaker Lyn Breuer in 2014 .
They said they had “ always had a very civil , good relationship ” with Bignell , “ but what people have put to me is that because Kangaroo Island 's moved into that electorate – [ which is ] part of Rebekha Sharkie 's electorate – that would be an interesting seat to watch ” .
Ironically , though , a Xenophon win in Mawson could still come at the Opposition 's expense , given the recent boundary redistribution – which Labor is contesting in the Supreme Court – made Mawson a nominal Liberal seat on a 3.2 per cent margin .
Xenophon conceded Giles ( with a nominal 5.7 per cent margin for Labor after to redraw ) is “ a very safe Labor seat ” and said “ Eddie Hughes is a decent bloke ” .
“ But I think that in that seat that there could well be a mood for change , depending on the candidate , ” they said .
They noted NXT 's federal candidate , Andrea Broadfoot , almost snared the seat of Grey , which covers much of the same terrain , and “ our polling in Whyalla was over 30 per cent ” .
“ That puts us in a pretty reasonable position , ” they said .
Hughes today conceded that “ in general there 's been a shift away from the major parties ” .
“ But the amount of work that we 've done , especially in Whyalla , will serve us well in the upcoming state election , ” they said .
“ I think he 'll find the state election will be different from the federal election… in Whyalla itself , Labor won every booth in the federal election [ and ] that 's actually quite unusual . ”
The incumbent said “ the incredibly important thing will be all around jobs , and the Whyalla steelworks ” .
The Arrium operation went into administration last April , and Hughes says “ we will be judged as a state government about the effort and leadership we provide to ensure that the steelworks have got a long term future ” .
“ We 'll pull out every stop as a state government to ensure we get that result… but a lot is going to depend upon a successful sale process , ” they told InDaily .
Advertisement
Breuer , who is now serving as Whyalla 's mayor , believes Xenophon would “ have trouble shifting the Labor Party in Giles… but it 's always possible ” .
“ Certainly I 've heard he 's interested in coming in there , ” they told InDaily .
“ But Eddie Hughes has got a very strong hold in Whyalla… which is where the seat 's won or lost . ”
They were sceptical that the factors that influenced the federal vote would weigh as strongly on the state result , but noted the key for an NXT resurgence would be “ having a good candidate ” .
They said it would need to be somebody from the electorate , most likely Whyalla , as “ country people do n't like ring-ins ” .
“ The personal factors comes into it a bit more in country electorates because people know the individuals that are involved , so that would be a big factor , and that 's all politics aside , ” they said .
Xenophon also appeared upbeat about their party 's prospects in Heysen , telling FIVEaa : “ Isobel leaving obviously leaves a vacuum in that seat , and I think that vacuum could well be filled by a really solid candidate that I 'll be supporting , that Rebekha Sharkie will be supporting . ”
“ We have n't got a candidate in mind or lined up yet but we should do by the middle of the year , ” they said .
“ I 'm sure the Liberal Party will put a lot of resources into it [ but ] it 's not just Liberal seats that we 're targeting… there are some safe Labor seats that I think may be vulnerable but it depends on the candidate , it depends on the grassroots support , it depends on what resources we can raise…
“ But I would have thought given that Rebekha Sharkie is doing so well and representing people so well in that electorate… that gives us a pretty strong springboard for Heysen at the next state election . ”
We value local independent journalism . We hope you do too . InDaily provides valuable , local independent journalism in South Australia . As a news organisation it offers an alternative to The Advertiser , a different voice and a closer look at what is happening in our city and state for free . Any contribution to help fund our work is appreciated . Please click below to become an InDaily supporter . Powered by PressPatron
By W. Alejandro Sanchez
Argentina has requested that the United Kingdom engage in diplomatic talks regarding control of the Falkland Islands , or Islas Malvinas , depending on which side you support . As the islands will not change hands anytime soon , with London citing a 2013 referendum as proof of the Falklanders ' desire to remain in the UK , the dispute will continue . Nevertheless , in spite of occasional aggressive statements or alarmist media reports from either London or Buenos Aires , it is important to highlight that neither side has significantly increased their defense spending vis-à-vis the islands .
Donate to CIMSEC !
The War
In 1982 , Argentina launched an invasion of the islands , as the military government in Buenos Aires wanted to distract the Argentine population from the country 's crumbling economy and unite the citizenry behind the junta . The Falklands War has been extensively analyzed ( see such essays as “ Delayed Reaction : UK Maritime Expeditionary Capabilities and the Lessons of the Falklands Conflict , ” and “ Facts Influencing the Defeat of the Argentine Air Power in the Falklands War ” ) but a word must still be said about the conflict . The war is significant because , as Dr. Ian Speller explains , it “ was the first time since 1945 that a major western navy had come under sustained air attack at sea [ and ] it was the first time that a nuclear-powered hunter killer submarine conducted a successful attack on enemy surface units . ”
The navies and air forces from both sides were actively engaged in the battle to control the Falklands . As for successful attacks , aircraft from the Argentine Air Force and Navy managed to sink British vessels like the warships HMS Sheffield and HMS Ardent , and the supply ship MV Atlantic Conveyor , among others . Meanwhile , a British nuclear submarine , the HMS Conqueror , sank the Argentine Navy 's flagship , the ARA General Belgrano .
Official Statements
To this day , Argentina continues to claim ownership of the islands . Case in point , now former-President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , declared this past April that they foresaw that one day the islands would be under Argentine control . A month earlier , UK Defence Secretary Michael Fallon announced that “ we are going to beef up the defence of the Falkland Islands , ” the obvious assumption being that the islands need protection from a possible Argentine attack . These statements come to no surprise , as over the past years Buenos Aires and London claim that the “ other side ” is taking aggressive steps regarding the islands .
The islands , particularly after the war , are a key part of Argentine nationalism , hence it should not be surprising that Argentina 's new head of state , President Mauricio Macri , will give the occasional nationalistic statement over the islands or call for negotiations . Nevertheless they also want U.S. and European investment to jump start the country 's economy , so they may not be overly aggressive ( after their electoral victory in November , Macri and Prime Minister David Cameron held a telephone discussion in which they agreed on forging closer commercial ties ) . I would argue that nationalistic statements or calls for dialogue with London from Buenos Aires are mostly for internal consumption , as a way for President Macri to show their people that they have not forgotten about the islands . After all , it would be political suicide for any Argentine president to not make the occasional patriotic declaration regarding the Falklands .
Defense Realities
Provocative calls for negotiations aside , the Argentine Navy is in no particular shape to engage in a new conflict over the islands . The Navy 's biggest acquisition in recent years was that of four Russian multipurpose ships ( Aviso/Neftegaz-class ) , which will be utilized for search and rescue operations and scientific projects around the Antarctic . The vessels arrived to the South American nation this past December . Theoretically , the Navy could install weapons systems aboard the vessels , but it is unlikely that this will happen due to budgetary
limitations . Regarding submarines the only new development is that in 2014 the ARA San Juan ( a diesel TR-1700-class ) was finally returned to the Navy after it underwent repairs that had taken several years to complete .
As for the Air Force , which was a critical factor in Argentina 's victories at sea during the Falklands War , just this past November it decommissioned its aging Mirage warplane fleet . The problem is that the Air Force does not have a new warplane to replace the Mirage . Over the past years there were rumors that Buenos Aires would acquire Russian Sukhoi warplanes ( hence the need for London to “ beef up ” the defense of the islands ) but this deal never materialized . Similarly , a recent deal for Israeli Kfir warplanes has been put on hold . For the time being , Argentina will have to rely on trainers , such as the Pampa III , and various , also aging , aircraft to protect its airspace .
The Air Force 's situation is so dismal that during the December 2015 inauguration ceremony of President Macri , Argentina requested that Uruguay have three of its own Cessna Dragonfly planes on alert , ready to support Buenos Aires if some crisis occurred . While this request speaks well of Argentina-Uruguay defense relations , it highlights that the Argentine military is hardly in any shape to attempt a renewed operation to take over the Falklands .
As for the UK Navy , the big news is that it is constructing two new carriers , one of which , the HMS Queen Elizabeth , should be operational by 2020 . The new vessels are part of a push for greater defense spending by London . Just this past December , Secretary Fallon declared that “ we have said we will maintain a minimum fleet of 19 destroyers and frigates , but as the older frigates are retired we also hope to add a lighter frigate between the offshore patrol vessel and Type 26 and to build more of those as well. ” Additionally , the Royal Air Force and Royal Navy will benefit from having the new F-35 warplanes in their inventory , as “ the Lightning II will be the backbone of Britain 's future carrier operations. ” ( Of course , how long it will take for the F-35 to be delivered is another question ) .
Regarding the Falklands themselves , the Royal Navy maintains the HMS Clyde stationed there as part of its South Atlantic Patrol program ( in November 2015 , the HMS Clyde assisted in rescuing tourists trapped in a sinking cruise ship close to the Falklands ) . Additionally , the British daily Express reported that this past April British troops carried out exercises in the Falklands which simulated an invasion of the islands . As for new equipment , the only major ongoing acquisition program seems to be additional Giraffe AMB radars , manufactured by Saab .
One could argue that the British military is suffering from exhaustion due to the multiple operations it carries out around the world , from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to security operations in the Mediterranean and the Horn of Africa . Just this past December , the destroyer HMS Defender was deployed to the Mediterranean to support the French carrier Charles de Gaulle . Given its multiple ongoing operations , it 's difficult to say how long it would take London to organize a new expeditionary force that would be sent to the Falklands , should another conflict occur . ( Daniel Gibran 's The Falklands War , 1998 , provides a great summary of the logistical success of deploying over 50 warships , over 50 support vessels , aircraft , troops , ammo and other supplies to the South Atlantic – p. 80-83 ) .
Conspiracy Theories/Exaggerations
Finally , a word must be said about accusations originating in both London and Buenos Aires concerning the other 's intentions regarding the Falklands . As previously mentioned , while there has not been another war over the islands since the early 1980s , just about every year there are accusations that either the Argentine or British government are behaving in an aggressive manner . For example , in 2012 Argentina accused the UK of “ militarizing ” the South Atlantic . Moreover , the Argentine media widely reproduced the March 2015 comments by Secretary Fallon about “ beefing up ” of the defenses in the Falklands . In particular the Argentine media quoted and discussed a March 23 , 2015 , report by the British tabloid The Sun that London feared an imminent attack by Argentina , with Russian support . At the time , the ongoing theory in the British media was that , due to the close relations between Moscow and Buenos Aires ( largely due to the friendship between President Vladimir Putin with then-President Kirchner ) , Russia would somehow support Argentina 's military in the islands .
Final Thoughts
As a reminder , Argentina did not purchase the Russian or Israeli planes while , apart from one military exercise and new radars , the British have yet to significantly beef up their security of the islands . Thus , I would argue that currently the possibility of a renewed war remains extremely low , particularly now that the new Argentine President Macri is actually trying to approach the West ( meaning the U.S. and Europe ) for investment in order to improve the country 's economy . The British government seems to have a similar assessment of the situation as the Strategic Defense and Security Review 2015 explains that “ we judge the risk of a military attack [ against the Falklands ] to be low , but we will retain a deterrence posture , with sufficient military forces in the region , including Royal Navy warships , Army units and RAF Typhoon aircraft . ”
The information presented in this analysis argues that in spite of the occasional alarmist report , neither side has actually carried out major military-related initiatives that could be labeled as aggressive . Argentina has not acquired significant military equipment aside from four Russian research vessels and its repaired old submarine , while the UK , apart from one military exercise , does not seem to have sent additional troops or vessels to the islands . While diplomatic tensions will remain for the immediate future , as Buenos Aires will not give up its claim to the islands and London will not negotiate their fate , hopefully we will not witness another war over the Falklands . Then again , as Gibran states “ predicting state behavior is not an exact science , especially in conflict situations . The assumption of a rational behavior on the part of a country , however desirable this idea may appear , is not a given state of affairs ” ( The Falklands War , p. 89 ) .
As a corollary to this analysis , in early January the oil and gas company Rockhopper announced that it had discovered oil in its Isobel Deep well in the Falklands . The potential of big oil reserves is another reason for Argentina 's claim on the islands , and the recent discovery will give new impetus for calling for negotiations . If nothing else , we can be thankful that both militaries , particularly their navies , are hardly in a position to participate in another war just yet .
W. Alejandro Sanchez is a researcher who focuses on geopolitics , military and cybersecurity issues in the Western Hemisphere . Their research interests include inter-state tensions , narco-insurgent movements and drug cartels , arms sales , the development of Latin American military industries , UN peacekeeping operations , as well as the rising use of drones in Latin America . The views presented in this essay are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of any institutions with which the author is associated . Follow them on Twitter @ W_Alex_Sanchez
Donate to CIMSEC !
Share this : Email
Tumblr
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
The Verge We 're two weeks away from Microsoft 's Windows 8 launch , scheduled for Oct. 26 , but it seems at least one Walmart store got ahead of itself and placed the software on store shelves .
Today The Verge received a tip from one of its readers showing boxed copies of Windows 8 Pro , a high-end consumer version of its popular PC operating system , on Walmart store shelves .
The reader spoke with employees and was informed that the software was available for purchase and that `` the store just was n't fully promoting them yet — despite being on display fully . ''
Last week the box art for Microsoft 's newest operating system was released along with pre-order pricing and availability .
If your local Walmart does n't have Windows 8 available for purchase , MaximumPC is reporting that Best Buy stores are already displaying Windows 8 PCs .
These are demo machines , not units available for purchase , but if you want to get an idea of what Windows 8 is like , you can play around with them .
Do n't miss : If You 're Jumping Out Of Your Skin To Get Windows 8 , Here 's How To Order It Now >
Nutaku & Sekai Project
Nutaku
9/9/2016
Game Updates
In the small world of western Japanese game publishers , Sekai Project has built a reputation as one of the best companies for delivering quality translations of the most in-demand titles . With almost a decade of experience under their belts , they have the knowledgeable staff and necessary reach to secure distribution rights for titles that many of us never expected to be able to enjoy in English . From NekoPara to the upcoming Baldr Sky , their games are a qualitative cut above the rest .
Despite the tremendous leaps made by the company since its inception , Sekai Project also labors under a burden of hypocrisy enforced by major players in the game distribution industry . The adult content in their most popular games , despite being an integral part of the users ' experience , prevents the uncensored sale of titles on Steam and casts a shadow on their ability to work with fully mainstream partners . Caught between the legitimate desires of fans for uncensored content and the tyranny of a system unready for mature games , Sekai has worked to navigate the narrow course between contradictory marketplace demands .
That 's where Nutaku enters the picture .
As an unabashedly adult-oriented company , Nutaku does n't shy away from challenging content . We have the resources and ability to market fully hentai games without burning bridges , because we 've already burned them long ago . Importantly , we also host a community of players who love hentai games and are eager to explore the greatest titles in the genre .
Now , we 're excited to announce a bold new initiative : Nutaku will take a significant role in distributing the adult versions of upcoming Sekai Project titles . Our platform will unreservedly serve as a means for fans of Sekai Project translations to get their hands on the full , uncensored version of their games . We 'll also be lending our voice to requests for adult versions of games , ensuring that Japanese developers can be confident in a judgement-free zone of enthusiasts waiting to enjoy the product of their labors .
The latest Sekai Project effort , ChronoClock , surpassed its $ 20,000 kickstarter goal within 48 hours of launch and demonstrated once again the enduring demand for professional localizations of the best overseas games . Nutaku will serve as the main distributor of the adult version of the game , though it will also appear later in the year on DenpaSoft , Sekai 's adult wing .
As a final note , these games are translated by Sekai Project and delivered to you with no changes on the part of Nutaku . The role of our company is purely as a platform to connect players with the games they wish to purchase .
We hope you share in our excitement for ChronoClock and look forward to hosting the adult versions of many future Sekai Project titles !
All the best ,
The Nutaku Team
Boardman writes : `` Cheney has wanted all these wars to be inevitable for other people , not for anyone in their circle . That 's the way it 's been for Cheney since they copped out on the war of their generation , getting five deferments from Viet Nam because they had 'other priorities ' ... ''
Former Vice President Dick Cheney . ( photo : Getty Images )
Dick Cheney Calls for War on Iran
By William Boardman , Reader Supported News
Over a decade of warmongering and only a couple of wars to show for it
et 's go make war on Iran ! '' said Republican Dick Cheney in somewhat different words on one of those silly Sunday shows October 26th .
This was n't the first time Cheney had advocated for war on Iran . Or for torture . Or for assassination by drone . Or for any other war crime for which they are unlikely ever to be held accountable .
But in all fairness to the former vice president , this time they really only implied that war on Iran was inevitable . Looking at the record , however , it 's hard to find any war Cheney has n't found `` inevitable , '' even if they had to lie to get it started , as they did with Iraq .
And Cheney 's fondness for `` inevitable '' wars relies not merely on dishonesty , but more importantly , on personal detachment . Cheney has wanted all these wars to be inevitable for other people , not for anyone in their circle . That 's the way it 's been for Cheney since they copped out on the war of their generation , getting five deferments from Viet Nam because they had `` other priorities '' that included cheering on the warmakers who were sending more and more of other people 's children to suffer and die in Southeast Asia .
On the other hand , Cheney did n't call for attacking Iran with nuclear weapons the way Republican billionaire Sheldon Adelson did a few days earlier at Yeshiva University . Cheney did not object to nuking Iran either . And they have n't publicly disagreed with the octogenarian gambling mogul , so one suspects Cheney would be happy enough to see this particular smoking gun turn into a mushroom cloud .
Is nuking the Iranian desert really a smart move ?
In fairness to Adelson , who heavily backed Newt Gingrich for president , they did n't call for nuking Tehran right off . They said the U.S. should drop a demo nuke in an Iranian desert and then say : if you do n't drop your nuclear weapons development program , then we 'll nuke Tehran . Either strike would be a war crime .
But it 's far from certain that Iran actually has a nuclear weapons development program . Those who say it is certain are lying , for whatever political purpose they think their lies may serve . The same might be said about those who claim it 's certain that Iran does not have a nuclear weapons development program , people who have included the government of Iran and the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , as well as Mossad , the Israeli intelligence service ( at least according to The New York Times and Ha'aretz ) .
The reality is that , outside of Iran , no one has any certainty what Iran 's long term intentions are , never ? mind what they might be doing about those intentions at the moment . Too many people , especially people in assorted governments , have a vested interest in not believing that , even if it 's true .
They 'd rather take a chance on creating an untenable Catch-22 demand for Iran to drop a program it does n't have - even if it means another war .
Iran is the right 's favorite straw man , scapegoat , and imagined existential threat . And Iran , perversely , seems to delight in baiting its declared enemies with hints and innuendoes that feed their greatest fears without providing enough concrete evidence to make those fears demonstrably real . This is like déjà vu all over again , a replay of Saddam Hussein 's self-defeating posturing in defense of their own nonexistent weapons of mass destruction .
A whole history matters , not just one side of it
You might think Iran had done enough for the American right by holding American hostages long enough in 1979-1980 to elect Ronald Reagan ( who later made their own detente-like overtures to Tehran , though they felt the need to do so in secret ) . But no , Iran has been demonized for more than 30 years by people who refuse to put Iran 's actual crimes in the context of the United States ' having destroyed Iranian democracy in 1953 .
What makes the Cheneys and Adelsons of this world crazier than ever these days is the possibility - the mere possibility - that the Obama administration might somehow restore the slightest normalization with an Islamic nation of 77 million people that has n't attacked another sovereign state in more than a hundred years under a variety of regimes .
For Iranophobes , more than a century of nonaggression is not enough to offset the fevered dream that Iran might attack somebody , primarily Israel , despite lacking significant means or motivation to do so . Remember Senator John McCain invoking the Beach Boys during their 2008 presidential campaign - `` Bomb bomb bomb , bomb bomb Iran ? '' Did they ever say why , exactly ? No , they said they were joking .
Cheney is n't joking . He 's talked about bombing Iran for years , so much so that the mystery is that they did n't get President Bush to do it .
Cheney did n't get their war , but at least they prevented peace
The best Cheney could do was to prevent a peaceful relationship from developing with Iran after the U.S. occupied Iraq in 2003 . Iran sent a peaceful initiative that Colin Powell , then Secretary of State , wanted to explore . Cheney killed it .
In 2007 , Cheney 's plan was to persuade Israel to attack Iran 's uranium enrichment plant . Then , when Iran presumably retaliated , the U.S. would bomb Iran to bits . Earlier in the year , Cheney 's plan to bomb `` training camps '' in Iran met opposition from the Pentagon and did n't happen .
In 2008 , Seymour Hersh reported about another war planning meeting involving Cheney earlier that year :
There were a dozen ideas proffered about how to trigger a war . The one that interested me the most was why do n't we build - we in our shipyard - build four or five boats that look like Iranian PT boats . Put Navy seals on them with a lot of arms . And next time one of our boats goes to the Straits of Hormuz , start a shoot-up . Might cost some lives . And it was rejected because you ca n't have Americans killing Americans ....
`` I was probably a bigger advocate of military action than any of my colleagues , '' Cheney admitted in 2009 , expressing the same view Adelson holds now : `` I thought that negotiations could not possibly succeed unless the Iranians really believed we were prepared to use military force . And to date , of course , they are still proceeding with their nuclear program and the matter has not yet been resolved . ''
It does n't matter so much why you bomb , so long as you bomb
In 2011 , after an American drone went down in Iran and the Iranians had it in their possession , Cheney told CNN that the best response would have been to bomb Iran : `` The right response to that would have been to go in immediately after it had gone down and destroy it… . You certainly could have gone in and destroyed it on the ground with an airstrike . ''
On CBS , when asked if that airstrike might not have started a war , Cheney chose not to answer the question , preferring to blame President Obama : `` But the administration basically limited itself to saying , 'Please give it back , ' and the Iranians said no . ''
Cheney continues to pimp for war on Iran , most recently on ABC 's This Week with George Stephanopoulos , where Cheney first called for Congress to impose more sanctions on Iran , in addition to sanctions that have been in place for years . The Obama administration opposes new sanctions now , wanting to allow recently started talks to play themselves out with as little impediment as possible .
In that context , Stephanopoulos asked Cheney : `` Did you think your administration should have taken military action against Iran 's nuclear program ? ''
Cheney did n't answer the question directly , talking instead about Israel bombing a Syrian reactor in September 2007 , and expressing regret that the U.S. had n't done the job instead :
`` And if we had taken out the Syrian reactor the way the Israelis did , and they wanted us to do it , we would have sent a clear signal about proliferation . We would have given substance and meaning to our diplomacy . The Iranians would have to look at that and say , these guys are serious about it , they mean business . And we 'd be much more effective today negotiating with the Iranians if we 'd taken out that Syrian reactor seven years ago . ''
And then the media-military-industrial complex revealed itself
Stephanopoulos immediately , leadingly , inexplicably asked an unprompted , unprincipled , softball question : `` Is military action against Iran inevitable ? ''
`` I have trouble seeing how we 're going to achieve our objective short of that . And I doubt very much that the diplomacy will be effective if there 's not the prospect that , if diplomacy fails , that we will , in fact , resort to military force , '' Cheney responded .
`` Let 's turn to politics , '' replied Stephanopoulos , as if floating a self-fulfilling prophecy designed to encourage Congress to improve the chances of pushing the country into another war were n't politics .
Going to war to hold people accountable for crimes they have n't committed - fantasy crimes - really is n't such a good idea . It 's a lesson the past decade in Iraq should have taught us all without much ambiguity . So why do any of the mainstream media ( like ABC , CBS , and CNN above ) continue to give airtime to the warmongering opinions of unindicted war criminals ? But that 's not a question people like Stephanopoulos and their employers even ask , is it ?
William M. Boardman has over 40 years experience in theatre , radio , TV , print journalism , and non-fiction , including 20 years in the Vermont judiciary . They have received honors from Writers Guild of America , Corporation for Public Broadcasting , Vermont Life magazine , and an Emmy Award nomination from the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences .
Reader Supported News is the Publication of Origin for this work . Permission to republish is freely granted with credit and a link back to Reader Supported News .
This past summer , amidst the turmoil generated by the police killings of unarmed Black citizens Philando Castile and Alton Sterling , President Barack Obama participated in a televised ABC News town hall on racism and police brutality . The conversation was a fruitless endeavor as Obama 's inclination to discover common ground would leave all sides feeling unheard . While the police thought they were being too soft on “ anti-cop ” rhetoric , many Black folks were hoping the President would deliver a forceful rebuke of law enforcement 's use of excessive force and discriminatory criminal justice outcomes .
At one point during the discussion , the camera panned to an older white woman identified as Karen Sharpe , the mother of Michael Slager , who killed Walter Scott in South Carolina . Sharpe was brought on as a victim . The trauma of seeing their son temporarily punished for their actions became conflated with Judy Scott , the mother of Walter Scott , seeing video of their son being summarily murdered by law enforcement and then equivocated as equal .
Could you imagine the parents of an Islamic state terrorist being invited to a nationally broadcast conversation on 9/11 and the war on terror ? Probably not .
For many African-Americans , “ Get over [ insert tragedy suffered by Black Americans at the hands of white supremacy here ] ! ” feels like a traditional and familiar proverb of racially unfettered whiteness . The sort of whiteness that views slavery as a historical antiquity with no more modern-day social ramifications than the days of ancient Rome . The sort of whiteness that believes we truly exist in a post-racial era where the only true form of discrimination is “ reverse racism. ” This form of toxicity propagates the idea that even when a white person does something indefensible against Black folks , like gunning down nine innocent people while they prayed together at church , their actions must be met with forgiveness , calm and resignation of all personal animus towards the evil-doer in particular and whiteness in general .
But , what 's truly fascinating about this sort of whiteness is the hypocrisy of their empathy . The absolution they believe their racial identity entitles them to escapes their nationalistic minds when they feel they 've been wronged by foreign raiders . The same people who demand that Black folks find extra cheeks to turn are thoroughly unwilling to turn any to anyone else . This is best exemplified by how many white Americans compare our incursion to 9/11 .
`` Slavery ? Oh that was 400 years ago .. get over it '' `` Police shooting ? Oh that was 2 weeks ago '' `` 9/11 ? Oh never forget '' — Gym Jones ( @ JeyTheVillain ) February 2 , 2017
racist : why cant ppl get over slavery it ended years ago & theres a black history month
same racist : 9/11 NEVER FORGET ! BLUE LIVES MATTER ! — space angel princess ( @ Iildevil ) February 13 , 2017
What 's truly fascinating is how the same people who lecture Black activists on the merits of remaining peaceful when challenging racist practices will not consider nonviolence as a means of combating terror .
In the name of safety and security , the nation declared war , suspended the freedoms of citizens , promoted preemptive strikes against other nations , detained people with little to no evidence , tortured them , subjected them to unfair trials and locked them away in secret detention centers . This is the blueprint America has established for confronting and combating terror at home and abroad .
In a nation where an American citizen is more than seven times as likely to be killed by a right-wing extremist than by a Muslim terrorist , what if these practices were targeted at white domestic terrorists ? The Black community has suffered through endless acts of brutal terror , so if our safety and security is paramount , where 's the War on Racism ?
In America , Black citizens have been forcefully entrapped in a web of violent , systemic discrimination occupied by law enforcement , white supremacist groups and right-wing terror factions , a fact our intelligence agencies have even confirmed . This domestic terror , whether deemed legal or illegal , is either directly driven or dangerously undergirded by racism that we are constantly told to overlook and ignore . But , what if we decided not to overlook it ?
If the FBI preemptively targeted certain states with a high number of militias and the people in those militias were placed on an FBI watch list , would that not improve the safety of Black people ? Instead of the “ Bush Doctrine , ” we could call it the “ Diversity Doctrine . ”
If criminals who 've committed especially egregious crimes , such as gunning down a 12-year-old boy holding a toy gun in a park , were detained without trial in a hellish private prison with their rights suspended and a seemingly endless investigation ensued , would that not teach others a lesson ? What if Klan members were being routinely subjected to “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” like waterboarding for days on end ?
What if alt-right conventions were met with signature strikes ? Signature strikes are drone strikes that are issued against a group of targets believed to be extremists without actually knowing the exact identity of the targets involved . Or if drones swooped in and opened fire on a truck full of people because the truck had a Confederate flag on the license plate ? Would n't this make Black people feel safer ?
If the war on right-wing domestic terrorism looked like that , how many people would be comfortable with it ? Or , better yet , how many people are troubled by those images but not troubled by the fact that the United States is doing those things to Muslims in different countries around the world ?
For far too long , America has displayed a blatant cognitive dissonance concerning terrorism when it 's committed by whites as opposed to “ foreign ” combatants . Despite the great lengths it has gone to to vanquish enemies who promote terror against its people , the U.S. balks at taking any significant stance at protecting its own marginalized citizens . America already has a plan for so-called foreign terrorists , but the domestic ones escape serious efforts to deter them in our own backyard .
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views , policies or position of Atlanta Black Star or its employees
In a breakthrough discovery , researchers at RMIT University in Melbourne , Australia , have harnessed the power of sound waves to enable precision micro- and nano-manufacturing .
The researchers have demonstrated how high-frequency sound waves can be used to precisely control the spread of thin film fluid along a specially-designed chip , in a paper published today in Proceedings of the Royal Society A .
With thin film technology the bedrock of microchip and microstructure manufacturing , the pioneering research offers a significant advance -- potential applications range from thin film coatings for paint and wound care to 3D printing , micro-casting and micro-fluidics .
Professor James Friend , Director of the MicroNano Research Facility at RMIT , said the researchers had developed a portable system for precise , fast and unconventional micro- and nano-fabrication .
`` By tuning the sound waves , we can create any pattern we want on the surface of a microchip , '' Professor Friend said .
`` Manufacturing using thin film technology currently lacks precision ­- structures are physically spun around to disperse the liquid and coat components with thin film .
`` We 've found that thin film liquid either flows towards or away from high-frequency sound waves , depending on its thickness .
`` We not only discovered this phenomenon but have also unravelled the complex physics behind the process , enabling us to precisely control and direct the application of thin film liquid at a micro and nano-scale . ''
The new process , which the researchers have called `` acoustowetting , '' works on a chip made of lithium niobate ­- a piezoelectric material capable of converting electrical energy into mechanical pressure .
The surface of the chip is covered with microelectrodes and the chip is connected to a power source , with the power converted to high-frequency sound waves . Thin film liquid is added to the surface of the chip , and the sound waves are then used to control its flow .
The research shows that when the liquid is ultra-thin ­- at nano and sub-micro depths -- it flows away from the high-frequency sound waves .
The flow reverses at slightly thicker dimensions , moving towards the sound waves . But at a millimetre or more in depth , the flow reverses again , moving away .
Video : http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=IQ762VTxD2g & feature=youtu.be
The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world . Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism 's basic pledge : to serve society with a truthful , intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events .
By signing up you agree to receive email about events , articles , offers , and the impact of The Walrus in your community . You can unsubscribe at any time .
It was an innocent mistake—but one that brought widespread humiliation on a noted Canadian journalist and illustrated just how much our country lags behind America in terms of race coverage .
“ Code-switching ” is the act of changing the language you use , or how you express yourself in conversations , depending on the context . It 's a way to navigate different social and cultural settings . “ Coat-switching , ” however , is a gaffe that became a nationally trending hashtag last week after Toronto Star film critic Peter Howell misspelled “ code–switching ” in an article about Moonlight , a black gay coming-of-age drama .
Meanwhile , in Canada , racism is less overt—and it 's not because we 're too polite to talk about it .
Howell and the Star caught a lot of flack . On Twitter , readers surmised that if the Star 's newsroom was more diverse and covered race more frequently and with more depth , someone would 've caught the error .
I was n't at all surprised that it happened , though . In my experience , Canada 's stale coverage of diversity stems from our national reluctance to tackle race-related topics . It 's a big reason why I decided to leave home for America , the land of Fox News and hologram reporters . Granted , journalism in the country has a reputation for recklessness , but the flip side of that is innovation .
Traditional newsrooms in Canada , where I received the bulk of my on-the-ground training as a young journalist , are overwhelmingly white and male . Some of my editors in Toronto rejected story ideas that I and people like me found interesting—not out of malice , but ignorance . They simply could n't relate to my worldview as a person of colour , so coverage of minorities was limited to either multicultural celebrations or incidents of outright racism . In other words , stories stayed black and white , but seldom explored anything in between .
That was several years ago , and the industry across North America has improved since then , moving toward more nuanced reporting of communities of colour . For example , Globe and Mail journalists Denise Balkissoon and Hannah Sung launched Colour Code , a podcast on race , in September .
But that 's two years after our country 's first Black Lives Matter chapter formed to protest the police shooting death of Jermaine Carby , and 14 years after a groundbreaking investigation revealed that blacks arrested by Toronto police are treated more harshly than whites . The Globe , like many Canadian outlets , was late to the game .
On the other hand , the US was and still is ahead of the curve , as evident from its many new media outlets focused on diversity—such as my current employer , Fusion—and old media outlets carving out a space for the subject . NPR even has a race-focused news site called “ Code Switch . ”
Although Canadian media has made strides , much of our coverage still amounts to they said , they said–style stories about racial grievances , such as “ Muslim mother cites racism after they and daughter forced to leave pool , ” “ Thunder Bay police investigate officers ' alleged racist Facebook comments , ” and the occasional contrarian op-ed that dismisses movements challenging the status quo with words such as “ bullies. ” Meanwhile , American coverage is more complex : for instance , a story about one marginalized group supporting another 's protest efforts , a guide on how to react when loved ones say racist things , an analysis of the stereotypical belief that multiracial people are always attractive . The difference is that such stories humanize people of colour , showing that there 's more to our lives than just outrage or celebration .
So why do American media talk about diversity more often and better than we do ? First , they 've been doing it for far longer : The US is notorious for its history of institutionalized racism , from slavery and Jim Crow laws to the recent police killings of minorities . ( Of the 1,146 Americans killed by police last year , 47 percent were people of colour , according to The Guardian ; this includes 18 percent black people , although they only make up 13 percent of the U.S . population . ) Black Lives Matter sprang up there in 2012 , two years before it caught hold in Canada , bringing race issues to the top of most Americans ' minds .
It also comes down to numbers : The US has ten times Canada 's population—including 38 percent visible minorities to our 19 percent—so from a business perspective , there 's a bigger market for race-related stories . There 's also greater supply : Many new media outlets have emerged in America over the past decade , including BuzzFeed , Vox , Mic , and The Intercept . They must constantly innovate to stay ahead , whereas Canadian outlets do n't respond to industry changes quickly enough because there 's less competition and therefore no incentive to evolve .
Born as start-ups , new media outlets also have non-traditional workplace cultures , including flatter hierarchies . As a result , young journalists can—for better or worse—take chances on coverage without having to go through an extensive approval process . In my experience , reporters occasionally self-assign and get to work immediately , whereas limited space in a newspaper or time in a newscast means this approach is riskier at traditional media outlets .
Start-up-style workforces skew younger and more diverse , a trend that naturally lends itself to fresh ideas and greater risk-taking . From its infancy , new media has also relied on traffic analytics to determine the kinds of stories that resonate with readers—and as I 've discovered through my time working in new media , the story of Black Lives Matter is one of them .
Meanwhile , in Canada , racism is less overt—and it 's not because we 're too polite to talk about it . We 're just too uncomfortable to admit it .
Canadians tend to congratulate themselves on taking a more measured approach to news coverage , especially compared to that of Americans . But while caution is necessary when it comes to responsible reporting , it 's detrimental when applied to the industry as a whole . Racism exists in this country—look no further than the disproportionate number of Indigenous men and women in our prisons , for example—and diversity , here , is far more complicated than is traditionally portrayed . Only by talking about these issues as citizens can we start to move forward .
Canadians are n't prone to speaking their minds , but with a racist demagogue rising to political prominence south of the border , we 'd better get used to it .
First , we must accept that Canada 's demographics are changing , and that we 're no longer a nation of predominantly European backgrounds . Second , we should acknowledge that these changes may make some of us uncomfortable , but recognize that open discussion is the first step to finding solutions . Silence only perpetuates the problem .
Libraries Are The Best Counter To Piracy ... So Of Course Publishers Are Trying To Limit Them
from the that-other-foot-still-looks-perfectly-functional ! dept
Instead of heeding Tim O�Reilly�s 10 year old lesson that making content available in desirable places under terms that users accept is the most profitable path , publishing has implicitly decided to attempt to control something they have no adequate understanding of , and can never really control : computing and the internet . They�ve shot themselves in the foot .
And what I find most darkly amusing is that they weren�t content to stop there . The one place in the book distribution ecosystem where piracy is most efficiently defeated , where users have access to content for free but under carefully controlled circumstances , have been libraries . Libraries have always been the best counter to piracy . And instead of cementing a relationship with libraries that works to the benefit of all parties , publishers have steadfastly withdrawn the ability of libraries to provide free content , even when it is available for only limited borrowing periods , or only a restricted number of titles , with severe constraints on sharing and copying . Instead , they have indicated an interest in the commercialization of libraries by encouraging rental models .
Interesting blog post by Peter Brantley over at Publishers ' Weekly last week , mocking the big publishers for supporting SOPA/PIPA , despite the fact that it ( 1 ) wo n't stop much , if any , infringement , but ( 2 ) will have massive unintended consequences . The first half of the post focuses on SOPA/PIPA and uses the recent Cory Doctorow talk we wrote about to highlight how this is yet another example of old line content businesses not understanding how the technology works . So , they explain how these publishers shot themselves in the foot by not understanding the tech and basic economics : But , from there , they note that they 're actually making it even worse ... by going after libraries . This is something that we had recently written about as well . Publishers are increasingly trying to limit what libraries do . But as Brantley notes , libraries are actually a great weaponunauthorized file sharing , so trying to limit them is doubly stupid : This is all too common in the legacy entertainment business . Rather than understanding stuff , they just keep shooting themselves in the foot . Even worse ? They then blame everyone else for it , too .
Filed Under : copyright , ebooks , libraries , limitations
As Congress on Thursday approved a $ 5 billion loan that will further burden the already bankrupt U.S. territory , various solar companies and nonprofits continued working together to offer aid to the storm-ravaged island while also promoting a more sustainable future and resilient energy system .
`` In the wake of recovery , it 's critical to rebuild smarter with resilient , distributed power like rooftop solar and storage . ''
—Lynn Jurich , Sunrun
On Thursday , the nonprofit Empowered By Light and Sunrun—the nation 's largest residential solar company—partnered with local leaders to install a 4kW solar array with battery storage at the Barrio Obrero fire station in San Juan . A second system will be installed at another fire station on Friday .
More than 90 percent of the island 's power grid has not been restored since Hurricane Maria struck last month . The commonwealth 's power system was already hobbled by financial difficulties long before the hurricane devastated the island , and the federal government has been widely condemned for its slow and inadequate disaster relief efforts .
`` It appears the federal emergency response is focused on diesel to repower the island , '' said Marco Krapels , co-founder of Empowered By Light , who led the effort . `` We wanted to demonstrate with real projects—with immediate impact , that renewable energy technology is available now and it 's a much more resilient alternative to diesel . ''
`` Unfortunately , extreme weather events will continue to impact the communities where we live , '' said Lynn Jurich , co-founder and CEO of Sunrun . `` In the wake of recovery , it 's critical to rebuild smarter with resilient , distributed power like rooftop solar and storage . ''
`` I think renewable energy solutions should be integrated into any emergency relief effort , '' said actor and activist Mark Ruffalo , who is also an Empowered By Light adviser . `` Energy from the sun and wind are abundant , and can be used to power Puerto Rico . ''
Empowered by Light and Sunrun are also working with the nonprofit GivePower as well as Zero Mass Water and several individuals to provide the island 's remote communities with solar-powered water desalination systems , water production systems , and portable solar-powered units .
The Solar Energy Industries Association ( SEIA ) , a national solar industry group , has also sent aid to the island in recent days , as has Light Up Puerto Rico , a group , led by two Puerto Ricans , that formed after the hurricane .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
New Star Solar , a U.S. company , has partnered with Light Up Puerto Rico to send solar equipment to rural areas such as Aguas Buenas , Salinas , Naranjito , Aguadilla , Las Marias , and Mayaguez , CNBC reports .
`` Everything is needed down there , but we are trying to help out in a unique way , '' Brad Creer , president of New Star Solar , told CNBC .
`` We need to be talking about how we 're going to innovate , how this destruction gives us now a platform to not just rebuild , but to transform Puerto Rico . ''
—Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rosselló
Creer also said they were excited to see that solar companies were `` getting together '' and `` putting all our competition aside '' to provide relief to the island .
Billionaire tech inventor and Tesla CEO Elon Musk—known primarily for their work developing electric vehicles and spacecrafts—has also joined in conversations about overhauling the island 's energy system .
`` The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world , but there is no scalability limit , so it can be done for Puerto Rico too , '' Musk tweeted , adding that the decision to transition the island to a renewable system `` would be in the hands of '' local government .
`` Let 's talk , '' Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rosselló responded on Twitter , later posting an update that their and Musk 's `` teams are now talking ; exploring opportunities . ''
On Monday , Rosselló told MSNBC that the destruction is an opportunity to rebuild Puerto Rico smarter and `` transform '' the island .
`` We ca n't be talking about just putting back the old grid again , '' Rosselló said . `` We need to be talking about how we 're going to innovate , how this destruction gives us now a platform to not just rebuild , but to transform Puerto Rico . ''
I have used an older version if this product in the past by borrowing from a friend . They got theirs from the original Kickstarter . I got amazing results from it and decided to order one for myself .
I received the one I ordered quickly and was packaged well with no damage to any of the packaging . Unfortunately when I plugged it in , it did n't work . No lights , no sound . I understand this can happen sometimes and thanks to Amazon 's amazing customer service I returned the product for a new one and got it two days later .
The replacement worked fine , or so I thought . I prepared a set of ribeye for the fist cook and everything turned out great . When setting it up the next day , I noticed that the display flickered off for a second . Upon further inspection when the wire was moved even the slightest near the base of the device it caused the devise to flicker on and off . I did not abuse the device , and in fact stores it in the original packaging after it 's first use .
I returned the replacement for a full refund and would not recommend this product to anyone unless you can find one of the originals . It seems that since the Kickstarter company was bought by Electrolux it is no longer the product it used to be . I will be purchasing a joule .
Get the report
Federal Spending on Postsecondary Education.pdf
Get the data
Postsecondary Education - Data.xls
Interactive Chart
Summary
Table 1 : Federal Postsecondary Education Expenditure by Major Stream , 2013-14
This report analyzes federal spending on postsecondary education in Canada over the past 10 years ; and , where possible , analyzes the distributional impacts of federal programs . It also provides forward projections to 2020-21 taking into account recent Budget 2016 announcements .
In 2013-14 , total federal spending on postsecondary education reached an estimated $ 12.3 billion . This represents a decline from its peak of $ 12.8 billion in 2010-11 . Over the past ten years , the greatest growth occurred in spending that supports human capital formation and the Canada Social Transfer ( CST ) .
PBO estimates that roughly 60 per cent of postsecondary students belonged to higher-income families ( that is , the two highest after-tax or disposable income quintiles ) .
Increases in federal funding targeted towards human capital formation have primarily benefited these families . This was due to a growing share of federal support provided through the tax system and the Canada Education Savings Program , Registered Educational Savings Plans .
Figure 1 : Federal Expenditures on Postsecondary Education , by Area of Focus
Taking into account recent Budget 2016 announcements , PBO estimates total federal spending on postsecondary education will exceed $ 15.7 billion by 2020-21 . The re-allocation of education and textbook tax expenditure savings towards increases in student grants , loan repayment and student employment assistance ( announced in Budget 2016 ) will likely make postsecondary education more affordable for some Canadians . These measures will not , however , significantly change the distribution of total federal spending on postsecondary education .
Figure 2 : Expenditure Projections – Total Federal Expenditures on Postsecondary Education
With any new language comes a certain amount of uncertainty as to what is “ the right way ” to do things . Now I 'm not just talking about recursion vs iteration or object-oriented vs straight procedural . What I 'm referring to is the design idioms which govern everything from naming conventions to array deconstruction .
These idioms are highly language specific and can even differ between languages with otherwise similar lexical elements . Consider the following C++ , Java , Ruby and Scala examples :
vector < string > first_names ; first_names . push_back ( `` Daniel '' ) ; first_names . push_back ( `` Chris '' ) ; first_names . push_back ( `` Joseph '' ) ; for ( vector < string > : : iterator i = first_names . begin ( ) ; i ! = first_names . end ( ) ; ++i ) { cout < < * i < < endl ; }
Java :
String [ ] firstNames = { `` Daniel '' , `` Chris '' , `` Joseph '' } ; for ( String name : firstNames ) { System . out . println ( name ) ; }
Ruby :
first_names = [ 'Daniel ' , 'Chris ' , 'Joseph ' ] first_names . each do |name| puts name end
Scala :
val firstNames = Array ( `` Daniel '' , `` Chris '' , `` Joseph '' ) for ( name < - firstNames ) { println ( name ) }
As a matter of interest , the Scala example could also be shortened to the following :
val firstNames = Array ( `` Daniel '' , `` Chris '' , `` Joseph '' ) firstNames . foreach ( println )
All of these samples perform essentially the same task : traverse an array of strings and print each value to stdout . Of course , the C++ example is actually using a vector rather than an array due to the evil nature of C/C++ arrays , but it comes to the same thing . Passing over the differences in syntax between these four languages , what really stands out are the different ways in which the task is performed . C++ and Java are both using iterators , while Ruby and Scala are making use of higher order functions . Ruby and C++ both use lowercase variables separated by underscores , while Java and Scala share the camelCase convention .
This is a bit of a trivial example , but it does open the door to a much more interesting discussion : what are these idioms in Scala 's case ? Scala is a very new language which has yet to see truly wide-spread adoption . More than that , Scala is fundamentally different from what has come before . Certainly it draws inspiration from many languages – most notably Java , C # and Haskell – but even languages which are direct descendants can impose entirely different idioms . Just look at the differences between the Java and the C++ examples above . The practical , day-to-day implications of this become even more apparent when you consider object-oriented constructs :
// Book.h class Book { std : : string title ; Author * author ; public : Book ( string ) ; std : : string get_title ( ) ; Author * get_author ( ) ; void set_author ( Author * ) ; } ; // Book.cpp Book : : Book ( string t ) : title ( t ) , author ( 0 ) { } string Book : : get_title ( ) { return title ; } Author * Book : : get_author ( ) { return author ; } void Book : : set_author ( Author * a ) { author = a ; }
The equivalent in Java :
public class Book { private String title ; private Author author ; public Book ( String title ) { this . title = title ; } public String getTitle ( ) { return title ; } public Author getAuthor ( ) { return author ; } public void setAuthor ( Author author ) { this . author = author ; } }
And the ( much shorter ) Ruby code :
class Book attr_reader : title , : author attr_writer : author def initialize ( title ) @ title = title end end
This code uses standard , accepted idioms for class design in each of the three languages . Notice how in C++ we avoid name-clashes between method formals and data members ? This is because the compiler tends to get a little confused if we try to combine name shadowing and the initialization syntax ( the bit that follows the : in the constructor ) . This contrasts strongly with Java which by convention encourages shadowing of fields by method formals . It 's a very strong convention to do what I 've done here , using this . fieldName to disambiguate between formals and fields . Ruby stands apart from both of these languages by enforcing the use of prefix symbols on variable names to define the container . There really ca n't be any shadowing of instance variables by formals since all instance variables must be prefixed with the @ symbol .
The question here is : what conventions are applicable in Scala ? At first blush , it 's tempting to write a class which looks like this :
class Book ( val title : String ) { var author : Author = null }
Because every variable/value in Scala is actually a method , the accessor/mutator pairs are already generated for us ( similar to how it is in Ruby with attributes ) . The problem here is of course redefining an accessor or mutator . For example , we may want to perform a check in the author mutator to ensure that the new value is not null . In C++ and Java , we would just add an if statement to the correct method and leave it at that . Ruby is more interesting because of the auto-generated methods , but it 's still fairly easy to do :
class Book def author= ( author ) @ author = author unless author . nil ? end end
Scala poses a different problem . In our example above , we 've essentially created a class with two public fields , something which is sternly frowned upon in most object-oriented languages . If we had done this in Java , it would be impossible to implement the null check without changing the public interface of the class . Fortunately Scala is more flexible . Here 's a naive implementation of Book in Scala which performs the appropriate check :
class Book ( val title : String ) { private var author : Author = null def author = author def author_= ( author : Author ) { if ( author ! = null ) { this . author = author } } }
Unfortunately , there are some fairly significant issues with the above code . First off , it wo n't compile . Scala lacks separate namespaces for fields and methods , so you ca n't just give a method the same name as a field and expect it to work . This merging of namespaces actually allows a lot of interesting design and is on the whole a good thing , but it puts a serious crimp in our design . The second problem with this example is closely related to the first . Assuming the code did compile , at runtime execution would enter the author_= method , presumably pass the conditional and then execute the this.author = author statement . However , the Scala compiler will interpret this line in the following way :
this . author_ = ( author )
That 's right , infinite recursion . Usually this issue is n't apparent because the compiler error will take precedence over the runtime design flaw , but it 's still something which merits notice . Obviously , using the same names for variables as we do for methods and their formals just is n't going to work here . It may be the convention in Java , but we 'll have to devise something new for Scala .
Over the last few months , I 've read a lot of Scala written by other people . Design strategies to solve problems like these range all over the map , from totally separate names to prepending or appending characters , etc . The community just does n't seem to be able to standardize on any one “ right way ” . Personally , I favor the prepended underscore solution and would really like to see it become the convention , but that 's just me :
class Book ( val title : String ) { private var _author : Author = null // notice the leading underscore def author = _author def author_= ( author : Author ) { if ( author ! = null ) { _author = author } } }
The Scala community really needs to get together on this and other issues related to conventional design idioms . I see a lot of code that 's written in Java , but with C or C++ idioms . This sort of thing is rare nowadays , but was quite common in the early days of the language . People were n't sure what worked best in Java , so they tried to apply old techniques to the new syntax , often with disastrously unreadable results . As Scala moves into the mainstream , we have to come to some sort of consensus as to what our code should look like and what conventions apply . If we do n't , then the language will be forced to struggle through many of the same problems which plagued Java only a decade ago : new developers trying to get a handle on this foreign language , misapplying familiar constructs along the way .
Mainnet Schedule : The ICON CTO states that the “ Mainnet ” is slated to launch in December as originally planned . Currently , the “ Testnet ” is operational and the internal ICON developer team are running QA ( Quality Assurance ) tests .
ICONex Wallet : The “ ICONex Wallet ” was also demoed during the Meetup . ICONex is ICON 's official ICX Wallet . You can see a slide from ICONex in the pictures below .
Unlock Schedule : Once the ICX Token unlock list is fully verified , the tokens will be unlocked within a couple of days . Thank you for your patience . Please understand that we can not give the exact date so we can avoid scam activities .
Refund Process : For contributors who failed the KYC/AML process , your ETH will be refunded to your ETH address . Refundees have been sent a detailed refund process email . The Refund process started on Dec 12th , 2017 .
Hyperconnect the World
ICON Team
Countries
Below are the 15 countries that exported the highest dollar value worth of rice during 2017 : India : US $ 5.5 billion ( 26.3 % of total rice exports ) Thailand : $ 5.2 billion ( 24.9 % ) United States : $ 1.8 billion ( 8.5 % ) Pakistan : $ 1.7 billion ( 8.4 % ) Vietnam : $ 1.6 billion ( 7.5 % ) Italy : $ 597.5 million ( 2.9 % ) China : $ 596.8 million ( 2.9 % ) Uruguay : $ 474.3 million ( 2.3 % ) Cambodia : $ 333.1 million ( 1.6 % ) Myanmar ( Burma ) : $ 320.6 million ( 1.5 % ) Brazil : $ 244.6 million ( 1.2 % ) Belgium : $ 243.1 million ( 1.2 % ) Netherlands : $ 214.1 million ( 1 % ) Paraguay : $ 194.2 million ( 0.9 % ) Argentina : $ 179.6 million ( 0.9 % ) The listed 15 countries shipped 92 % of all rice exports in 2017 ( by value ) .
Among the above countries , the fastest-growing rice exporters since 2013 were : China ( up 43.2 % ) , Cambodia ( up 32.5 % ) , Netherlands ( up 21.8 % ) and Paraguay ( up 17.4 % ) .
Those countries that posted declines in their exported rice sales were led by : Vietnam ( down -47.0 % ) , Brazil ( down -38.9 % ) , Argentina ( down -38.3 % ) , India ( down -33.2 % ) and Myanmar ( down -25.3 % ) .
For the complete listing , see the section Searchable List of Rice Exporting Countries below .
Advantages
The following countries posted the highest positive net exports for rice during 2017 . Investopedia defines net exports as the value of a country 's total exports minus the value of its total imports . Thus , the statistics below present the surplus between the value of each country 's rice exports and its import purchases for that same commodity . India : US $ 5.5 billion ( net export surplus down -33.2 % since 2013 ) Thailand : $ 5.1 billion ( up 16.8 % ) Pakistan : $ 1.7 billion ( down -16.4 % ) Vietnam : $ 1.5 billion ( down -47.2 % ) United States : $ 1 billion ( down -24.6 % ) Uruguay : $ 471.8 million ( down -6.6 % ) Italy : $ 432.0 million ( down -19.3 % ) Cambodia : $ 329 million ( up 34.1 % ) Myanmar ( Burma ) : $ 316.8 million ( down -26.1 % ) Paraguay : $ 193.1 million ( up 17.5 % ) Argentina : $ 174.7 million ( down -39.1 % ) Guyana : $ 131.9 million ( down -44.8 % ) Spain : $ 79.9 million ( down -28.5 % ) Greece : $ 61.1 million ( up 56.9 % ) Australia : $ 31.8 million ( down -85.1 % ) India has the highest surplus in the international trade of rice . In turn , this positive cashflow confirms India 's strong competitive advantage for this specific product category .
Opportunities
The following countries posted the highest negative net exports for rice during 2017 . Investopedia defines net exports as the value of a country 's total exports minus the value of its total imports . Thus , the statistics below present the deficit between the value of each country 's rice import purchases and its exports for that same commodity . China : -US $ 1.2 billion ( net export deficit up 93.8 % since 2013 ) Benin : - $ 1.1 billion ( up 84.4 % ) Saudi Arabia : - $ 1 billion ( down -26.7 % ) Iran : - $ 853.2 million ( down -63 % ) Bangladesh : - $ 726.9 million ( up 1,788 % ) Iraq : - $ 512.1 million ( down -5.8 % ) United Kingdom : - $ 481.2 million ( down -1.7 % ) United Arab Emirates : - $ 455.6 million ( down -15.5 % ) South Africa : - $ 447.5 million ( down -24.4 % ) Côte d'Ivoire : - $ 423.4 million ( down -7.7 % ) France : - $ 419.7 million ( down -3.2 % ) Senegal : - $ 382.6 million ( down -9.9 % ) Mexico : - $ 356.2 million ( down -17.9 % ) Malaysia : - $ 342.7 million ( down -31 % ) Japan : - $ 319.3 million ( down -32.7 % ) China induced Pakistan 's highest deficit in the international trade of rice . In turn , this negative cashflow highlights China 's strong competitive disadvantage for this specific product category but also signals opportunities for rice-supplying countries that help satisfy the powerful demand .
Companies
Sometimes , there will be several versions of a movie floating about on cable , tv or video etc . Other times , a Director may release a special cut of the movie on Blu-ray or DVD .
The following versions of Caddyshack are apparently real . If you disagree or have additional info , please update us .
Thanks to Phillip Smith
When broadcast on network television ( depending on which network , but usually A & E , Comedy Central , or ABC ) , Caddyshack had 3 scenes added and 1 scene altered .
1 ) First , after Carl picks a scythe out of a tree and says `` It 's not my fault no one can understand what you 're saying '' , we see them coming down a hill driving a giant yellow lawnmower with a smiley face : ) on the front and stopping to give golfing tips to Danny and Ty . `` You see coming back here , you 've lost it , and by the time you get down here , you might as well be playing on the ladies tee if you know what I mean '' ! The end of this scene involved Ty ( Chevy Chase ) jumping on the side of the mower as Carl ( Bill Murray ) steered the mower towards the direction of a golf ball but what audiences did n't see was , as Chevy Chase describes in the Spec . Ed . DVD and VHS , `` Billy made the widest left turn ever ... I had to jump like 5 feet to miss getting mowed over by the blades '' !
2 ) The 2nd scene added follows the `` lawnmower '' scene . The caddies including Tony , Angie , and Joey D'Nunzio are walking towards the shack and a black Porsche is behind them moving as slowly as the caddies are walking . The porsche belongs to Dr. Beeper . Tony shouts `` Hey Doc ! It 's a 5 mile speed limit ! '' and then moves out of the way and pretends to slam themselves into the hood of the car and rolls on a hill making it seem like the Doctor has hit him . Dr. Beeper ( Dan Resin ) steps out of their car leaving the door open to see what happened but the caddies run off laughing . When the Doc 's back is turned `` Motormouth '' ( Hamilton Mitchell ) secretly shuts the door and when the Doc returns it 's locked . By pulling on the handle , the Doctor sets off the Porsche 's alarm system and is baffled by what has just happened .
3 ) The 3rd scene added follows Ty and Lacey 's ( Cindy Morgan ) love scene . The Noonan station wagon is seen racing down a road and we hear Danny 's mother tellign them to slow down . The station wagon stops in front of a church and Danny 's whole family gets out . Danny stays inside and their mother tells them `` It would n't hurt you to come to mass sometimes ! '' `` I went last night , they got a special mass for guys who work during the summer ! '' . Danny then goes on to explain how they have to mow Judge Smails ' lawn and then head over to the yacht club . They then zooms away in the station wagon and their mother is shown mimicking a statue in front of the church with a raised `` I 'm warning you '' finger in the air .
4 ) The altered scene comes at the end . Instead of hearing Al 's ( Rodney Dangerfield ) trademark line `` Hey everybody , we 're all gon na get laid ! `` , there 's a different shot of them saying `` Hey everybody , let 's all take a shower ! ''
Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning has become the newest face of stem cell therapy in a treatment decision that has elicited mixed opinions from top doctors in the field .
Buzz about Manning 's decision to fly to Europe to take advantage of an FDA-unapproved stem cell treatment for their neck exploded this weekend with a report on Fox 's NFL pre-game show by Jay Glazer .
The bulging disk in Manning 's neck has thus far defied three surgical repair attempts and months of physical therapy , and the 35-year-old QB is expected to be out of the game for two to three months , and possibly more . Manning has already missed their team 's first two games .
They have not kept their disappointment at their slow recovery a secret .
“ To say I am disappointed in not being able to play is an understatement , ” Manning said in a statement released by their team earlier this month . “ I simply am not healthy enough to play , and I am doing everything I can to get my health back . ”
According to a report in the New York Daily News , the alleged stem cell treatment did not work , resulting in the team subsequently deeming the surgery “ uneventful . ”
Dr. Ruth Macklin , professor of bioethics at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York City , called Manning 's reported action “ an act of desperation .
“ We live in an era where physicians are encouraged to practice ‘ evidence-based ' medicine , ” they told ABCNews.com in an email . “ However , a sports superstar has the money and ability to travel anywhere in the world to receive an experimental procedure that is not based on any evidence that it works for their condition . ”
Indeed , Dr. Lawrence Goldstein , director of the University of California-San Diego Stem Cell Program , said they were unaware of any stem cell approach that is proven to help “ any sort of spinal issue .
“ There are many proposed therapies that are being tested in clinical trials , and there are more to come , ” Goldstein said in an email . “ But in the absence of reliable evidence , it is impossible to know whether the ‘ treatment ' will make Manning better or worse or merely financially poorer . ”
Goldstein also expressed concern about the message Manning might be sending to the general public with regard to unproven treatments if the report is true .
“ When a highly visible celebrity athlete chooses to undergo an untested/unproven therapy , and if they happen to get better without knowing whether the therapy is what caused the improvement , they encourage many other people to ignore scientific evidence and to substitute hope and blind trust for proof , ” they said . “ The downside is that many people might be hurt by subjecting themselves to a risky procedure , or procedure with unknown risks , when there is no evidence of benefit to be gained . ”
Macklin added that Manning could have made a more socially responsible choice by instead seeking out and enrolling in a clinical trial using this or another intervention .
“ Although Manning is not engaged in an action that is clearly unethical , it sets a bad example , ” they said . ” It would , indeed , be a bad thing if injured pro athletes were to fly all over the world looking for cures when the procedure in question is unproven . It would not advance science . And there are plenty of quacks out there . ”
WASHINGTON , DC - MARCH 28 : U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R-MN ) ( L ) speaks during a Tea Party rally in front of the U.S. Supreme Court March 28 , 2012 in Washington , DC . Today is the last of three day the high court set to hear arguments over the oral arguments on the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . ( Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images ) Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
Votes won in all 2008 Democratic caucuses and primaries by former Sen. Mike Gravel : 40,263
Votes won in all 2012 Republican caucuses and primaries by Rep. Michele Bachmann : 29,072
Today 's lesson : Bachmann understands the media much better than Gravel does . They wound down their primary campaign , took their quasi-viral fame , and ran for the Libertarian Party 's nomination . They played games with their endorsement for months – issuing a press release knocking down “ rumors ” about it , when those rumors had barely grown past the larval stage – and is now endorsing them onstage in Portsmouth , Virginia .
Is there any endorser that Romney wo n't share a stage with ? Bachmann is a relevant , incumbent figure in the current House majority , but after the Donald Trump endorsement , and after Christine O'Donnell got a prime place at their only Delaware rally…
Image caption A protest has been held at the council
Aberdeenshire councillors have objected to Aberdeen Football Club 's plans for a new stadium .
The stadium and training facilities would be built at Kingsford , close to the Aberdeen bypass , near Westhill .
The ultimate decision is for Aberdeen City Council in the summer .
However , Aberdeenshire 's infrastructure services committee - of which the authority is a consultee - narrowly voted to object to the application after hearing a debate on the issue .
The vote was tied at seven apiece and the committee chairperson cast the deciding vote .
Image copyright Aberdeen FC Image caption The club believes a new stadium is vital
George Yule , executive vice chairperson of Aberdeen FC , said : `` What we have got to do is ensure any valid concerns are addressed .
`` I heard several times that we think it 's the right thing to do for Aberdeen , but not in our back yard . As a region , that 's unacceptable . ''
Mike Forbes , from the group Westhill For Kingsford , told the committee the stadium would have undoubted benefits for local business , and be inspirational for children .
However John Simpson , from No Kingsford Stadium , accused the club of riding roughshod over planning policy .
Campaigners against the stadium had staged a protest at the council 's headquarters ahead of the meeting .
Their concerns have included traffic and parking issues .
The club believes the new stadium is vital if it is to achieve a sustainable future .
October , 2015 , cast a shadow over Canada 's Conservatives . Their support declined nationally . They held their ground in many rural areas ; elsewhere , they retreated .
The party did especially poorly in urban Canada , except for one place : Quebec City , where the Conservatives advanced . That advance was credited not just to the attention that Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's government had lavished on the city and its surroundings , but to one candidate with broad political shoulders , Gérard Deltell .
Mr. Deltell , 51 , had been a well-known television journalist and then a prominent member of Quebec 's centre-right third parties : the Action démocratique du Québec , which gave way to the Coalition Avenir Québec . They were touted as a `` star '' Conservative candidate , and they delivered .
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Deltell did n't just win last October ; they crushed their Liberal and NDP opponents , capturing 50 per cent of the vote in the Quebec City riding of Louis-Saint-Laurent . Their presence helped the Conservatives take five seats in the region .
Very quickly in Ottawa , their Conservative colleagues took notice of this newcomer . He 's good in Question Period , having honed their debating skills in the Quebec National Assembly and having spent two decades on television . They often stand beside interim leader Rona Ambrose to explain the party 's message in French . Their English is very good , although accented , sort of like Jean Chrétien 's without the raspy tone .
Mr. Deltell jumped into federal politics from centre-right parties in Quebec , but , unlike most new Tory candidates , they actually had a long connection to the party 's forerunners . They joined the Progressive Conservative Party in 1981 at the age of 17 , supported Joe Clark and considers Brian Mulroney a friend and a role model .
When they announced their Conservative candidacy , Mr. Deltell told reporters : `` I 'm a bleu , a real bleu , an old bleu , '' using the French description for a conservative . `` I 'm coming home and I 'm very happy . '' A shelf of books in French and English is filled with books about Canadian national politics over the past three decades .
They tick off a number of Conservative/conservative boxes . He 's quite pro-military . Their father ( a pied-noir from Algeria who emigrated to Canada in 1958 ) fought in the Second World War . Mr. Deltell grew up near the Valcartier military base .
He 's a conservative on fiscal issues , preferring a reduced role for the state and , where possible , balanced budgets . In addition to Mr. Mulroney , they admire former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher and former U.S. president Ronald Reagan . He 's a very strong federalist , while also being a defender of Quebec 's jurisdictions . Although critical of Mr. Harper 's style , especially their relations with the news media , Mr. Deltell admires the former leader 's economic record and strongly defended it during the election campaign .
Mr. Deltell hails from a city with many public servants , but he 's no friend of public-sector unions , which are especially strong in Quebec . They are convinced that , despite Quebec 's reputation for leaning left politically , almost a third of the population is actually fiscally conservative .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Where does Mr. Deltell go from here ? They brush aside ideas of the party leadership , although they acknowledge that at least some caucus colleagues have floated the possibility that they might grasp for the brass ring .
They are n't well known outside Quebec , obviously . And raising money for a leadership campaign , perhaps $ 5-million , will be a challenge for all candidates . Their English , while quite acceptable , would need polishing . They would have to master a host of issues .
The obstacles confronting them as a potential leadership candidate would be formidable . Their support for another leadership candidate from outside Quebec would be extremely useful to that candidate . Should that person win , Mr. Deltell could become the proverbial Quebec lieutenant .
French speakers say : `` La politique nous réserve des surprises . '' Take a look at the talked-about Conservative candidates . They are not world-beaters , to say the least .
Jason Kenney has the strongest potential machine of social conservatives , right-wingers on the economy , old Reform Party advocates and a Rolodex of ethnic supporters from their time as the party 's point man for multicultural groups . It 's highly doubtful , however , that he , another Albertan , could win the country .
The party might be ready for a Quebecker with no ties to the controversial Harper government , bilingual , new but with political experience , someone who ticks many Conservative/conservative boxes . A Deltell candidacy at this point would seem unlikely , but qui sait ?
Related Headlines Aimee Copeland lends encouragement to Gwinnett ...
- An Atlanta woman , who nearly died from flesh-eating bacteria after falling from a zipline in 2012 , had to deal with yet another obstacle after thieves stole their accessible van and wheelchair .
Doctors were forced to amputate 26-year-old Aimee Copeland 's left leg , right foot and both of their hands as a result of the accident . They suffered a deep cut when they fell and then contracted necrotizing fasciitis .
According to Facebook , the van that Steve Rayman donated to Copeland on The Katie Show following the accident was stolen , along with their titanium wheelchair which was in the trunk .
The official page for Copeland said the van was taken from a street in Atlanta Saturday night .
Police recovered the 2012 Honda Odyssey van on Locklwood Drive at an abandoned elementary school with the wheelchair still in the trunk .
`` I am so relieved very relieved to have Sylvia . which is what I call my car . back , '' said Copeland. `` I mean the gift of having that independence of transportation . ''
Copeland said she 's grateful the thieves did n't do any major damage and left the wheelchair behind .
Copeland now works as an advocate for people with disabilities . They were finishing their master 's degree in transpersonal psychology at the University of West Georgia when they fell .
Learn more about Aimee Copeland here .
On Sunday night , Donald Trump has the opportunity to put Hillary Clinton 's corruption and incompetence front and center . They need to win the debate clearly and openly , and the only way to do it is to destroy Hillary publicly . Fortunately , five pieces of news fell into their lap on the Friday before Trump 's Last Chance .
1 . Coordination With The White House On The Email Scandal . According to the Wall Street Journal , “ Newly disclosed emails show top Obama administration officials were in close contact with Hillary Clinton 's nascent presidential campaign in early 2015 about the potential fallout from revelations that the former secretary of state used a private email server. ” That coordination included communications between the White House and State Department asking Secretary of State John Kerry not to talk about the emails . The State Department also told Hillary 's lawyers that the State Department had n't told Congress Hillary did anything wrong . Anybody who thinks that there was n't such coordination between the White House and the Department of Justice and FBI has to be smoking something .
2 . FBI Notes Show Hillary Destroyed Documents . The FBI 's report contains notes from a 2015 interview with an unnamed Office of Information Programs and Services ( IPS ) employee . According to the notes , Hillary 's people told the IPS that they had 14 boxes of emails to turn over , but when they showed up to pick them up from their lawyers , only 12 boxes were present . Emails from 2009 went absent . And according to The Hill , “ The witness also accused senior State Department official Patrick Kennedy of pressuring subordinates to change classified email codes in the interview transcripts. ” In other words , the State Department tried to convince the FBI to label documents less classified in order to protect Hillary .
3 . Russia Wants To Open Bases in Vietnam and Cuba . Remember when Hillary Clinton said they be the best to deal with Vladimir Putin ? Putin 's now looking to expand their sphere of influence into two Cold War era American enemies . According to Russian Deputy Defence Minister Nikolai Pankov , Russia is “ rethinking ” whether to reopen the bases . Hillary 's State Department paved the way for this dangerous expansion of the Russian umbrella .
4 . Aleppo Collapses . The continued carnage in Aleppo continues , at least partially thanks to John Kerry 's unwillingness to stop the Russians from bombarding the city . Aerial bombing of the city by the Syrians and Russians has killed at least 376 people . Kerry threatened to stop speaking with the Russians over their bombing , but resumed communications with them almost immediately . Next time Hillary mentions their expertise at State , Trump needs to hit them with Aleppo repeatedly .
5 . Terrible Jobs Numbers . On Friday , the Labor Department released yet another weak jobs report from the Obama administration – 156,000 jobs added . Payroll growth was revised lower by 7,000 jobs . The unemployment rate edged up from 4.9 percent . Underemployment remained high at 9.7 percent . Trump ought to smack Hillary for Obama 's supposedly massive recovery , the same way Pence did .
Trump has the material to hit Hillary . Will they do it ?
We 'll find out Sunday night .
Police in Marseille have seized guns and bomb-making materials after arresting two men suspected of planning an “ imminent and violent attack ” days before the first round of France 's presidential election .
The French interior minister , Matthias Fekl , said the two , who were detained at different addresses in the southern port city , were French nationals aged 24 and 30 .
“ These two radicalised men … intended to commit in the very short-term – by that I mean in the coming days – an attack on French soil , ” Fekl told journalists . They said a definite attack had been foiled but gave no details of its target .
The Paris prosecutor , François Molins , said an Islamic State ( Isis ) flag and jihadist propaganda had been found the home of one suspect . They said the second suspect had links to a Belgian cell . The two men met in 2015 , while sharing a prison cell for petty crime , Molins said .
Le Figaro newspaper quoted a source in the campaign team of the right wing candidate François Fillon as saying the tip-off leading to the arrests had come from the UK , which had “ intercepted data on two individuals known to the intelligence services ” .
Photos of the men were given last week to the security teams of two of the election 's leading contenders , the far-right leader Marine Le Pen and independent centrist Emmanuel Macron , their campaigns said .
“ The photos were passed to my security service from Thursday , ” Le Pen , who is scheduled to hold the last big rally of their campaign in Marseille this week – told Agence France-Presse . A Macron aide also confirmed their team had seen the pictures .
A spokesperson for Fillon , who is nipping at Le Pen and Macron 's heels in a contest that has become too close to call , said their campaign had been informed of a possible security risk on Friday . The paper also said police had recovered a video of the men swearing allegiance to Isis .
The suspects , Mahiedine Merabet and Clement Baur , were both detained under arrest warrants for terrorist criminal association , according to a police document obtained by the Associated Press . The French president , François Hollande , hailed the “ remarkable ” arrests .
Fekl said more than 50,000 police , gendarmes and soldiers would be deployed across the country for both days of the election , whose first round this Sunday will be followed by a runoff between the two top candidates on 7 May .
“ Everything has been put in place to ensure the security of this big event for our democracy and our republic , ” they said . “ Security forces are mobilised everywhere across France to ensure the security of French people . ”
Clement B and Mahiedine M , the two men arrested in Marseille . Photograph : Police handout/AFP/Getty
With France still in a state of emergency after Islamist terrorist attacks since January 2015 that have killed more than 230 people , national security has been a major theme of the presidential campaign .
Recent polls show Le Pen and Macron on 22 % and 24 % of the vote , leading Fillon and the hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon by only by three or four points . With as many as one-third of voters still undecided , any two could go through to the runoff .
Le Pen told RTL radio on Tuesday they would expel foreign extremists and call up army reservists to close France 's borders if they won . “ We can not fight the terrorism that weighs on our country without controlling our borders , ” they said .
Macron said the arrests were a reminder the terrorist threat remained very high , but added : “ Terrorism ... is a challenge that calls on us more than anything else to come together , because the terrorists wish nothing more than our division . ”
Doubling down on a promise on Monday to suspend all immigration , Le Pen also told RTL they would impose a moratorium for several weeks “ to assess the situation . The reality is that immigration is massive in our country . ”
They added that a Le Pen presidency would aim to limit annual immigration to 10,000 , and would freeze long-term visas for two weeks to ensure recipients were not taking jobs from French citizens .
Fillon told Europe 1 radio on Tuesday the Front National leader 's plan was absurd . They said while immigration numbers should come down , the key was to preserve French values and identity .
“ Immigration must be regulated because we have an economic , social and housing situation that does n't enable us to welcome as many people who want to come here , ” Fillon said . “ But a moratorium makes no sense . ”
Polls have shown voters more concerned about unemployment and living standards than terrorism or security , though analysts warn this could change in the event of further attacks .
Several polls modelling possible second-round permutations have suggested Macron would win the runoff round whoever they are up against , while Le Pen would lose . Mélenchon would defeat every candidate except Macron , and Fillon would lose to all except Le Pen .
The Linux kernel and the distributions that package it typically provide very conservative defaults to certain network settings that affect networking parameters . These settings can be tuned via the /proc filesystem or using the sysctl program . The latter is often better , as it reads the contents of /etc/sysctl.conf , which allows you to keep settings across reboots .
The following is a snippet from /etc/sysctl.conf that may improve network performance :
net.ipv4.tcp_window_scaling = 1
net.ipv4.tcp_syncookies = 1
net.core.rmem_max = 16777216
net.core.wmem_max = 16777216
net.ipv4.tcp_rmem = 4096 87380 16777216
net.ipv4.tcp_wmem = 4096 65536 16777216
The above is n't to replace what may already exist in /etc/sysctl.conf , but rather to supplement it . The first command enables TCP window scaling , which allows clients to download data at a higher rate by enabling extra bits in TCP packets that are used to increase the window size .
The second command enables TCP SYN cookies , which is often enabled by default and is extremely effective in preventing conditions such as SYN floods that can drain the server of resources used to process incoming connections .
The last four options increase the TCP send and receive buffers , which allow an application to move its data out faster so as to serve other requests . This also improves the client 's ability to send data to the server when it gets busy .
By adding these commands to the /etc/sysctl.conf file , you ensure they take effect on every reboot . To enable them immediately without a reboot , use :
# sysctl -p /etc/sysctl.conf
To see all of the currently configured sysctl options , use :
# sysctl -a
This will list all of the configuration keys and their current values . The sysctl.conf file allows you to configure and save new defaults ; what you see from this output are the defaults defined in the kernel that are currently effective . To see the value of one particular item , use :
# sysctl -q net.ipv4.tcp_window_scaling
Likewise , to set the value of one item without configuring it in sysctl.conf — and understanding that it wo n't be retained across reboots , use :
# sysctl -w net.ipv4.tcp_window_scaling=1
This can be useful for testing the effectiveness of certain settings without committing them to being defaults .
Arianna 's World : With Them 'Brown Bag ' Lunches and Plans for a 'Beat the Press ' Show , Mike Huffington 's Wife Crusades in Washington for GOP Causes
Immersed in a flurry of activity , Arianna Huffington is putting the finishing touches on a dinner scheduled for Tuesday , featuring House Speaker Newt Gingrich .
Welcome to Arianna 's world , a constellation of right-wing thinkers and politicians accented with New Age activists , a sprinkling of reconstituted liberals and some who refuse to be classified at all .
While former member of congress Huffington cultivates a low profile in the labyrinthine social world of Washington , their wife is visibly riding on the Republican tsunami that swept over the nation 's capital in November .
WASHINGTON — Mike Huffington may have spent $ 27.5 million of their own money in their failed bid for the U.S. Senate , but that did not prevent them and their wife , Arianna Stassinopoulos Huffington , from returning to Washington .
They hope the dinner will raise about $ 600,000 to benefit the nonprofit National Empowerment Television , the broadcaster of Gingrich 's weekly lecture , `` Progress Report , '' and sponsor of their `` Renewing American Civilization . '' NET also once ran Arianna Huffington 's now-discontinued program , `` Critical Mass . ''
Price per couple for a dinner with the speaker : $ 50,000 .
Huffington has also signed on as a senior fellow with the Progress and Freedom Foundation , a think tank closely allied to Gingrich , and they are busy developing a television program called `` Beat the Press , '' featuring themselves as a self-styled investigative media critic .
The show would use video clips and commentary to chronicle their discoveries of press blunders and inaccuracies . Guests who have been made `` victims '' by media harpies will drop by to tell their side of the story , they said .
First media victim guest : Fellow Republican and political soul mate Newt Gingrich .
Huffington takes offense at a New Yorker article likening Gingrich 's speech-making style to that of the Ayatollah Khomeini , and they intend to set the record straight . For `` Beat the Press '' they have edited a video segment of the Ayatollah sermonizing about `` streets filled with blood '' and combined it with tape of Gingrich talking about welfare .
`` Satire is a great way to show bias , '' they said .
As part of their critique of the American media , they plan to feature a segment of good news . `` What the media missed this week , '' they said . `` It 's so much more important than some little law that 's passed . ''
Although they have completed much of the pilot , there are no takers for the program yet , but they have an eye on selling the idea to network television or for syndication .
There is also a new book project , Huffington 's fifth in 20 years .
This one recounts the Republican revolution with frequent asides about their husband 's recent defeat .
`` It 's about three revolutions , really , '' they explained . `` There 's the political revolution that launched the Republican landslide , the cultural revolution without which the political revolution can not succeed , and the personal revolution in how we see the purpose of our lives . ''
And Arianna Huffington 's purpose these days -- her public-personal purpose -- is to fill the public welfare void that will be left if the Republican majority in Congress succeeds in dismantling the welfare system .
`` If you believe , as we believe , that the safety net government provides is full of holes and torn and does n't really work anymore , then there has got to be something to take its place , '' they said .
And that is what their monthly lunches in a Georgetown condominium overlooking the Potomac River -- contributed by the Seagram 's Corp. -- are all about , they said .
Kid Rock made waves by supporting Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election , but that does n't mean they always toe the party line . In an new interview with Rolling Stone , the rocker says one point in particular had them foaming at the mouth .
As previously reported , Kid Rock is planning a tour and trying to keep ticket prices at $ 20 . They have n't been completely successful , however , because of ticketing fees and states that have outlawed paperless ticketing . Guess who is to blame :
`` That 's one of the times I 'm f -- king embarrassed to be a Republican , '' Rock said . `` It 's f -- king Republican lawmakers passing those laws , you dumbasses . They already did it in New York and they 're trying to do it in Michigan . I 've even called some of those guys to try and stop it . ''
But the musician 's rage was n't only directed at Republican legislators . `` They 're taking a f -- king five-dollar service charge , '' they said of concert retailer Ticketmaster . `` It 's 25 percent of the f -- king ticket ! That 's f -- ked up , but I 've beaten them up as much as I can . Then Walmart stepped in and agreed to charge just $ 20 , and it includes parking . ''
He 's also putting up tickets on sites like StubHub in an effort to combat scalping . Rock , who said that all musicians `` have huge f -- king egos , '' cited overpriced ticketing on tours by artists like The Rolling Stones as a big problem for the music industry : `` The Rolling Stones are charging $ 650 per ticket ! That just makes me speechless . I love the Stones , but I wo n't be attending . ''
Rock and Sean Penn made a somewhat curious PSA during the election . A plea for bi-partisan cooperation and friendship , the video featured liberal Penn and conservative Rock hurling slurs at each other before eventually coming together .
Widely mocked in the music community for coming out as a Romney supporter , Rock now says he 's more of a Libertarian and `` is n't in bed with anybody . '' Not that he 's one to hold a grudge : When the singer ran into Obama at a post-election event , they told the president that there were `` no hard feelings . '' C'est la vie , in other words .
Believe it or not , Microsoft has joined The Linux Foundation as a Platinum member .
No , this is n't The Onion and it 's not April Fool 's Day . Microsoft has joined The Linux Foundation .
Microsoft announced that it was joining forces with The Linux Foundation at the Microsoft Connect developer event in New York .
read this ​Microsoft 's love affair with Linux deepens After testing the waters for years , Microsoft has launched its first service , Azure Cloud Switch , that 's based on Linux . Read More
Yes , yes I know . Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer once said , `` Linux is a cancer '' . Yes , Microsoft still forces Android vendors to pay for its bogus Linux patents . And , yes , Microsoft and its cronies are still scheming to replace Munich 's Linux desktops with Windows 10 . So ?
Microsoft has also been steadily increasing its engagement not just with Linux , but with open-source projects and communities . For example , in the last 12 months , Microsoft released the open source .NET Core 1.0 ; partnered with Canonical to bring Ubuntu to Windows 10 ; worked with FreeBSD to release an image for its Azure cloud ; and after acquiring Xamarin , Microsoft open-sourced its software development kit . On top of that , Microsoft now partners with Red Hat and SUSE to bring Linux to Azure .
Heck , Ballmer even recently said they loved Microsoft 's porting of SQL Server to Linux .
So did someone put some LSD in current Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella 's tea ? No .
Microsoft has changed . Today 's Microsoft supports Debian GNU/Linux on Azure and has its own Linux certification . 2016 's Microsoft offers the open-source Hadoop big data software on Ubuntu and its CEO proclaims that Microsoft loves Linux . Microsoft even has its own specialized Linux distribution : Azure Cloud Switch .
Why has Microsoft done all this ? Because , in two words : `` Linux won '' .
It 's only on the desktop that Microsoft is still omnipresent . Windows is n't even the most popular end-user operating system . That honor goes to Android .
Everywhere else -- clouds , supercomputers , and servers -- it 's a Linux world . Microsoft could have tried to fight it and hemorrhage red-ink , or they could embrace it and profit . They chose to make money .
Do n't believe me ? Look at Azure . In Microsoft 's last quarter , Azure revenue was up 116 percent , with compute usage doubling . What do people run on Azure ? More and more they run Linux . One in three server instances on Azure are Linux . I 'm counting the days until there 's more Linux than Windows Server running on Azure . I wo n't have that many to count .
Scott Guthrie , Microsoft 's executive VP of Cloud and Enterprise Group , knows what I 'm talking about . In a statement , they said : `` As a cloud platform company we aim to help developers achieve more using the platforms and languages they know . The Linux Foundation is home not only to Linux , but many of the community 's most innovative open-source projects . We are excited to join The Linux Foundation and partner with the community to help developers capitalize on the shift to intelligent cloud and mobile experiences . ''
This is n't Microsoft 's first move in working with the industry 's leading Linux group . Microsoft already contributes to several Linux Foundation projects , including the Node.js Foundation , OpenDaylight , Open Container Initiative , R Consortium , and Open API Initiative .
I asked Jim Zemlin , the Linux Foundation 's executive director , if they were surprised that Microsoft had made the jump to joining the Foundation . They replied :
`` Our philosophy is that open source should be a big tent where anyone can contribute . There was a time where proprietary versus open source was a winner-take-all proposition , but that 's in the past . Open source is now a major force in software development , and the industry realizes you can make yourself better , while also making others better at the same time . Microsoft has been embracing open source increasingly for the better part of a decade , including contributing to and supporting many Linux Foundation projects , so their decision to take the next step and become a Linux Foundation member did n't come as a surprise to us . Microsoft has grown and matured in its use of and contributions to open-source technology . The company has become an enthusiastic supporter of Linux and of open source and a very active member of many important projects . Membership is an important step for Microsoft , but also for the open-source community at large , which stands to benefit from the company 's expanding range of contributions . ''
Related Stories :
I did n't know Pumpkin Pie Pop Tarts existed before I thought them up and went running to my kitchen .
Turns out they do exist… and they existed all over my kitchen counter before they stopped existing because I ate them all .
Ok. Not true . I did n't eat them aalllll . I shared… but I really did n't want to .
Kinda cool , right ! ? Are you gon na make these or what ?
Just so we 're clear , what we 're dealing with here is two squares ( ok .. yea .. rectangles ) of buttery dough , stuffed with spiced pumpkin pie filling .
Pumpkin pie used to be on the list of things that I hated… along with the first day of school , boys , eggplant and spiders .
It would seem that pumpkin pie has grown on me .
… I 've also developed a fondness for boys .
But the first day of school , eggplant and spiders call all just suck an egg .
Is that an expression ?
I found this little gentleman on my front porch while I was baking up these pop tarts .
Want .
I busted out the ruler for this recipe , but I still ended up with slightly wonky tarts . Precision is n't my deal .
Luckily butter and flour still taste good , even when they 're crooked .
My Great Aunt Mary stopped by for a visit while I was baking . She 's approximately 74 times more awesome than you and me . She 's traveled all over the world . Literally . Everywhere . They like bus tours . They love margaritas and cookies . They can sew like a stone cold maniac… . and they wear teal trousers .
Man… she 's so cool .
Of course I gave them one of these tarts to take home . It was the right thing to do .
Are you totally obsessed with pumpkin ? Yea… me too :
Blizzard ( Originally Posted by Blue Tracker / Official Forums )
This week 's update does n't bring any major additions to the PTR , but does have a few changes worth calling out .
We 're enabling the Kirin Tor Tavern Crawl for some additional testing . While it 's not exactly new to 7.2.5 , we 'd still appreciate any testing we can get , as we want to be sure we 've ironed out all the bugs . There should be an NPC in Dalaran who can direct you to the right place .
We 'll also be turning on Black Temple Timewalking again . As you 've probably surmised , last week 's test had to be cancelled at the last minute , so this time we 're just going to open it up for testing on Friday and leave it open all weekend . We 've done some difficulty tuning since the last time it was available , so please give it a look and let us know how it goes !
The Chromie scenario will not be available for testing this week ; as we 've been playing through it ourselves , we 've been finding opportunities to add some additional polish and shine in a few areas , and want to have all of that in place before opening it up for feedback . We really like the direction it 's headed , though , and hope you will too once we 've got it ready for PTR in the next week or so .
There 's another round of class changes in this build , including some fairly significant changes to Vengeance Demon Hunter meant to help clean up the rotation a little bit ( particularly in regards to Soul Fragments ) . Not all of these changes will be immediately apparent from reading tooltips , so we 'd love to hear your thoughts after spending some time with them in-game .
You 'll also see a few changes to set bonuses in this build . We 're continuing to make tuning adjustments to Tier 20 set bonuses , and a few of those will be in this build . You may also see a number of changes to Tier 19 ( Nighthold ) set bonuses . This is to ensure that the Tier 20 pieces are a reasonable upgrade over Tier 19 , without having to make the Tier 20 bonuses blatantly overpowered . Please keep in mind when testing these changes that we 're still working on overall class balance for 7.2.5 .
Thanks , and happy testing !
HuffPo writer says Mia Love has White Privilege – Calls Tim Scott “ Tom Scott ”
You just knew this was coming .
Far left Huffington Post writer claims conservative Republican Mia Love has “ white privilege ” and never had to deal with real discrimination .
Professor Darron T. Smith , who has a Ph.D in education , also called Republican Senator Tim Scott – “ Tom Scott . ”
Smith assumes Love has not had to deal with the everyday challenges of typical black Americans ( because she 's conservative ) .
They might look black , but their politics are red . This is one way white privilege is reproduced at the legislative level of government . In fact , Mia , along with other notable black conservatives such as Allen West , Michael Steele , Amy Holmes , Alan Keyes and Tom Scott , subscribe to a party that rejects any notion of systemic racism as a central cause of black suffering within its basic tenets of individualism .
Of course , the professor never asked Mia Love about their life before they attacked them Mia certainly faced challenges being a black woman in a mixed marriage to a Mormon in Utah . But they overcame obstacles to become the first female Republican US Representative . Mia was able to overcome what life had to throw at them Obviously , Unfortunately , Professor Smith would rather blame others for their problems – like a true Democrat .
Image courtesy of The Victoria and Albert Museum
On any given weekend , in any part of the state where I live , you can find yourself standing in a hall full of knives , if that 's the kind of thing you like to do . It is a very niche kind of experience . Not so in some other weapons expos—like the Arms and Armor galleries at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , where everyone , from the most warlike to the staunchest of pacifists , stands in awe at the intricate ornamentation and incredibly deft craftsmanship on display in the suits of armor , lances , shields , and lots and lots of knives .
We must acknowledge in such a space that the worlds of art and of killing for fame and profit were never very far apart during Europe 's late Medieval and Renaissance periods . Yet we encounter many similar artisanal instruments from the time , just as finely tuned , but made for far less belligerent purposes .
As Maya Corry of the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge—an institution with its own impressive arms and armor collection—comments in the video above ( at 2:30 ) , one unusual kind of 16th century knife meant for the table , not the battlefield , offers `` insight into that harmonious , audible aspect of family devotions , ” prayer and song .
From the collection of the Fitzwilliam Museum , in Cambridge . ( Johan Oosterman )
These knives , which have musical scores engraved in their blades , brought a table together in singing their prayers , and may have been used to carve the lamb or beef in their “ striking balance of decorative and utilitarian function. ” At least historians think such “ notation knives , ” which date from the early 1500s , were used at banquets . “ The sharp , wide steel would have been ideal for cutting and serving meat , ” writes Eliza Grace Martin at the WQXR blog , “ and the accentuated tip would have made for a perfect skewer. ” But as Kristen Kalber , curator at the Victoria and Albert Museum , which houses the knives at the top of the post , tells us “ diners in very grand feasts did n't cut their own meat. ” It 's unlikely they would have sung from the bloody knives held by their servants .
The knives ' true purpose “ remains a mystery , ” Martin remarks , like many “ rituals of the Renaissance table. ” Victoria and Albert Museum curator Kirstin Kennedy admits in the video above that “ we are not entirely sure ” what the “ splendid knife ” they hold was used for . But we do know that each knife had a different piece of music on each side , and that a set of them together contained different harmony parts in order to turn a roomful of diners into a chorus . One set of blades had the grace on one side , with the inscription , “ the blessing of the table . May the three-in-one bless that which we are about to eat. ” The other side holds the benediction , to be sung after the dinner : “ The saying of grace . We give thanks to you God for your generosity . ”
Common enough verbiage for any household in Renaissance Europe , but when sung , at least by a chorus from the Royal College of Music , who recreated the music and made the recordings here , the prayers are superbly graceful . Above , hear one version of the Grace and Benediction from the Victoria and Albert Museum knives ; below , hear a second version . You can hear a captivating set of choral prayers from the Fitzwilliam Museum knives at WQXR 's site , recorded for the Fitzwilliam 's “ Madonnas & Miracles ” exhibit . We are as unlikely now to encounter singing kitchen knives as we are to run into a horse and rider bearing 100 pounds of finely-wrought wearable steel sculpture . Such strange artifacts seem to speak of a strange people who valued beauty whether carving up the main course or cutting down their enemies .
via WQXR/ @ tedgioia
Related Content :
An Ancient Philosophical Song Reconstructed and Played for the First Time in 1,000 Years
See The Guidonian Hand , the Medieval System for Reading Music , Get Brought Back to Life
Hear the Earliest Known Piece of Polyphonic Music : This Composition , Dating Back to 900 AD , Changed Western Music
Josh Jones is a writer and musician based in Durham , NC . Follow them at @ jdmagness
