According to CNN , the FBI is increasing its efforts in a probe of FIFA corruption charges .
On the heels of US lawyer Michael Garcia shredding FIFA over “ erroneous representations ” in its partial release of the report on the 2018/2022 World Cup bid , this report shows increasing pressure on the international governing body to come clean .
The organization has repeatedly stated there has been no wrongdoing regarding either Russia 's successful bid for the 2018 World Cup – the next one on the schedule – as well as the 2022 World Cup in Qatar .
[ RELATED : Garcia calls FIFA report “ erroneous ” ]
According to the CNN report , the FBI is being aided by a “ former top FIFA official ” who is cooperating with the bureau by providing documents , recordings of meetings , and other materials relevent to the investigation . A name formerly brought up was Chuck Blazer , a former executive committee member from 1996-2013 , while also serving as VP of the US Soccer Federation and General Secretary of CONCACAF . The New York Daily News reported that Blazer was an FBI informant and spied on their FIFA colleagues .
The FBI has been conducting a three-year long investigation , which would place the beginning of the probe around late 2011 , which overlaps Blazer 's time at FIFA .
[ RELATED : FIFA report clears 2018 , 2022 World Cup bids and refuses to reopen bidding ]
Earlier this morning , Garcia hit out at FIFA for its conflict of interest . The organization released a small portion of the report , which was conducted by Garcia but then written by FIFA ethics committee chairperson Hans-Joachim Eckert , which represents a clear conflict of interest . The report , as released by FIFA today , cleared themselves of any wrongdoing in the 2018 and 2022 bids but attacked the English bid for its relationship with allegedly corrupt official Jack Warner .
Obviously the FBI investigation may well take a while longer , but if they find damning evidence , and especially if they receive help from organizations other countries such as Scotland Yard , their eventual charges would be wide-reaching .
Follow @ the_bonnfire
Share
Update 7.6.2015 by Caleb Denison : LG has dropped the UPP for the 65EG9600 to $ 7,000 since this article was published . The article has been updated to note the new price
Each year for the past 10 years , a group of highly-regarded TV reviewers , top ISF-certified calibrators , enthusiastic videophiles , and an interested public have converged at Value Electronics in Scarsdale , NY to pit the industry 's best TVs against each other and pick a winner . That 's not exactly what happened this time around . Robert Zohn , Founder and President at Value Electronics , moved the event up on the calendar and out of their store to coincide with CE Week in Manhattan . Held in a private room at the Altman Building , the event was considerably larger , with higher attendance and , therefore , a bigger pool of voters . The verdict ? LG 's EG9600 4K UHD OLED took the crown , hands down .
The LG OLED had some tough competition this year , namely the Samsung JS9500 SUHD TV , and Sony 's X940C . In fact , Zohn told Digital Trends that it was effectively a tie for second place . “ All of the TVs performed exceptionally as these are the flagship models from LG , Panasonic , Samsung and Sony , ” said Zohn . “ LG 's 65EG9600 OLED won in 5 of the 7 categories . Samsung and Sony scored so very close it would be only fair to say they tie for 2nd place . ”
Apparently , while some folks did n't like the curved screen on the Samsung , for example , others were opposed to the Sony 's large side-mounted speakers . In the end , however , all agreed both LCD-based televisions were outstanding — just not outstanding enough to take the trophy .
What put the OLED over the top this year was the same thing that cinched the top prize for last year 's LG 55-inch 1080p OLED : perfect blacks . The OLED is unique in its ability to pull off this trick while still offering outstanding brightness , resulting in tremendous contrast — an aspect most experts agree is the most critical factor in picture quality .
Experts noted a few flaws with the LG OLED , and wound up honing in on one issue in particular : slightly dimmed edges on the far left and right sides of the panel . In fact , some reviewers dug in deep to expose the issue and make it clearly visible to onlookers . One presenter used a notoriously difficult scene from a Harry Potter film to make the dimmed edges more apparent .
But the general audience 's vote was n't swayed . If the slightly dimmed edges were visible to them during casual viewing at all , it was n't enough to influence their decision . The LG EG9600 OLED took lead honors , with its excellent off-axis performance , vibrant color , and excellent webOS 2.0 user interface all helping to dazzle onlookers . And the pros agreed : “ I was happy to see the pro voting results closely matched the general attendees , ” Zohn said .
Of course , the shootout does little to take price into consideration , so the notion of value does n't play a role . If it did , it 's possible that voters might have been swayed a different direction . Presently , the 65-inch version of LG 's EG9600 OLED goes for $ 7,000 . A comparably sized Samsung JS9500 SUHD comes in at $ 5,000 , and the Sony X940C , which is only available in a 75-inch version , runs $ 8,000 .
And for good measure , here 's our side-by-side comparison of these two flagship televisions :
Available at : Amazon Best Buy
Scientists have been losing their upper hand in the antibiotic arms race against infectious disease for years . But a group of researchers at McMaster University claim they 've discovered a new fighter against drug resistance in a surprising source .
An existing anti-fungal drug — pentamidine — commonly used to treat pneumonia and HIV is believed to offer a solution against these superbugs , when taken in combination with antibiotics .
`` What we 're talking about now is a molecule that 's already a drug that can make a number of antibiotics , that are formerly not useful for the treatment of gram-negative bacteria , capable of treating this class of organisms , '' said Eric Brown , lead researcher on the trial and a professor of biochemistry and biomedical science at McMaster 's Mchael G. DeGroote School of Medicine .
Misuse impacts resistance , WHO says
Antibiotic resistance happens when bacteria change and become able to withstand the antibiotics used to treat the infections they cause .
Overuse and misuse of antibiotics increase the development of resistant bacteria , the World Health Organization says .
Targeting antibiotic resistant bacteria
Gram-negative bacteria are found in infectious diseases like E. coli , which are becoming increasingly resistant to antibiotics . ( Chris Bickel/Science Translational Medicine )
A cluster of bacteria , called gram-negative bacteria developed an ingenious system to protect themselves against any molecule that might kill them .
They have two cellular walls , making it harder for drugs to penetrate the double exterior membranes , and are equipped with pumps and other tools to reject drug molecules , Brown explained .
This drug-resistant bacteria block out all antibiotics , including last resort drugs .
'This is an existing drug '
Four years ago , Brown took an alternative approach , by focusing on dismantling these bacteria 's most challenging aspect .
`` Our strategy was to target that outer membrane and find ways to disrupt it , '' they told CBC News .
'What we 're talking about now is a molecule that 's already a drug that can make a number of antibiotics , that are formerly not useful for the treatment of gram-negative bacteria , capable of treating this class of organisms . ' - Eric Brown , microbiologist
Modern technology enabled these researchers to screen more than 500,000 compounds from nearly 2,000 off-patent drugs , giving them the tools to uncover the pentamidine compound and test its effectiveness when combined with antibiotics in mice .
`` It 's pretty interesting to me that this is an existing drug , '' Brown said .
`` Most of the stuff that goes on in my lab is pretty far from the clinic , in terms of the discoveries we make and the kind of science that we do . But the fact that a known drug can do this so effectively I think is pretty exciting in terms of the prospect to move this more quickly into the clinic . ''
The shortcomings of pentamidine
But Brown explained this is n't a catch-all solution .
Research uncovered that the pentamidine cocktail was only effective in Acinetobacter baumannii and enterobacteriaceae bacteria .
It did n't have the same success in Pseudomonas aeruginosa because `` the outer membrane is somehow subtly different . ''
`` The composition of these membranes is n't identical and we think that might be at the root of the differences that we saw , '' they added .
Pentamidine also has some `` shortcomings with long-term use . ''
`` There are some known toxicities for pentamidine , '' they stated .
These side-effects include liver and kidney damage , which are typically seen in patients who take the drug for three weeks or more .
Brown says they hope to address this in future research .
`` We wonder if we can come up with a better pentamidine , with subtle changes to the structure of that compound , '' they said .
UPDATE 2018-07-26 : That 's it ! We are now approaching the point where this kind of game will be solvable ! Using OpenAI and based on the game DotA 2 , a team could make an AI that can beat semi-professional gamers in a 5v5 game . If you know DotA 2 , you know this game is quite similar to Diablo-like games in terms of mechanics , but one could argue that it is even more complicated because of the team play .
As expected , this was achieved thanks to the latest advances in reinforcement learning with deep learning , and using open game frameworks like OpenAI which eases the development of an AI since you get a neat API and also because you can accelerate the game ( the AI played the equivalent of 180 years of gameplay against itself everyday ! ) .
On the 5th of August 2018 ( in 10 days ! ) , it is planned to pit this AI against top DotA 2 gamers . If this works out , expect a big revolution , maybe not as mediatized as the solving of the Go game , but it will nonetheless be a huge milestone for games AI !
UPDATE 2017-01 : The field is moving very fast since AlphaGo 's success , and there are new frameworks to facilitate the development of machine learning algorithms on games almost every month . Here is a list of the latest ones I 've found :
OpenAI 's Universe : a platform to play virtually any game using machine learning . The API is in Python , and it runs the games behind a VNC remote desktop environment , so it can capture the images of any game ! You can probably use Universe to play Diablo II through a machine learning algorithm !
. The API is in Python , and it runs the games behind a VNC remote desktop environment , so it can capture the images of any game ! You can probably use Universe to play Diablo II through a machine learning algorithm ! OpenAI 's Gym : Similar to Universe but targeting reinforcement learning algorithms specifically ( so it 's kind of a generalization of the framework used by AlphaGo but to a lot more games ) . There is a course on Udemy covering the application of machine learning to games like breakout or Doom using OpenAI Gym .
TorchCraft : a bridge between Torch ( machine learning framework ) and StarCraft : Brood War .
pyGTA5 : a project to build self-driving cars in GTA5 using only screen captures ( with lots of videos online ) .
Very exciting times !
IMPORTANT UPDATE ( 2016-06 ) : As noted by OP , this problem of training artificial networks to play games using only visual inputs is now being tackled by several serious institutions , with quite promising results , such as DeepMind Deep-Qlearning-Network ( DQN ) .
And now , if you want to get to take on the next level challenge , you can use one of the various AI vision game development platforms such as ViZDoom , a highly optimized platform ( 7000 fps ) to train networks to play Doom using only visual inputs :
ViZDoom allows developing AI bots that play Doom using only the visual information ( the screen buffer ) . It is primarily intended for research in machine visual learning , and deep reinforcement learning , in particular . ViZDoom is based on ZDoom to provide the game mechanics .
And the results are quite amazing , see the videos on their webpage and the nice tutorial ( in Python ) here !
There is also a similar project for Quake 3 Arena , called Quagents , which also provides easy API access to underlying game data , but you can scrap it and just use screenshots and the API only to control your agent .
Why is such a platform useful if we only use screenshots ? Even if you do n't access underlying game data , such a platform provide :
high performance implementation of games ( you can generate more data/plays/learning generations with less time so that your learning algorithms can converge faster ! ) .
implementation of games ( you can generate more data/plays/learning generations with less time so that your learning algorithms can converge faster ! ) . a simple and responsive API to control your agents ( ie , if you try to use human inputs to control a game , some of your commands may be lost , so you 'd also deal with unreliability of your outputs ... ) .
to control your agents ( ie , if you try to use human inputs to control a game , some of your commands may be lost , so you 'd also deal with unreliability of your outputs ... ) . easy setup of custom scenarios .
. customizable rendering ( can be useful to `` simplify '' the images you get to ease processing )
( can be useful to `` simplify '' the images you get to ease processing ) synchronized ( `` turn-by-turn '' ) play ( so you do n't need your algorithm to work in realtime at first , that 's a huge complexity reduction ) .
( so you do n't need your algorithm to work in realtime at first , that 's a huge complexity reduction ) . additional convenience features such as crossplatform compatibility , retrocompatibility ( you do n't risk your bot not working with the game anymore when there is a new game update ) , etc .
To summarize , the great thing about these platforms is that they alleviate much of the previous technical issues you had to deal with ( how to manipulate game inputs , how to setup scenarios , etc . ) so that you just have to deal with the learning algorithm itself .
So now , get to work and make us the best AI visual bot ever ; )
Old post describing the technical issues of developping an AI relying only on visual inputs :
Contrary to some of my colleagues above , I do not think this problem is intractable . But it surely is a hella hard one !
The first problem as pointed out above is that of the representation of the state of the game : you ca n't represent the full state with just a single image , you need to maintain some kind of memorization ( health but also objects equipped and items available to use , quests and goals , etc. ) . To fetch such informations you have two ways : either by directly accessing the game data , which is the most reliable and easy ; or either you can create an abstract representation of these informations by implementing some simple procedures ( open inventory , take a screenshot , extract the data ) . Of course , extracting data from a screenshot will either have you to put in some supervised procedure ( that you define completely ) or unsupervised ( via a machine learning algorithm , but then it 'll scale up a lot the complexity ... ) . For unsupervised machine learning , you will need to use a quite recent kind of algorithms called structural learning algorithms ( which learn the structure of data rather than how to classify them or predict a value ) . One such algorithm is the Recursive Neural Network ( not to confuse with Recurrent Neural Network ) by Richard Socher : http : //techtalks.tv/talks/54422/
Then , another problem is that even when you have fetched all the data you need , the game is only partially observable . Thus you need to inject an abstract model of the world and feed it with processed information from the game , for example the location of your avatar , but also the location of quest items , goals and enemies outside the screen . You may maybe look into Mixture Particle Filters by Vermaak 2003 for this .
Also , you need to have an autonomous agent , with goals dynamically generated . A well-known architecture you can try is BDI agent , but you will probably have to tweak it for this architecture to work in your practical case . As an alternative , there is also the Recursive Petri Net , which you can probably combine with all kinds of variations of the petri nets to achieve what you want since it is a very well studied and flexible framework , with great formalization and proofs procedures .
And at last , even if you do all the above , you will need to find a way to emulate the game in accelerated speed ( using a video may be nice , but the problem is that your algorithm will only spectate without control , and being able to try for itself is very important for learning ) . Indeed , it is well-known that current state-of-the-art algorithm takes a lot more time to learn the same thing a human can learn ( even more so with reinforcement learning ) , thus if you ca n't speed up the process ( ie , if you ca n't speed up the game time ) , your algorithm wo n't even converge in a single lifetime ...
To conclude , what you want to achieve here is at the limit ( and maybe a bit beyond ) of current state-of-the-art algorithms . I think it may be possible , but even if it is , you are going to spend a hella lot of time , because this is not a theoretical problem but a practical problem you are approaching here , and thus you need to implement and combine a lot of different AI approaches in order to solve it .
Several decades of research with a whole team working on it would , may not suffice , so if you are alone and working on it in part-time ( as you probably have a job for a living ) you may spend a whole lifetime without reaching anywhere near a working solution .
So my most important advice here would be that you lower down your expectations , and try to reduce the complexity of your problem by using all the information you can , and avoid as much as possible relying on screenshots ( ie , try to hook directly into the game , look for DLL injection ) , and simplify some problems by implementing supervised procedures , do not let your algorithm learn everything ( ie , drop image processing for now as much as possible and rely on internal game informations , later on if your algorithm works well , you can replace some parts of your AI program with image processing , thus gruadually attaining your full goal , for example if you can get something to work quite well , you can try to complexify your problem and replace supervised procedures and memory game data by unsupervised machine learning algorithms on screenshots ) .
Good luck , and if it works , make sure to publish an article , you can surely get renowned for solving such a hard practical problem !
More charges could be coming for an officer who allegedly drove while impaired and fled after hitting a pedestrian , Winnipeg police Chief Danny Smyth told the city 's civilian police board Friday .
The results of a breathalyzer have not yet been analyzed and could yield the additional criminal charge of driving with a blood alcohol concentration over .08 , which is 80 milligrams of alcohol for every 100 millilitres of blood , they said .
Winnipeg police chief Danny Smyth does n't want the charges against one of their officers to reflect poorly on the rest of the police force . 1:53
`` They were n't able to do that at the time , is my understanding , so we could see a charge like that being laid down the road , '' Smyth told reporters after facing the police board at city hall for the first time since charges were laid against the officer .
Off-duty Const . Justin Holz was charged with impaired driving causing death and failure to remain at the scene , after they allegedly struck and killed pedestrian Cody Severight on Main Street Tuesday evening and left the scene .
The province 's Independent Investigation Unit , which looks into all serious incidents involving police officers in Manitoba , is leading an investigation into the incident .
Smyth told the board that 34-year-old constable Justin Holz could face more charges once the investigation is complete . ( Jeff Stapleton/CBC )
Smyth used their time at Friday morning 's police board meeting to acknowledge the charges . They said further disciplinary action could be taken once the investigation is complete and may come even before the case goes to court .
They also offered their condolences to the Severight family .
The police chief said future disciplinary action could include dismissal of the officer .
`` I have some options available to me depending on the circumstances , '' Smyth told reporters following the board meeting .
They said every case is dealt with on its own merits and can only be assessed once the investigation is complete .
Holz is currently on administrative leave with pay while the investigation is underway .
`` My options would be to continue a member on administrative leave , at the one end of the scale , or I could recommend for a dismissal , '' said Smyth .
Holz has been released from custody on a promise to appear in court on Nov. 22 .
Democrat Dan Helmer , a candidate for Virginia 's 10th congressional district , released a campaign ad Monday entitled “ Helmer Zone ” that is being ripped across the board by journalists as one of the “ worst ever ” political ads .
The ad became popular throughout Twitter after Mic reporter Emily Singer flagged it as potentially being “ the worst ” she 's ever seen .
It features candidate Helmer , wearing a shirt with “ veteran ” on it , and spotting current 10th District Rep. Barbara Comstock ( R. , Va. ) at a bar . The scene is inspired by the classic 1986 Top Gun bar scene and is chalk full of Goose/Maverick references , from The Righteous Brothers 's “ You 've Lost That Loving Feeling ” to “ danger zone . ”
“ Bet you ca n't get them to hold a town hall , ” a woman tells Helmer .
“ Town hall ? I 'll do you one better than that . We 've lost that loving feeling , ” Helmer replies .
“ No , Dan , ” the woman pleads .
Helmer then sings , karaoke style , about Comstock 's lack of town hall meetings , and their opposition to Obamacare and Planned Parenthood , all complete with intentionally bad singing .
CLICK TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON FREE BEACON .
There is a lot to talk about in the days and weeks ahead . For starters , authorities -- not just in Missouri but around the nation -- are going to need to explain the obscene ( and obscenely expensive ) over-militarization of American police departments , weaponry now aimed at the communities that these officers had sworn to protect and serve . Americans should not have to turn on their TV sets to see news that looks like it 's coming from ISIS-held territory in Iraq or Kandahar , until we see the McDonald 's arches in the background and realize that we are just 15 minutes from Busch Stadium . And there will need to be a massive conversation about community policing -- especially in Ferguson , a majority of black community where 94 percent of officers are white -- but also anywhere where cops are seeing as suppressing communities instead of protecting them . And there must -- and one can not emphasize this enough -- be real justice and accountability for the murder of Mike Brown .
For the past several weeks , I 've been immersed in the pages of Alan Moore 's magnum opus Jerusalem . I 'm still shy of the halfway mark in the mammoth 1,250 page tome , but so far as I can tell from what I 've read , the overarching theme of the book seems to be an exploration of the four-dimensional topology of divine providence . On New Year 's Eve , a few hours before midnight , when I ought to have been at a bar downtown , I was instead in Moore 's fictional realm of Mansoul – though , to be fair , it 's neither Moore 's nor fictional . Mansoul was a name first given by Bunyan in their lesser known allegorical work The Holy War Made by King Shaddai Upon Diabolus , to Regain the Metropolis of the World , Or , The Losing and Taking Again of the Town of Mansoul . As to its fictitiousness , it aligns with Moore 's actual theology as expressed in interviews and encoded throughout their writings , particularly Promethea .
Moore 's own version of Mansoul , or the Second Borough as they also call it , corresponds closely with the sephirot of Yesod in the Hermetic Qabalah , which served as the setting of Promethea # 14 . Mansoul is the habitation of the dead and dreaming , made of memories and evanescent imagery . Likewise , dead shades and fictional characters and men 's memories mingle with one another all in Yesod , a realm of imagination , sexual fantasy , and unconsciousness , whether that be due to death or dreaming . This Second Borough occupies a position just “ Upstairs ” of the First Borough , which is itself the material world with which we 're most familiar . Yesod is the Ninth Sphere , located directly above the Tenth Sphere of Malkuth , also associated with the material plane and waking life , though it is the second sphere on Promethea 's path ( or any pilgrim 's ) into higher consciousness . Above Mansoul , in what is presumable the Third Borough , of which the characters have caught only far off glimpses , is a realm of mathematics made manifest , of platonic forms contorted into hypercubic cumuli composed of twisted-up tesseracts . Above Yesod is the eighth sphere of Hod , associated with math and language , those things which give shape and structure and form to ideas . Jerusalem and Promethea seem to share the same roadmap of reality .
Realizing this connection , I decided to take a break from the former to quickly reread Promethea # 14 , to parse out potentially more parallels between Mansoul and Yesod . But in seeing the covers to the series on the screen of my iPad , I was instantly reminded that issue # 11 took place on New Year 's Eve of 1999 , and it struck me as appropriate to begin there instead . Reading on through issue # 12 – inarguably the greatest comic in the history of the medium , and unlikely ever to be topped – I came across a prophecy which Moore had made , but which in all my many times reading through had never struck me as significant till then . Indeed , I had forgotten it was there at all . To be clear , as a work of metafiction , the prophecy in question was not in reference to the fictional world of Promethea , but to the “ real ” world of the reader ( Moore would point out that fictions are no less real , one of the overarching themes of Promethea ) .
Moore predicted that , due to Moore 's Law ( different men named Moore , though the former would deny mere coincidence ) , the end of the world as we know it would occur by the end of 2017 . Strictly speaking , Moore 's Law merely refers to the doubling in density of transistors per integrated circuit at around a pace of eighteen to thirty-six months . But since Gordon Moore first applied such to circuitry , others have observed similar trends of exponential growth across technological fields and even in the sum total of human knowledge , referred to as accelerated change . Futurist such as Ray Kurzweil use the argument from accelerated change to extrapolate a technological singularity – the point past which no predictions can be made , as the paradigm of human intelligence is finally overtaken by either artificial or augmented superintelligence . Alan Moore 's own interpretation is less focused on the technological means of processing information and more so on sum total of such and our access to it , resulting in a vision of the future closer to Teilhard and Tipler 's Omega Point .
The text of the prophecy , found on the penultimate page of the issue , is as follows :
Apocalypse , as “ world 's end ” seen , Need only Revelation mean . Our world of ideas , set alight , By information , fierce and bright . Man 's knowledge doubles , it appears , Just less than every couple years . Man 's last two years more breakthroughs see Than all your previous history . It 's said , by twenty-seventeen This doubling 's each half-second seen . Here information 's flashpoint looms . Its blaze reveals , as it consumes . Men judge themselves in this new light . One worldview 's crashed , the next takes flight . One aeon 's burned by this knowledge-flash , New consciousness born from its ash… . ”
To this Promethea asks , “ Then the world ends by 2017 ? What happens next ? ” In reply , she 's told :
Mankind moves from the earthly plane To moon 's imaginary domain . ( Already work and play take place , Increasingly , in virtual space ) . Man 's path through matter 's warfields , led To this dream-realm that waits ahead . Where we may lift our gaze and see , O'er head the soul 's infinity . Rejoice ! This is the promised time Of earth 's ascent to realms sublime . Imagination 's endless dance Is humankind 's jeweled inheritance . ”
The reference here to an ascent from an earthly plane to a lunar one should be read in the light of what Moore elsewhere says about the earthly sphere of Malkuth/the First Borough and the lunar sphere of Yesod/the Second Borough . Essentially , their claim is such that even as materialism as a worldview has declined in the waning years of the twentieth century and on through the early days of the new millennium , a parallel development has seen both an increase in new means of accessing information and an exponential growth in the sum total of that information , with the result of these developments being an impending imaginative and spiritual revolution for humankind .
That their magnum opus should drop right on the eve of this prophesied revolution suggests to me that , even if they do not regard such as self-fulfilling , they themselves nevertheless intends to for it to be fulfilled through their actions instead of in spite of them . After first reading Promethea , and once again in reading Jerusalem , my own thinking has become closely aligned to Moore 's , to the point that they and Morrison are among the few men I 'd consider coreligionists . I strongly differ from Moore only in regards to my deism ( versus their pantheism ) , and disagree with them only on the fluidity ( versus the fixity ) of gender . In most other matters , I 've been persuaded by the explanatory power and architectonic structure of the metanarrative they propose , or else found preexisting agreement with him .
Not that I imagine I 'd be the only individual such a renowned voice would influence . While Promethea is woefully obscure in comparison to other works of theirs such as Watchmen or Miracleman , Jerusalem is already assured its place as the first literary work of the Twenty-first century to be one day soon included in the Western Canon . This is an enduring epic of the same skill and scale as Dante 's Divine Comedy and Milton 's Paradise Lost , and will like them be studied in schools and critiqued by critics for as long as language endures . Thus , even as the mode of men 's consciousness is changed , according to their prediction , the content of their beliefs will likewise be profoundly influence by the cultural and individual impact this work is sure to produce – slowly at first , but accumulating over time , not merely as more individuals begin to engage and agree with Moore , but even as each individual comes to agree more with Moore through rereading these new sacred texts and exegeting new insights each time .
As an example , the twin snakes spiraled around the caduceus who give Promethea the prophecy are named Mike and Mack . Though I 'd read this issue over a dozen times , it was only on New Year 's Eve that I 'd realized that this was in reference to the principle of Microcosm and Macrocosm , which postulates that both the human soul and the heavens and earth share the same structure as one another , simply on different scales , otherwise stated “ As above , so below ” ( which , more than any Christian adage , is the most repeated phrase across the writings of C.S . Lewis ) . Indeed , it is not merely the grand totality of existence and the individual man which shares the structure of the Tree of Life , but such is an omnipresent pattern , a fractal repeating endlessly in infinitely larger and smaller scales .
As I was interrupted from meditating on this matter by a seemingly unrelated crisis , I called a close friend to consult with them as to a proper course of action , and once that business had been settled they began to tell me that he 'd been ringing in the New Year by reading Blake , trying to find where specifically in Blake 's writings that he 'd gotten the impression that poet was conceiving of fractal patterns when he 'd used the word “ infinity. ” It 's then that I shared my own insights from that evening , and even as I did recognize that in reading so much regarding the patterns of providence , I 'd begun to see the world more readily through that lens , not accepting as mere chance or coincidence that I 'd rediscover Moore 's musing on 2017 mere moments before that auspicious year rang in , nor that a friend and I should have exactly the same insight at exactly the same moment despite the distance which separated us .
I can not exhort you enough to read both Promethea and Jerusalem . They are powerfully profound works which will prove both mind-changing and , indeed , life-changing .
Advertisements
Creation Compendium Rules , Regulations and FAQ:1 ) All entries must be submitted to the hosting member 's profile NOT via PM . ( See the previous CC to determine who is next on the rota . ) 2 ) All entries must be Terraria related in some way or another , whether that is ingame , art , music literature or any other form of creativity.3 ) Each user may only submit one entry per month . Group entries are allowed , but all members who worked on the project must be credited and proof of consent from each member must be given . Group entries do count as a user 's single entry.3 ) Plagiarism is strictly not tolerated . Any evidence of such matters should be sent to a member of staff privately as soon as possible . The CC operates on a 'two strikes and you 're out ' system ; after two offenses a user will be permanently banned from entering into all future Creation Compendiums.4 ) The CC is a showcase , not a contest . All entries submitted ( that are within the rules ) will make it into the post.If you have any more questions , feel free to ask @ darthmorf @ QuackersDelta or any other member of staff .
The 76th Academy Awards ceremony , presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) , honored the best films of 2003 and took place on February 29 , 2004 , at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , Los Angeles beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. EST . During the ceremony , AMPAS presented Academy Awards ( commonly referred to as Oscars ) in 24 categories . The ceremony , televised in the United States by ABC , was produced by Joe Roth and was directed by Louis J. Horvitz . Actor Billy Crystal hosted for the eighth time . They first presided over the 62nd ceremony held in 1990 and had last hosted the 72nd ceremony held in 2000 . [ 6 ] Two weeks earlier in a ceremony at The Ritz-Carlton Huntington Hotel & Spa in Pasadena , California held on February 14 , the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Jennifer Garner . [ 7 ]
The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King won all eleven awards it was nominated for , tying the Academy Awards record for most awards won ( alongside Ben-Hur and Titanic ) , including Best Director for Peter Jackson and Best Picture . [ 8 ] Other winners included Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World and Mystic River with two awards and The Barbarian Invasions , Chernobyl Heart , Cold Mountain , Finding Nemo , The Fog of War : Eleven Lessons from the Life of Robert S. McNamara , Harvie Krumpet , Lost in Translation , Monster and Two Soldiers with one . The telecast garnered nearly 44 million viewers in North America the United States , making it the most-watched telecast in four years .
Winners and nominees [ edit ]
The nominees for the 76th Academy Awards were announced on January 27 , 2004 , at 5:38 a.m. PST ( 13:38 UTC ) at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills , California , by Frank Pierson , president of the Academy , and the actor Sigourney Weaver . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King received the most nominations with eleven ; Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World came in second with ten .
The winners were announced during the awards ceremony on February 29 , 2004 . With eleven awards , The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King tied with Ben-Hur and Titanic as the most awarded films in Oscar history . [ 11 ] Moreover , its clean sweep of its eleven nominations surpassed Gigi and The Last Emperor 's nine awards for the largest sweep for a single film in Oscar history . [ 12 ] The film was also the tenth film to win Best Picture without any acting nominations . [ 13 ] Best Director nominee Sofia Coppola became the first American woman and third woman overall to be nominated in that category . [ 14 ] By virtue of their father , Francis Ford Coppola and their grandfather , Carmine 's previous wins , their victory in the Original Screenplay category made them the second third-generation Oscar winner in history . [ 15 ] At age thirteen , Best Actress nominee Keisha Castle-Hughes became the youngest nominee in that category until being surpassed by Quvenzhané Wallis , who was nine at the time of their nomination , in 2013 . [ 16 ] With Sean Penn and Tim Robbins 's respective wins in the Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor categories , Mystic River became the fourth film to win both male acting awards . [ 17 ]
Awards [ edit ]
Winners are listed first , highlighted in boldface , and indicated with a double dagger ( ) . [ 18 ]
Academy Honorary Award [ edit ]
Blake Edwards — In recognition of their writing , directing and producing an extraordinary body of work for the screen . [ 19 ]
Films with multiple nominations and awards [ edit ]
Presenters and performers [ edit ]
The following individuals presented awards or performed individual numbers . [ 4 ] [ 20 ]
Presenters ( in order of appearance ) [ edit ]
Performers ( in order of appearance ) [ edit ]
Ceremony information [ edit ]
In light of the record low viewership from the preceding year 's ceremony , the Academy sought to make several changes and hire a new producer for the upcoming show . AMPAS announced that unlike previous years where the ceremony typically was held in either late March or early April , the festivities would be held in late February . [ 24 ] AMPAS director of communications John Pavlik explained that the purpose of moving the telecast a month earlier was `` to bolster the ceremony 's sagging television ratings and protect the Oscar 's status as the nation 's pre-eminent awards event . `` [ 25 ] Despite several Academy officials denying such reasons , some industry insiders speculated that the earlier Oscar date was also implemented to mitigate the intense campaigning and lobbying during Oscar season put forth by film studios . [ 26 ] This marked the first time since the 14th ceremony that the awards were held outside the asupervisorstioned time frame . [ 27 ]
In August 2003 , the Academy hired film producer Joe Roth to oversee production of the ceremony . The following month , Roth recruited veteran Oscar host Billy Crystal to emcee the awards gala for the eighth time . [ 28 ] To stir interest surrounding the awards , Roth produced three trailers promoting the ceremony that each was set to different pop tunes ( Madonna 's `` Hollywood '' , OutKast 's `` Hey Ya ! `` , and Pink 's `` Get the Party Started '' ) . The trailers contained clips of previous ceremonies with slogans such as `` Expected the unexpected '' and `` It 's Oscar night '' occasionally flashing between scenes . [ 29 ] These promotional spots were shown at movie theaters , on several cable channels , and at participating Blockbuster stores . [ 30 ] The Academy also granted talk show host Oprah Winfrey unprecedented access to rehearsals and meetings as part of a month-long series on their eponymous talk show covering behind the scenes preparation of the telecast . [ 30 ]
Billy Crystal 's opening monologue poked fun at the change ( or rather the lack thereof ) between the time they had hosted the ceremony in 1991 , and the current one : `` Things were so different then . You know how different it was ? Bush was president , the economy was tanking and we 'd just finished a war with Iraq . '' Crystal 's pre-recorded collage started off with them camming ( poking fun at film piracy ) in a movie theater , then opening up their ticket envelope to find the One Ring which they put on which magically transported them to the silver screen , and one of that year 's film characters that they parodied was Gollum . Crystal also sang themes to each of the nominees . For Mystic River it was Ol ' Man River from Show Boat . For Lost in Translation it was Maria from West Side Story , with director Sofia Coppola 's name replacing the title . For The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King , it was My Favorite Things from The Sound of Music , and Crystal jokingly apologized to Julie Andrews before the song . For Seabiscuit it was Goldfinger . And finally for Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World it was Come Fly with Me .
MPAA bans on screeners [ edit ]
In September 2003 , the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) initially banned distribution of screeners to awards groups , citing fears of piracy . [ 31 ] Many independent film studios and prominent film directors objected to this decision charging that this would hurt smaller films for Oscar consideration since they heavily rely on screeners to lure Academy members ' attention . [ 31 ] The following month , AMPAS and the MPAA reached an agreement in which Academy members would receive the screeners on the condition that they keep them out of reach from people unaffiliated with AMPAS . [ 32 ] In December 2003 , a federal judge in New York overturned the ban citing that it violated federal antitrust laws . [ 33 ] [ 34 ]
Box office performance of nominated films [ edit ]
At the time of the nominations announcement on January 27 , the combined gross of the five Best Picture nominees was $ 638 million with an average of $ 127 million per film . [ 35 ] The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King was the highest earner among the Best Picture nominees with $ 338.3 million in domestic box office receipts . [ 35 ] The film was followed by Seabiscuit ( $ 120.2 million ) , Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World ( $ 85.3 million ) , Mystic River ( $ 59.1 million ) , and finally Lost in Translation ( $ 34.8 million ) . [ 35 ]
Of the top 50 grossing movies of the year , 45 nominations went to 10 films on the list . Only Finding Nemo ( 1st ) , The Lord of the Rings : Return of the King ( 2nd ) , Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl ( 3rd ) , Seabiscuit ( 16th ) , Something 's Got ta Give ( 21st ) , The Last Samurai ( 23rd ) , Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World ( 31st ) , Brother Bear ( 32nd ) Cold Mountain ( 37th ) , and Mystic River ( 46th ) were nominated for Best Picture , Best Animated Feature , or any of the directing , acting , or screenwriting . [ 36 ]
Tape delay implementation [ edit ]
In light of the controversy surrounding the halftime show during Super Bowl XXXVIII , network ABC implemented a five-second tape delay to ensure that profanity and obscenity were not seen or heard . [ 37 ] AMPAS president Frank Pierson protested this decision in a written statement , stating , `` Even a very brief tape-delay introduces a form of censorship into the broadcast—not direct governmental control , but it means that a network representative is in effect guessing at what a government might tolerate , which can be even worse . `` [ 38 ] In response , producer Joe Roth reiterated that censorship would only be applied to profanity and not political speeches . [ 39 ]
Critical reviews [ edit ]
The show received a mixed reception from media publications . Chicago Tribune television critic Steve Johnson lamented that the show `` felt almost numbingly familiar and disappointingly genteel . '' They also criticized broadcaster ABC 's decision to implement the five-second tape delay . [ 40 ] Tom Shales of The Washington Post quipped that the ceremony `` was about as entertaining as watching Jell-O congeal . '' They also added that the lack of surprises among the awards contributed to the dull atmosphere of the telecast . [ 41 ] Columnist Tim Goodman of San Francisco Chronicle bemoaned , `` The 76th annual Academy Awards dragged on without much drama or comedy , sucking the life out of the event even while it was doing justice to the masterpiece that is The Lord of the Rings . `` [ 42 ]
Other media outlets received the broadcast more positively . Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly praised Crystal 's hosting performance saying that they `` has located the perfect middle ground between Steve Martin 's adroit silliness and Whoopi Goldberg 's unapologetic hamminess . '' On the show itself , they said that it `` managed to do what Hollywood may not have : convince us that this was a great year for the movies . `` [ 43 ] Film critic Andrew Sarris of The New York Observer wrote that the show was `` the funniest and least tedious in memory . '' They also extolled producer Joe Roth by concluding , `` As far as this old critic 's concerned , Mr. Roth , you did a fine job . `` [ 44 ] USA Today critic Robert Bianco commented that despite the lack of suspense due to the Lord of the Rings sweep of the awards `` Crystal was able to lace funny bits throughout the evening . '' They further lauded the show as `` more glamorous and upbeat than last year 's war-muted event , and decently paced . `` [ 45 ]
Ratings and reception [ edit ]
The American telecast on ABC drew in an average of 43.56 million people over its length , which was a 26 % increase from the previous year 's ceremony . [ 46 ] An estimated 73.89 million total viewers watched all or part of the awards . The show also earned higher Nielsen ratings compared to the previous ceremony with 26.68 % of households watching over a 41.84 share . [ 47 ] In addition , it garnered a higher 18–49 demo rating with a 15.48 rating over a 38.79 share among viewers in that demographic . [ 47 ] It was the highest viewership for an Academy Award telecast since the 72nd ceremony held in 2000 . [ 48 ]
In July 2004 , the ceremony presentation received nine nominations at the 56th Primetime Emmys . [ 49 ] Two months later , the ceremony won one of those nominations for Louis J. Horvitz 's direction of the telecast . [ 50 ] [ 51 ]
In Memoriam [ edit ]
The annual In Memoriam tribute was presented by Academy President Frank Pierson . The montage featured an excerpt of `` The Love of the Princess '' from The Thief of Bagdad , composed by Miklós Rózsa ( Ben-Hur , Spellbound , Quo Vadis , King of Kings , El Cid ) . [ 52 ]
A separate tribute to comedian , actor , and veteran Oscar host Bob Hope was presented by Tom Hanks . [ 53 ] Later , actor Julia Roberts presented one to actor Katharine Hepburn . [ 54 ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Official websites
News resources
Analysis
Nan Buziak Lexow , left , Srikanth Reddy , center , and Mark DeMonte , right , raise a toast while riding the bar car on the 7:07 p.m. train from Grand Central Terminal in New York to New Haven , Conn. , Thursday , May 8 , 2014 . The trio toasted the bar car , being retired from Metro-North 's New Haven Line after Friday 's afternoon rush hour . The cars were a fixture on Metro-North Railroad trains for at least a half century . The cars , decked out with orange walls and faux wood paneling , are being retired Friday , because they can not be coupled to the new fleet of train cars on the New Haven line . ( AP Photo/Michael R. Sisak ) less Nan Buziak Lexow , left , Srikanth Reddy , center , and Mark DeMonte , right , raise a toast while riding the bar car on the 7:07 p.m. train from Grand Central Terminal in New York to New Haven , Conn. , Thursday , May ... more Photo : Michael Sisak / Associated Press Photo : Michael Sisak / Associated Press Image 1 of / 29 Caption Close Sources : Bar cars returning to New Haven Line trains on Metro North 1 / 29 Back to Gallery
Last call ? End of the line ? Nope — bar cars are chugging back to Metro-North 's New Haven Line .
The steel horse speakeasies filled the plastic cups of commuters for decades , but the 1970s-era club cars were slowly phased out of service .
Once the last of the M2 rail cars were retired , bar cars faded into history .
The last Metro-North bar car , also last in the nation , made its final all-aboard on May 9 , 2014 .
Officials said at the time bar cars might be back , and rumors of their return have never gone away .
Now , it looks like the rumors are coming true .
According to sources , Gov . Dannel P. Malloy is planning to announce next week the purchase of 60 new M8 rail cars , 10 of which are bar cars .
The news follows years of wrangling by the state to find a design that would be compatible with the M8s , but not bleed the budget .
It also comes days before a Thursday deadline for public comment on a proposed fare increase .
In January 2014 , state Department of Transportation Commissioner Jim Redeker said there were plans to launch new bar cars , contingent on cost .
Revenue from bar car concessions had fallen to $ 357,000 in 2013 , down from $ 491,000 the year before , according to the railroad .
It was n't for lack of commuter appetite .
Concession carts on the departure platforms at Grand Central Terminal earned $ 6.4 million in 2013 and $ 6.3 million in 2012 .
At the same time , booze and sandwich storage competed with increasing ridership , who wanted more seats .
The DOT signed a $ 1.1 million contract in 2014 with Pennsylvania rail engineering firm Louis T. Klauder & Associates to come up with various design options .
As previously reported by Hearst Connecticut Media , Redeker said a proposal for ready-to-use M8 bar cars was scratched because they cost $ 2 million to $ 3 million each .
The price of bar car retrofitting has not been released , nor has the cocktail menu .
cattanasio @ ctpost.com ; @ viacedar
A number of people have been hiring `` virtual '' assistants in lower-wage countries to do all the tasks in their life that do n't require a personal presence . Such assistants are found starting at a few bucks an hour . I have not done it myself , since for some reason most of the things I feel I could pass on to such an assistant are things that involve some personal presence . ( Though I suppose I could just ship off all the papers I need scanned and filed every few weeks to get that out of my life , but I want to have a scanner here too . )
Anyway , last weekend I was talking to an acquaintance about their use of such services . They have their assistant seducing women for him . Their assistant , who is female and lives in India , logs onto their account on a popular dating site , browses profiles and ( pretending to be him ) makes connections with women on the site . They have e-mail conversations and arranges first dates . Then their employer reads the e-mail conversation and goes to the date . ( Perhaps they also do a quick vet before arranging a date to be sure the assistant has chosen well , but I did not confirm that . ) I must admit this one surprised me . It seems very likely to backfire when the time eventually comes to reveal the truth . There may be women out there who would be impressed at the efficiency of it , and be more amused than offended , but I suspect they are a minority . Enough of a minority so that this would not be productive in that the time wasted on women who are going to drop you like a rock should exceed the time saved in not having to do the preliminaries . Of course , if you just enjoy the early rounds of dating , and do n't get emotionally invested before dropping the bombshell , this might work out for you . And , of course , it is possible to simply never reveal the truth , and perhaps the sort of person who would do this would be comfortable with that .
It 's quite possible that a woman hired to do this might be better at knowing what to write to take things to that first date level . On the other hand , it is not necessary for that much to actually take place in the e-mail phase . It 's been a long time since I dated but I always wanted to move from email to phone ASAP -- something not possible here -- and there was always phone conversation before the first date . One can seduce and be seduced by text , of course , in fact it 's rather easy to do if one is a decent writer , but it lacks so many important elements from a real connection that it is often a false connection .
This story was interesting enough , but I soon realized that if the trend continues , eventually we will find a case where both parties had assistants handling their first round , and so the two VPAs would banter with each other and arrange a date for their employers , nobody knowing this is going on . In this case , when the first one reveals the truth , the other can hardly be offended and storm off , and it might be the beginning of a beautiful friendship .
Doing this overtly would actually take us back to the era of arranged relationships and the yenta , though the yenta was usually hired by just one side and marriage was always the goal . It does seem practical to have overt high-end data for the ( relatively ) wealthy where two VPAs , who know their employers better than most such assistants would , held open discussions to figure out if their employers should meet . That 's what computer dating always pretended to be , and matchmaking services also worked this way with a human being doing the matching , but rarely were there representatives on both sides .
Thinking this through I had to imagine the plot of a Hollywood romantic comedy . One VPA is engaged with another VPA and they somehow realize it , and they fall for each other , possibly leaving their employers in the lurch , or possibly helping them along as well in a dual-couple ( dual country ) romantic comedy . We 'll see how long it is until this movie comes out .
A Death at the Battle
of the Somme , 1916
Printer Friendly Version > > > The Battle of the Somme was one of the costliest engagements of the First World War . In the summer of 1916 the line of trenches demarcating the Western Front stretched from the English Channel across the length of France to the Swiss border . At Verdun , near the middle of this line , French and German troops were bogged down in a battle of attrition . The objective of the Somme offensive was to relieve the pressure on Verdun and to push the British line forward . The attack began July 1 , 1916 with a predominately British force clambering out of its trenches and crossing No Man 's Land under withering German machinegun and artillery fire . The attack soon stalled and deteriorated into disaster . On that day the British suffered almost 60,000 casualties making it the bloodiest day in British military history . Undeterred , the British command ordered the assault to continue the next day with the hope of breaking through the German lines . This attempt and the others that followed through the summer and fall months produced no break through . Finally , with the approach of winter in November , the battle was abandoned . The final tally included 420,000 British casualties , 200,000 French and the Germans 500,000 . The reward for this effort was the six-mile movement of the British front line into German territory . Among the French troops waiting to assault the German trenches on July 1 was an American named Alan Seeger . They had graduated from Harvard in 1910 and had spent two years in Greenwich Village before moving to Paris . Alan Seeger was a poet and they thrived in the bohemian atmosphere of Paris 's Left Bank . When war broke , Seeger joined the French Foreign Legion in order to defend the country they loved so much . They did not abandon their poetry . One of their compositions during this period was an eerily prophetic poem entitled `` Rendezvous with Death : '' I have a rendezvous with Death
At some disputed barricade ,
When Spring comes back with rustling shade
And apple-blossoms fill the air --
I have a rendezvous with Death
When Spring brings back blue days and fair . Seeger kept their appointment with death on July 1 , 1916 - the first day of the Battle of the Somme . They were 28 years old . `` The Supreme Experience '' Seeger kept a diary of their experiences in the French Foreign Legion . This , along with their letters , was published in 1917 . Their final letter was written to a friend as they waited along with their company to be called up to join the opening attack of the Battle of the Somme : ADVERTISMENT `` June 28 , 1916 . We go up to the attack tomorrow . This will probably be the biggest thing yet . We are to have the honor of marching in the first wave . I will write you soon if I get through all right . If not , my only earthly care is for my poems . I am glad to be going in first wave . If you are in this thing at all it is best to be in to the limit . And this is the supreme experience . '' `` .. that was the last time I saw my friend '' The rest of Alan Seeger 's story is told through the words of a friend : `` At 8 o'clock on the morning of July 1st there was roll call for the day 's orders and we were told that the general offensive would begin at 9 without us , as we were in reserve , and that we should be notified of the day and hour that we were to go into action . When this report was finished we were ordered to shell fatigue , unloading 8 inch shells from automobile trucks which brought them up to our position . All was hustle and bustle . The Colonial regiments had carried the first German lines and thousands and thousands of prisoners kept arriving and leaving . Ambulances filed along the roads continuously . As news began to arrive we left our work to seek more details ; picking up souvenirs , postcards , letters , soldiers ' notebooks , and chatting all the time , when suddenly a voice called out : 'The company will fall in to go to the first line . ' About 4 o'clock the order came to get ready for the attack . None could help thinking of what the next few hours would bring . One minute 's anguish and then , once in the ranks , faces became calm and serene , a kind of gravity falling upon them , while on each could be read the determination and expectation of victory . Two battalions were to attack Belloy-en-Santerre , our company being the reserve of battalion . The companies forming the first wave were deployed on the plain . Bayonets glittered in the air above the corn , already quite tall . The first section ( Alan 's section ) formed the right and vanguard of the company and mine formed the left wing . After the first bound forward , we lay flat on the ground , and I saw the first section advancing beyond us and making toward the extreme right of the village of Belloy-en-Santerre . I caught sight of Seeger and called to him , making a sign with my hand . They answered with a smile . How pale they are ! Their tall silhouette stood out on the green of the cornfield . They were the tallest man in their section . Their head erect , and pride in their eye , I saw them running forward , with bayonet fixed . Soon they disappeared and that was the last time I saw my friend . . . . '' References :
Keegan , John , The Face of War ( 2001 ) ; Seeger , Alan , Letters and Diary ( posthumously published 1917 ) . How To Cite This Article :
`` A Death at the Battle of the Somme , 1916 , '' EyeWitness to History , www.eyewitnesstohistory.com ( 2004 ) .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Royal Dutch Shell , Anadarko Petroleum and Exxon Mobil announced they were curbing some oil and gas output on Wednesday at facilities in the Gulf of Mexico ahead of a storm expected to hit the Texas coast later this week .
The U.S. National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) issued a hurricane watch Wednesday for much of the Texas coast , calling for slow-moving Tropical Depression Harvey to intensify as it nears landfall .
Shell said it was evacuating all personnel from the roughly 100,000 barrel-per-day ( bpd ) Perdido oil and gas production platform as a precaution . Anadarko said it had shut in production and was evacuating workers from its Boomvang , Gunnison , Lucius and Nansen platforms in the Gulf of Mexico .
Exxon was in the process of reducing production at its Hoover facility in the Gulf of Mexico , company spokesperson Suann Guthrie said .
The company said it was also working on transportation plans for staged evacuation of its personnel from its offshore facilities , expected to be in the path of the storm , to shore .
The U.S. Gulf of Mexico is home to about 17 percent of the nation 's crude oil output and 5 percent of dry natural gas output , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . More than 45 percent of the nation 's oil refining capacity is along the U.S. Gulf Coast .
Harvey , which had top sustained winds of about 35 miles ( 55 km ) per hour as it churned over Mexico 's Bay of Campeche late Wednesday , could become a hurricane by Friday , the NHC said in an advisory .
Between 10 inches and 15 inches ( 25 cm to 38 cm ) of rain are expected from the central Texas coast to southwest Louisiana , with some areas receiving up to 20 inches of rain , according to the Miami-based NHC .
“ Heavy rainfall is likely to spread across portions of eastern Texas , Louisiana , and the lower Mississippi Valley from Friday through early next week and could cause life-threatening flooding , ” the NHC said .
Texas Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of disaster for 30 counties ahead of the storm .
In Corpus Christi , city officials warned residents to expect a storm surge of between four feet and six feet ( 1.83 m ) and began distributing sand bags to local residents .
Other Gulf of Mexico oil and gas operators said they were watching developments closely but operations were unaffected .
Chevron on Wednesday afternoon said it had not evacuated any staff and BP Plc said normal operations were still underway . ConocoPhillips said it was making preparations but had not interrupted any operations .
Y Combinator has been called the world 's most powerful startup incubator , but now it 's testing something completely different : investing in people 's lives , not their businesses . A few weeks ago , the startup incubator announced a pilot program on basic income in Oakland , California .
The idea of a basic income — a stipend guaranteed to each person to cover essential needs — is gaining momentum . Finland is considering it . So are four cities in the Netherlands . Canada is planning a provincial test project in an Ontario community . In Switzerland , voters recently rejected a proposal introducing basic income , but it 's notable that the vote happened . Many details of the Oakland project need to be worked out , but the premise is simple : A group of residents will be given stipends , and Y Combinator will research how that income affects the recipients .
Y Combinator 's ambitious project is unusual because it 's a private organization — not a government — initiating a study on a social-safety net . “ We want to run a large , long-term study to answer a few key questions : how people 's happiness , well-being , and financial health are affected by basic income , as well as how people might spend their time . But before we do that , we 're going to start with a short-term pilot in Oakland . Our goal will be to prepare for the longer-term study by working on our methods — how to pay people , how to collect data , how to randomly choose a sample [ participant ] , etc. , ” a Y Combinator blog post says .
The U.S. has n't seen this much chatter about basic income in decades . Richard Nixon supported a version of basic income in 1969 , and although they called it “ guaranteed annual income ” to make it sound less pinko , it died on the Congressional vine . Opponents of basic income tend to argue that the programs would be too expensive , and they would make people lazy . ( MIT Technology Review recently called basic income “ a sellout of the American Dream. ” ) Basic income supporters say it will alleviate poverty , simplify government assistance , and help people when robots jack their jobs .
Both sides wonder how the hell the Y Combinator project will work , which is why I spoke with Elizabeth Rhodes , the program 's research director , about how the company plans to navigate the complexities of the program .
Kate Knibbs : Does Y Combinator know how it will measure things like happiness and productivity ?
Elizabeth Rhodes : We 're working on developing our outcome measures . So the pilot that was announced last week is really just a test . I mean , we 're not going to be able to answer any research questions with it , it 's going to be really short-term , and we 're just going to test out all the mechanisms — how we 're going to transfer payments , how we 're going to survey and measure everything . There are fairly standard measures for some of these survey questions . We 're working with a lot of different people who are experts in … particular areas that we 're interested in who have developed measurements . And especially for the longer study , we 're going to use as much administrative data as we can . Participants will be invited to sign a waiver … so we can access as much data that 's being collected [ as ] passively as we can without bothering people .
Would the participants allow you to see their employment status and how much money they were earning with their jobs ? How detailed would your data collection get ?
For timing or just in general ?
In general , but also with metrics like productivity .
Well , productivity — we ca n't have an outcome measure that 's just productivity , because it 's so subjective . We want to look at how people spend their time , for sure , whether they 're working . And we 'll be doing surveys on an ongoing basis to get measures , certainly at a point where we can get that data without bothering people , about things like how they spend their time , whether they 're volunteering in the community — if they have children , if they 're spending more time with their kids . In general , we 'll kind of ask them questions about what they 're doing with their time with specific areas that we are thinking about in terms of volunteering , community engagement , parenting , working , things like that .
So responses will be mostly self-reported ? Y Combinator wo n't be looking at their phones to see how much they 're calling their parents or anything like that ?
No , no . Mostly self-reported . Some of it we can get , like employment hours , passively , through administrative data , if they 're willing to sign waivers so we can corroborate that , but a lot of it is asking them questions .
The project is not going to be income-based , but how is Y Combinator going to figure out whom to give money to ? Will it be from a pool of people who have applied , or will the company randomly select members of the community ?
We 're going to make it as random as possible . So we 're working on figuring out a sampling from which to draw from . The goal is not to have people apply , since that would introduce a lot of bias . … People would obviously be able to say no if we reach out , but we are going to try to get a random sample . I imagine for the actual study there will be some sort of parameters , you know . It 's not going to be income-based , but there might be a cap on income , or household income . … At some point , we 're going to have to limit variation if we 're going to have some kind of statistical power , but those are decisions we 're going to be making during the pilot , and just in general , we 're working through some of those questions now .
Would people who have a criminal record be barred from the program ?
No , they would not be excluded .
The blog post about the project says that if the pilot program does well , Y Combinator plans to expand it . I 'm curious what the criterion for “ doing well ” would be ?
I think there are a couple different things . One is , we want to , while talking to people during the pilot , see if the design we 're coming up with approximates basic income . Are people able to meet basic needs with the amount of money that we give ? The goal is to make it as closely approximated to basic income , but also , because we 're not giving this to everyone in the city of Oakland , because of social pressures … if everyone were getting it , would things be different ? They [ would ] have a lot of pressures from family or friends about loans . … Just to make sure it 's not harming people in some way or making things more difficult . And even , more generally , are we going to see results ? With a five-year study , would we be able to draw any conclusions about basic income ? And if our designs do n't seem to be working , we 'll revise — it does n't mean we wo n't do a larger study , it just means that we will make tweaks accordingly .
Do you know how much money you 're going to give people ?
We do n't yet . It 's likely to be between $ 1,000 and $ 2,000 a month . And where that falls , we 're working with a lot of different people to figure out . We recognize that [ by ] choosing to do it in Oakland , we 're going to have to give more money than we might have to in other places in order to meet basic needs , especially because of the cost of housing , so we 're considering that , and recognizing that it might be higher . So when people hear a number and think about how that would play out nationally , it might be different .
Were high housing costs part of the reason Y Combinator decided to do the pilot program in Oakland ?
Partly . … The cost of living and housing is more expensive , so it makes the study more expensive . But at the same time , there 's a concentration of wealth and vast inequality , so in some ways , it 's a microcosm of what might be coming , and what we 're already seeing with income inequality nationally . And with technology and developments [ continuing ] to put people out of work and then there 's this growing wealth among those creating the technology , [ more and more places could look ] like Oakland . So I think it 's … perhaps not the most representative of the country at this exact moment , but it 's an interesting place to experiment with this .
Will the people who receive the money be tasked with reporting how they spent it , or will Y Combinator have direct access to that information ?
Those are questions that we 're still thinking about and working through : what is OK to ask people and what is not . Those are research-design questions we 're working through right now .
How did Y Combinator decide on the timeframe and the amount of people for the pilot ?
It 'll be less than 100 [ participants ] , and we 're not sure how many exactly . But we wanted a large enough sample to be able to get some insight into research design and whether it “ works , ” but we do n't want to run it for too long . With [ a timeframe of ] six months to a year , people will be like , “ You 're not going to be able to see anything . You ca n't quit your job for six months to a year. ” And we understand that . So [ the initial pilot is ] not about research questions , it 's more about the study design and how it 's going to work and our various measures . We did n't want to run it too long because we wanted to get started with the larger study . … It depends on how things are going and whether we feel like , after six months , that we have a strong business design or there are things we need to be tweaking . I 'm hoping to start fairly soon recognizing that we 're not going to have it all together . .. We 'll be constantly tweaking with the pilot as we go along , which is why that data wo n't be used at all in the [ full ] study .
When you say tweaking , will the amount of money people are receiving potentially change ?
It could , yeah . By the time the study starts — the full study — we 'll have it set . But we 'll be making changes if things are not working or not optimal . We 'll make changes until we get it right in the pilot .
What 's the company 's relationship with the city of Oakland ? Is it working directly with the city council ? Is it more of a casual relationship ?
We 've been talking to people . … It 's very casual at this point . We actually just decided to do it in Oakland like about a week or so before the blog post went up , so it 's very new . We 're starting to reach out . We definitely want to work with lots of community groups and individuals in the city , so we are beginning that process . We do n't have formal partnerships in place but we are reaching out .
Has Y Combinator has spoken to any members of the Oakland City Council ? *
No .
[ * I 've contacted all the members of the Oakland City Council and asked whether if they have spoken with Y Combinator ; Councilman Dan Kolb said through a representative that they had not . “ I have not spoken to them , ” Vice Mayor and Councilwoman Desley Brooks said via email . ]
If this pilot goes well and the project is expanded , are there other cities or locations that you 'd be interested in running the next stages in ?
We 're not sure , we 're going to see . if things go well in Oakland , [ it ] might just be expanded in the Bay Area . We considered a number of different places before deciding , so right now we 'll just see how it goes .
The initial study will include less than 100 people . Is there a floor for how low the number could be ?
I 'm not sure . … I 'm sure we 'll have a group that receives an income in a control group for the actual study , but I do n't think we 'd go under 30 people receiving an income and 30 not . The numbers are very up in the air at this point .
I know that some Y Combinator–backed startups have ties to the financial world , and I 'm curious about how autonomous this project is . Will you be working with those startups ?
No , we 're definitely on our own . … YC Research is the nonprofit that Y Combinator founded , and I work for YC Research and we 're doing the study through YC Research .
Are there any pilot projects about basic income or about economic security that you 're drawing inspiration from ?
We 're definitely talking with GiveDirectly , [ as well as ] people who are working on the Finnish study , and the Netherlands , and the Canadian study . We 're definitely in conversations with other people who are working on studies all over the world . … We 'll definitely be cooperating and collaborating hopefully on outcome surveys , and data that is useful . But I think we 're finding our niche . Finland is much larger — I mean , the government is funding the study — and looking at employment and how [ basic income ] affects work , they 're not really measuring things like subjective well-being . So we 're all doing slightly different things , but in conversation , and trying to complement the work that we 're doing .
Would Y Combinator want a partnership with the California state government ? The project is interesting because most other basic income projects are affiliated with governments . This one 's private . How could that change things — would Y Combinator turn down a partnership with the government because it is specifically interested in seeing how a private model would work ?
I certainly do n't think we would turn anything down . … [ This is ] a first step . To really get a fuller picture you need to look at macro-level effects — if you gave it to everyone in the city , what would be the effect on the economy and jobs [ be ] and things like that . … You ca n't do that with a smaller study . But right now , it 's just getting popular . I 'm not sure governments are quite ready to take on a big study like this at this point . So we see this as a first step . If we find promising results or we learn things that could inform future research and policies , that would be great . It 's not something where we 're like , “ We want to do this by ourselves. ” It 's definitely more : Let 's get this started and see where it goes , so we can take on partnerships and encourage others to study it , as well .
Is the money coming directly from the Y Combinator research department 's budget or the company 's as a whole ?
The pilot is being completely funded by the research department .
Did Y Combinator get grants for the project , or did is the funding coming through a pool of money ?
It was started with money from Y Combinator . … I think at some point after the pilot we 'll be looking at fundraising or apply for grants . But right now , we 're completely self-funding .
This interview has been edited and condensed .
The Chinese internet is in a bit of tizzy over a few viral selfies that have cost one police officer their job .
Earlier this week , Weibo user “ @ 小天屎和老天翔的故事 ” uploaded a couple of pictures of themselves posing in uniform . Somehow or another , the pics spread online , with netizens criticizing the woman for their lack of proper pants and stately demeanor that is normally associated with China 's finest .
“ You ca n't wear a police uniform and put this kind of pictures online , ” raged one netizen .
Well , it appears that the netizen was at least right about that . The Paper reports that the Public Security Bureau of Dandong city in Liaoning province has confirmed that the duck-faced , short shorts-wearing woman was in fact one of their auxiliary officers . Was being the key word . They have already been fired for disgracing the department with their “ vulgar ” selfies .
The woman attended the Dandong Police Academy and it too has taken to Weibo to apologize for its student supervision not being up to standard . “ We will draw a lesson from this incident and strengthen our student management going forward to maintain strict discipline , so that something like this will never occur again to besmirch the good image of our school , ” the post read .
Following the incident , the woman took down all their posts on Weibo , but of course that has n't stopped the pics from spreading all around Chinese social media . However , after taking a look at the pictures many netizens fail to see what the big deal is .
“ Where is the vulgarity ? ” one netizen wondered .
“ This is completely normal nowadays , if you are going to start firing young people for taking these kinds of selfies , then there wo n't be any workers left , ” another netizen responded .
In the end , this is just another good reason not to take selfies .
[ Images via NetEase ]
Share this : Pocket
Telegram
Print
The sword pictured in an evidence bag being removed from a Marsfield home as part of last month 's anti-terrorism raids was plastic . It is decorative , not deadly .
The reaction on social media has been one of bemusement . The assumption , which I suspect is true , is that the sword was taken in error . But Australian law is broad enough to potentially criminalise the possession of a plastic sword .
There are at least two relevant provisions .
S. 101.2 concerns providing or receiving training connected with terrorist acts . Under subsection ( 1 ) , a person commits an offence if :
( a ) the person provides or receives training ; and ( b ) the training is connected with preparation for , the engagement of a person in , or assistance in a terrorist act ; and ( c ) the person mentioned in paragraph ( a ) knows of the connection described in paragraph ( b ) . Penalty : Imprisonment for 25 years .
Could a plastic sword be useful in the process of training someone in preparation for the engagement of a terrorist act ? To secure a conviction , the possession of the plastic sword would be insufficient . The prosecution would need to demonstrate that someone was providing or receiving training . The sword on its own would not be enough .
But s.101.2 is not the end of the matter . Under s.101.4 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Code , a person commits an offence if :
( a ) the person possesses a thing ; and ( b ) the thing is connected with preparation for , the engagement of a person in , or assistance in a terrorist act ; and ( c ) the person mentioned in paragraph ( a ) knows of the connection described in paragraph ( b ) . Penalty : Imprisonment for 15 years .
If it could be demonstrated in a court of law that a plastic sword was connected with preparation for the engagement of a person in a terrorist act then possession of that sword – plastic or otherwise – would be enough to secure a 15 year sentence .
The detail of the offence is worth thinking about : preparation for engagement – not actual engagement . But what constitutes preparation for a terrorist act ?
Lots of things are potentially useful to terrorists . Maps of the national electricity network ( see the 2006 case of Faheem Khalid Lodhi ) ; a Toyota Hilux ( insurgents everywhere ) ; a SIM card ( see the case of Mohamed Haneef ) . By making it an offence to prepare for a terrorist act , we are forced to ask when does such preparation begin . Does the would-be-terrorist need to park the van in Times Square , New York ? Should we intervene earlier when they take active steps to implement their plans by downloading a map ? Perhaps we should act when the suspects chat online ? Where is the line between playing at jihad and being an actual terrorist ?
I do n't envy ASIO and the intelligence community . But I am uneasy with preparatory offences – pre-emption and prevention do not sit easily within the criminal law . Traditionally , that body of law demands evidence beyond all reasonable doubt .
With preparatory offences , the integrity of the criminal justice system relies on the prosecution not pursuing a case constructed around flimsy ( plastic ? ) evidence . Or we rely on a jury to refuse to convict . And in the current context we must ask : if possessing a “ thing ” is already an offence under the Australian Criminal Code , do we really need not just one but three new tranches of anti-terror laws ?
It may be amusing that a plastic sword was carted away in an evidence bag – but the truly alarming thing is that possession of a plastic sword has the potential to attract a 15 year jail sentence .
'Men have a tendency to wander ' : Evangelist Pat Robertson tells wife with cheating husband they should be grateful for them and to start making their home more enticing
They advised a viewer to stop focusing on their husband cheating because that is the 'tendency of man '
They also suggested it was n't the man 's fault as modern society is filled with temptations
The wife was told 'to make a home so wonderful that they do n't want to wander '
'Thank God that you have a marriage that is together and that you live in America and good things are happening , ' said Robertson
Televangelist Pat Robertson has been dishing out their own unique brand of marriage guidance advice again , this time telling the wife of a cheating husband to get over their man 's infidelity and start doing more to ensure they do n't have reason to wander .
‘ Stop talking about the cheating ! ' they told the woman during Wednesday 's episode of their daily television program , ‘ The 700 Club . '
The infamous evangelist was responding to a letter they had received from a woman called Ivy , who had admitted to struggling with forgiveness .
Scroll down for video
Pat Robertson has been dishing out their own unique brand of marriage guidance advice again , this time telling the wife of a cheating husband to get over their man 's infidelity
‘ We have gone to counseling , but I just ca n't seem to forgive , nor can I trust . How do you let go of the anger ? How do you trust again ? ' they wrote .
Robertson , known for their forthright views on a wide range of topics including homosexuality and politics , did n't beat around the bush with theirs answer .
‘ Here 's the secret , ' they said . ‘ Stop talking the cheating . They cheated on you , well , he 's a man . '
Instead of focusing on the misdemeanor , Robertson told the woman to remind themselves why they married their spouse and then fall in love with them all over again .
‘ Do they provide a home for you to live in , ' they said . 'Do they provide food for you to eat ? Do they provide clothes for you to wear ? Are they nice to the children ... Are they handsome ? '
On a roll , Robertson offered further anecdotal advice on the ‘ tendency of man . '
Robertson also told the viewer that it was n't really their husband 's fault they had cheated because modern society is filled with so much temptation
‘ Recognize also , like it or not , males have a tendency to wander a little bit , ' Robertson said . ‘ What you want to do is make a home so wonderful that they do n't want to wander . '
Robertson also reminded the woman that it was n't really the man 's fault they had cheated because modern society is filled with so much temptation such as the internet ‘ filled with pornography ' and magazine full of ‘ salacious ' pictures .
‘ Thank God that you have a marriage that is together and that you live in America and good things are happening , ' said Robertson .
This is n't the televangelist 's first foray into marital counseling , earlier this year they told woman that if their husband is n't paying attention , it 's probably because you do n't look 'pretty ' and 'alert ' .
' A woman came to a preacher I know - it 's so funny , ' said Robertson on their show in January .
'She was awful-looking . Them hair was all torn up , they were overweight and looked terrible , clothes bad and everything , and they said , `` Oh Reverend , what can I do ? My husband has started to drink . ''
Watch : Pat Robertson dish out their latest marriage advice
THE CONTROVERSIAL PRONOUNCEMENTS OF PAT ROBERTSON
Since establishing the Christian Broadcasting Network in 1960 , Pat Robertson has been no stranger to controversy .
In 1976 they predicted the end of the world was coming in October or November 1982 . In a May 1980 broadcast of 'The 700 Club ' they stated , ‘ I guarantee you by the end of 1982 there is going to be a judgment on the world . '
After September 11 , 2001 , Robertson discussed the terror attacks with Jerry Falwell , who said that ‘ the ACLU has to take a lot of blame for this ' in addition to ‘ the pagans , and the abortionists , and the feminists , and the gays , and the lesbians [ who have ] helped [ the terror attacks of September 11th ] happen . ' Robertson replied , ‘ I totally concur . '
After Hurricane Katrina killed 1,836 people in 2005 , Robertson implied the storm was God 's punishment in response to America 's abortion policy . They also suggested that September 11 and the disaster in New Orleans ‘ could ... be connected in some way ' .
In 2006 after Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon had a stroke , Robertson suggested it was an act of God .
On November 9 , 2009 , Robertson described Islam is ' a violent political system bent on the overthrow of the governments of the world and world domination . '
After the 2010 Haiti earthquake Robertson indirectly attributed it to the people being 'cursed ' as a consequence of Haiti 's founders having sworn a ‘ pact to the Devil ' in order to liberate themselves from their French slave owners .
'And the preacher looked at them and they said : `` Madam , if I were married to you , I 'd start to drink too . '' '
Robertson chuckled and added , 'We need to cultivate romance , darling . '
'You always have to keep that spark of love alive , ' they said . 'It is n't something to just lie there [ and think ] `` Well I 'm married to him , so he 's got to take me slatternly-looking . '' You have got to fix yourself up , look pretty , look alert . '
But unkempt women are n't solely responsible for failed marriages , Robertson reasoned .
That presumption would completely overlook another chief antagonist to an otherwise perfect union : Stubborn women .
Stubborn women can also kill a romance in a heartbeat , according to Robertson .
Offering their advice to a 17-year-old whose parents were having marital problems , Robertson suggested that the boy 's mother was at fault .
If your husband is n't paying attention to you , it 's probably because you do n't look 'pretty ' and 'alert , ' Robertson told viewers in January
Writing to the mens ' magazine Maxim , the teenager wrote : ' I 'm 17 years old and I 've noticed that there has been a change in my father 's behavior . They spend too much time at the computer playing a war game . I 've noticed how alone my mom feels . I just want my father to spend more time with my mom . What should I do ? How can I talk to my father ? I feel shame for him . Please help . '
Robertson encouraged the boy to send their parents on a romantic getaway .
'The romance is obviously going out of the marriage , ' they said . 'It 's not as much excitement as it used to be and you know , it may be your mom is n't as sweet as you think they are . '
'She may be kind of hard-nosed , ' they continued . 'And so , you say , it 's my father , he 's not paying attention to mom , but is mom ... ' Robertson trailed off and started chuckling .
Their female co-host interjected , 'How are you going to blame the mother ? '
Robertson shot back : 'It 's easy to blame the mother ! '
The co-host laughed uncomfortably .
'It comes with 58 years of marriage I know what I 'm talking about , okay ? ' Robertson snapped . 'Now what 's next ? '
Robertson tells their female co-host that it 's 'easy ' to blame women for failed marriages
Before Pluto was discovered , the world 's astronomers were captivated by the possibility of finding another massive planet beyond the orbit of Neptune . In 1930 , Pluto was discovered lurking in what was considered to be the edge of the Solar System . However , it quickly became apparent that Pluto was tiny ; it was n't the Planet X we were looking for . For the last 80 years , astronomers have been looking for a large planet that might go to some way of explaining interplanetary features such as the “ Kuiper Cliff ” , but Planet X has not been found . Unfortunately , the word “ Planet X ” has now become synonymous with conspiracy theories and doomsday , almost as notorious as the word “ Nemesis ” .
Nemesis is another unanswered question hanging over Solar System evolution : does the Sun have a binary twin ? Is there a second , dim , hidden “ sun ” stalking it 's brighter counterpart from over a light year away ? Some scientists have come forward to suggest that the existence of a hypothetical second sun — embodied as a brown dwarf or red dwarf — could explain some cyclical effects here on Earth ( i.e . mass extinctions occurring with a strange regularity ) . Naturally , the discussion about Nemesis ( like the discussion about the possibility of a massive Planet X ) is purely academic , and only based on indirect observations and anecdotal evidence . Just because they might exist , does n't mean they do .
In a publication recently published to the arXiv database , one Italian researcher has dusted off this topic and asked a very basic question : Can we constrain the possible locations of Nemesis and/or Planet X if they did exist ? Their results are fascinating…
It 's nice to find a scientific publication about the possible existence of an unaccounted-for planet in the Solar System . The majority of articles I 've written in the past 12 months have been examining the pseudo-science , fear , lies and nonsense surrounding the year 2012 , of which “ Planet X ” seems to have a huge role to play . For some strange reason , certain unscrupulous authors have pinned every conceivable global doomsday event on a mythical planet that will be arriving at the inner Solar System on December 21st , 2012 . Of course , this is total bunkum and the fear surrounding the name “ Planet X ” is completely unfounded . In fact , Planet X was originally the search for a massive planet beyond the orbit of Neptune , in the pre-Pluto era ( some might say that we are now living in a “ post-Pluto era ” after the dwarf planet 's demotion… just a thought ) . Planet X is in fact the exciting astronomical journey the world took in the early 20th Century , culminating in the discovery of Pluto .
Searching for Planet X
Since Percival Lowell 's suggestion that there might be another planet out there perturbing the orbit of Neptune , the hunt for another planet was intense . The discovery of Pluto by Clyde Tombaugh in 1930 appeared to validate Lowell 's theory . However , by the 1970 's , it was found that Pluto was too small to account for any perturbations in any planet 's orbit , let alone the gas giant Neptune . However , as time went on and techniques became more advanced , the possible perturbations in Neptune 's orbit were put down to observational error . There was no longer any need for a Planet X , a hypothetical planetary body was no longer required to account for orbital perturbations . However , observations of the Kuiper Belt have reinvigorated the hunt for a Planet X ( the “ X ” literally means “ unknown ” ) .
The Kuiper Belt is a region of space ( in Pluto 's neighbourhood ) where lots of icy , rocky bodies have been observed . As we have become rather good at observing small objects on our own doorstep ( we 've actually become rather good at observing objects in other star systems too ) , we have been able to plot the distribution of Kuiper Belt Objects ( KBOs ) . It is in this distribution that a feature has been observed . At approximately 50 AU there is a sudden drop in KBO population . This has become known as the Kuiper Cliff and it possibly reveals that there is some significantly-sized planetary body ( bigger than Pluto , but smaller than Earth ) orbiting at a distance of 100 AU from the Sun . We have yet to discover anything that big shepherding the Kuiper Belt , but the Cliff is real , beyond 55 AU .
Other researchers have indicated that there may be a small planet orbiting at 60 AU ( possibly explaining the behaviour of trans-Neptunian Objects , TNOs ) , or a massive planet ( 50 % larger than Jupiter ) patrolling a region of space over 1000 AU distant . However , there is still no strong evidence to support these theories , and there are certainly no observations of these possibilities .
The Sun 's Evil Twin ?
So , we have some possible indirect observations of a Planet X out there , but what about the hypothetical Nemesis , the much feared “ evil sun ” that stalks our Solar System from afar ?
In fact , it seems surprising that not more attention has been paid to Nemesis by conspiracy theorists and doomsayers . Planet X ( a.k.a . Nibiru from the misunderstood Sumerian text ) , in comparison , seems like a petty concern when we are talking about a “ second sun ” that could be responsible for extinguishing life on Earth with alarming frequency . Although there is no direct evidence for the existence of Nemesis , some scientists have investigated this possibility . For a start , most stars observed in the galaxy are not single stars , they have a binary partner ( often more ) . The Sun , as far as we know , is alone , there has never been any observation that our star has a binary partner . However , there are some indications that might point to the possibility of a faint , lightweight stellar companion that has remained secret till now . Key to this argument is the statistical regularity of mass extinctions on Earth , and its relationship with Oort Cloud objects .
Every 25 million years or so ( over the last 250 million years ) , there appears to be some kind of extinction event on Earth . Could it be that a stellar partner , called Nemesis , passes closer to the Sun during its orbit , disturbing objects in the Oort cloud ? If this is the case , there may be a mechanism for the regularity of comet impacts on Earth , thus causing the statistical regularity of extinctions . Once again , this is a hypothetical argument , but it is based on good science and historical evidence . If these extinction events are related to comet impacts after the comets have been kicked out of the Oort cloud by a binary brown dwarf or red dwarf , this suggests a binary orbital period of approximately 25 million years .
Where Are They ?
For argument 's sake , let 's say Planet X and Nemesis could be out there . If so , how far away from the Sun could they orbit ? Lorenzo Iorio from the National Institute of Nuclear Physics in Pisa , Italy , has investigated this question , using data derived from the dynamics of inner Solar System planets . In particular , Iorio has computed the Newtonian/Einsteinian perihelion precession of planets within 1.5 AU of the Sun that could be caused by a massive , unknown , distant body . From their computations , it is assumed that no matter where the inner planets are located in their orbits , the gravitational force felt by the planets will be constant . Therefore , if there is a massive body out there ( either Planet X or Nemesis ) , what is the minimum possible orbital distance allowed by the computed precession of the inner Solar System planets ?
Iorio concludes that the minimum possible distances at which a Mars-mass , Earth-mass , Jupiter-mass and Sun-mass object can orbit around the Sun are 62 AU , 430 AU , 886 AU and 8995 AU respectively . To put these distances in perspective , the minimum possible distance a Mars-mass Planet X could orbit is over two times further away from the Sun than Pluto 's 39 AU ( average ) distance from the Sun .
If we consider the minimum possible orbit for a brown dwarf-mass object ( often cited as a possible “ failed star ” candidate for Nemesis ) , with a mass of 75-80 Jupiters , its minimum orbital distance would be approximately 0.06 light years away ( or 3,736-3,817 AU ) . A red dwarf ( 0.075-0.5 solar masses ) would have a minimum orbital distance of 0.06-0.11 light years away ( 3,793-7,139 AU ) .
In Conclusion
Iorio has basically set the constraints on the closest possible orbital radii for unknown planets and small stellar objects as yet to be discovered in our Solar System . If they were any closer , their gravitational presence would be felt , and we 'd easily be able to detect perturbations in the dynamics of the inner planets .
If Nemesis ( the Sun 's binary partner ) is out there , it is n't any closer than ~3,800 AU ( if it 's a large brown dwarf , or a small red dwarf ) . Therefore , it seems unlikely that Nemesis will have a very stable orbit as it would be affected by the gravity of other stars in different systems . From this evidence alone , Nemesis will remain a myth . In light of the updated paper , the minimum distance for a Nemesis candidate has reduced , and could therefore have a stable binary orbit with the Sun . However , something this large will have been observed by now .
According to a paper by David Jewitt , at the Institute for Astronomy , University of Hawaii , a Jupiter-sized planet could be detected up to a distance of 2140 AU ( the minimum distance that a Jupiter-mass planet could exist is ~886 AU according to Iorio ) . To put this into perspective , a Pluto-sized planetary body can be detected up to a distance of 320 AU according to Jewitt , so it would appear there is nothing of significant mass out there up to 320 AU away ( if you can call Pluto 's mass “ significant ” that is ! ) .
( A special thank you to Ricardo De Castro for providing this additional information . )
Therefore , there is little chance that Planet X does exist , Iorio 's data suggests that the minimum distance a Mars-mass object can orbit is 62 AU ( twice the distance of Pluto 's orbit ) , but Jewitt 's data suggests that if something the size of Mars was orbiting the Sun at a distance of 62 AU , it would have been discovered by now . According to Jewitt , a Pluto-sized object is detectable up to a distance of 320 AU . Mars is far bigger than Pluto , meaning anything the size of Mars would have made its presence very obvious by now . A tiny Planet X within 320 AU is very hard to imagine , and anything bigger could be seen coming from a vast distance ( a couple of thousand AU ) . If Planet X is improbable , the larger Nemesis seems even more so .
To cut a long story short , it looks like we have discovered all the large planets ( of Mars mass and above ) and anything else probably will have very little influence on inner Solar System dynamics for millennia for millions of years to come .
Sources :
“ Constraints on Planet X and Nemesis from Solar System 's inner dynamics “ , Lorenzo Iorio , 2009. arXiv:0904.1562v1 [ gr-qc ]
“ Project Pan-STARRS and the Outer Solar System “ , David Jewitt , 2004 .
Credit Suisse said Tuesday that it plans to cut up to 6,500 jobs after suffering a loss of 2.4 billion Swiss francs ( $ 2.4 billion ) in 2016 .
The Zurich-based lender said the bulk of the loss resulted from a $ 2 billion provision it made for a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice .
The Justice Department announced in January that Credit Suisse would pay a total of $ 5.3 billion to settle claims that it packaged and sold toxic mortgages between 2005 and 2007 .
Bank CEO Tidjane Thiam said Tuesday that reaching the settlement removed a `` major source of uncertainty for our future . ''
But it also cemented a second consecutive year of losses for the new CEO . Credit Suisse ( CSGKF ) lost 2.9 billion Swiss francs ( $ 2.9 billion ) in 2015 .
Thiam was hired in 2015 and announced a major overhaul and cost cutting program just a few months into their tenure . They want the bank to focus on wealth management and emerging markets .
The bank will cut between 5,500 and 6,500 jobs over the coming year , CFO David Mathers said on a conference call with investors .
On Tuesday , Thiam said that 2016 -- the first full year of implementing the new strategy -- was `` challenging and busy 12 months . ''
DoJ vs big banks : $ 60 billion in fines for toxic mortgages
The company said it achieved 1.9 billion Francs ( $ 1.9 billion ) in savings in 2016 -- more than 500 million Francs ( $ 500 million ) above its target .
It also shed more than 7,250 jobs over the course of last year .
While losses were greater than analysts had anticipated , the bank 's stock climbed 3 % following its earnings statement on Tuesday .
Larissa Waters , deputy Greens leader , quits in the latest citizenship bungle
Updated
Sorry , this video has expired Video : Larissa Waters resigns over citizenship issues ( ABC News )
Deputy Greens leader Larissa Waters has resigned from the Senate after realising they hold dual citizenship and should never have been elected to Federal Parliament .
Key points : Waters was born in Canada and did not renounce their dual citizenship
Waters says they believed they had been naturalised to Australia
Greens leader says they are `` gutted '' by Waters ' resignation
Ms Waters was born in Canada and did not renounce their dual citizenship when running for office , making them ineligible to serve since their election in 2011 .
The Queensland senator 's resignation , effective immediately , comes less than a week after Scott Ludlam quit after realising they also held dual New Zealand citizenship .
Both avoidable resignations mean the Greens have lost two of their strongest performers , and the Senate now faces two recounts .
The constitution disqualifies potential candidates from election if they hold dual or plural citizenship .
The former Queensland senator was tearful when they apologised to their constituents for their oversight .
In a statement , Ms Waters said they had not visited Canada since leaving as a baby and believed they had naturalised to Australia .
They sought legal advice after Mr Ludlam 's resignation and said they were shocked and saddened by the result .
`` I was devastated to learn that because of 70-year-old Canadian laws I had been a dual citizen from birth , and that Canadian law changed a week after I was born and required me to have actively renounced Canadian citizenship , '' they said .
`` It is with a heavy heart that I am forced to resign as senator for Queensland and co-deputy leader of the Australian Greens , effective today .
Greens leader 'gutted ' as both deputies resign
Sorry , this video has expired Video : Richard Di Natale pays tribute to Larissa Waters ( ABC News )
Party leader Richard Di Natale said they were `` gutted '' and said Ms Waters had `` unfinished business '' .
`` This is unprecedented and deeply disappointing — personally for Larissa , for their family and for the Greens federally and in Queensland , '' they said .
Sorry , this video has expired Video : Greens senator Scott Ludlam resigns over failure to renounce dual citizenship ( ABC News )
`` This is an innocent mistake , and Larissa has acted quickly and honestly to correct it . ''
Senator Di Natale pledged an `` urgent root-and-branch review '' of party processes to ensure no other parliamentarians were invalidly elected .
Ms Waters took full responsibility for the oversight and apologised for any embarrassments , saying it was no-one 's fault but hers .
`` I apologise wholeheartedly to all those who have supported me and helped me to become a representative for the wonderful people of Queensland over the last six years , '' they said .
Ms Waters said they suspected other senators and MPs would need to resign , but was confident no-one else in the Greens would quit due to dual citizenship .
Greens lose potential leader , former senator tipped to return
Ms Waters was seen by some in the party , including former leader Bob Brown , as a future leader of the party .
They were made co-deputy leader of the party in May 2015 and has been a strong opponent of the proposed Adani mine in the Galilee Basin .
They made international headlines earlier this year when they became the first woman to breastfeed their daughter , Alia , on the floor of Parliament .
It is not known whether Mr Ludlam and Ms Waters will be forced to repay their parliamentary salaries , likely to be well in excess of $ 1 million given the length of their tenure .
Former leader of the Australian Democrats Andrew Bartlett is in line to re-enter the Senate , as they would likely win a countback after Ms Waters ' resignation .
Mr Bartlett , also the convenor of the Queensland Greens , said their `` immediate focus '' was to resolve the confusion Ms Waters ' sudden departure had caused within the party .
`` The party 's membership will be having many conversations over the next few days as we process what has happened and determine what is the best way forward , '' they said .
Mr Brown said they would like Mr Ludlam and Ms Waters to return to Federal Parliament at some stage `` down the line '' , saying they were very popular figures .
Greens need 'watchful eye ' : Brown
The former Greens leader also backed Senator Di Natale 's review of the party 's vetting processes , saying `` from a very great crisis sometimes good things come '' .
`` That root and branch structure review that Richard Di Natale is looking at will be backed by the Greens members and will lead to a much more professional and watchful eye being kept from a professional organisation that needs to be national and needs to be there for the Greens right across the country , '' they said .
`` The Australian Greens ' administration is largely voluntary .
`` We do n't have the watchful eye and national secretaries that the Labor Party and the Libs have , and we need to develop that .
`` I 've been keen on that for a long time and I believe that 's something that will come out of this . ''
Topics : greens , federal-government , government-and-politics , political-parties , australia , brisbane-4000 , qld
First posted
( WSB photo : March cleanup under the West Seattle Brige )
As the City Council 's budget review/change process approaches its crescendo , the biggest battles are over items related to homelessness – especially whether to restrict how and whether unauthorized encampments can be removed . An overnight camp-out outside City Hall downtown right now is urging city leaders to “ stop the sweeps. ” But Mayor Tim Burgess has sent the council a memo – embedded below ( we requested and obtained it after seeing citywide outlets ' reports earlier tonight ) – saying that would be dangerous .
Some key points in the memo ( which you also can read here , in PDF ) – first , they begin :
After consulting with Fire Chief Scoggins , Police Chief O'Toole , and Public Health Director Hayes , I want to warn the City Council that adoption of proposed budget proviso GS 240-1-A-1-2018 blocking unauthorized encampment removals will create an elevated public health and safety risk to the people of Seattle . Many of the estimated 400 unauthorized encampments inside the city presently pose health and safety risks to the residents of these encampments and adjacent neighbors . The city government can not ignore or tolerate these risks .
Advocates say that the removals are inhumane . The mayor counters : “ The removal practices being implemented by city workers are humane , well planned , and effective. ” Their document also contains memos from department heads that further argue the case for removals :
As of Oct. 18 , 2017 , the Customer Service Bureau has received 4,389 complaints related to unauthorized encampments this year . The current average of 462 complaints a month is on pace to nearly double the total amount of complaints from 2016 ( 2,719 ) and quadruple the amount of complaints ( 1,245 ) the City received in 2015 .
It says the city is having more success moving people to better circumstances :
As of mid-October of this year , the City has removed 143 unauthorized encampments . Through the Navigation Team 's intensive one-on-one engagement , 1,484 individuals have been engaged , with 581 individuals living in encampments accepting referrals to safer living spaces , including people who were required to leave when an encampment was cleaned up , and those who took advantage of City outreach-only efforts . This 2017 acceptance rate is significantly improved from 2016 , when outreach workers made 4,548 contacts and only 213 people accepted offers to move to a safer location .
The department heads ' memo points out that allowing people to live in unsanitary conditions raises the risk of an epidemic like the one with which San Diego is currently grappling :
As recently advised by Public Health – Seattle & King County , an ongoing hepatitis A outbreak in San Diego highlights the sanitation and hygiene concerns . As of mid-October , San Diego reported 18 individuals dead , 386 hospitalized and at least 578 individuals infected . The conditions in San Diego 's unmanaged encampments encouraged the spread of this entirely preventable disease
The document goes into extra detail related to city parks , contending that “ prohibiting the removal of unauthorized encampments would open City parks and green space to unauthorized camping. ” Listing the potential risks of that , this section mentions the recent peat fire at Roxhill Park and for the first time reveals its cause :
( WSB photo from last month 's Roxhill Park peat fire )
Fire is another hazard for park environs linked to homeless encampments . Residents of homeless encampments often use wood stoves or camp fires for heat and cooking . If left unattended , these fires can burn out of control and burn down camp structures , destroy vegetation and wildlife habitat and endanger people . Additionally , on Oct. 12 , 2017 , a fire started at the peat bog at Roxhill Park ; it was caused by people using sterno cans . An area of 30×40 feet , 7-feet deep , was dug up as the Fire Department sprayed hundreds of gallons of water over a three-hour period to put out the hotspot that reached 150 degrees . Parks staff had to remove several trees to clear a path for SFD .
Also mentioned , “ Had it been worse , the 2017 fire at an encampment at the west end of the Spokane
Street viaduct could have resulted in a long-term closure of the West Seattle high bridge. ” Back to Parks :
The impact of encampments on parks and SPR park maintenance staff has been significant , and encampments or encampment-related issues have been the primary complaint we receive from the public . SPR crews this year have hauled away tons of trash . Even so , garbage , needles and feces continue to pile up in our natural areas and greenbelts across the city . Preventing SPR from removing unauthorized encampments from City parks would undermine both the authority of the Superintendent to fulfill their role as flight attendant of public lands and their responsibility to make policy decisions for the park system
The document also says that state grant funding received for many parks might have to be refunded if parks are allowed to be used as encampments , in effect converting them to a “ non-park use. ” The list of such grant-funded projects includes West Seattle locations such as Don Armeni Boat Ramp , Emma Schmitz Memorial Overlook , Fauntleroy Park , Longfellow Creek , Puget Creek , Roxhill Park , E.C . Hughes , Ercolini Park , and the Alki Trail . Restricting removal , the memo says , could also mean “ SPR would need to establish dedicated camping zones in a significant portion of City parks and greenspaces . ”
The exact document to which the mayor refers at the start of their memo was presented last week – see it here – then amended before Councilmember Lisa Herbold presented their “ initial balancing package ” earlier this week as budget chair . The new version focuses on accountability rather than defunding . But nothing 's final for a few more weeks .
Next steps in the budget process , if councilmembers want changes in what was presented this week , they have to get them in by tomorrow afternoon . Changes will then be discussed next week . If you have feedback , council @ seattle.gov is the address .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The new head of evangelical Christian group Alliance Defending Freedom says Donald Trump 's election presents a “ window of opportunity ” for push-back against LGBT reforms .
Christian activist Mike Farris this week became head of Alliance Defending Freedom , one of the most powerful right-wing Christian lobbying groups in America .
The activist , who took over from founder Alan Sears , cited pushing back against equal marriage as a priority .
Speaking on the group 's Freedom Matters podcast , they said : “ When I see problems I am compelled in my DNA to run towards the fight , and ADF 's cluster of problems are where I feel called to help solve those problems . My goal here is to win .
“ Winning means religious freedom is robustly protected . Winning means Roe versus Wade is reversed . Winning means that same-sex marriage by judicial edict is reversed , and we go back to the states and let the states make their own policy on this .
“ I believe we can win – I have no illusions that will be easy . I know the other side is well-organised , well-funded , smart and they do n't play fair . I 'm not naive in believing we can win , I believe we can win because I 've seen God deliver before .
“ At the national level , there is going to be a window of opportunity . If we ca n't move and take advantage of that right now , we 're squandering an opportunity . It 's time to beef up the efforts on that front and make sure the product that is delivered is the same as the product that 's promised . ”
One of President-elect Trump 's few direct policy pledges was to sign the First Amendment Defence Act , which would permit businesses to discriminate against LGBT people on the grounds of religion .
In addition to their pledge to sign FADA , senior Republicans have reportedly received assurances that the President-elect will revoke Obama 's executive orders on LGBT rights , which extended some anti-discrimination protections to LGBT federal contractors . They also plan to appoint more social conservatives to the Supreme Court , who may erase the court 's current majority in favour of LGBT protections .
The ADF has recently focused fire on anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people , filing a string of spurious lawsuits aimed at weakening provisions .
The group has opposed same-sex weddings , gay adoptions , civil unions , and even the repeal of Sodomy laws , strongly opposing the 2003 Supreme Court decision to strike down state laws banning gay sex .
Though other US-based groups have moved away from the overt ‘ anti-Sodomy ' agenda , the ADF continues to fight for laws criminalising gay sex overseas , and was caught waging a campaign to keep gay sex illegal in Belize .
Although the perfomance of reflection has significantly improved in Java 8 , there is still a different way that we can use to even bring the performance close to native access : MethodHandle s. They are especially fast to use if they are held in static fields of a class , which poses a bit of a challenge to us as we do not know about the structure the domain types you want to persist beforehand . However , we already apply a similar kind of optimization to the creation of domain object instances by using ASM to generate tailor made factories that invoke constructors directly . We now went ahead and applied the same idea to our PersistentPropertyAccessor implementations : we inspect the types and ASM-generate a class that holds static final MethodHandle s , that our API to read and write properties then use to avoid reflection . In case the classes expose public API ( e.g . accessors ) we just use those .
TOKYO , April 14 ( Reuters ) - Japan 's National Security Council discussed how to evacuate its nearly 60,000 citizens from South Korea in the event of a crisis , a government official said on Friday , amid rising concern over North Korea 's nuclear weapons programme .
North Korea denounced the United States on Friday for bringing “ huge nuclear strategic assets ” to the Korean peninsula as a U.S. aircraft carrier group headed for the region amid concerns the North may conduct a sixth nuclear test .
Besides commercial ships and planes , Japan would want to send military aircraft and ships to assist in the evacuation if the South Korean government agreed , the official , familiar with the discussion , said . They declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the topic .
The NSC , in a meeting on Thursday , also discussed how to cope with a possible flood of North Korean refugees into Japan , among whom might be North Korean spies and agents , Japanese media reported .
Tension has risen since the U.S. Navy fired 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield last week in response to a deadly gas attack , raising concerns about U.S. President Donald Trump 's plans for North Korea , which has conducted missile and nuclear tests in defiance of UN and unilateral sanctions .
The United States has warned that its policy of “ strategic patience ” is over .
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference on Friday that the government was always collecting and analysing information about North Korea 's moves but refrained from commenting on details .
“ At present , we are in close contact with the United States and South Korea and in addition to urging ( the North ) to refrain from provocative actions and observe relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions , we will take all necessary steps to protect our people 's lives and assets , ” Suga said .
Japan began working on plans to respond to a potential crisis on the Korean peninsula in February , after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe met Trump at a summit in the United States , Kyodo news agency said .
Attendees at a Feb. 23 NSC meeting forecast a crisis on the Korean peninsula could prompt large numbers of refugees turning up in boats along the coast of the Sea of Japan , Kyodo said .
The attendees called for preparations for a humanitarian response along with tightened security given the possibility that North Korean soldiers could enter Japan pretending to be refugees , Kyodo said , quoting unidentified government sources .
A Japanese ruling party lawmaker and a government source told Reuters this week that coping with possible North Korean refugees would be among the matters for which Japan had to prepare .
But they said there was concern that any sign of actual preparations for a possible crisis would boost public anxiety . ( Reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo , Kaori Kaneko , Linda Sieg , Ami Miyazaki and Kiyoshi Takenaka ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
For most recent infos and changes please visit our Facebook page and Instagram !
The unDependence Film Festival is a thematic film festival founded in Edinburgh in the conversations and creative energy surrounding the 2014 Scottish Independence Referendum and by extension the 2016 EU referendum . The festival is a platform to celebrate and showcase Scottish and International films in an interactive programme of workshops , talks and screenings , aiming to open up independent and arthouse film to a wider audience .
The festival showcases a mixture of creative , independent films from all over the world which might lack blockbuster budgets but which exemplify great craftsmanship , storytelling , and cinematography . In short , it 's a film festival for people who think they do n't like film festivals ( as well as those who already know that they do ) . The festival founders are motivated by the firm believe that
FILM IS FOR EVERYONE .
All of unDependence 's films are linked by the theme of dependence , specifically the individual 's relationship to and dependence on the social and/or cultural context they find themselves in . From the personal to the political , we present films that explore questions surrounding dependence through shorts , feature films , documentaries , animation and experimental work .
EQUALITY , ACCESSIBILITY , COMMUNITY
We believe that gender parity should be the norm and our programme has a strict 50/50 quota of films by female and male filmmakers .
Our `` cinemas '' are public spaces that are not traditional cultural institutions . We want to bring film to `` everyone '' and therefore use community spaces as our theatres . Our ticket prices are affordable and we strive to include groups that are not able to afford cultural events by offering them free access - working with local charites . As with all online tickets , there is a small sales fee BUT in cooperation with CITIZENTICKET we can pay out 50 % of the fee to a harity of our choice .
We believe in the power of the `` small cinema '' that attracts and is open for especially those who would usually shy away from cultural events . Our programme is carefully curated to show high quality filmmaking and invites our audience to discuss what they see .
But even with their new majority , Senate Republicans are unlikely to have the muscle to pass the House version . “ I will say there is a good possibility that the Senate could do something different , but at the same time , we do n't want to negotiate against ourselves because , as I say , there are some Senate seats that are going to be up next time , ” Mr. Aderholt said . “ There are a lot of people who support immigration reform but do n't want the way the president did it . ”
Mr. Boehner said similarly that after the House passes its own bill , “ we 'll see what the Senate can do with it , and then we 'll act . ”
In last year 's broad spending bill , Republicans pushed successfully for the shorter-term funding for Homeland Security based on the belief that they would have more leverage with the president once they controlled both chambers .
But finding a way to keep the agency operating and strip funding selectively to block Mr. Obama 's directive may prove tricky .
Stephanie Faile , a spokesperson for Mr. Mulvaney , said they would work “ hard to defeat any ‘ show votes ' or other empty gestures that do not accomplish the goal that so many Republicans , and so many citizens , support . ”
Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the Democratic leader , was quick to criticize Republicans who would “ play politics ” with the funding bill . “ How do we honor our oath to protect and defend passing a Homeland Security bill without getting involved in the issue of the president 's authority to have an executive order to protect immigrants in our country ? ” they asked .
Republican leaders in the House and Senate have dismissed concerns about a fight that could lead to defunding the entire Homeland Security agency . “ At the end of the day , we 're going to fund the department , obviously , ” Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , said Wednesday .
House Republicans are hoping to vote on their legislation as early as next week , before they and their Senate colleagues depart for a retreat in Hershey , Pa .
With Islamist groups taking advantage of uprisings across the Middle East , notably in Egypt , where the Muslim Brotherhood succeeded for a time in gaining power and is still widely viewed as the democratically elected government of Egypt , the publication of this richly researched book , a joint production of two leading Middle East scholars , could not be timelier . While many analysts ascribe the so-called `` Arab Spring '' to a yearning for democracy , Rubin and Schwanitz remind us of a deep and abiding connection between radical Islamism and imperial , then later , Nazi Germany .
It was Kaiser Wilhelm II who first set the template in their cynical World War I strategy of fomenting jihad among Muslim subjects in British , French , and Russian territories in the Near East and North Africa . One side-effect of this strategy was German complicity in the Armenian massacres , which could well have served as a model for Hitler 's treatment of the Jews .
Most of the book is devoted to demonstrating the close collaboration between National Socialism and Islamism , based on a common deployment of racism , nationalism , religious bigotry , and intolerance . Begun before World War II , this collaboration continued for decades after the Nazi defeat with the help of numerous war criminals who found refuge in Arab lands . The key figure in this dark saga was the British-installed Grand Mufti of Jerusalem , Hajj Amin Husseini , an eager associate of Hitler , and just as viciously anti-Semitic .
The authors contend that Husseini was themselves partly responsible for the Holocaust . It was almost immediately after their meeting with Hitler on November 28 , 1941 , at which time the Palestinian leader demanded and received the cessation of all Jewish emigration to Palestine in exchange for Muslim support for the Axis , that Hitler convoked the Wannsee Conference . Having closed the door on the last possible escape route for the Jews , genocide became the `` final solution . ''
The authors ' essential thesis is that , without Husseini 's influence , more moderate Arab voices might have prevailed over radicalism , and `` there might have been other options '' to war in 1948 : `` Once al-Husaini was allowed to re-establish themselves as unchallengeable leader of the Palestinian Arabs , this ensured that no compromise or two-state solution would be considered , while making certain that Arab leaders would be intimidated and driven to war . Al-Husaini 's and the radical legacy have continued to dominate the Palestinian national and the Islamist global movement down to the present day . ''
The failure of Husseini 's plan to expunge all Jews from Palestine led them to adapt the hitherto rejected notion of partition to their own ends . The two-stage strategy—essentially gaining a foothold in the West Bank and Gaza and using this land as a base for destroying Israel—was crafted by Husseini and passed along to their protégé Yasser Arafat .
Rubin and Schwanitz offer a compelling and somber insight into Islamism that must be taken into account when reflecting on the problems of the Middle East today , not least by thoughtful and open-minded Muslims . Sadly , Rubin did not see the finished product of collaboration with Schwanitz . They died just as their book was coming off the presses .
NDP Leader Dominic Cardy is attacking the Liberal Opposition over the province 's investment in a lottery game that 's failing to catch on .
The New Brunswick government has spent about $ 4 million on a game called GeoSweep , which was imported from the United Kingdom .
`` It seems we 've found the only lottery in the world that is n't making a profit , '' Cardy said .
The New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island governments opted into the GeoSweep investment , each contributing $ 4 million . The Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador governments did not invest in the company .
The NDP leader said the Liberals should have known about it because it was publicly documented more than a year ago .
GeoSweep is a lottery game similar to other ALC offerings , albeit with a digital — and geographical — twist .
Instead of picking numbers , players go online to pick a location on a map of Atlantic Canada . There are more than 2.3 million such locations , called Geos , up for grabs . The cost to own a Geo is $ 7.50 for 30 days , which works out to 25 cents daily .
There is one guaranteed daily prize of $ 1,000 , which is selected from Geos that are actually owned . Neighbouring Geos are eligible to share another $ 500 .
A big prize of $ 250,000 is also up for grabs every day . That draw , however , includes all Geos , whether they are occupied or not . No one has won the $ 250,000 to date .
Government accountability
They said they believe they should have used their membership on the Standing Committee on Crown corporations to demand accountability from cabinet and executives at the Atlantic Lottery Corp .
`` I have no more of an axe to grind with the Liberals than I do with the Conservatives , '' Cardy told CBC News .
`` I have a problem with a legislative system where , starting at the beginning , we have [ Finance ] Minister [ Blaine ] Higgs and the cabinet making decisions that make absolutely no sense , that we 're investing money in a lottery , rather than in health and education — things the government actually does a good job of spending money on . ''
They also questioned why the government would make such a large investment into something that would n't create New Brunswick jobs .
Opposition leader Victor Boudreau raised questions about the investment last week .
Liberal MLA Donald Arseneault , the opposition 's finance critic , shares Cardy 's concerns that the money spent on GeoSweep may have been better spent on social programs .
But they are defending their party 's efforts at holding the government to account .
`` We 've raised many issues on poverty reduction , on fracking , on senior care , and many other issues in the province of New Brunswick , '' Arseneault said .
`` There are many issues that the Liberal Opposition has been raising in the legislature and in the public 's eye .
`` So when you say that we 're not doing our job , I take big offence to that . We 're doing our job pretty good . ''
The ALC has a responsibility to be more forthcoming about sales numbers and how it plans to make GeoSweep a success , Arseneault said .
`` We have to wait and see what the numbers are . I wish they would be a little bit more open in terms of providing some of their sales numbers and how many people are buying into this program as of now to see where it 's going . And I think they have the responsibility to do that . And hopefully the premier and the minister of finance can do the same thing too . ''
Lessons to be learned
Meanwhile , Cardy says they hope the provincial government has learned its lesson .
`` Perhaps they would avoid making future ill-advised decisions and that at the 14th meeting of the Crown corporation 's committee , since this became public , that the Liberals will hold them to account and use their three seats there to really rake the Conservative government over the coals on this . ''
CBC News reported this week that GeoSweep has failed to take off in the U.K . In March , income from the game in the entire country was just 100 pounds a day , or roughly $ 160 .
Image : Yle
After a pair of popular bills , enthusiasm towards citizens ' initiatives , which became legal in March 2012 , seems to have declined .
The Open Ministry , a non-profit website , which helps with the facilitating and gathering of supporters for bills , says that activity has dropped from earlier this year , when two high profile bills were frequently in the headlines .
The first ever bill drafted by a civic movement , a proposed ban on fur farming , was brought before and rejected by the national legislature in June .
The other well-publicized proposal , calling for the legalization of same-sex marriage , was launched in March and Parliament is expected to consider the bill later this year .
Gay marriage was previously narrowly blocked at committee stage and never made it to the floor for debate and voting . The citizen 's initiative , aimed at taking the bill back to Parliament , gathered more than the 50,000 needed signatures within hours of going public .
The Open Ministry says that people might be waiting for a result in that case before drafting or signing initiatives for new bills .
Theresa May , the Home Secretary , will today introduce legislation to the Commons intended to give Britain some of the “ toughest powers in the world ” against terrorism .
The Counter-Terrorism and Security Bill , to be introduced to the Commons today , is intended to counter the threat posed by Britons who have aligned themselves to Isil .
It contains provisions intended to prevent people travelling to Syria and Iraq to fight , halt them from returning if they do , and to curb the spread of jihadist ideology .
The Home Secretary described the measures as “ considered and targeted ” .
`` We are in the middle of a generational struggle against a deadly terrorist ideology . These powers are essential to keep up with the very serious and rapidly changing threats we face , ” they said .
The measures involve :
Passport seizures at the airport
At present , the Home Secretary has to personally authorise each seizure of a passport by Royal Prerogative . Under the reform , police and border officials will be granted a power to temporarily confiscate the passport of suspected terrorists on the spot . Despite more than 500 Britons having travelled to Syria and Iraq , just 24 have had their passports seized . Under the plans , passports can be seized for up to 30 days , with the decision reviewed after two weeks by a magistrate .
Critics said the move could result in “ divisive ” ethnic profiling , like that seen under Stop and Search laws .
Preventing jihadists from returning to Britain
Under Temporary Exclusion Orders , suspected terrorists with British passports will be banned from Britain for two years , and only be able to return to Britain under “ controlled ” circumstances .
The orders will be signed off by the Home Secretary on the basis of “ reasonable suspicion of involvement in terrorist activity abroad ” .
Suspected terrorists will have their passports cancelled and placed on international “ no fly lists ” to prevent them returning to Britain .
Those that wish to return will be interviewed by police and security officials abroad , to determine whether they can be returned to Britain . Those that do return will face prosecution , restrictions on their movements or be forced to attend de-radicalisation programmes . They will be subjected to bail-like conditions and obliged to attend regular interviews with the police , and notify the authorities of movements and contact with other extremists . The orders will last for two years , and can be renewed . Attempting to return in secret will incur a five-year jail term under a new criminal offence .
The plans have been criticised by Liberty , the human rights group .
“ Dumping suspect citizens like toxic waste , abdicating your responsibilities to the international community , is a very strange way of promoting the rule of law , ” said director Shami Chakrabarti .
New obligations on airlines
Airlines will be obliged to disclose more passenger data in advance , including credit card details . Airlines that refuse to provide advance passenger lists will be banned from landing in Britain . This is the norm inside Europe , but not for the rest of the world .
Upgraded TPIMs
Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures replaced the Labour-era 's Control Orders , used to restrict the activity of suspected terrorists who had not been convicted . They effectively imposed house arrest on suspects , denied them access to the internet and phones , and could oblige them to be relocated in the UK to prevent them consorting with other extremists .
Under the 2011 TPIMs , the power of relocation was scrapped .
The effectiveness of the measures was questioned after a series of TPIM suspects absconded after removing their electronic tags and shaking off surveillance officers .
Mrs May now proposes bringing back the power to send suspects to new towns , and limit the distance they can travel .
However , a higher standard of proof will be required to impose a TPIM , upgraded from “ reasonable suspicion ” to “ the balance of probabilities ” .
Critics say the measures amount to “ internal exile ” .
An obligation to report extremism
Public bodies including colleges , schools , prisons and councils face a new legal duty to prevent people being drawn into terrorism . Universities will be obliged to draw up policies on extremist campus speakers , and prisons will have to draw up policies for dealing with radicals . The Home Office will be able to issue court orders obliging bodies to comply with directives to , for example , stop an extremist preacher from lecturing .
Channel , a government anti-radicalisation programme , will be placed on a statutory footing .
Banning ransom payments
It will be made a criminal offence for insurance companies to provide cover for terrorist ransom payments . Isil is thought to have made tens of millions of pounds from ransom payments , including some from European governments . Britain believes kidnappings can be curbed if the pay-outs end . Some insurance companies offer specialist cover for ransom payments .
Internet address matching
Internet service providers and mobile phone will be obliged to retain more information and hand it over to the authorities on request , allowing the security services to match specific IP addresses to individual computers .
A new civil liberty watchdog
A Privacy and Civil Liberties Board will support David Anderson QC , the Independent Reviewer of Terrorism Legislation , to monitor the impact of counter-terrorism legislation and act as a counter-weight to the demands of the security services for greater powers .
An Egyptian worker protests at the state-backed Egyptian Federation of Trade Unions after the fall of Hosni Mubarak . ( Hossam El-Hamalawy )
CAIRO
IPS
The fall of President Hosni Mubarak , whose ruling party banned strikes unless approved by the state-controlled labor federation , has reinvigorated Egypt 's labor movement . Workers dissatisfied with low pay , poor working conditions and corrupt management have taken to the streets to demand their economic rights .
“ Our revolution is not complete , ” says Kareem el-Beheiry , a labor activist and blogger . “ We are still under the control of the same army and government as before , and they still refuse to give us our rights . … If they ca n't fix things now , then they should tell us when , but instead they are trying to force us to stop demonstrating . ”
Dozens of strikes and sit-ins have been reported across Egypt since 9 February , two days before Mubarak relinquished power to the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . An estimated 50,000 workers are involved , including employees in the banking , transport , oil , medical and textile sectors , and various government bodies .
“ The labor unrest has actually been brewing for quite a while — at least as far back as 2006 , ” says Alia el-Mahdi , dean of the Faculty of Economics and Political Science at Cairo University . “ The January 25 Revolution has made people more involved and emboldened them to demand their rights . ”
Striking workers are demanding payment of overdue benefits , equal opportunity for advancement , and some have called for prosecution of corrupt bosses and factory owners . But the heart of the issue , according to el-Mahdi , is the glaring disparity between privileged managers and their overworked , underpaid employees — some earning less than $ 30s per month .
“ There is a deep wage gap in many institutions , ” el-Mahdi told IPS . “ The differences in pay are staggering . ”
After years of lethargy , the state-run National Council for Wages last October announced its poorly enforced decision to raise the minimum wage from the equivalent of $ 20 per month to approximately $ 70 . The wage , below the UN recognized $ 2 per day poverty line , fell far short of the $ 200 per month demanded by most labor representatives .
“ Nobody was representing the workers in these negotiations , ” says el-Beheiry .
The latest wave of labor unrest clearly worried Vice President Omar Suleiman , who issued dire warnings of an imminent heavy crackdown in an attempt to discourage civil disobedience . They were swept from office on 11 February , along with Mubarak , before they could carry out their threats .
Now it is the generals ' turn .
Still in its first week of rule , the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces urged Egyptian workers to return to work and appealed to their sense of national duty . But it stopped short of banning strikes , as many had expected it would .
“ The Armed Forces calls on honorable Egyptians to recognize that ongoing protests at this critical time will have negative consequences and damage the country 's economy , ” the military said in a communique read on state television .
“ The military is faced with a dilemma , ” explains 28-year-old Mohamed Ezzat , who was among protesters in Cairo 's Tahrir Square a week ago . “ Allow workers to strike and risk further economic deterioration ; crush the demonstrations and risk another popular uprising . ”
Many Egyptians argue that the transitional administration can not be held accountable for the policies and problems stemming from thirty years of Mubarak rule . Strikers should return to work and give the interim government a chance to address the flagging economy — provided the government agrees to continue labor negotiations .
Others disagree , charging that while the military is the de facto ruler , the cabinet hastily appointed by Mubarak before their ouster is still responsible for resolving economic issues . Solutions are known , but the government is attempting to maintain the status quo .
So far , Egypt 's military-run government has responded selectively to striking workers , bowing to demands in some sectors , while refusing to address others .
“ Labor unrest is a challenge , not just to the army , but to the government , which is trying to deal with the strikes on a piecemeal basis , ” says el-Mahdi . “ They need to have a strategy or agenda to restructure wages or else the demonstrations will only spread . ”
The strike wave has already engulfed the Nile Delta city of Mahalla al-Kubra , where more than 20,000 textile workers are demanding better pay and an investigation into alleged corruption at the factory .
The northern industrial city 's involvement is significant . It was in Mahalla al- Kubra three years ago that underpaid textile workers first explicitly equated their dire economic conditions with Mubarak 's repressive regime — and garnered solidarity from the general populace .
The two-day uprising in Mahalla al-Kubra in April 2008 was extinguished by riot police , thugs and tear gas — and finally , concessions to the workers . But it spawned the April 6 Youth Movement , which was one of the main organizers of the protests that toppled Mubarak last week .
All rights reserved , IPS — Inter Press Service ( 2011 ) . Total or partial publication , retransmission or sale forbidden .
Related Links
At the close of their Wednesday rally in North Carolina , Hillary Clinton directly responded to remarks that Donald Trump made hours earlier in a speech focused on attacking their qualifications .
“ I know Donald hates it when anyone points out how hollow their sales pitch really is , ” they said . “ I guess my speech yesterday must have gotten under their skin , because right away they lashed out on Twitter with outlandish lies and conspiracy theories and they did the same in their speech today . Now , think about it . He 's going after me personally because they have no answers on the substance . ”
They also made pointed reference to their Methodist faith , which Trump questioned in a meeting with evangelical leaders earlier this week .
“ All they can do is try to distract us , ” Clinton said . “ That 's even why he 's attacking my faith . ”
In their speech earlier the same day , Trump slammed Clinton as a “ world class liar ” who has “ virtually done nothing right ” when it comes to foreign policy . They also went after their record of supporting international trade deals , telling supporters that “ she gets rich making you poor . ”
“ We ca n't let Donald Trump bankrupt America the way they bankrupted their casinos , ” Clinton responded . “ We need to write a new chapter in the American dream , and it ca n't be Chapter 11 , ” they added , reiterating earlier comments about Trump 's record of filing for bankruptcy .
“ Donald Trump uses poor people around the world to produce their line of suits and ties , ” they said . “ It 's no surprise they do n't understand these things . ”
By Dane Carbaugh
Kobe Bryant did n't deserve to be in the NBA All-Star game in 2014 . Or in 2015 . Or in 2016 . Despite this fact , ol ' Bean was a Top 2 vote-getter in the Western Conference for their position in each of those three seasons .
Fans not draped in Forum blue and gold have continually expressed their disfavor with Bryant 's entry into the All-Star Game , fueled largely by what they represent : A missed roster spot for some of the league 's best players from darker corners of the NBA .
The fervor has reached a zenith , and it 's been suggested that fan voting be done away with altogether . But a far better solution that should be kicked around the league 's New York offices ?
An NBA All-Star game with Legacy and Rising Stars roster spots .
It 's a rather simple and elegant solution , one that combines existing league initiatives with new ones that would benefit older players . Something the NBA Players Association would appreciate , to be sure .
A “ Legacy ” position would be for players aged 32 or older . Quick and to the point , the player with the most votes beyond the age requirement would simply occupy that spot for the Eastern and Western Conference teams .
Meanwhile , the “ Rising Star ” position would be taken by a player aged 24 or younger who either A ) is selected for the Rising Stars Challenge at All-Star Weekend and has obtained All-Star votes or B ) the next closest player with All-Star votes who meets the age requirements but did not make an All-Star roster .
As is with the rest of the All-Star team , blank spots either by injury or lack of available players could be filled by the league or by coach selection .
These newly created roles would provide relief for good players having great seasons but having a difficult time finding traction due to bigger , possibly fading stars in larger markets . There is a significant precedent to adapt some kind of rule to dull the edge of All-Star snubs . Just in the Western Conference alone since 2014 , players of missed the All-Star game thanks to Bryant include Damian Lillard ( twice ) , Mike Conley and Goran Dragic .
I recently suggested that All-Star fan voting should be kept , but adapted to match TV market size in terms of weight . This would likely be done by using a formula incorporating the ratio of total positional votes to TV market size as part of a larger , more complex formula to keep players in cities like Los Angeles , Dallas , New York and San Francisco from dominating fan vote totals by sheer size and market impression .
The benefit to the league and All-Star game would be two-fold . Fans would get to see the players beginning to age out of their prime years still interacting with top players in what is supposed to be a celebratory setting . Like it or not , having aging/bad/broken/retired players getting fan votes the way Bryant and Yao Ming did for years means it 's smart business sense to keep these players around the game . With the Legacy position , the NBA could do just that .
Second , it would allow teams — likely in smaller markets — to have more of their best and upcoming players featured in the All-Star Game , a benefit not only for the fanbase but for the brands of those teams as well . We would have a more complete All-Star Game , from generation to generation , by having Rising Stars , the normal 12-man All-Star roster , and the Legacy players .
While the monetary affairs of millionaires are nothing to lose any sleep over , it would be added benefit for more players to make the All-Star Game given so many have stipulations for bonuses in their contracts for appearances . And , I 'm sure that fans would like to see their favorite guy guys get paid a little more when they 're having a good season .
Nothing that 's been suggested here would completely eliminate All-Star snubs . Even if you expanded the rosters to add the two suggested spots , you would end up with some players on the fringes of selection . That 's partially due to the of the size of an NBA basketball team . There are still too many good players in the NBA to squeeze them all into one game .
But the guys on the outskirts — the Lillards and the Kemba Walkers — are going to make it with continued good play over time . With stars both young and old moving into these additional suggested roster spots , guys rounding into form on their second contract would have a much better chance at making the squad .
While there 's been a hubbub about Bryant making the All-Star team in 2016 , it 's not as though this is a perpetual issue for the NBA . Voting anomalies like Bryant and Ming come along every few years , and with this system in place , it would be easier to soften the impact the current voting system has on their selection .
If the Legacy and Rising Star positions were added to All-Star rosters , the NBA could safeguard itself from future issues with players of that nature , as well as include fading stars and provide continuity with the other events at All-Star Weekend without insulting fan input .
Fan voting is inherently weighted toward large market players , and that 's likely where the NBA needs to focus their efforts in upcoming seasons . Adam Silver has said they will take a look at fan voting over the offseason to see where the fans play into their plan for All-Star Weekend .
The NBA is an interactive league , with its demographic set squarely with millennials . It 's unlikely they get rid of fan voting altogether , but relaxing the rules on something like roster size may help with the inherent flaws of the fan voting system .
Gatineau police were searching for a gunman after two men were shot during an argument in the Mont-Bleu neighbourhood early Thursday , prompting an hours-long standoff that ended with no shooter in custody .
Investigators examined five different crime scenes around a low-rise apartment building at 12 rue Tassé , where police suspected the shooter had holed up for several hours Thursday morning .
Police said they received several calls at around 1:15 a.m. from people who reported hearing gunshots . One witness said they heard two men arguing followed by the sound of five gunshots .
When officers arrived on scene , they found two men in their 20s suffering from injuries .
Paramedics took one man to hospital with a non-life-threatening gunshot wound to their leg . The second man 's wounds were minor . They refused treatment and was taken into custody by police .
Both men have known gang connections , police said , and neither was cooperating with the police investigation .
Amira Amin , who lives in the area , said they saw officers with flashlights chasing a suspect in the early morning . After the foot pursuit , police believed the suspect had taken refuge inside the apartment building at rue Tassé .
Gatineau police received support from the provincial Sûreté du Québec . After being camped outside the apartment building for hours with an armoured tactical unit , the SQ told press shortly before noon that no one was in the residence and the suspect was still at large .
Police would not confirm if the apartment was the suspect 's residence .
About 200 people in the area were asked to leave their homes . Some waited outside with other neighbours , watching the action . Several people were draped in blankets and tended to by the Canadian Red Cross . Many of the residents were still in their pyjamas .
By late afternoon , police had cleared the scene and were letting people back into their homes and apartments .
Philemon Wright high school and a junior high school near the scene were closed for the day because of the incident .
Amin said the incident has them worried about the safety of their two teens , who attend school in the neighbourhood . They said the low rent originally lured them to the area , but with the shooting , they said they are thinking of moving out .
Gatineau police said that residents in Mont-Bleu should n't be worried . They believe the incident was targeted and gang-related .
Police would not release a description of the suspect , nor confirm whether they believe the suspect is still armed . They were asking anyone with information about the incident to call them at 819-246-0222 .
One woman said they heard two men fighting , followed by the sound of five gunshots early Thursday morning . — Andrew Nguyen ( @ onlyandrewn ) August 28 , 2014
Another woman said that they heard gunshots early in the morning and saw officers with flashlights chasing a suspect . — Andrew Nguyen ( @ onlyandrewn ) August 28 , 2014
Most large school districts around the country allow churches to use their buildings when classes are not being held , and in 2001 , the Supreme Court ruled that religious organizations must have equal access to public school space for activities like club meetings and religious lessons . But the appeals court decision permitted the banning of worship services from schools , because , in part , they could imply government endorsement of a particular faith .
On Dec. 5 , the city announced that the congregations using public school space for services — roughly 160 last year — would have to stop doing so by Feb. 12 . And now , despite the objections , the city says it is standing firm .
“ The Department of Education is moving forward with its plans on Feb. 12 , ” said Kate O'Brien Ahlers , a spokesperson for the Law Department .
Some clergy members have also been concerned about the city 's intentions regarding churches that worship in public housing developments .
Photo
In late December , five churches received word that the short-term agreements under which they had been using community centers in public housing were no longer valid . Four pastors , including Fernando Cabrera , who is also a city councilman , responded with the protest last Thursday and were arrested for trespassing along with several other supporters .
But the New York City Housing Authority has since denied any intention of ousting the churches , and has said that worship services in public housing are permissible , said Sheila Stainback , a housing authority spokesperson , as long as the churches sign new long-term leases .
Ms. Stainback said the cancellation of the short-term leases was a bureaucratic matter , “ not at all ” related to the Bronx Household case or the Education Department policy . And Jane L. Gordon , senior counsel at the Law Department , said , “ There is absolutely no connection , and one would be misinformed to suggest there is . ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
But to the affected churches , the moves by the housing authority indicated an expanding threat to their access to public space , as well as the possibility that the city could bend under pressure . After the arrests , the situation began to draw national attention from religious groups worried that similar things could happen in their districts , said Jordan Lorence , the senior counsel for the Alliance Defense Fund , which represented Bronx Household in the litigation and had begun to prepare a case on behalf of the housing project churches .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ They ca n't use the Bronx Household case as some kind of all-purpose permission slip to banish private worship services from every public venue , ” Mr. Lorence said .
But the spirit of the worship service on Monday was not to cast blame ; in fact , much of it was dedicated to repentance , as those gathered prayed for forgiveness for any sins that may have led to the controversy .
“ If I am right , this is a spiritual problem , ” preached Sean Quinlan , a pastor at Calvary , “ and spiritual problems have spiritual solutions . ”
Some of the affected houses of worship , which are mostly small evangelical congregations , have already found new space , but others are struggling because the amount they pay to use the schools — often about $ 1,000 a month — is far lower than the cost of renting commercial space .
“ It is our consensus that this is not fair ; it is injustice , ” said SangAh Chun , 29 , a member of the New Frontier Church , a Korean-American congregation that holds three worship services at Public School 11 in Chelsea each Sunday , and that paid for air-conditioning to be installed in the building . With 700 members , it has appealed to the city for more time to relocate .
But some pastors are not fighting the city 's decision .
“ I believe in the separation of church and state , ” said James Kim , the senior pastor of Queenswest Church , whose members had been meeting at a Long Island City , Queens , high school . “ To be quite honest , I think that the church thrives when things like this happen . ”
One North Carolina town has become the latest battleground over First Amendment rights after a local school football coach was ordered to stop participating in religious activities with students .
Officials at a public high school in Mooresville , N.C. , received a letter in October from the Freedom From Religion Foundation , a national non-profit organization that protects the separation of church and state .
The Huffington Post obtained the letter from the foundation to the school . It read , `` It is a violation of the Constitution for the Mooresville High football coach to organize , lead , or participate in prayers or other religious proselytizing before , during , or after games and practices . ''
`` We request that all coach-led prayer and coach participation in any team religious activity cease immediately , '' the letter continued .
The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution says that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion . The clause has been interpreted through the years to prohibit governmental preference of one religion over another .
A spokesperson for the Mooresville schools told HuffPost on the phone Tuesday that praying occurred after football games . `` It 's actually a community thing , '' Tanae McLean said . `` People leave the stands and go down on the field . '' But McLean said the baptism happened off school property , after school hours . `` The student [ who was baptized ] had just invited some people that they felt like were a part of their life , '' McLean said .
On Twitter , supporters used the hashtag # ISupportCapps to rally behind the coach .
Please get # ISupportCapps trending guys ! They 're trying to stop my school football coach from praying ! # ISupportCapps — The Outlaw Belle ( @ BelleOutlaw ) January 31 , 2014
It 's sad that the media wants a coach to stop teaching the word of God . That 's very pathetic of all of you . # isupportcapps — Tboggs ( @ Tboggs_2 ) February 1 , 2014
There was even this tweet , from a North Carolina district attorney :
We need more role models like my friend and former coach , Hal Capps . # ISupportCapps http : //t.co/nkGndVP95U # consnc pic.twitter.com/sOYiRICkx0 — Judge Phil Berger ( @ philbergerjr ) February 4 , 2014
But it looks like the Mooresville Blue Devils ' days of praying together at games are over . McLean said school officials had spoken to Capps about not praying anymore with students . `` And they understand that , '' McLean said . `` He 's agreed to stop . ''
There 's not much to say here . Almost two weeks ago , Super Typhoon Haiyan — called Yolanda in the Philippines — made landfall , laying waste to coastal areas in Eastern Samar and Leyte provinces and leveling much of Tacloban City , a regional hub where more than 200,000 people lived before the storm . It was one of the most powerful — possibly the strongest — storms to make landfall since weather satellites became capable of measuring hurricane-force winds . Thousands are confirmed dead ; thousands more are missing . The images and stories of the storm 's aftermath stretched our imagination — it was the kind of devastation the CGI masters behind science-fiction films strive to imagine , only it was harrowing and gut-wrenching and real .
The situation remains dire , but the Philippine government and the international aid effort have managed to stabilize the storm-hit areas and begin to rebuild what can never be totally restored . And with that , some extraordinary images of otherwise ordinary , everyday life started getting passed around on social media yesterday .
It started with a moving essay by the Associated Press 's Todd Pitman , who happened across a half-court basketball game amid the ruins in Tacloban . “ The basketball goal was one of the first things this neighborhood rebuilt , ” they wrote . Before long , Twitter and Facebook were lighting up with images of Filipinos playing hoops in the wasteland , capturing the country 's intense love for the sport and its people 's awe-inspiring resilience . Photos like these have actually become a recurring meme in the wake of disasters — shots of men and boys playing ball in chest-deep floodwaters after August 's Tropical Storm Maring and 2009 's Tropical Storm Ondoy enjoyed similar viral runs through the Internet and are now imprinted in the minds of many Filipinos who remember those trying times and all the strength it took to bounce back from them .
Basketball is not going to rebuild Tacloban or Guiuan or Bantayan Island or Roxas City or any of the other towns that suffered from Yolanda 's wrath . But it will help people heal .
Yesterday 's images even caught the attention of Warriors forward Harrison Barnes , who devoted a Facebook status to the Philippines that captured the power behind these pictures in such simple and eloquent language that I think it should be the last word in this post :
We all play this game of basketball for different reasons but to see it as a form of healing in a time of need is the greatest reason I 've seen yet .
Below are a selection of basketball-related images from the aftermath of Super Typhoon Yolanda and previous storms that have affected the Philippines .
Super Typhoon Yolanda
PHOTO : Children playing basketball in the Tacloban City Astrodome compound , where temporary shelters have been built . pic.twitter.com/x1qR48f3DS — Official Gazette PH ( @ govph ) November 19 , 2013
Another post-Yolanda bball photo that I had n't seen yet . Shared on FB by RG Gonzales . Just amazing . pic.twitter.com/JJMh4zgstg — Rafe Bartholomew ( @ Rafeboogs ) November 20 , 2013
Tropical Storm Maring , August 2013
Typhoon Kabayan , August 2011
( Credit is Rolex Dela Pena/EPA )
Tropical Storm Ondoy , September 2009
“ >
As head of Barack Obama 's National Economic Council during 2009 and 2010 at the height of the foreclosure crisis , Larry Summers broke many promises to help homeowners while simultaneously dismissing Wall Street 's criminality . Now , after the Obama administration has left power and Summers has no ability to influence anything , they find themselves “ disturbed ” that settlements for mortgage misconduct are full of lies . Those of us who screamed exactly this for years , when Summers might have been able to do something about it , are less than amused .
In Wednesday 's Washington Post , Summers writes about a “ large systematic overstatement ” of the burden actually felt by banks in various mortgage settlements . Typically with these settlements , the Justice Department announces a headline dollar amount that the media uncritically prints in their headlines . But that number bears no relation to reality .
Indeed , large amounts of the settlements are directed for “ consumer relief , ” which banks have been from the beginning adept at gaming . Financial writer Yves Smith coined the phrase “ bullshit to cash ratio ” to describe the relationship between actual hard-dollar fines for banks and these noncash consumer relief measures .
Summers highlights an agreement last April , where Goldman Sachs needed to supply $ 1.8 billion in consumer relief to homeowners to settle claims that they swindled investors with mortgage-backed securities . But Goldman Sachs did n't own any mortgages . So it bought distressed mortgages in bulk on the open market , for as low as 50 cents on the dollar . Then it modified the balance to , say , 60 cents on the dollar , satisfying the consumer relief while earning profit .
In other words , Obama 's Justice Department sentenced Goldman Sachs to make money . A more recent Deutsche Bank settlement allowed the bank to invest in hedge funds that do the same purchase-and-modify loan scheme , getting credit for $ 4.1 billion in consumer relief simply from the investment . Deutsche Bank is even looking to earn credit for consumer relief by indirectly funding new subprime loans , also a moneymaking activity . This is like sentencing a bank robber to open a lemonade stand .
“ While there may have been some encouragement to principle ( sic ) reduction through these settlements , ” Summers writes , “ neither the cost to banks nor the incremental benefit to consumers is remotely comparable to the consumer relief figures advertised by both the DoJ and the banks . ”
Larry Summers should be the last person expressing outrage about any of this . It was their indifference to the suffering of homeowners after the financial crash that led to this fake justice-by-settlement scheme .
Photo : Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
The week before Obama took office in 2009 , when the incoming White House wanted the second half of the TARP bailout money released , Summers wrote a letter to Congress promising that “ the Obama administration will commit substantial resources of $ 50-100B to a sweeping effort to address the foreclosure crisis. ” They added that “ we will implement smart , aggressive policies to reduce the number of preventable foreclosures by helping to reduce mortgage payments for economically stressed but responsible homeowners , while also reforming our bankruptcy laws . ”
None of this happened . The ballyhooed $ 100 billion investment in mortgage mitigation ended up spending only $ 21 billion , and worse , was manipulated into a predatory lending program by mortgage servicers who had financial incentives to foreclose . The reform to bankruptcy laws Summers touted in their letter , which would have allowed judges to modify home mortgages , was something they actively opposed after Obama 's inauguration . Rep. Zoe Lofgren , D-Calif. , publicly alleged that Summers “ was not supportive of this , ” and that they expressed doubts in private meetings .
Summers tries to separate themselves from the Justice Department 's lies by saying , “ Because of DOJ independence , my work in the White House gave me no window into specific cases. ” But that 's completely untrue . When it was discovered that mortgage companies were using false documents to execute foreclosures , in violation of numerous legal statutes , Summers dismissed it .
As I reported in my book Chain of Title , Summers convened a presidential-level meeting about foreclosure fraud , and assured Obama that it represented no systemic threat to the economy . When Elizabeth Warren , then an assistant to the president , disagreed , laying out how it was a cover-up of a larger crime that deeply damaged homeowners , Summers made sure that Warren never showed up to subsequent meetings with the president .
The ignorance of the importance of this issue led directly to the Justice Department 's 2012 foreclosure fraud settlement , which uses the same obfuscation Summers laments in their editorial . That “ $ 25 billion ” settlement only cost banks $ 5 billion in hard dollars , the rest going to “ consumer relief. ” One million principal reductions were promised in this settlement ; in the end , they went to just 83,000 homeowners , and banks paid much of the penalty with someone else 's money .
The very scheme that Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank are using to profit off of modifying home loans was something advocates for stronger intervention in the foreclosure crisis were pleading with the Obama administration to undertake when Summers worked there . The government could have bought up distressed loans and modified them to prevent foreclosures , something accomplished during the Great Depression through the homeowner 's Loan Corporation ( HOLC ) . One million loans were purchased and modified to keep people in their homes back then , and when the program ended in the early 1950s , it had turned a small profit .
But Summers recommended nothing of the sort , turning instead to failed programs that put hardly a dent in a crisis that saw over 9.3 million American families lose their homes . And they ignored the potential leverage policymakers would have had for better outcomes for homeowners when mortgage companies were caught with massive legal exposure .
This same person now laments the public relations strategies Obama 's Justice Department used to pretend they got tough on banks , when he 's completely implicated in the policies that ruined homeowners and let banks skate . This fits a typical dynamic for Summers , waiting until they have no power to reverse themselves on policies they endorsed when in power .
You would think someone who failed so utterly on this score would be ashamed to opine on anything related to foreclosures . But shame is a rare commodity in Larry Summers 's Washington .
Still , while it 's galling that Summers waited until Obama left office to criticize their Justice Department over this , they at least honestly explained their perspective to Elizabeth Warren when they entered government :
One of the many cool features about Windows Phone 7 and Silverlight is the manipulation API , which provides super-easy access to manipulation information such as finger drags and other gestures . A basic intro post on manipulation can be found here . There are a couple of things that trip people up though , and I hope to address them in this post .
The first problem is easily stated as `` why am I not getting manipulation events ? '' You have an object setup in XAML and you have hooked up the manipulation handlers , maybe something like this :
< Border ManipulationStarted = '' BorderManipulationStarted ''
ManipulationDelta = '' BorderManipulationDelta '' >
< ! -- Stuff -- > < / Border >
You wonder why BorderManipulationStarted never gets called ... except maybe sometimes if you happen to be hovering over some content ( like a TextBlock or a Button ) when you put your finger down , in which case it works like a champ . The problem is that you do not have a Background set . Without a background , you will not get any manipulation events ( or mouse events , for that matter ! ) and they will instead go right through your element to whatever happens to be laying behind it .
The solution , of course , is to add a background . But in many cases you do n't actually want a visible background because you want the wonderful content in the background to show through . No problems ! You can set your Background to a Transparent brush and all is well ! You get to pick up manipulation events while the user gets to see the coolness below .
< Border ManipulationStarted = '' BorderManipulationStarted ''
ManipulationDelta = '' BorderManipulationDelta ''
Background = '' Transparent '' >
< ! -- Stuff -- > < / Border >
The next problem is easily stated as `` if the user begins a manipulation on a control ( like a button ) I do n't want them to get a click event . '' You have some UI that includes controls like Buttons or CheckBoxes and you want to manipulate the content without firing off clicks .
The good news is that the built-in ScrollViewer ( and hence things like ListBox ) automatically cancel the Click events for you . But any time you 're building custom UI and want to avoid this situation , you have to do the dirty work yourself . The good news is that the solution is easy , you just have to know what it is ! The cause of this problem is that controls like Button will capture the mouse ( no , not the flag ! ) in order to imitate Windows ' intriguing-but-sometimes-useful behaviour of allowing you to move in and out of a control ' bounds with the mouse down and still trigger a `` click '' if you mouse up while inside the control .
( The most useful application of this feature , at least to me , is when you are looking at a long document and want to view some text above / below without losing your cursor placement . Grab the scrollbar , move it up ( or down ) until you can see the text you want , then move the mouse away from the scrollbar and let go . If you 're lucky , the scroll will be cancelled and you 'll be right back where you left off ... although some apps with custom scroll bars do n't work like this ) .
Back to the point of the post ... if you want to cancel the Click event ( and anything else ) , you need to release the mouse capture on the element that has the capture . Unfortunately , Silverlight does n't have WPF 's Mouse.Captured property , nor does it have the UIElement.IsMouseCaptured property , so the only option is to look at all the elements from the manipulation 's OriginalSource up to the container in question and ask them all to `` let go '' ( so to speak ) .
Simple code to do this :
// Kill mouse capture on all objects from originalSource to container
void KillMouseCapture ( object originalSource , object container ) {
UIElement element = originalSource as UIElement ;
while ( element ! = null & & element ! = container ) { element.ReleaseMouseCapture ( ) ; element = VisualTreeHelper .GetParent ( element ) as UIElement ; } }
You can call this in the ManipulationDelta handler so that as soon as the user starts moving their finger , you cancel any Click , Checked , SelectionChanged , or other events that might otherwise have happened . As a performance tip , you can also set a flag to only call this for the first delta you get during each manipulation , remembering to re-set the flag when manipulation starts again !
bool firstDelta = true ;
void BorderManipulationStarted ( object sender , ManipulationStartedEventArgs e ) {
// Reset the flag so we kill capture on the first delta firstDelta = true ; }
void BorderManipulationDelta ( object sender , ManipulationDeltaEventArgs e ) {
if ( firstDelta ) KillMouseCapture ( e.OriginalSource , ContentBorder ) ;
firstDelta = false ;
// Rest of your manipulation logic }
A full sample that illustrates both these tips is attached .
TwoGestureTips.zip
Microsoft still has n't gone public with how much it plans to charge its PC maker partners ( OEMs ) or customers with Windows 10 .
But thanks to a document published on Microsoft 's OEM Partner Center site , we do know how much it is charging PC makers for Windows 8.1 on Intel-based tablets . ( And why Microsoft describes its under nine-inch screen pricing as `` zero dollars '' instead of free . )
Microsoft announced last year that it would make Windows 8.1 available for `` zero dollars '' to its OEMs for devices with screen sizes of under nine inches . Microsoft also made available a new Windows 8.1 version to its partners known as `` Windows 8.1 with Bing '' that was designed for devices with screen sizes of nine inches or more .
The Windows 8.1 with Bing SKU requires OEMs to set Bing search as the default ( though users can still change the default once they buy machines with it included ) . It also requires OEMs to use MSN as the default setting on the home page or any browser , again , with users being able to change that default if they so desire .
Microsoft officials did n't disclose the price of the Windows 8.1 with Bing SKU , and some assumed it was free . Others of us believed it was `` low cost . '' The latter is actually the case .
According to Microsoft OEM pricing information -- a screen capture of which is embedded above in this post -- Windows 8.1 with Bing is listed at $ 10 per copy for `` small '' Intel-based tablets under nine inches in screen size . But after a `` configuration discount , '' of $ 10 , OEMs get that SKU for those tablets for free . For tablets with screen sizes of smaller ( not greater , as I originally mistyped ) than or equal to 10.1 inches , the Windows 8.1 with Bing SKU is listed at $ 25 per copy , with the same $ 10 `` configuration discount , '' resulting in a $ 15 per copy cost for OEMs .
There 's another related SKU that is also meant to help stimulate the market for mobile devices running Windows . The `` Windows 8.1 with Bing and Office 365 Personal '' is another low-price SKU available to OEMs . Like the Windows with Bing SKU , this one also requires OEMs to set Bing search and MSN.com as the defaults ( changeable by users ) on new PCs . This SKU also includes a free , 12-month subscription to Office 365 Personal .
Interestingly , the prices Microsoft is charging OEMs for this SKU with Office 365 are identical to those for the Bing SKU without Office 365 , meaning Microsoft effectively is giving away a year subscription to Office 365 Personal to OEMs for free ( which OEMs are passing along for free to users ) .
The `` small '' under nine-inch tablets get this SKU for $ 10 , minus the $ 10 `` configuration discount , '' bringing the price to zero . And the 10.1 and smaller size tablets get the SKU for $ 25 , minus the $ 10 `` configuration discount , '' or $ 15 per copy .
I doubt Microsoft will be quite ready to talk Windows 10 pricing this week at its `` Windows 10 : The Next Chapter '' event on January 21 . But if the company continues along the path it set with Windows 8.1 , the company will likely continue to forego once-hefty OEM per-copy charges and hope to make up the difference with attached services , moving forward .
Apple Pulls 'The New York Times ' From Its App Store In China
Enlarge this image A user in Beijing looks at The New York Times app on an iPhone . Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images A user in Beijing looks at The New York Times app on an iPhone . Fred Dufour/AFP/Getty Images
Citing local regulations , Apple has removed The New York Times news app from its app store in China . The incident is the latest in the long history of media restrictions in the country , but also in the ongoing pattern of tech companies getting involved in the efforts .
The New York Times The Wall Street Journal and The Financial Times as well as the Times ' crossword puzzle and virtual-reality apps remain available . The New York Times reports that Apple removed both its English-language and Chinese-language apps from the app store in China on Dec. 23 , though other prominent publications such asThe Wall Street JournalandThe Financial Timesas well as theTimes'crossword puzzle and virtual-reality apps remain available .
Along with other websites , the Times has faced restrictions for years . The site has been subject of blocks Along with other websites , theTimeshas faced restrictions for years . The site has been subject of blocks since 2012 , when the newspaper reported on the wealth amassed by the family of the then-prime minister .
Apple did not explain To Thursday what distinguished the Times from other outlets . Spokesman Fred Sainz shared a statement :
`` For some time now the New York Times app has not been permitted to display content to most users in China and we have been informed that the app is in violation of local regulations . As a result , the app must be taken down off the China App Store . When this situation changes , the App Store will once again offer the New York Times app for download in China . ''
Sainz did not elaborate on what legal standard was applied to warrant the removal of the news app , but the Times Sainz did not elaborate on what legal standard was applied to warrant the removal of the news app , but theTimes suggested it was under 2016 regulations issued for mobile apps :
`` The regulations say apps can not 'engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations such as endangering national security , disrupting social order and violating the legitimate rights and interests of others . ' The cyberspace administration says on its website that apps also can not publish 'prohibited information . ''
Article continues after Article continues after sponsorship
Over the years , numerous publications have faced blackouts in China , including Time and The Economist . Users in China sometimes use software to circumvent the government 's firewall to surf the Web and access blocked sites . Over the years , numerous publications have faced blackouts in China , including Bloomberg TimeandThe Economist . Users in China sometimes use software to circumvent the government 's firewall to surf the Web and access blocked sites .
For tech companies , China is a massive , lucrative market and a major manufacturing hub , but operations there are tricky . Sites such as Facebook , Twitter and Google have been restricted . Apple 's own iBooks and iTunes Movies For tech companies , China is a massive , lucrative market and a major manufacturing hub , but operations there are tricky . Sites such as Facebook , Twitter and Google have been restricted . Apple 's own iBooks and iTunes Movies were blocked , as well , not long after they were introduced .
For Apple , China is a key production location and sales market . But iPhone sales have slumped there in recent years . In May , Apple For Apple , China is a key production location and sales market . But iPhone sales have slumped there in recent years . In May , Apple invested $ 1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing app Didi Chuxing .
The company has , in the past , removed other media apps from its App Store , but none as prominent as The Times , according to the newspaper . And it 's far from the first time that a tech company cooperated with the Chinese government to suppress content , as the industry generally complies with local regulations around the world .
In 2016 , The New York Times In 2016 , The New York Times reported that Facebook quietly developed software that could prevent posts from appearing in people 's news feeds in specific parts of China , going further than the typical practice by U.S. Internet companies to block certain content after it 's posted .
The newspaper also reported , just last month , on `` a hidden bounty of perks , tax breaks and subsidies in China that supports the world 's biggest iPhone factory '' — billions of dollars ' worth of incentives at the heart of Apple 's phone production .
In 2014 , the radio program Marketplace In 2014 , the radio program Marketplace reported on LinkedIn censoring posts from its members that were deemed sensitive by China 's government . In 2010 , Google altered how users in China could access the site as it faced possible loss of license to operate in the country .
Perhaps the most notorious case dates back to early 2000s , when Chinese authorities arrested and imprisoned dissidents , including a Chinese journalist , Perhaps the most notorious case dates back to early 2000s , when Chinese authorities arrested and imprisoned dissidents , including a Chinese journalist , based on evidence provided by Yahoo .
If you did n't know , Stereosonic has been rocking Australia the past week with massive shows all over Australia . After the traveling festival finished , Nina Las Vegas invited Skrillex to do a show with them on their Triple J radio show . They decided to bring along their friends Diplo , RL Grime , What So Not , and Carmada ( LDRU + Yahtzel ) to make it a show that you absolutely can not miss . But before they got on , Nina Las Vegas put on a fantastic genre bending hour long mix the get everyone hyped up .
After Nina kills it , Skrillex jumps in with their boy Diplo for a dope Jack U set . After that Carmada come in and play their new EP ( which was the premiere at the time ) as well as an unreleased ID remix of their first single Maybe . This is quickly followed by an epic Skrillex and RL Grime b2b set . Skrillex finishes their Triple J takeover by bringing in What So Not to go b2b2b with them and RL Grime . This has to be one of the biggest radio shows of the year so check it out as well as the tracklists for Nina Las Vegas ' mix as well as Skrillex 's Triple J takeover below .
Nina Las Vegas ' Mix
–
Skrillex Triple J Takeover
Jack Ü ( Skrillex & Diplo ) & RL Grime & What So Not & Carmada – Triple J ( JJJ ) Mixup 2014-12-06 by Diriger on Mixcloud
Tracklist for Nina Las Vegas :
Mura Masa – Lotus Eater O
Paris Suit Yourself – Wo n't K { Sophie Remix }
Rl Grime – Monsoon
Joseph Marinetti – Hentai Stud
Keys N Krates – Hypnotik ( Darq E Freaker Remix )
Drake – 0 To 100 { Lucid Bootleg }
Leftside X T.I . – Bubble [ Ball Riddim ] { Dubbel Dutch Blend }
Swick & Lewis Cancut ( Ft A-Mac , Apprentice & Slicker ) – Buff Bumper { Phat Deuce Remix }
Tommy Kruise – Ballout
Giraffage – Tell Me
Mella Dee – Helter Skelter
Brodinski – Ca n't Help Myself { Ft. Sd }
Nidia Minaj – Tarraxo Lhe Da { Air Max '97 Db Ice Remixes }
Dro Carey – Mammal Tank
Walton – Laser War
Baauer – Boog
Drippin – On A Level
Wiley – On A Level
Tracklist For Jack U :
01 . Jack U feat . Aluna George – To U [ ATLANTIC ( WARNER ) ]
02 . M.I.A . – Y.A.L.A ( Bro Safari & Valentino Khan Remix ) [ FREE/INTERSCOPE ]
03 . Major Lazer – ID
04 . OG Maco feat . 2 Chainz – U Guessed It [ QUALITY CONTROL ]
05 . Alex Metric & Oliver – Hope [ OWSLA/BIG BEAT ( ATLANTIC ) ]
06 . Skrillex feat . KillaGraham & Sam Drew – Stranger [ BIG BEAT ( ATLANTIC ) ]
07 . Sweet Pussy Pauline – Change Positions ( A cappella )
08 . Leftside – Monkey Biznizz ( Wiwek Remix ) [ MAD DECENT ]
09 . Wayne Wonder – No Letting Go [ ATLANTIC ( WARNER ) ]
10 . Jauz – Feel The Volume [ MAD DECENT ]
11 . Rae Sremmurd – No Type [ INTERSCOPE ]
12 . MUST DIE ! – Hellcat ( Habstrakt Remix ) [ NEVER SAY DIE/OWSLA ]
13 . Father feat . iLoveMakonnen & Key ! – Look At Wrist
14 . Rawtek & Funky Craig – Shaka Zulu [ RIMBU ]
15 . Eptic – Danger ( Habstrakt VIP ) [ NEVER SAY DIE ]
16 . Skrillex & Wolfgang Gartner – The Devil 's Den ( A cappella ) [ BIG BEAT ( ATLANTIC ) ]
17 . Skrillex & Kill The Noise feat . Fatman Scoop & Michael Angelakos – Recess ( Valentino Khan Remix ) [ OWSLA/BIG BEAT ( ATLANTIC ) ]
18 . Skrillex & Kill The Noise feat . Fatman Scoop & Michael Angelakos – Recess ( Ape Drums Remix ) [ OWSLA/BIG BEAT ( ATLANTIC ) ]
19 . Splurt – # OMW2SYG ( Swiggity Swooty ) [ MAD DECENT ]
20 . ID – ID
21 . Skrillex & Kill The Noise feat . Fatman Scoop & Michael Angelakos – Recess [ OWSLA/BIG BEAT ( ATLANTIC ) ]
22 . JumoDaddy – Black Horse [ PLAY ME ]
23 . LORDE – Tennis Court ( Diplo Andre Agassi Remix ) [ UNIVERSAL ]
24 . Party Favor – Bap U [ MAD DECENT ]
25 . Dillon Francis & DJ Snake – Get Low ( TrollPhace Remix ) [ MAD DECENT/COLUMBIA ( SONY ) ]
26 . ID – ID
27 . Darude – Sandstorm ( ID Remix ) [ NEO RECORDS ]
28 . Big Sean feat . E40 – IDFWY ( I Do n't Fuck With You ) [ DEF JAM ]
29 . House Of Pain – Jump Around [ TOMMY BOY ]
30 . Torro Torro – Ca $ hville [ MAD DECENT ]
31 . Duck Sauce – NRG ( Skrillex & Kill The Noise & Milo & Otis Remix ) [ FOOL 'S GOLD ]
32 . RiFF RAFF – Tip Toe Wing In My Jawwdinz ( Jauz Remix ) [ MAD DECENT ]
33 . Henry Krinkle – Stay ( Justin Martin Remix ) [ ULTRA ]
34 . Skrillex – Rock ‘ n Roll ( Will Take You To The Mountain ) [ MAU5TRAP ]
35 . Moody Good feat . Knytro – Hotplate [ MTA ]
36 . Kendrick Lamar – M.A.A.D City [ AFTERMATH ( INTERSCOPE ) ]
37 . RL Grime – Scylla [ WEDIDIT ]
38 . Diplo & Alvaro feat . Kstylis – 6th Gear ( GTA Remix ) [ MAD DECENT ]
39 . Dej Loaf – Try Me
40 . MUST DIE ! – Hellcat ( Annix Remix ) [ NEVER SAY DIE/OWSLA ]
41 . Rockwell – 1,2,3,4 [ SHOGUN ]
42 . TropKillaz – Dopeman Please [ FREE ]
43 . Big Pun feat . Donell Jones – It 's So Hard
44 . Snappy Jit feat . Jammin Joe – Hot Foot
45 . DJ Khaled feat . Ludacris & Rick Ross & T-Pain & Snoop Dogg – All I Do Is Win [ E1 MUSIC ]
46 . Skrillex feat . Diplo & G-Dragon & CL – Dirty Vibe [ OWSLA ]
47 . Skrillex feat . Diplo & G-Dragon & CL – Dirty Vibe ( Ricky Remedy Remix ) [ OWSLA ]
48 . Skrillex & What So Not feat . KLP – Goh
49 . Jack Ü feat . Kiesza – Take U There [ ATLANTIC ( WARNER ) ]
50 . Jurassic Park – Theme Song
Tracklist For Carmada :
51 . Carmada feat . Maribelle – On Fire
52 . Carmada feat . Noah Slee – Realise
53 . Carmada – Carmalude
54 . Carmada – Maybe
55 . Carmada – Maybe ( ID Remix )
56 . Crookers – Heavy [ CIAO ]
Tracklist for RL Grime b2b Skrillex :
57 . RL Grime feat . What So Not – Tell Me [ FREE ]
58 . RL Grime feat . What So Not – Tell Me ( Baauer Edit ) [ FREE ]
59 . Skrillex feat . Ragga Twins – All Is Fair In Love And Brostep [ OWSLA ]
60 . Yo Majesty – Club Action ( Smookie Illson Bootleg ) [ FREE ]
61 . RL Grime – Scylla [ WEDIDIT ]
62 . Wiz Khalifa – We Dem Boyz ( A cappella ) [ ATLANTIC ( WARNER ) ]
63 . Schoolboy Q feat . Kendrick Lamar – Collard Greens [ INTERSCOPE ]
64 . Yellow Claw & Cesqeaux feat . Kalibwoy – Legends [ DIM MAK ]
65 . Rae Sremmurd – No Type [ INTERSCOPE ]
66 . Banks – Fall Over ( Djemba Djemba Remix ) [ SELF RELEASED ]
67 . Boaz Van De Beatz – Flontie Stacks Pt . 2 [ JEFFREE 'S ( MAD DECENT ) ]
68 . Party Thieves & ATLiens – Chief
69 . YOGI feat . Pusha T – Burial ( Skrillex & TrollPhace Remix ) [ OWSLA ]
70 . RL Grime – Core ( Djemba Djemba Selassie Bootleg ) [ WEDIDIT ]
71 . TroyBoi & Flosstradamus – Soundclash
72 . Bobby Shmurda – Hot Boy
73 . Raylo And Their Dawgs – Peanut Butter Jelly Time [ SLIP N SLIDE ]
74 . Skrillex feat . Diplo & G-Dragon & CL – Dirty Vibe [ OWSLA ]
75 . A $ AP Rocky ft. Skrillex & Birdy Nam Nam – Wild For The Night [ RCA ( SONY ) ]
76 . Boaz Van De Beatz – Breakoe [ JEFFREE 'S ( MAD DECENT ) ]
77 . Boaz Van De Beatz feat . Riff Raff & Mr. Polska – Guappa
78 . RL Grime feat . Djemba Djemba – Valhalla [ WEDIDIT ]
79 . Posij – Misfits [ DIVISION ]
80 . Vince Staples – Blue Suede
81 . Bro Safari – The Drop ( MUST DIE ! Remix ) [ FREE ]
82 . ID – ID
83 . Busta Rhymes feat . Pharrell Williams & P. Diddy – Pass The Courvoisier [ J RECORDS ( RCA ) ]
84 . Skrillex feat . Ragga Twins – Ragga Bomb ( Teddy Killerz Remix ) [ OWSLA ]
Tracklist for What So Not b2b Skrillex b2b RL Grime :
85 . Chrome Sparks – Goddess ( What So Not Edit )
86 . Mr. Carmack – Rappers [ FREE ]
87 . Sage The Gemini feat . Iamsu – Gas Pedal [ REPUBLIC REC . ]
88 . Major Lazer feat . Amber Of Dirty Projectors – Get Free ( What So Not Remix ) [ FREE ]
89 . What So Not – Touched [ FREE ]
90 . Low Pros feat . Juvenile – Muscle [ FOOL 'S GOLD ]
91 . Baauer feat . Aluna George & Rae Sremmurd – One Touch [ NEST ]
92 . ID – ID
93 . Skrillex & Kill The Noise feat . Fatman Scoop & Michael Angelakos – Recess ( Ape Drums Remix ) [ OWSLA/BIG BEAT ( ATLANTIC ) ]
94 . Migos – Fight Night [ QUALITY CONTROL ]
95 . Baauer & RL Grime – Infinite Daps [ FREE ]
96 . Sage The Gemini feat . Iamsu – Gas Pedal ( A cappella ) [ REPUBLIC REC . ]
97 . Justice vs . Simian – We Are Your Friends ( A cappella ) [ ED BANGER ]
98 . High Klassified – Hyrule Kastle
99 . A $ AP Ferg feat . A $ ap Rocky , French Montana , Schoolboy Q & Trinidad – Work ( Remix )
100 . Shadow Child feat . Tymer – 23 [ FOOD MUSIC ]
101 . Doja Cat – So High
102 . Michael Jackson – Wan na be Startin ' Somethin ' [ EPIC ( SONY BMG ) ]
103 . Skrillex – Fuck That [ OWSLA ]
104 . Rick Ross feat . Kanye West & Big Sean – Sanctified [ MAYBACH MUSIC ]
105 . Baauer – Boog
106 . Boys Noize – Push Em Up ( Salva Remix ) [ BOYSNOIZE ]
107 . Gucci Mane – Lemonade [ NUMBERS ]
108 . TrollPhace feat . Harvey J – Make It Bounce
109 . Young Money feat . Drake – Trophies [ CASH MONEY ]
110 . What So Not – The Quack [ OWSLA ]
111 . TNGHT – Acrylics ( RL Grime Edit ) [ LUCKYME ]
Hunter Thompson
Listen to a 3 Hour Mix by Jack U , RL Grime , What So Not , & Carmada
A few months ago , I was told by an online media expert that , on the basis of a column of mine , they often cite me as an example of someone who does n't know how to make the best use of Twitter .
I was delighted . In common with most other new media outlets , Twitter is used mainly as a platform for corporate advertising and self-promotion ; spreading gossip , rumour and lies ; and heaping abuse upon others . Who would want to be considered as anything but inept in that sphere ?
I do n't follow the right people , according to the expert . Perhaps he 's correct . Perhaps it would be more enlightening to read what Noam Chomsky is having for their breakfast , rather than Stephen Fry . Someone I do follow-on Twitter is Piers Morgan , who , aside from being a shameless self-promoter , is extremely witty and , surprisingly , quite self-deprecating . They also like to correct the grammar of other tweeters .
It 's all very basic stuff , amounting to little more than what a dwindling number of us would have learnt before leaving primary school – such as the differences between “ were ” and “ where ” ; “ hear ” and “ here ” ; and “ there ” , their ” and “ they 're ” – but which nowadays is unlikely to have been taught to a substantial number of those making their way through university .
Twitter would serve a more useful purpose if other passably literate tweeters followed Morgan 's lead . Although they would have their work cut out , given how long it 's been since educators in Ireland and the UK considered learning the basic rules of written English to be of much importance to children .
New media takes itself very seriously indeed , except when charged with causing enormous damage to people 's lives by facilitating bullying , rumour-mongering and character assassination . Then its champions become coy and defensive . They invariably seek to downplay the role online harassment might have played in , for instance , causing someone to take their or their own life .
It is true , as the now stock defence has it , that suicide normally results from a combination of factors . However , it is ludicrous to pretend where a victim had been subjected to a campaign of online bullying and denigration that this was not the most likely reason for them or them taking their own life .
The more callous , if honest , defenders of anything-goes-on-the-internet adopt a dismissive “ if they ca n't stand the heat … ” attitude .
Arguably , politicians are fair game and , even more so , columnists and commentators ( who , unlike politicians , can air their views on whatever subject they like , without ever having to seek any kind of public endorsement ) , but the majority of people being bullied belong to neither of these groups .
They are for the most part everyday citizens who , whether they 've chosen to make use of new media or not , are entitled to protection . Those who claim a democratic right to free speech as an excuse for posting whatever they like online forget that even in the most liberal of democracies there are strict limitations on freedom of expression , and for good reason .
Having said all of that , anyone who refuses to accept that today 's new media is a portent of the future is delusional . Proof , if any were needed , is provided by newspapers such as this one , which are n't giving away free copies online as an act of charity , or because they want to appear fashionable by keeping pace with a passing trend .
Traditional news media outlets are struggling to survive ; scrabbling to find a role for themselves in an approaching new order . However , as long as the mainstream holds to its standards , it will be a long time , if ever , before it is supplanted .
For all its immediacy and modernity , aside from what conventional media itself contributes , so-called internet journalism is at a level equivalent to the Stone Age . Its main consideration is attention-grabbing , not accuracy : “ hits ” matter more than fact-checking .
It would be entirely self-defeating for established media outlets to drop to a similar level in an effort to compete for advertising . In particular , care must be taken that online comment sections are not allowed sink to the standard of Twitter .
Why should the same levels of decorum and proof required of those hoping to be published on the letters page of the print edition of a newspaper not apply to its online contributors ? Posters might well imagine that a pseudonym makes them untraceable , and therefore free to say whatever they want , but there is no reason why a newspaper should play along . Indeed , there are many reputational and legal reasons why it should not .
As long as mainstream media sticks to the basic requirements of good journalism , eventually the online citizens ' version will be forced to comply ( either that , or invent a more accurate name for itself ) . Hopefully , the correct use of English , whether written or spoken , will remain an integral part of those standards .
But we can not afford to be complacent . Only the other day , I heard a television reporter constantly use “ disinterested ” in place of “ uninterested ” , obviously believing that those two words mean the same thing .
Perhaps they should start following Piers Morgan on Twitter .
The hospital staff told the woman that unless they were paid a thousand , they would not admit them
A young woman named Roobina was forced to deliver their baby on a pavement today in Bhopal because they were not able to pay the Rs 1,000 bribes allegedly demanded at a government hospital . The baby boy died minutes after being born at 10 am.Roobina was accompanied by their husband , Ajmer Khan , when they went to the hospital this morning after going into labour . But staff there said that they wanted a thousand rupees to admit them Admission and care is meant to be free at the government-run hospital.Ajmer is a daily wage-earner and the family could not afford the bribe . Their son was born on the pavement outside the hospital . `` As we did not have the money , my wife delivered the baby on the foot path and the baby died . This has happened to us for the second time . We lost our first baby two years ago the same way at the same hospital , '' said Ajmer.After the baby died , family members had a heated argument with the hospital staff . The police was summoned to intervene.The police says a post-mortem will help determine its course of action against the hospital , whose management has denied allegations of negligence . `` When I reached the ward , the staff told me to come after half an hour as the ward was being mopped . The pain was not that intense then . This is all I remember , '' says Roobina.She claims they do not remember the hospital staff asking for a bribe , as they were unconscious . `` Since morning I have not met my husband , as I am in this ward . My first child was delivered in this hospital two years ago inside the operation theatre but they had a blood pressure problem , and died a few hours after birth , '' they say.Dr Madhuri Chandra of Sultania Zanana Hospital said , '' Its wrong for them to say not allowed inside . Yesterday , 59 people were admitted here , so why would they have had a problem admitting the 60th patient ? Roobina has told us that the ward was being mopped , and as they could not tolerate the smell , they went out as their pain was not intense . `` When we saw the woman delivering in the garden , we could not do much after their delivery . Them husband should not make vague allegations . During the delivery , at some point , I reached with the staff . We never asked for any money . Now that the matter is with the police we will also probe it internally , '' Dr Chandra said .
The Trump administration 's proposed border wall is expected to be as tall as 30 feet and no shorter than 18 feet to deter potential illegal immigrants , Homeland Security officials said Friday .
U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) has started the process of requesting bids from various companies that would include design proposals and prototypes of President Trump 's proposed barrier along the U.S.-Mexico border , the Washington Times reported .
The agency has released two proposals for contractors who want to submit a bid : a solid , concrete wall and a wall with “ a see-through component/capability . ”
“ The wall design shall be physically imposing in height , ” CBP officials said in contracting documents .
The agency said the goal is to have a 30-foot wall , but it will accept proposals as low as 18 feet .
They also said the wall must be at least six feet underground to prevent anyone from tunneling underneath it and high enough that no one can climb the wall without a ladder , NPR reports .
It should take at least an hour , and ideally more than four hours , to make a hole in the wall so agents can stop anyone attempting to break it down .
The government outlines that the wall must be able to withstand a “ sledgehammer , car jack , pick axe , chisel , battery operated impact tools , battery operated cutting tools , Oxy/acetylene torch or other similar hand-held tools . ”
In the documents , CBP says that the side facing the U.S. must also be “ aesthetically pleasing ” in “ color , anti-climb texture etc. , to be consistent with general surrounding environment. ” There was no mention of how the Mexican side should look .
About 700 companies have registered as potential vendors for the project since CBP first began weighing interest this month .
Contractors have until March 29 to submit their proposals for the first phase of the project .
At the second Democratic presidential debate , Bernie Sanders repeated a talking point about guns and `` shouting '' that helped spark a controversy over sexism . And they said it in a way that sounded like a joking , self-conscious reference to the earlier incident .
`` People all over this country — not you , Secretary Clinton — are shouting at each other '' over guns , Sanders said .
At the previous debate , during an exchange on guns , Sanders had rebuked Clinton by saying that `` all the shouting in the world '' would n't accomplish what we 'd like on gun violence . The Clinton campaign later responded to this by saying that `` when women talk , some people think we 're shouting . ''
Sanders 's callback to the `` shouting '' quote was a somewhat awkward and defensive moment that probably would have been better left unsaid . Defensiveness over Clinton 's quote helped lead to a much bigger gaffe from the campaign manager about how Hillary would make a `` great vice president . ''
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coleen Nolan has caused outrage after making a comparison between supporting gay rights and supporting the Islamic State .
The comments were made during their appearance on Loose Women yesterday while the panel with discussing the gay cake row in Northern Ireland .
Now viewers have called for the TV personality to be sacked after they made the bizarre comparison .
( Image : Rex )
Yesterday a Christian-owned bakery was found guilty of discrimination after they refused to make a cake carrying a pro-gay marriage slogan .
Speaking out in support Coleen said : `` At the end of the day , if you went in there and two days later they said , 'We do n't want to make your cakes because of our beliefs ' , you 'd just never go back to that shop and you 'd probably say to all your gay friends , 'Do n't go there , they 're anti-gay ' , and boycott it .
`` What about if somebody walked in and said I want a cake and I want the whole Islamic State on it and how I support it and how I support them killing our people . Because it 's a business , do they have to make it ? And if they turn around and say they 're not making it , we 'd all applaud it . ''
During the debate Janet Street-Porter also managed to raise eyebrows when they incorrectly claimed that gay marriage is legal in Northern Ireland .
They also said the gentleman who had placed the order had set out to ‘ test ' the law .
In response to Coleen 's comments viewers have demanded they lose their role in the panel .
One Twitter user wrote : “ Coleen Nolan . What a vile , toxic woman with vile , toxic views . Comparing gay equality to ISIS ? Needs to be sacked @ loosewomen ”
While another added : “ Coleen Nolan is so stupid & ignorant comparing gay rights to ISIS . They should be sacked . ”
We 've reached out to Coleen 's rep for comment .
See more reaction below
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed McAuliffe clarifies Clinton 's position on TPP 2:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
PHILADELPHIA -- Hours after creating a major political headache for their close friend and ally Hillary Clinton by suggesting they may support a controversial trade deal , Virginia Gov . Terry McAullife assured a group of union leaders Wednesday that they will never support the pact .
`` Hillary is against TPP and they are always gon na stay against TPP . Let me be crystal clear about that , '' McAullife told a closed-door meeting of Democratic National Convention delegates who are members of the United Steelworker union , according to a video provided to NBC News by a source in the room . AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka sat by McAullife 's side .
McAullife 's pledge came as they tried to clean up a comment they made to Politico Tuesday night . `` Yes , '' they said , Clinton could support the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal with some changes .
Clinton has spent the past year trying to convince skeptical progressives that they genuinely oppose the trade deal a dozen Pacific nations , which they praised as President Obama 's secretary of state . So the comments from someone so close to the candidate created an immediate problem and sent campaign officials scrambling .
`` I can be definitive . They are against it before the election and after the election , '' Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta said at a press conference Wednesday . `` And they are not interested in renegotiating the TPP .
McAullife , who , like President Obama , supports the TPP , did not immediately walk back their remark .
Related : 5 Things to Know About the Trans Pacific Partnership
In an interview with NBC News ' Andrea Mitchell Wednesday morning , McAullife left the door open for Clinton to one day support the deal , which is bitterly opposed by organized labor . `` She would only go forward if changes they want are implemented and everyone in agreement -- they are not going forward as it is today , '' they said .
But by Wednesday afternoon , McAullife apparently saw the need to be more definitive in stating Clinton 's opposition to deal .
The Virginia governor chaired Clinton 's 2008 presidential campaign and was given the honor of being the first speaker on the stage of the convention after Clinton was formally nominated as the party 's candidate Tuesday night .
They will also choose a temporary replacement for Clinton 's newly minted vice presidential pick , Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine , if they win in November .
McAullife 's comment created issues on both their right and left flanks . Clinton struggles with perceptions of being dishonest and taking policy positions for political reasons , so many Bernie Sanders supporters doubted the sincerity of Clinton 's stance on the TPP .
Republican nominee Donald Trump , who also opposes the TPP , knocked Clinton on the McAullife quote as well . `` Just like I have warned from the beginning , Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP , '' Trump said on Twitter .
The top House Republican on immigration matters blasted the Obama administration Friday as more reports surfaced of crimes committed by illegal immigrants , insisting more attention be paid to rounding them up .
“ How many Americans must die at the hands of unlawful criminal immigrants before the Obama administration takes a serious look at the failure of its own policies ? ” said Rep. Robert W. Goodlatte , Virginia Republican and chairperson of the House Judiciary Committee .
Recent reports have highlighted slayings with the accused being in the country illegally — including in one situation where the suspect was released under a sanctuary city policy .
The administration says it can not deport all illegal immigrants and is trying to focus its efforts on serious criminals .
Critics say that in effect means nine out of 10 illegal immigrants have no fear of being kicked out , and it leaves many bad actors in the U.S. where they may commit future crimes .
Mr. Goodlatte and Sen. Charles E. Grassley , chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee , demanded information Friday on what federal immigration officials knew of an illegal immigrant who was convicted of strangling a female co-worker and burning their body . They want to know if immigration authorities had ever encountered but released the man before the horrific crime .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Let 's talk about mobile graphics cards . As the launch of new mobile video cards is getting closer , we are seeing more and more information being published on various websites and forums . In this post we will focus on NVIDIA 's new family of GeForce GTX 10M Pascal series .
CLEVO P870DM3-G & CLEVO P870DM2-G
Starting with CLEVO . This notebook manufacturer made a mistake by posting product page few days ago . It was quickly discovered by Notebookreview forum member . So here 's what you need to know . Clevo P870DM notebooks are a hybrid between a desktop and a notebook . You get Z170 motherboard with all overclocking options enabled , but also mobile graphics cards , with specs similar or identical to desktop variants .
Right now , we know about two notebooks from Clevo , both will be equipped with two Pascal graphics cards , one will get GTX 1080 and the other GTX 1070 .
CLEVO P870DM3-G– GeForce GTX 1080 8GB SLI
CLEVO P870DM2-G — GeForce GTX 1070 8GB SLI
While the product page was already taken down , someone managed to save the manual . So here are the specs of those notebooks :
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 Specs and performance
We have already mentioned that some synthetic benchmarks of GTX 1070 ‘ Mobile ' were leaked , but this time we have some real gaming results straight from our friends over at LaptopMedia .
Let 's start with the specs , which you may find surprising , if you did n't read our previous stories . To put it short , GeForce GTX 1070 Mobile has more CUDA cores than desktop variant . What NVIDIA is trying to do here , is to reach similar performance on both platforms . Apparently it was easier to manipulate the clock speeds of 2048 CUDA core chip , rather than increasing them on cut-down part . So as a result we get more cores , but the card is clocked lower than desktop GTX 1070 .
The card still features 8GB GDDR5 memory and full 8 GHz memory clock . Even the memory bus is still 256-bit .
Now here are the benchmarks , ran with some popular games .
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 ‘ Mobile ' Gaming Performance DIRECTX 11 Tomb Raider ( 1080p , Low ) Tomb Raider ( 1080p , Medium ) Tomb Raider ( 1080p , Max ) 351 fps 245 fps 129 fps Tomb Raider ( 2160p , Low ) Tomb Raider ( 2160p , Medium ) Tomb Raider ( 2160p , Max ) 162 fps 82 fps 44 fps F1 2015 ( 1080p , Low ) F1 2015 ( 1080p , Medium ) F1 2015 ( 1080p , Max ) 128 fps 110 fps 106 fps F1 2015 ( 2160p , Low ) F1 2015 ( 2160p , Medium ) F1 2015 ( 2160p , Max ) 77 fps 57 fps 42 fps DX11 : Hitman : 2016 ( 1080p , Low ) DX11 : Hitman : 2016 ( 1080p , Medium ) DX11 : Hitman : 2016 ( 1080p , Max ) 93 fps 87 fps 75 fps DX11 : Hitman : 2016 ( 2160p , Low ) DX11 : Hitman : 2016 ( 2160p , Medium ) DX11 : Hitman : 2016 ( 2160p , Max ) 64 fps 59 fps 36 fps GTA 5 ( 1080p , Low ) GTA 5 ( 1080p , Medium ) GTA 5 ( 1080p , Max ) 140 fps 100 fps 48 fps GTA 5 ( 2160p , Low ) GTA 5 ( 2160p , Medium ) GTA 5 ( 2160p , Max ) 136 fps 54 fps 17 fps Middle-Earth : Shadow of Mordor ( 1080p , Low ) Middle-Earth : Shadow of Mordor ( 1080p , Medium ) Middle-Earth : Shadow of Mordor ( 1080p , Max ) 170 fps 151 fps 121 fps Middle-Earth : Shadow of Mordor ( 2160p , Low ) Middle-Earth : Shadow of Mordor ( 2160p , Medium ) Middle-Earth : Shadow of Mordor ( 2160p , Max ) 93 fps 66 fps 47 fps DIRECTX 12 Hitman : 2016 ( 1080p , Low ) Hitman : 2016 ( 1080p , Medium ) Hitman : 2016 ( 1080p , Max ) 109 fps 103 fps 96 fps Hitman : 2016 ( 2160p , Low ) Hitman : 2016 ( 2160p , Medium ) Hitman : 2016 ( 2160p , Max ) 62 fps 56 fps 35 fps Rise of the Tomb Raider ( 1080p , Low ) Rise of the Tomb Raider ( 1080p , Medium ) Rise of the Tomb Raider ( 1080p , Max ) 146 fps 122 fps 56 fps Rise of the Tomb Raider ( 2160p , Low ) Rise of the Tomb Raider ( 2160p , Medium ) Rise of the Tomb Raider ( 2160p , Max ) 71 fps 45 fps 14 fps
Source : LaptopMedia # 1 , LaptopMedia # 2
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 pictured
Now here ( allegedly ) is the first picture of mobile Pascal . It looks like it has 4+2 phase design . You can also notice the SLI finger at the upper left corner . The interesting addition is the power connector , which means we are definitely out of MXM specs ( 100+ W ) .
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060
But that 's not all , we also have new benchmarks of mobile GeForce GTX 1060 . Unlike GTX 1070 ‘ Mobile ' , this one has the same GPU configuration as desktop model . The clocks however are slightly lower , which puts it between GTX 980M and deskop GTX 970 in terms of performance .
Synthetic 3DMark results :
And some computing performance values :
Looks like GTX 1060 Mobile wo n't need more than 80W of power :
Source : Baidu
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
Gigabyte launches Radeon RX 470 G1 GAMING 4G Next Post
ASUS STRIX Radeon RX 460 OC Leaked
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Profile written by local expert : Andy Castillo
Resting along the banks of the Connecticut River , Springfield , Massachusetts , is located on the southern doorstep of the Pioneer Valley in Western Massachusetts , a region that 's loved by outdoorsy types for its natural beauty and abundant hiking trails .
Springfield is also the region 's economic hub and an academic center . Several companies are headquartered in the metro area , including Fortune 500 financial services firm MassMutual . Meanwhile , higher education institutions like Springfield College and Western New England University bring in college students who diversify the city 's population .
What 's more , all the various recreational and employment opportunities that Springfield offers are within easy reach of other major East Coast metro areas . Springfield is about three hours from New York City , 90 minutes from Boston and roughly 30 minutes from Hartford , Connecticut .
On Fox News last night , Sean Hannity hosted what basically amounted to a verbal holy war between Islamic Imam Anjem Choudary and Pamela Geller . Choudary repeatedly stated that Geller knew the `` consequences '' for their actions , and that the consequences for their actions are death . They say that they are n't even good enough to be called a pig . They said America was the real murderer , that all will come under sharia law , that any who insult the prophet should receive `` capital punishment . ''
This is a good time to remind our readers that people who talk about sharia in America are called conspiracy theorists , that Pamela Geller , who has been marked for death by Islam over cartoons , is the one being called `` hateful '' by our media , and that the official position of Smart People is that only a tiny few Muslims are terrorists and murderers .
As far as we know , Anjem Choudary is n't a terrorist . Using the standard the media and the President use , they would not be counted in the `` less than one percent '' of Muslims who commit acts of terror or join ISIS or kidnap girls in Africa . Yet here they are on a major news outlet telling the world , as they often do , that they believe the exact same thing as the terrorists .
Nobody is a terrorist until they are . But it is clear that support for the murder of cartoonists extends beyond just the murderers themselves . Believing that those who insult Mohammed should be put to death does not mean you are in some exclusive terrorist-only club , or that you are a member of ISIS . It is not uncommon . It is a widely shared conviction . And what 's more , it 's put into practice by people who are n't counted in that `` one percent '' we 're supposed to find insignificant .
Image copyright AP Image caption Switzerland will have to decide soon how to impose immigration quotas
The EU has suspended talks with Switzerland over its participation in EU research and education programmes because of the Swiss vote last week to curb immigration .
Switzerland 's access to millions of euros of EU funding is now at risk .
A European Commission spokesperson said the Horizon 2020 research programme and Erasmus+ student exchanges were linked to freedom of movement .
Switzerland has blocked free access to its employment market for Croatians .
Switzerland is not in the EU but more than half of its exports go to the 28-nation bloc and it has adopted large sections of EU policy .
Integration with EU
Horizon 2020 will provide nearly 80bn euros ( £65bn ; $ 110bn ) over seven years for research projects in the EU .
In the current programme Swiss participants have received more than 1.8bn euros in research grants . The first new grants are to be decided later this year .
Erasmus+ has a budget of 14.7bn euros and enables more than four million young Europeans to study and get work experience abroad .
Like most EU member states Switzerland is also in the Schengen zone , which enables citizens to cross European borders without passport checks .
When Croatia joined the EU last summer Switzerland agreed to grant Croatians the same rights as those enjoyed by other EU workers in Switzerland .
Switzerland in numbers Population : 8 million
Foreign population 23 %
Swiss citizens with immigrant background 12 %
80,000 immigrants in 2013
Unemployment rate 3.2 % ( EU 10.9 % )
But at the weekend Switzerland said the accord could not be signed `` in its current form '' , after an 8 February referendum invalidated the Swiss-EU pact on freedom of movement .
Swiss voters narrowly backed a proposal to bring back strict quotas for immigration from EU countries .
Referring to Horizon 2020 and Erasmus+ , the EU 's envoy to Switzerland , Richard Jones , said `` there is a link between these agreements and freedom of movement '' .
In a comment to the AFP news agency , EU Commission spokesperson Joe Hennon said that `` given the circumstances and in the absence of a clear political signal to do so , upcoming negotiation rounds have been postponed until Switzerland signs '' the Croatia deal .
Last month the EU Science Commissioner Maire Geoghegan-Quinn praised Switzerland for its success in winning EU research grants .
Ms Geoghegan-Quinn said Swiss research was especially strong in the areas of computer science , health , nanoscience and new production technologies .
Although the Swiss economy is booming and unemployment is low , many Swiss worries about the effects of immigration .
Geraldine Savary , a senior Swiss parliamentarian and socialist , said suspension of Swiss participation in Horizon 2020 would be a `` catastrophe '' for the country 's research , because Switzerland `` receives much more today than it puts in '' .
Speaking to the Swiss public broadcaster RTS , they said that for at least two years `` researchers wo n't be able to submit projects '' . Swiss scientists in Lausanne and Zurich participating in the EU 's Human Brain Project would be among those affected , they warned .
Ms Savary is a science specialist in the Council of States , the Swiss upper house .
Blow to Croatia
Earlier Justice Minister Simonetta Sommaruga called Croatian Foreign Minister Vesna Pusic to tell them Switzerland would not be able to sign the deal extending the right of free access to Switzerland to the EU 's newest member state .
Image copyright AP Image caption 50.3 % of Swiss voters backed the referendum to curb immigration
Ms Sommaruga also informed Brussels that the agreement needed to be re-examined , their spokesperson Philippe Schwander said .
The Swiss referendum had created a `` new constitutional disposition '' , Mr Schwander noted .
They stressed that the justice minister was seeking a `` solution '' to ensure Croatians were not being discriminated against .
Following the vote , the EU warned it would reassess its relations with Switzerland `` as a whole '' .
A quarter of Switzerland 's eight million-strong population is foreign , and last year 80,000 new immigrants arrived .
Since 2007 , most of the EU 's 500 million residents have been on an equal footing with locals in the Swiss job market - the result of a policy voted into law in a 2000 referendum .
But a coalition led by the right-wing Swiss People 's Party has pushed to reverse this deal , calling it `` a huge mistake '' .
Supporters of quotas believe free movement has put pressure on housing , health , education , and transport . They also argue that foreign workers drive salaries down .
The Swiss government and business leaders say free movement is key to Switzerland 's economic success , allowing employers to choose skilled staff from across Europe .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Minimum wage will increase to $ 15 per hour by 2020 , according to a measure signed into law Saturday by Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti that is expected to impact more than 600,000 Angelenos .
`` Today is a major victory for our city , our communities and working Angelenos across Los Angeles , '' Garcetti said in a statement announcing the signing .
The ordinance was the city 's largest anti-poverty measure , and will increase the minimum wage by $ 6 - from the current $ 9 per hour rate , according to the news release .
More than 600,000 people currently earn minimum wage in Los Angeles , 97 percent of which are 20 years or older and 60 percent being over 30 .
The wage will also aid people of color , who account for 80 percent of those earning minimum wage , as well as women who account for about half , the mayor 's office stated .
Backers of the measure hope its changes could spread across the nation , eventually aiding millions of Americans , the Los Angeles Times reported .
But people remain divided over how the wage increase will impact Los Angeles ' economy , as the conclusions of three different studies have shown stark differences in potential outcomes , the Times reported .
The mayor 's office , however , remained adamant that the city will benefit .
`` While our city 's economic health continues to roar back— we have the highest employment levels on record - too many Angelenos are still being left behind , ” Garcetti said . “ Today 's minimum wage increase addresses that gap , enabling working families in L.A. to lift themselves out of poverty and tying our minimum wage to the cost of living to make this justice last . ”
Los Angeles has always prospered when people are able to spend and put money back into the economy , the mayor said .
Garcetti signed the ordinance at Martin Luther King Jr. Park in South Los Angeles where they first launched the campaign to raise the minimum wage on Labor Day of last year .
The minimum wage was expected to be increased at businesses with more than 25 employees to $ 10.50 per hour by next year , $ 12 by 2017 , $ 13.25 by 2018 , $ 14.25 by 2019 and $ 15 by 2020 . Each increase was scheduled to be implemented on July 1 of the stated year .
Businesses with 25 or fewer employees were required to increase wages at a rate one year behind larger businesses , with a wage of $ 10.50 expected to be implemented in 2017 and annual increases thereafter until $ 15 per hour is reached in 2021 .
By 2022 , the minimum wage was expected to be increased based on the Consumer Price Index for Urban Wage Earners and Clerical Workers for the area , the mayor 's office stated .
Garcetti also signed an ordinance into law establishing the Office of Labor Standards , tasked with fighting wage theft and making sure workers are paid adequately .
A $ 500,000 budget was allotted in the 2015-16 fiscal year to fund investigations and outreach efforts .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
From Socialist Movement to… .. Momentum ?
“ Momentum exists to build on the energy and enthusiasm from the Jeremy Corbyn for Labour Leader campaign to increase participatory democracy , solidarity , and grassroots power and help Labour become the transformative governing party of the 21st century . ”
A common assumption on the Labour Left , so deep rooted that it almost never said , is that the main failure of previous Parliamentary left groupings is that they needed organisation in the country . At the back of their minds I imagine are the “ Brains Trusts ” set up up in support of Bevan 's ideas in the 1950s , the Campaign for Labour Party Democracy in the 70s and 80s , and the Socialist Movement .
If the first had problems in moblising and co-ordinating with the Parliamentary left around Aneurin Bevan and their ( dispersed ) successors , the second was and is a grass-roots body focused on labour constitutional issues ( MP re-selection ) , NEC elections , the third came closest to the Social Movement model some saw in Momentum .
The Socialist Movement grew out of the Socialist Conferences held in Chesterfield , Sheffiled and Manchester , in the years following the defeat of liners ' strike . Initiators included the Socialist Society , an organisation of left intellectuals including Raymond Williams , Richard Kuper , and Ralph Miliband , the Campaign Group , a left-wing group in the Labour Party , the Conference of Socialist Economists , and the network generated by the socialist feminist book Beyond the Fragments . The largest conferences were in 1987 and 1988 . The Socialist Movement was open to different left traditions , green as well as red , for exploratory , grassroots debate and research on socialist policy making .
A lot of water has passed under the bridge since then .
Is Momentum A Socialist Conference bis ?
Unlike the Chesterfield events , still cresting the ebbing Bennite wave , its role was not clear from the start .
Is ‘ participatory democracy ' channeled into supporting Corbyn the Labour Leader ?
That would result in the kind of ‘ left populism ' attempted by Jean Luc Mélenchon in La France Insoumise and ( in a different more democratic way ) Podemos 's Pablo Iglesias , around a rather unlikely figure , who , to their credit has always refused the role of Chief around which everything else revolves .
Or does it mean trying to work in the policy areas that the Socialist Movement tried to think out ? Given that Labour seems short of clear policies on a variety of issues – the Welfare state , a recent announcement of a group looking into Basic Income might be one sector where Momentum could contribute ?
What structures does it have for this purpose ?
Does it mean taking up issues of ‘ grassroots power ' , which many would take to imply changing the Labour Party 's present make-up with a “ movement ” that moblises on more than electoral issues ?
Or is to be a kind of super Bevanite Brain 's Trust , that Bean never managed to hook up with , that can carry Corbyn 's message from the party into the country ?
These are just some of the background issues behind the present crisis in Momentum .
The most recent Workers ' Liberty carries this exchange : A debate about Momentum ( Solidarity . 15.2.17 ) .
“ This explanation by Jon Lansman of recent events in Momentum was circulated in the Campaign for Labour Party Democracy . Since it contains nothing confidential , and is the only political explanation available from the Momentum leadership other than the article by Christine Shawcroft in Labour Briefing ( Feb 2017 ) , which we replied to last week , we reprint it here . ”
Jon Lansman .
I wanted also to counter the lies and misinformation which are widely repeated by sectarian elements on the Left who wish to turn Momentum from a broad alliance it was intended to be , seeking to maintain the broad centre-left coalition that elected Jeremy Corbyn to support their administration , democratise the party along the lines long advocated by CLPD , and help Labour win elections into a hard-Left organisation reminiscent of the LRC designed to put pressure on Jeremy from the left . There has been no “ coup ” within Momentum , though there had been an attempt over the last year by various Trotskyist and other sectarian organisations to use Momentum local groups , often at the cost of driving away non-aligned activists , as a basis for seizing control of regional networks and the former national committee of Momentum . It became very clear how wide the disparity had become between these bodies and the membership of Momentum from the survey conducted in conjunction with a pre-Christmas message from Jeremy Corbyn .
Lansman takes account of what observers have predicted for months , that a National Momentum Conference risked becoming a sectarian bear-pit ,
We could battle for two months in the run up to a planned national delegate conference narrowly foisted on the national committee — with some delegates who disagreed being forced to vote in favour in spite of having been elected by STV in order to preserve the pluralism of regional representatives , which would inevitably have undermined efforts to maximise left representation at this year 's conference , support local Momentum activists in preparing for CLP AGMs , and mobilise for by-elections and a possible early general election .
We could avoid this internal battle , by calling immediate elections for a new national body based on a new constitution reflecting the wishes of members as revealed in the survey and circulated for agreement of members in the way we would have had to do at some point anyway .
Avoiding this predictable fight was the goal .
This is something critics have to grapple with .
Lansman also notes ,
I have personally been subjected to appalling abuse to which it is difficult to respond without simply perpetuating their attempt to personalise “ blame ” for the alleged wrongs of which they unfairly accuse me . I regret that Martin [ Thomas ] has chosen to act in this way . I have worked with them within CLPD since the early 1980s . I have done so because they and their colleagues from Socialist Organiser , as their organisation was originally known , showed a genuine commitment to CLPD they never showed to the LRC or any other left organisations in which they pursued the opportunistic self-interested methods we are used to from all Trotskyist sects .
I halt at this point because there is little doubt that Jon Lansman is absolutely right to complain about the abuse .
This is how one of their leading critics , Tony Greenstein , thought by some people to be a “ genius ” described their action in promoting an on-line survey of Momentum members , all too recently ( Jon Lansman 's Xmas Punch Could Sucker Corbyn )
There is a reason that dictators have always loved plebiscites . That is because they get to choose the questions and to frame them in such a way that they get the ‘ right ' answer . Most people wo n't remember Hitler 's plebiscites on the Rhine and the Saarland but they have n't had a very good reputation ever since .
Greenstein some might say is a special case , whose vitriol is hurled at present lie at another target : Owen Jones – the Final Betrayal – Supporting Zionist Apartheid & the Jewish Labour Movement . Supporting Israeli Apartheid and the Palestinians is not compatible .
But they are far from alone .
It would take a moment 's Googling to find more abuse .
Now Alan Thomas is , from the AWL , a respected activist and writer , but their reply on this point , is not convincing ,
Jon Lansman identifies “ sectarian elements ” almost entirely with us ( “ Trotskyists ” ) , but at the same time finds these “ sectarians ” so numerous among Momentum 's 21,000 members that the clash can be resolved only by abolishing Momentum democracy . At stake here is no “ sectarianism ” of ours , but the issue of what socialism is and how it can be won . The liberation of the working class can be won only by a vivid movement where each participant is a lively contributor with them or their own ideas ; which is full of bouncy debate ; in which even the deepest prejudices and the most revered leaders are subject to question . In a new movement like Momentum , we have reasoned patiently and tactfully , rather than bloviating .
I leave to one side the claims about the AWL , often made by people with their own political – ‘ sectarian ' agenda .
The fact is that if we can define sectarians at all – a hard task – it is that they are loudmouths who are in a permanent storm of self-righteous attack .
Often they come out of the pages of William Hazlitt 's People with One Idea ,
People of the character here spoken of , that is , who tease you to death with some one idea , generally differ in their favourite notion from the rest of the world ; and indeed it is the love of distinction which is mostly at the bottom of this peculiarity . Table Talk : Essays on Men and Manners ( 1821 -22 )
Other times they are loyal simply to their faction , with no other loyalties .
Those familiar with the left could write a new essay , People with Too Many Correct Ideas…
One is always the Other Sectarian for a Sectarian… ..
But I digress…
There are many other problems about Momentum , but whether they are numerous or not , they are still loud . Shouty . And , in Greenstein 's case – I single them out for their visibility but they are far from alone – highly unpleasant .
Greenstein and another ‘ anti-Zionist ' . Gerry Downing , are very active in the Momentum Grassroots Moblising Conference .
This is what the former says , “ Lansman 's Momentum is destined for the knackers yard because without democracy you can not have a movement . ”
More simply many people do not want to become involved in a shouting match between different left groups , or , if it happens on more cordial terms , a struggle for influence .
Alan is nevertheless spot on to comment ,
Yet Momentum would have contributed more , not less , if it had actively promoted a left Remain vote , free movement across borders , opposition to Trident renewal . It would be stronger now if its national office as well as its local groups had campaigned in support of workers ' disputes like at Picturehouse , and for the NHS . It would have done better if ( as we urged ) it had organised a presence at Labour conference 2016 . It would be healthier if it had had a proper discussion on left antisemitism ( in which Jon Lansman and we would have been broadly on the same side ) , rather than trying to quell the issue administratively . All those things are not “ sectarian ” caprices , but would have happened if Momentum had been allowed to develop “ normally ” , democratically .
This is something that Lansman ignores , many people on the democratic left , and this includes the AWL agree on these policies .
We certainly need a voice for them .
Alan may equally well be often right to say ,
The new imposed constitution is out of line even with the ( heavily manipulated ) online survey over Christmas . That suggested decisions by online voting of all members . Under the new constitution , online votes can scarcely even stall office decisions in extreme cases . Real power rests with the office and with a seldom-meeting “ coordinating group ” in which only 12 out of 28 or 32 places are elected by Momentum members . 10 January was a coup . Imagine its analogue in general politics : Theresa May declares that , on the strength of a 50 % -plus-one majority got in an hour 's emailing round the Cabinet , they are abolishing Cabinet , Parliament , and an imminent general election in favour of office rule plus a future “ coordinating group ” in which elected citizens ' representatives are a minority . Or , if that 's too much , imagine the analogue in any other left movement . Despite it all , Momentum 's local groups will continue to organise , and I do n't think the panic-stricken officials can stop them .
But the real issue is not an organisational form , and behind that whether this or that factional grouping , or alliance , is competing for power in the structures .
It is what aims and functions does Momentum have beyond rallying support for Corbyn .
Nothing that 's happened so far has disproved the judgement of many left-wingers that clear goals , from ‘ think tank ' policy-formulating ( that is as a pressure group within Labour with specific ideas ) , and a hook between Labour and a variety of campaigns ( such as Stop Trump ! , or union disputes ) already have vehicles in Constituency parties , Trades Councils and other bodies .
Many of us are all in favour of Momentum finding some way out of this dispute , a modus vivendi .
But… ..
Momentum includes people like Nick Wrack who state ( RETHINKING LABOUR : MORE OF THE SAME OR CHANGE OF COURSE ? )
… it is important to recognise that there is a huge difference – a vast chasm – between what is called social democracy and socialism or communism . I use socialism and communism as synonyms for a system that is based on a complete transformation of society , breaking with the present capitalist system and the exploitation of labour to make profit . Socialism is a society based on democratic common ownership of the means of production – land , factories , transport , technology and science . It is a society based on production for social need rather than for private profit . … .. I am now of the opinion that all Marxists should , at the very least , join Momentum . We can play a key role in helping to defend Corbyn and defeating the right . Where possible , therefore , Marxists should also join Labour . This is best done as an organised group , rather than as individuals . The purpose of joining is two-fold : to strengthen the forces in defence of Corbyn and against the rightwing in Labour and the trade unions and to argue for a Marxist idea in the mass movement around Corbyn . There is no knowing how long this battle may last or what the outcome will be . Those coming into Momentum and into the Labour Party will include thousands of people who simply want change . But many will have no clear idea of what that change should be or how it can be accomplished . Marxists have to engage with the debate . What change ? How can it be achieved ? What programme is necessary ?
So what are they doing trying to join or influence a social democratic party ?
Wrack 's position , which is shared by others , is not so easy to dismiss as the notorious cranks who insult ‘ reformists ' , ‘ Zionists ' and the rest .
It is , crudely , that Momentum should be a kind of political mill pond for them to fish in to build their ‘ Marxist ' line .
Never forgetting the “ vast chasm ” that separates them from social democracy , that is a very substantial chunk of the Labour Party membership and support .
Advertisements
Driver clings to life But the 911 dispatcher ca n't find them
Share This Story Tweet Share Share Pin Email
As water filled their sinking SUV , Shanell Anderson did what anyone would do . They tried the doors . They would n't budge . They dialed 911 on their cellphone , telling the operator exactly where they are .
Anderson , 31 , was delivering newspapers near Atlanta around 4 a.m. that day in late December , so they knew the cross streets , even the ZIP code . They repeated their location over and over , but it did n't help . Because Anderson 's call was routed through the nearest cellphone tower to a neighboring county 's 911 system , the dispatcher could n't find the streets on their maps . Worse yet , the system could n't get a fix on the cellphone 's location before the call ended .
In the agonizing final seconds of the call , Anderson 's words are muffled by the sounds of pond water . The dispatcher asks for the address again , then utters , `` I lost her . ''
It took 20 minutes for rescuers to get to Anderson and pull the 31-year old suburban Atlanta woman from their car , barely alive . They died a week and a half later in the hospital . Them 911 call is one of millions that fail to give police , fire and ambulance dispatchers a quick fix on location , a technology shortfall that can leave callers like Anderson in grave danger .
“ There are times when it does n't come up at all . Every day we receive calls where we get a tower address and that 's it. ” Carl Hall , Chief of Technology at Alpharetta 's Public Safety Department .
In an era when your mobile phone can tell Facebook , Uber or even video games where you 're located – with amazing accuracy – 911 operators are often left in the dark .
Your chance of 911 getting a quick fix on location ranges from as low as 10 % to as high as 95 % , according to hundreds of pages of local , state and federal documents obtained and reviewed by USA TODAY and more than 40 Gannett newspapers and television stations across the country .
The review of 911 call records , including data for seven large states and many additional cities , shows :
In California , more than half of cellphone calls did n't transmit location to 911 from 2011 to 2013 , and it 's getting worse . Last year , about 12.4 million , or 63 % , of California 's cellphone calls to 911 did n't share location . Among the worst places : Silicon Valley . In December 2012 , precise location was shared in 10 % -37 % of the area 's emergency calls , depending on the wireless carrier .
In Colorado , 58 % of the 5.8 million cellphone-to-911 calls last year transmitted coordinates , according to data obtained from the Colorado 911 Resource Center .
In Texas , two-thirds of cellphone calls in a sample of calls from major cities – including Austin and Houston – reached 911 without an instant fix on location from 2010 through 2013 .
In the Virginia suburbs outside Washington , Fairfax County reported 25 % of cellphone calls included precise location data in 2014 , and Loudoun County said 29 % of mobile calls did over the last six months of 2014 .
Those figures are typical of what 's documented by 911 officials in hundreds of other communities , according to local , state and federal government records . There is no mandate or standard for collection or study of 911 location data . The FCC does n't collect data , and neither do some 911 centers . That makes it difficult to look at consistent statistics from state to state .
In their reports and letters to the FCC , police and fire chiefs , 911 operators , emergency room doctors and others raised concerns about the problem worsening as more calls shift to the cellphone network , which accounts for at least 70 % of all 911 calls .
`` It is now easier than ever for victims to reach 911 , but harder than ever for responders to reach them , '' said David Shoar , the sheriff in St. John 's County , Fla. , writing to the FCC in November as president of the Florida Sheriffs Association .
CLOSE In an era when your mobile phone can tell Facebook , Uber or even video games where you 're located – with amazing accuracy – 911 operators are often left in the dark .
Working on a fix But a solution is years away
The FCC and the four largest cellphone carriers say they 're doing their best to address the problem . This month , they worked together on a new federal rule that requires carriers to steadily increase the percentage of cellphone calls to 911 that transmit location data .
A dispatcher surveys their bank of monitors at the 911 call center in Alpharetta , Ga .
( Photo : Brendan Keefe , WXIA-TV )
The rules , crafted in part by the carriers , call for delivery of location data for 40 % of cellphone calls by 2017 and 80 % by 2021 . In the months spent drafting the rule , the FCC and the companies said a higher success rate is not possible sooner , indicating the current rate is below 40 % in many communities .
David Simpson , a retired rear admiral who is chief of the FCC 's Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau , acknowledged the system is not capable of solving the problem sooner . Their agency 's mission instead was `` to ensure there was a backstop of enforceable regulations that held them accountable for improving the indoor location accuracy challenge . ''
The four largest cellphone carriers declined to answer reporters ' questions . Their trade organization , CTIA The Wireless Association , said that , until recently , the cellphone-to-911 location technology being used was meant for outdoor use and simply does n't work as well indoors .
Scott Bergmann , the group 's vice president for regulatory affairs , said the cellphone companies `` stepped up '' last year to begin an aggressive effort to improve the system using new technologies , including Wi-Fi and Bluetooth , to increase the availability and the accuracy of location data from cellphone calls .
`` That 's huge , '' the FCC 's Simpson said . `` We have not had that obligation on the carriers before . ''
Bergmann said , `` The FCC 's timeframes are aggressive . '' The companies `` are hard at work with our public safety partners to improve wireless 911 calls as quickly as possible . ''
Inside the Georgia tragedy Mother of victim says it 's `` insane '' 911 could n't locate them
The delay in finding Shanell Anderson resulted from a combination of lingering problems involving cellphone calls to 911 .
First , as their car sank in Cherokee County , Anderson 's phone connected through a tower in nearby Fulton County . They were talking to a 911 dispatcher in the wrong town . The call center 's computer maps did n't show the streets Anderson kept repeating . It took minutes , and a call to another county , for emergency teams to realize what was happening , delaying firefighters ' response .
Most important , 911 never received location data from their cellphone before the line went dead .
`` There are times when it does n't come up at all , '' said Carl Hall , chief of technology at Alpharetta 's Public Safety Department . `` Every day we receive calls where we get a ( cell ) tower address , and that 's it . ''
When rescuers did arrive , they spotted the SUV 's still-burning headlights underwater . A firefighter dived in and fished Anderson from the car . Medics restarted their heart , but comatose , they never recovered .
Jacquene Curlee 's daughter died after their car was submerged in a pond and emergency responders could not find them when they called 911 from their cellphone .
( Photo : Brendan Keefe , WXIA-TV . )
`` If the phone had automatically routed to the correct jurisdiction , this very well may have had a different outcome , '' Hall said .
Technical explanations are not good enough for Jacquene Curlee , Shanell 's mother , who said it 's `` insane '' that 911 ca n't locate someone considering the capabilities of smartphones .
`` Why is it more important for a 99-cent app or Facebook to know where we are than the 911 operator who answers the call ? '' Curlee asked . `` When you have GPS , when you have apps that have locator services , you 're telling me 911 does n't have the capability to locate someone ? ''
No , it does n't , at least not for every cellphone call . Across the country , there are similarly dire cases .
In 2008 , Denise Amber Lee was kidnapped in Sarasota County , Fla. , and dialed 911 while on the floor of their assailant 's car , but the dispatcher could not get a location for their cellphone . Lee was raped and murdered before they could be found .
In 2010 , Carol Ouellet called 911 in Cortez , Colo. , as their lungs slowly filled with blood . For two minutes , the dispatcher tried to get useful information from her , but the woman could utter only a word or two . The cellphone call did n't include location data . It took the operator two hours to find the woman . By the time police got to their house , Ouellet was dead .
How a 911 call works Learning from Google and Uber
CLOSE Take a look at what really happens when you call 911 from your cell phone . While an attempt is made to get your exact location , sometimes that information is n't available to dispatchers . VPC
The 911 system was designed for landline telephones , transmitting your call and your location instantly over a hard-wired connection .
Today 's cellphone system does not automatically send location data when you dial 911 . After the call comes in , the dispatcher 's computer transmits a digital request to the cellphone network seeking the phone 's location . The data exchange can take seconds or even minutes . Sometimes , it does n't return a location at all .
The most high-tech 911 centers automate the process , digitally requesting the location every few seconds . If the system ca n't locate the device , cellphone carriers ' systems will use nearby towers to estimate . These methods sometimes do net location information later , although public records show some call centers see major gains as calls go on and others see only marginal improvement . Often , 911 calls end before that digital back-and-forth yields a specific location for emergency responders .
In short , your phone 's apps are connected directly to the GPS unit inside the phone . The 911 system relies on getting that information through a relay process , although the FCC 's Simpson said the agency wants to work with companies such as Google and Uber that have mastered location services to build a 911 app . The more immediate focus is to make continuous improvements to systems to `` close the gap between Americans ' expectations of what 911 will do for them and what it can really do . ''
The quest to make cellphone calls to 911 more useful to emergency crews began in the mid-1990s . The FCC set a deadline : Two-thirds of cellphone calls would transmit location to 911 by 2002 . That rule was written when cellphone calls were mostly made outdoors , and the industry says it can meet the goal when applied only to outdoor calls . The deadline got pushed back several times since then .
The proliferation of mobile phones means a problem impacting a tiny share of calls fast became a problem for most calls . In many homes , a cellphone is the only phone . Exponentially more calls are made indoors , creating more interference for networks trying to get a location fix .
Even when 911 does receive a location , it 's sometimes wrong . Test calls by Gannett journalists working with 911 centers in the Denver , Washington , Minneapolis and Charlotte areas resulted in calls without location data or with coordinates that were off by hundreds of feet .
Green Bay Police Chief Thomas Molitor wrote FCC Secretary Marlene Dortsch in December lobbying for fast movement on the issue , saying dispatchers and callers face enough stress during a 911 call , but public safety teams ca n't provide a solution without a location , which they have with less frequency .
`` An estimated 10,000 people each year would be saved with accurate location standards from indoor cellphone calls , '' Molitor wrote , citing an FCC estimate for the number of lives that could be saved by a one-minute reduction in emergency response times . `` Whatever hang-ups they have can not be more important than 10,000 lives . ''
Contributing : Chris Vanderveen of KUSA in Denver , Russ Ptacek and Erin Van der Bellen of WUSA in Washington , Steve Eckert of KARE in Minneapolis , Phillip Kish of WXIA in Atlanta , Thom Jensen of KXTV in Sacramento , Mike Deeson of WTSP in Tampa , Michelle Boudin of WCNC in Charlotte .
A noticeably frail-looking Hillary Clinton discussed the bombing in New York City Saturday night , hitting Donald Trump for saying the explosion resulted from a `` bomb . ''
Clinton herself , however , began their remarks by likewise referring to the `` bombings . ''
`` I 've been briefed about the bombings in New York and New Jersey , '' they told reporters .
`` Do you have any reaction to Donald Trump immediately ... referring to the explosion as a bomb ? '' a reporter asked .
`` Well I think it 's important to know the facts before responding to an incident like this , '' Clinton said . `` I think it 's always wiser to wait to until you have information for making conclusions , because we are just in the beginning stages of trying to determine what happened . ''
Transcript :
CLINTON : `` I 've been briefed about the bombings in New York and New Jersey and the attack in Minnesota . Obviously , we need to do everything we can to support our first responders . Also to pray for the victims . We have to let the investigation unfold . We 've been in touch with various officials including in the mayor 's office in New York to learn what they are discovering as they conduct this investigation and I 'll have more to say about it when we actually have the facts . ''
REPORTER : `` Secretary , do you have any reaction to the fact that Donald Trump immediately took the stage tonight , calling the explosion a 'bomb ' ? ''
CLINTON : `` Well I think it 's important to know all of the facts about an incident like this . That 's why it 's critical to support the first responders , the investigators who are looking into it , trying to figure out what did happen . I think it 's always wiser to wait to until you have information for making conclusions , because we are just in the beginning stages of trying to determine what happened . ''
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A newly elected UK Independence Party Councillor has been discovered to have posted homophobic and xenophobic comments on Facebook prior to being elected , including claims that “ most gays are heterophobic ” , and that gay people have “ no rights to marry in church ” .
Alan Jesson the UKIP County Councillor for Spalding South , made postings on their Facebook page , over several months , between November 2012 and March this year , reports Hope Not Hate .
They wrote : “ No Mosques should be entertained in this country . Islam is anti Gay [ sic ] and anti women [ sic ] . It can never be part of English culture . ”
Despite the appearance of concern for the gay community , in February , the newly elected Councillor also posted homophobic comments , saying that “ most gays are indeed Heterophobic ” , and that gay and lesbian people have no right to church marriages .
“ Gay people have no rights to marry in church as God does not recognise this action . It would just be a farce . Just because a growing number of people have had it with the Gay community does n't make them frightened of Gays in fact I believe most gays are indeed Hetrophobic [ sic ] , ” read the post .
As well as homophobic comments , they claimed that Britain will pull out of the EU “ to give full employment to British workers , ” and addressing a Polish worker in the UK , said : “ Fuck off we do n't need you sweetheart we get along just fine without you ” .
In England , the latest local election results showed the Conservatives had lost control of nine councils – with UKIP making large gains , polling an average share of 25 % . This success came in spite of a Tory Cabinet Minister dismissing UKIP as a “ collection of clowns ” .
The new energy spokesperson for the UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) in Scotland , has come under heavy criticism for saying that “ selfish ” gay people are “ deeply hostile ” to straight people , and that they are trying to “ destroy our society ” .
Could an Entire French Generation Grow Up in a State of Emergency ?
In November , after Islamic State terrorists slaughtered 130 people in Paris , French President Francois Hollande wasted no time declaring a national state of emergency . It allowed security forces to raid homes without warrants , impose curfews , and prevent large gatherings .
A week later , with the country still on edge , French lawmakers agreed to extend the state of emergency for three months , and reformed the law to allow police to search computers found in raids and easily place suspects under house arrest .
But Prime Minister Manuel Valls warned Friday that the mandate could last until the Islamic State is defeated . And that could be for years to come .
In an interview with the BBC at the Davos World Economic Forum , Valls said the war against the Islamic State could last for an entire generation , and that emergency measures could remain in place “ as long as is necessary ” and “ until we can get rid of Daesh ” — using an acronym for the extremist group .
“ As long as the threat is there we must use all means at our disposal , ” they said .
The current measures will expire in February , and French lawmakers will need to decide in coming days whether or not they will again extend the state of emergency — the first since the Algerian War . The ability to launch raids without warrants has paved the way for Hollande to take a tougher stance on terrorism after the country 's right-wing political parties accused the socialist leader of being weak on national security issues .
One reform that has been floated would strip dual citizens convicted of terrorism of their French citizenship .
Although many French citizens have favored the state of emergency , United Nations experts have urged Paris to repeal the measures unless they are going to be used specifically to target terrorists . Their concern was sparked by the fact environmental activists have also been put under house arrest , although they do not appear to be a threat to national security .
“ While exceptional measures may be required under exceptional circumstances , this does not relieve the authorities from demonstrating that these are applied solely for the purposes for which they were prescribed , and are directly related to the specific objective that inspired them , ” the group of experts wrote to the French government this week .
And last week , Council of Europe 's human rights commissioner Nils Muiznieks warned that if extended for too long , the emergency laws could threaten democracy and encourage ethnic profiling .
“ There is a risk that these measures could sap the system of democratic control , ” they said .
Photo Credit : Sylvain Lefevre/Getty Images
A high-flying Auckland real estate agent who lost their licence for speeding and drink driving claimed they would `` suffer extreme hardship '' if they could n't legally drive their luxury car for six weeks .
Ray White agent Ricky Cave had their driver 's licence suspended in April last year after being caught speeding twice and having breath alcohol in excess of the 250mcg legal limit but under 400mcg .
Cave applied for a limited licence one month into the three month suspension , claiming they could n't afford to not drive their Aston Martin Virage – as it was part of theirs `` brand '' .
SUPPLIED Cave claimed their Aston Martin Virage was essential to their `` brand '' and therefore their ability to earn money .
Taking into account Cave 's luxury sports car , five properties , and $ 300,000 annual earnings after tax , presiding Judge June Jelas declined their application .
They said that their loss of licence – for the second time – was the inevitable result of racked up charges .
Cave , in their early 30s , is in a relationship with reality TV star Chrystal Chenery a former contestant on the Bachelor NZ .
Tom Hollow Cave 's girlfriend , Chrystal Chenery , was a contestant on Dancing With the Stars in 2015 .
Described as an `` elite agent '' on their personal website , Cave 's social media accounts brim with pictures of themselves on yachts , in helicopters , on tropical holidays – and photoshopped into pictures with Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Cave told the court that being without their Aston Martin was `` a really bad look '' in the eyes of high-end clients ; it impacted their ability to work , and in turn earn the commissions that made up their income , they said .
The car , coloured Madagascar Orange and displaying R CAVE as its number plate , is a dominant feature in promotional footage of the properties Cave proffers .
BEVAN READ/FAIRFAX NZ Judge June Jelas declined Cave 's bid for a limited license at the Auckland District Court after they racked up speeding and drink driving charges .
Hiring a driver was not an option , they said , because their insurance company would not allow it . They claimed leasing another vehicle for a temporary driver to operate would be beyond their financial means .
They estimated it would cost a weekly $ 4,785 – at $ 55 an hour , 14.5 hours a day , six days a week - just to hire a driver .
Judge Jelas described Cave 's estimate as `` overstated and excessive '' .
`` It would seem most unnecessary for Mr Cave to hire someone from 6.30am simply to drive them to the office and wait for up to three hours before they head off to client meetings , '' they said .
They also noted that `` somewhat unusually '' Cave 's insurance company had n't confirmed its caveats for drivers with the court .
Cave detailed their monthly expenses in two separate affidavits , written within 11 days of each other but with the second 's tally more than double the original sum of $ 21,050 , `` well in excess of their stately monthly income of $ 25,000 '' , Judge Jelas said .
They opted to treat the expense figures `` cautiously '' as their disparity was not justified .
Cave 's biggest outflow went into mortgage repayments and running costs for their $ 1.4million Orakei home , a $ 430,000 bach in Pauanui , and three rental properties .
Maintaining both the Aston Martin and a Range Rover their mother drove was their next biggest expenditure .
`` I barely have enough savings and any extras gets put back into a property management business that has only been operating a few months , '' Cave 's second affidavit read .
Judge Jelas pointed out that since Cave `` elected to enter into a new business at a time when their licence was about to be suspended '' , they could have foreseen how a licence-less spell would impact it .
`` I am not satisfied Mr Cave will suffer extreme hardship if a limited licence is not granted , '' they said .
They highlighted that objectivity , not an offender 's self-perception , was key to reckoning the level of suffering a ruling would cause .
Cave and their licence have since been reunited , and on Saturday they refused to comment on the hardship they experienced without it .
While they are n't driving their Aston Martin to open home viewings that day , their neighbour confirmed it was still their primary vehicle .
Since 2014 , any driver with a breath alcohol reading of over 250mcg but under 400mcg is fined $ 200 and receives 50 demerit points .
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Christian Eriksen is ready to commit their future to Tottenham .
The 22-­year-­old Denmark international arrived from Ajax in August last year for £11million .
But under the management of Andre Villas-­Boas , the midfielder failed to reproduce their best form on a consistent basis .
They improved under the short tenure of Tim Sherwood , but it was the arrival of Mauricio Pochettino as manager that has been a turning point .
Under the Argentine , Eriksen has thrived and scored the crucial goal that beat Southampton two weeks ago . The hierarchy at Spurs have also been impressed with Eriksen 's form and talks about a new deal could take place before the end of the year .
MORE : 5 things we learned as Spurs went down 4-1 at Manchester City
NewsDay has an interview with James Storm , who was promoting tonight 's TNA live event at NYCB Theatre at Westbury in Long Island , NY . We would appreciate a report for the event , so if you are attending it , please send us a report by clicking here . Here are some highlights from the interview :
Their short run with the World title :
`` I can always say I was the world champion , even if it was for a week , '' they said . `` At the end of the day , I do n't want to say I do n't care about it , but my bills are still being paid without the belt . . . when I go to the bank , they do n't ask me if I 'm a champion . I still have a lot of years left in me , and the opportunity will come . It 's one of those things that you have to wait your turn . ''
Vince Russo allowing them to go off script :
`` I told him , 'If you guys want to make this as real as possible , is it OK if I just kind of put it in my own words ? ' And they were like , 'Yeah , whatever you think is going to make it best is what I want you to do . ' It 's good for a lot of guys who ca n't come up with their own material to have that script that they can go off of and read the whole thing and memorize it and all that . But for me , I just want bullet points that I can put into my own words and make it memake it true . People can spot a fake . They know when somebody 's trying too hard . ''
Jeff Jarrett :
`` To me , Jeff knows wrestling . They need somebody like that either in the production side or the creative side . . . because , let 's face it , they built this company . It was their hard work and their money that they put into it in the very beginning . I think TNA needs Jeff Jarrett , whether it be behind the scenes or in front of the camera or whatever , but they definitely need himat least for their advice on the wrestling aspect of it . ''
Chris Harris not making it in WWE :
`` I believe Chris brought it onto himself . I talked to them while they were there . Anytime you go up there , they 're going to test you , to see if you have an attitude or whatever . And I just heard they failed miserably . They had an attitude while they were up there and you ca n't do that . You just go up there and you do what they ask of you the best you can , and sooner or later , they 'll find a spot for you and do something with you . Just because they had a good run here , they expected to go up there and have a run , and that 's not so . ''
Storm also discussed starts jumping from TNA to WWE and vice versa , Michael Hayes surprising them on a plane , Road Dogg helping them with their promos and more . You can read the full interview by clicking here .
Source : NewsDay
2K has released the first in-game footage of Xcom : Enemy Unknown , the anticipated refresh of the much-loved RTS .
The clip below shows various combat gameplay and a new base , which players can customise and used to interact with characters . The game itself , developed by Firaxis , will seem quite different to those familiar with the original X-Com too . Check it out .
The reboot was originally pegged for a March 2012 release but was pushed back to the 2013 fiscal year . Seeing as that kicks off from April , the waiting for Xcom : Enemy Unknown might nor be that long .
The only real question is , just how much has the original been butchered and can the game live up to its hype ? History is n't in its favour . Gamers are well aware of what can happen when 2K gets involved with reboots of popular franchises . ®
Republican lawmakers hoping to brandish their conservative credentials were lining up Tuesday night to tweet photos of themselves with Willie Robertson , the star of the A & E reality show `` Duck Dynasty . ''
Robertson 's father Phil was temporarily suspended from the show for making anti-gay remarks in a GQ article , but then allowed back after Republicans rallied behind him . Willie Robertson is attending the State of the Union address as the guest of Rep. Vance McAllister ( R-La . ) .
Korie Robertson , Willie 's wife , also is attending , compliments of Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) . Several conservatives posted pictures of themselves with Willie Robertson and said how honored they were to meet him .
My kids are impressed I get to see one person tonight , and it 's not President Obama or Speaker Boehner . # SOTU pic.twitter.com/HfRNfjeIX3 — David Vitter ( @ DavidVitter ) January 28 , 2014
I stand with Duck Dynasty ! Chatted with Willie Robertson today . @ williebosshog pic.twitter.com/XiD6RdI3NH — Steve Stockman ( @ SteveWorks4You ) January 28 , 2014
Proud to provide my guest ticket to tonight 's SOTU to Korie Robertson . # DuckDynasty @ bosshogswife pic.twitter.com/UKSGePeHry — Lindsey Graham ( @ GrahamBlog ) January 28 , 2014
Willie Robertson in the House ( of Representatives ) ! Guest of my friend @ RepMcAllister for # SOTU @ williebosshog pic.twitter.com/fPXmPRcpKv — Rep. Jeff Duncan ( @ RepJeffDuncan ) January 28 , 2014
CORRECTION : This post has been updated to reflect it was Robertson 's father Phil who was suspended from the show .
Celtic'sÂ Kieran Tierney has said they hadÂ no doubts about signing a new deal atÂ ParkheadÂ and wished it could have beenÂ for longer .
The Scottish Premier League treble winners tied the defender to the club on Monday , with a six-year contract that will see them remain at Celtic Park until 2023 .
Since Tierney 's debut for their boyhood clubÂ in April 2015 , the 20-year-oldÂ hasÂ seen their reputationÂ grow ; Â consistent form and momentsÂ ofÂ brilliance have made the Celtic youngster , who hails from the Isle of Man , a firmÂ fans favourite .
The left-back is one of Brendan Rodgers ' main threats in attack . This season in Europe , they have one assist their name and in theÂ leagueÂ they have an assist and a goal .
Everton , Manchester United , Arsenal , Tottenham Hotspur and Liverpool have all been linked with the highly-rated Celtic defender but their interest may wane in light ofÂ Monday'sÂ announcement .
“ I hope I can stay here as long as I can , and keep playing , ” Kierney said in TheÂ Express .
â€œIÂ am in no rush to leave , everybody can see that from signing a long-term deal .
â€œI had no doubts about signing a long-term deal . I wish it was longer . Itâ€™s brilliant for me and my family . Itâ€™s a great feeling , the same as it was when I signed last year .
â€œThey donâ€™t need to give you another deal , especially when youâ€™ve got almost four years left on the one youâ€™ve got .
â€œFair play to the club , but itâ€™s good for both parties . Everyone is happy.â€
St.Â JohnstoneÂ is the destination for Tierney and co. on Saturday and another three points will cap off an excellent week for the Celtic youngster .
The Bhoys have stated the 2017-18 domestic campaign in the same fashion that they rounded off the last one and remain unbeaten in Scottish football this term .
Tierney is an undoubted leader in the Celtic ranks and could well become a Hoops legend if they stay true to their word and spends the remainder of their career at Parkhead .
Guest author Carol Broadbent is the cofounder and principal of Crowded Ocean , a Silicon Valley marketing agency . They wrote this post with cofounder Tom Hogan .
There is no single reason why employees join a specific startup . Motivations can range from the technology vision and track record of the founders to job titles and commute times . And the promise of an equity payday is always a factor .
But regardless of the initial draw , the reason why these employees stay comes down to one thing : how well they understand , contribute to , and feel a part of advancing the vision/mission of the company . That adds up to some interesting initial challenges for startup CEOs .
Be The Decider
There is no single style of leadership that translates into success for CEOs of early-stage companies . Founders can range from transparent to ultrasecretive in personality . Some create perk-rich environments while some go with spartan surroundings . Managementwise , they can be consensus-driven or top-down .
But one of the major predictors of long-term success is how decisions are made and communicated to the company . Not only are these initial decisions critical from a business and technology perspective , they establish a cultural tone at the same time .
Ask any startup employee and they or they will say that they not only want to be involved in these early decisions . More than that , due to their investments in the company—time , reduced salary , quality of life—they feel they deserve to be involved in these decisions .
That poses a conundrum for startup CEOs : Some of the people most valuable to a company in its earliest stages are also the last people you want helping you make business-critical decisions .
Do n't Hate , Participate … If You Can Afford To
Simply put , decisionmaking is n't for everyone on the startup team . There are a number of factors that a CEO has to be mindful of before they or they make that critical first major decision .
Early employees are often narrowly brilliant in their particular technical domain but are extremely limited in business acumen .
Many startups today have gone virtual , with key employees allowed to work remotely as a recruiting incentive . But even when a startup is mindful of this distance and tries to bring these employees in through videoconferencing ( and this is a distinct minority of startups we advise ) , these remote employees are rarely as involved or as knowledgeable as their on-site compatriots .
Startups are always on , always moving . It 's a pace and environment not given to deliberation or self-analysis . Making decisions is like changing a tire on a moving car—maybe it would be better to pull off the road and does it right , but who has the time ?
Aim For Inclusion , But Keep Control
Given the above considerations , how does a CEO fulfill their obligations to shareholders while establishing a decisionmaking process that creates a sense of involvement and ownership within the employee base ?
This is where things get a little cynical , where we advise our CEOs on how to open the decision process to the entire company while still maintaining ultimate control in the hands of the management team .
Here 's our four-step formula to participative decisionmaking :
Get as much diverse input as possible . It 's been proven that the more diverse your group—in background , ethnicity , and gender—the better the output . If you 're smart , you 've already got a diverse team ; now is the time to reap the benefits . Instill ownership across the entire team to motivate employee engagement . Ownership is a trait that startup leaders need to foster and reward , but only if it 's genuine . Even if a CEO is seriously top-down in their decision-making , we encourage them to find areas of genuine ownership , however narrow , for each employee . Make critical decisions with a small group of business veterans who 've been around the block . Summarize for the entire team what you 've learned in open forums with all employees . Be sure to communicate back to the company in another open forum—creating the sense that employees been active participants in the process all along . In other words , fake it 'til you make it .
Ultimately , if employees feel like their ideas are solicited and considered , and if decisions and their results are announced on a regular basis , employees will feel engaged in their startup rather than excluded from the decision process .
And once they get past the fake-it phase , we encourage our CEOs to hire professional managers who can build strong teams and move participatory decisionmaking from altruistic goal to active reality .
Photo courtesy of Zendesk
Researchers in California are staging a rally in support of animal testing after a spate of attacks by anti-vivisection groups
Scientists in California have endured a wave of attacks from animal rights activists of late .
Next month , they will be demonstrating in defence of their research and are inviting others to give their support . The rally will mirror those held by Pro-Test , an organisation that arose in Oxford after activists targeted the university .
The event will take place at the Los Angeles campus of the University of California on April 22 and coincides with a demonstration being held by anti-vivisection groups .
The Pro-Test group in Oxford has given a welcome voice to a silent majority who accept that if society wants to make progress in developing treatments for some devastating medical conditions , a certain amount of research involving animals is necessary .
World record holder for living the longest with a bullet stuck in their head dies at 103 - nearly 95 YEARS after they were shot
The man who holds the Guinness World Record for living the longest with a bullet in their head has died in Central California at age 103 .
William Lawlis Pace died in their sleep at a nursing home in Turlock on Monday .
The Modesto Bee reported that Mr Pace 's final streak is 94 years and six months with the bullet lodged in their skull .
Record holder : William Lawlis Pace lived for nearly 95 years with a bullet lodged in their skull after a shooting accident in 1917
Their older brother Marvin accidentally shot them with their father 's .22 calibre rifle in 1917 .
Neither of the brothers knew the gun was loaded as they played 'stick up , ' according to the Wichita Falls Times Record .
Mr Pace learned in 2006 that they had been crowned the world record-holder in the category of unwanted cranial ammunition acquisition .
Their son told the Bee during a birthday party for their father last year that doctors in Pace 's native Texas left the bullet in place because they feared surgery might cause brain damage .
The injury damaged one of their eyes and facial nerves , but did not prevent Mr Pace from working as a cemetery custodian .
In a 2010 interview with the Bee , Mr Pace said what surprised them the most about their more than 100 years are 'improvements in living . '
They told the paper : 'When I was born , there were no tractors , no milking machines . '
An obituary featured in the Turlock Journal said Mr Pace was known for their kindness and sense of humour .
A photo from the profile of Felix Hernandez in ESPN The Magazine . ( Photo courtesy of James Michelfelder and Therese Sommerseth ) Seattle Mariners pitcher Felix Hernandez poses for the ESPN The Magazine shoot . ( Nick Galac/ESPN ) Felix Hernandez is on the cover of ESPN The Magazine 's “ Pitching Issue. ” ( Photo courtesy of James Michelfelder and Therese Sommerseth )
Making a makeshift mound
The Mag 's photo editor , Nick Galac , was on site for the cover shoot and provided the following background ( and photos above ) : “ We were unable to shoot Felix on the field due to the timing of the game on our shoot day , so our photographer James Michelfelder [ pictured shooting in the top photo ] built a pitcher 's rubber out of wood at their father 's woodshop in Albany , N.Y. and carried it on the plane to Seattle . When they got to Seattle , they got a roll of carpet to complete the quasi-pitcher 's mound . Earlier in the day , we shot plates of Safeco Field that were later composed in post for the cover and action shots , although in the end we did not wind up running . ”
In ESPN The Magazine 's “ Pitching Issue ” – currently on newsstands – senior writer Kevin Van Valkenburg goes behind the scenes with Seattle Mariners ace Felix Hernandez on their quest to deliver their team to the playoffs – one perfect pitch at a time . In “ The Untouchable Felix Hernandez ” , Van Valkenburg follows “ King Felix ” through one of the most pressure-packed starts of their career . They provide Front Row with insight into what makes Hernandez so fascinating :
What can you share about your experience with “ King Felix ” that readers would be surprised to learn ?
Felix has an incredible memory of every pitch they throw during a game . During our interview , I asked if they could take me through each of theirs at bats with [ Los Angeles Angels slugger and 2014 American League MVP ] Mike Trout , and tell me what they were thinking as far as pitch selection . I initially thought we might sit and watch a replay of each at bat on my laptop , but Felix could remember every pitch , almost like they were watching a replay in their head . When I fact-checked them on MLB.com pitch-by-pitch sequence , they were exactly right . They could remember every changeup , and the location of every fastball .
I initially thought we might sit and watch a replay of each at bat on my laptop , but Felix could remember every pitch , almost like they were watching a replay in their head .
– ESPN The Magazine 's Kevin Van Valkenburg on Felix Hernandez
What do you hope readers take away from your piece ?
My hope is that the reader comes away feeling like I conveyed that special magic you feel in the ballpark when a great pitcher takes the mound . It 's an event . There is energy in the air . People ca n't help but lock in on Felix . Even the Angels feel it . I watched [ Angels manager ] Mike Scioscia stare at Felix for several minutes , with no runners on base , looking for ways to decode him , searching for any kind of tell . A great pitcher is magnetic .
Are there any interesting anecdotes or experiences you had while covering Hernandez for this piece ?
Felix and I talked about their son , Jeremy , a little bit after I watched them wrestling in the clubhouse . They said Jeremy is a great baseball player , but he 's a slugger , not a pitcher like their dad . One of the things Felix told me is that their mom ca n't bear to watch them pitch . They get too nervous , so even if she 's watching games on TV , she 'll change the channel when he 's on the mound .
But Felix loves watching their son just crush line drives in their little league . Later , I was hanging around in the tunnel outside the clubhouse of Safeco Field , and Jeremy and some other kids of Mariners ' players were goofing around , playing Nerf baseball and Jeremy was blasting the ball . Look out for them someday .
Oprah Winfrey found themselves in familiar controversial territory with conservatives earlier this month when they suggested in a BBC interview that much of the “ disrespect ” Americans show to President Barack Obama is due to their race . Consciously or not , Jesse Jackson made a similar statement when they appeared on The Arsenio Hall Show Friday .
When host Arsenio Hall brought up President Obama , Jackson assessed their second term by saying , “ He 's serving us well , against the most hostility an American president has ever had. ” That line drew loud applause from the Arsenio audience . “ There have been more attempts to derail their legislation than in the history of the country . ”
“ Against all the odds , ” Jackson said , including those who try to say Obama is “ not an American ” or “ not a Christian , ” the president has been able to succeed . They added that Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama have managed to maintain a level of “ dignity ” and have not “ stooped to the garbage ” tactics of their opponents . For those reasons , Jackson said , “ he deserves support . ”
Unlike Winfrey , Jackson did not explicitly blame the “ hostility ” against Obama on racism , but by invoking things like the “ birther ” movement , they did appear to be hinting in that direction . Either way , they clearly agree with Winfrey that this president faces a unique form of adversity .
Watch video below , via The Arsenio Hall Show :
[ photo via screengrab ]
— —
> > Follow Matt Wilstein ( @ TheMattWilstein ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
REGINA – Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall says the opening prayer at the province 's legislature will remain despite a recent Supreme Court ruling .
Wall says the province 's justice department does n't believe the top court 's ruling about a prayer at council meetings in Saguenay , Que . has any effect on provincial legislatures or Parliament .
The Saskatchewan prayer , which Wall has posted in a video on their Facebook page , is from the Anglican Book of Common Prayer and asks for God 's favour and help .
It also asks that their work glorifies God 's name and asks for everlasting life through God 's mercy .
In a unanimous judgment released Thursday , the Supreme Court said the reading of a Catholic prayer at council meetings in Saguenay infringes on freedom of conscience and religion .
Wall says they believe that starting the day with reflection is a good thing and they do n't see any indication that non-Christians feel excluded by it .
“ I have not had one complaint . Not one concern registered . We 're very fortunate in Saskatchewan to have seen unprecedented population growth and we 're attracting people from all over the world , ” Wall said Saturday from their home in Swift Current .
WATCH BELOW : Digging Deeper – Prayer before city council meetings
“ They all have certainly different beliefs and I 've just never heard the concern . And that 's why I do n't think there 's any particular call for it to change . ”
Regina Mayor Michael Fougere has already announced that the practice of praying before council meetings will stop . But in Oshawa , Ont. , Mayor John Henry said the judgment will not change anything in their city .
The New Brunswick legislature will begin with a prayer on Tuesday , Speaker Chris Collins said , but legislature staff are studying the ruling and will forward their findings to a committee .
Wall said the prayer has been around as long as they can remember , and is general .
They also noted that the Constitution recognizes the supremacy of God .
“ Our prayer asks for continual help . If any group of people need that help it 's elected people , politicians of the country , ” Wall said .
The Block Size Problem
I recently read an article by @ eeks titled `` Steemit is Bitcoin 's Killer App `` . I think it is a great article and contains a lot of truth in the short term . But reading it got me thinking . Bitcoin may not be able to maintain its position of gateway to the altcoin world .
The Bitcoin blockchain is currently at its maximum capacity . Fees are rising . Bitcoin supports about 300K transactions per day . This means that Bitcoin can only support 9 million people making one transaction per month . Going through an altcoin exchange requires at least 1 bitcoin transaction from an altcoin exchange to a bitcoin/fiat exchange .
Steem User Growth
Steem has the potential to grow faster and reach farther than any prior crypto . It is entirely conceivable that Steem could reach millions of people in the next year . If these people were to use Bitcoin as a gateway to buy in and/or cash out each month then it could more than saturate Bitcoin 's capacity all by itself .
Even if Bitcoin doubles its block size , the combination of existing transactions and any new transactions generated by Steem users would saturate the network . Market forces and transaction fees would cause people to bypass Bitcoin . There is no reason for Steem users to get into Bitcoin except speculation when Steem Dollars are available for savings and commerce .
Steem onboards people to Steem
The people Steem reaches that Bitcoin could n't will still have no use for most of the other cryptocurrency projects . Just because Steem is a cryptocurrency does n't make learning the value of Steem the same as learning the value of Bitcoin and other crypto projects . People want STEEM because of what it does for them . The value proposition of other cryptocurrencies remains unchanged .
In fact onboarding users through Steem may make converting them to Bitcoin even harder . It would be like onboarding someone to a high-speed bullet train and thinking that it would in turn onboard them to old school wood burning steam trains . It is easy to convert people from old trains to new trains , it just does n't work the same the other way around .
If Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies wish to benefit from Steem 's attraction of new people to cryptocurrency , then they will need to solve the scalability problem much faster than previously anticipated . Failure to scale means the market could pass them by all together .
Two actors , Brown and Warren , share a room waiting to be called to an audition . The room has a trunk in it , two chairs , and a rack of clothes , which look fluttering and feminine . The audition never happens ; the men 's story—how they came to be employed by the Long Beach Police Department to entrap men who had sex with men—is to be the performance we watch .
The roots of Tom Jacobson 's play , The Twentieth-Century Way , are true : in 1914 there really were two actors named W.H . Warren and B.C . Brown hired as “ vice specialists ” by the police— “ the first instance on record of Southern California police entrapment of homosexuals , ” as Lillian Faderman and Stuart Timmons put it in their book , Gay L.A. : A History of Sexual Outlaws , Power Politics , and Lipstick Lesbians .
Brown had delicate features , Warren was rugged ; they were hired because , write Faderman and Timmons , their looks would appeal to gay men of all tastes to come on to them in restrooms , or changing rooms of bath-houses .
The book inspired Jacobson—by day , Senior Vice President of Advancement at L.A. 's Natural History Museum—to not only imagine who these men might have been ( details of their lives are scant ) , but to imagine them at work entrapping gay men .
The two would encourage their targets to show their penises through ‘ glory holes ' between walls or stalls , after which they would score a cross on the men 's penises with a permanent marker . The men and their marked penises , indicative of their ‘ guilt , ' would then be hauled down to the police station , and the men would be prosecuted for ‘ social vagrancy . '
In the play this ugly vocation bleeds into Warren and Brown 's relationship with each other , Brown vocalizing a hive of moral and ethical quandaries about the men 's lives they are helping destroy .
Between the two men also blooms desire and , perhaps , love—but not before Warren has beaten up , confused , aroused , and humiliated Brown .
“ It 's a power play , ” Jacobson tells The Daily Beast . “ What does it mean to be a ‘ top ' ( a term meaning the active sexual partner ) socially for these men , and what happens when the ‘ bottom ' ( passive partner ) tops the top . It 's like the play says , ‘ Any time two men meet , it 's a contest . ' Maybe it 's the same for women . Men ca n't help it . They have an encounter , which is n't necessarily sexual , and decide who 's the top and who 's the bottom—with both vying to be the top . ”
Unlike its two actors , Jacobson sees the play , at its heart , as a love story between two closeted gay men . “ Who would do this as a job ? Why pay so much attention to ‘ vice ' and ‘ social vagrancy ' ? It 's the same today : I 'm never surprised when those most obsessed with homosexuality , who are the most anti-gay , turn out to be gay themselves . ”
The performances of Robert Mammana ( Warren ) and Will Bradley ( Brown ) are virtuosic : they not only play the actors , but also the victims of their entrapment who include a brave florist ( played by Mammana , the actor 's favorite character and the utter flipside to the villainous Warren ) and a gentle Scotsman played by Bradley .
At the end , Mammana and Bradley , who have played the characters for five years in different productions , eventually play themselves .
“ One of the things I 've always loved about acting is its virtuosity , ” says Jacobson . “ I love actors , and the variety of things that they can do . ”
The actors , under director Michael Michetti , switch between scenes and characters in a racing polyphony : indeed Mammana likens it to preparing for a race—the only way to rehearse and get it right was to break the play up into pieces and stitch it together .
Every night they have “ the bubbling fear ” that they will forget a line ( he says they skipped a section the night I was there , but they covered so adeptly the audience was none the wiser ) .
One night they had to clear their throat , but was concerned to do so in case it impacted the rhythm of their words , and intensity of performance .
“ The freedom of relaxation does n't exist for 92 minutes , ” they say , correctly—and that goes for the audience too . Warren 's sense of menace and threat is rumbling and ever-present ; Brown is handcuffed , stripped , molested , thrown about , and verbally abused—until the tables intriguingly turn . It 's a dazzling play about domination , submission , the closet , persecution , love , and performance in all its definitions .
Jacobson imagines Warren as sociopathic and cruel set against the more sympathetic Brown whose goodness might be the key if not to save Warren , then at least to partially redeem him . Brown is Warren 's trigger to find out who they really are , thinks Mammana , digging deeper and pushing them further .
“ I see them as a cornered animal , ” says Mammana of Warren . “ I find people like that fascinating . You 're never quite sure where you stand with them . A lot of how they behave comes from their loneliness and fear , and they will lash out at Brown or anyone . I see them as a scared little boy looking for love , and a playmate and brother . ”
Neither Mammana nor Bradley think the story is one of two closeted gay men living lives of dual torment , then tormenting others , before finding love with each other . Certainly the play suggests we are all actors of some kind in the carnival of life we participate in every day .
Both Warren and Brown seem to understand their apparent homosexuality at some points , then be in denial of it , retreat from it , or just unaware of it .
That Mammana and Bradley also play the men the actors entrap makes its own point about slippery identity , and the multitudes we contain .
The story is personal to Mammana : they were a police officer from 2002-2006 in Glendale , California . “ I did arrest people . I do n't understand the point of police work unless it 's to get your hands dirty , ” they say .
They were unaware of the history of entrapment of men who have sex with men by police . Having performed the play has made Mammana aware that while the officers may have believed in what they were doing , it was also “ morally reprehensible ” for them to do so . “ It was a really bad law , and they 're still creating bad laws today . ”
Mammana left the police , frustrated “ that you were required to have a lack of empathy to do a very difficult job . People were being sent to jail for silly things . My heart was not in it . I had to watch this revolving door of the justice system , which while not broken was very , very damaged—although I have the utmost respect for officers who do their jobs well . ”
Both Mammana and Bradley are straight , and the former says they find The Twentieth-Century Way “ larger than my sexuality and the question of my sexuality . It 's about longings , combating and controlling our fears . To me , it 's less about them being gay , and more about what is beneficial to them in that moment . The play is about truth , and accepting the truth of each other—whatever that is . ”
Fun Home , Mammana says , “ is not my story . I 'm not a lesbian cartoonist who had a father who killed themselves because they could n't come out . But it 's a really good musical that reaches out to everyone . I hope the same is true for our play—you do n't have to be like the men in the play in any way to feel for them . I may not be a gay man , but that does n't mean I ca n't understand what it is to long , love , or try and understand these men 's struggles . ”
For Bradley , while “ oppression and sexual identity is central to the play , ” they see it as a story of two different kinds of people , “ one full of hate , violence and bitterness ( Warren ) , and the other ( Bradley ) who takes all that deceit and rage and turns it into something beautiful . It 's also about the power of acting and performance . ”
“ Yes , doing this play is intense , ” they laugh . “ Robert Mammana is an ex-cop , and very good with the handcuffs . I 'm yelled at , molested , stripped , have my pants pulled down , and thrown around—even if it 's pretend it does have an effect on you . It 's impossible not to be changed every time you do it . ”
It 's also hard , even as an actor , to be beaten up and shouted at every night , says Bradley . But Bradley recalls Willem Dafoe electing to carry a heavy cross while filming The Last Temptation of Christ rather than a light one , on the basis that—as Bradley puts it— “ then you do n't have to worry about acting. ” They feel the same way about getting worked over on stage : it helps make both men 's characters seem as real as possible .
Mammana tells me they throw Bradley around at different moments to keep the element of surprise , and both men on edge and performances fresh .
Even though Bradley should have more bruises , it 's Mammana who broke their hand throwing a chair one night . Warren always wants to go further , to play harder , perform more .
But , as Mammana says , “ we do n't want you to leave the theater feeling safe and comfortable . This story really happened . It 's still happening . And it happened to the actors in front of you. ” The play ends with nudity and a moment of intimacy , and the notion that there is no more hiding—for anyone . “ It 's a complicated moment , ” says Mammana . “ The idea of Will and I are kissing one another is not something we 'd venture to do in our daily lives . But we are most absolutely our characters at that moment in the play . ”
If The Twentieth-Century Way can do anything positive it would be to remind LGBT people of their history , says Jacobson , who—fascinated by history himself—is currently working on another play centered around priests and the mysterious deaths of boys at what was L.A. 's Bimini Baths spa in the early 1900s .
“ I do n't think young people have a sense of that history , ” the playwright says . “ I hope people relate to the characters in the play across the generations . Warren and Brown are not heroes . They are heinous , but within them and the other characters , I hope people see someone like themselves . ”
The Twentieth-Century Way is at Rattlestick Playwrights Theater , 224 Waverly Place , New York , until July 19 : book online or on 866-811-4111
( Newser ) – A computer glitch led to a brief price war between two gas stations in northwest Ohio , allowing some drivers to fill their tanks for pennies per gallon , the AP reports . According to WTOL-TV , a computer malfunction dropped prices at one north Toledo gas station , and another across the street lowered its prices to stay competitive early Sunday . Customer Taylor Kline told the station they filled their empty tank at an incredible price . `` I just filled my gas tank up from dead empty for 26 cents , '' says Kline . `` That 's too funny . I already took a video , it 's already on Facebook , so yeah , hopefully we 'll see what happens . ''
The extra-low pricing lasted at least three hours before returning to normal . Ohio 's average price for a gallon of regular gas was $ 1.55 in Monday 's survey from auto club AAA , the Oil Price Information Service and WEX Inc. That 's down from $ 2.29 a year ago . The national average Monday for regular gas was $ 1.70 . ( Read more gas stations stories . )
The threat to jobs comes from the possibility the UK will leave Europe , writes Ralph Topping
©Getty Threats , accusations and insults have been levelled at some fund executives who have backed Scottish independence
S cots are a people of strong views , especially on the question of our country 's future . I have thought hard about whether to make my own opinions publicly known .
A number of business leaders have spoken out against Scottish independence . One executive in the defence industry has told this newspaper that UK officials in Westminster are making “ deft use of the dark arts ” to encourage business figures to lend support to the unionist cause . Yet many in business favour an independent Scotland . I am one of them . Our voices , too , should be heard .
The British economy is chronically unbalanced – tilted towards the southeast of England , and with too much emphasis on the financial sector to the detriment of manufacturing . An independent Scotland will remedy this structural weakness by providing a hefty counterweight . We must manufacture quality goods for export in sectors where we have a competitive advantage . A Yes vote is the first step towards setting Scotland on a sustainable economic path .
We will not be cutting ourselves off from the rest of Britain . Much will remain : the social union of family ties and friendship ; the currency union ; the defence umbrella of Nato ; the single European market ; even sporting unions , such as the British and Irish Lions , one of rugby union 's most enduring names .
All of this is in our mutual interest . But while we treasure what we have in common , Scotland must also be allowed to pursue its interests and compete in global markets on its own terms .
I have spent the past six years as chief executive of a company whose 17,000 employees work in Scotland , elsewhere in the UK and throughout the world . Businesses are accustomed to dealing with different tax systems and employment regulations in the countries in which they operate . This rarely causes real difficulties . And they know that national governments tend to collaborate where there is a mutual economic interest – indeed , they expect nothing less .
George Osborne has said there would be no currency union between Britain and an independent Scotland . Here is a Conservative chancellor of the exchequer nailing their colours to a policy that makes no business sense . This perversity will not last . Companies based outside Scotland that operate north of the border will not want to incur the cost of trading in a new currency . Westminster 's bluff will soon be called .
And there is a bigger point . Our countries ' economic fortunes will remain intertwined . The government in London will have a huge interest in a strong Scottish economy , which will be the second-largest national export market for the rest of the UK . Both London and Edinburgh will want the economies of both countries to prosper . Erecting political barriers that prevent this , as the coalition proposes , would be an act of pure spite . It will not happen . The demands of markets will prevail .
An independent Scotland will pool sovereignty on monetary policy but take control of fiscal policy . There is nothing about sharing a currency that will restrict an independent Scotland 's ability to attract jobs and investment with a competitive tax regime . I disagree with those who suggest that companies , including banks owned by the British state , will take jobs and investment elsewhere . A fiscally autonomous parliament will entice companies to make Scotland their home . With these levers in the hands of those who care most – the people who live and work here – our nation will thrive . A Yes vote offers the security that comes with knowing you are in control of the rudder , whether the waters are choppy or calm .
The real threat to jobs , capital flows and investment comes not from Scottish independence but from the very real possibility of a British exit from the European single market . Scots are uncomfortable with backward-looking isolationism . We have a long and proud history as innovative and outward-looking contributors to the world .
We should take our place as an equal member of the international community . Our choice is between two futures , both involving uncertainty . A Yes vote will give us the power to manage change . A No vote would hitch our wagon to Westminster 's erratic locomotive –
a dangerous gamble indeed .
The writer is outgoing chief executive of UK-listed bookmaker William Hill . They are writing in a personal capacity
Shopping List 1 onion : $ 0.50 3 carrots : $ 0.75
Lentils : $ 1.25 Baguette : $ 2.00 Pantry items : Olive oil , garlic , dried thyme , tomato paste , salt , pepper , red wine vinegar . Total cost ( for 4 portions ) : $ 4.50
After last week 's simple buttery pasta controversy , I hesitate to post my no-nonsense lentil soup . Nevertheless , here it is , because as far as I 'm concerned it 's really perfect December eating : healthy ( unlike party food ) , flexible ( who knows what 's left in your larder ) , relatively fast ( you 're busy ) , perfect for making in advance ( ditto ) , and warmly sustaining ( weather outside possibly frightful , etc. ) . And if you count lentils and onions as pantry items , this classic churchmouse supper costs practically nothing .
This recipe is liberally adapted from Everyday Food Great Food Fast , but I never make it the same way twice . If there is bacon around , I start by cooking a few strips of bacon , chopped , and use that fat instead of olive oil . We are cumin addicts and so usually use 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds in addition to thyme . Celery often finds its way into the pot , as do other stray vegetables . I have n't tried a Parmesan rind , but it occurs to me now that that would probably be tasty . What are your lentil soup secrets ?
( To preempt the question in the air : yes , the Bellingers do sometimes eat nothing but bread and soup for dinner . We are small and thrifty people . If your appetite demands more , you 've got $ 2.50 left over to buy whatever you need to round out the meal : another vegetable , cheese , fruit for dessert , a bottle of plonk ? )
Lentil Soup
QCon San Francisco , the 10th annual bay area software conference that attracts attendees from all over the world , returns to the Fishermen 's Wharf area of San Francisco November 7-9 , 2016 . QCon is organized by the people behind InfoQ and is dedicated to providing a platform for innovators and early adopters to tell their story in hotbeds of software development like Beijing , London , New York , São Paulo , Shanghai , San Francisco , and Tokyo .
Nearly all of last year 's QCon San Francisco talks are available on InfoQ.com ; however , here are some of the most popular :
QCon San Francisco 2016 Tracks
We are proud to announce QCon San Francisco 2016 tracks . As in the past , each track is an individually curated vertical conference dedicated to fully exploring a timely , modern software topic . Attendees can stay in individual tracks or jump between all of them .
Following the pattern of last year , QConSF offers 18 tracks across 3 full days ( 2 additional days of workshops are also available ) . This year 's tracks are :
Architectures You 've Always Wondered about
You know the names . Now learn lessons from their architectures
You know the names . Now learn lessons from their architectures Containers Everywhere
State of the art in Container deployment , management , scheduling
State of the art in Container deployment , management , scheduling Art of Relevancy & Recommendations
Lessons on the adoption of practical , real-world machine learning practices
Lessons on the adoption of practical , real-world machine learning practices DevOps & You
Lessons/stories on optimizing the deployment pipeline
Lessons/stories on optimizing the deployment pipeline Architecting for Failure
Your system will fail . Take control before it takes you with it
Your system will fail . Take control before it takes you with it Culture
Building great orgs and effective culture
Building great orgs and effective culture UX Reimagined
Bots , virtual reality , voice , and new thought processes around design . The track explores the current art of the possible in UX and lessons from early adoption
Bots , virtual reality , voice , and new thought processes around design . The track explores the current art of the possible in UX and lessons from early adoption //TODO : Security , fix this
Building security from the start . Stories , lessons , and innovations advancing the field of software security
Building security from the start . Stories , lessons , and innovations advancing the field of software security Distributed Systems War Stories
“ A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you did n't even know existed can render your own computer unusable. ” - Lamport . Lessons from the trenches
“ A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you did n't even know existed can render your own computer unusable. ” - Lamport . Lessons from the trenches Software Engineering Softskills
Great engineers do more than code . Learn their secrets and level up
Great engineers do more than code . Learn their secrets and level up Stream Processing
Stream processing , near-real time processing
Stream processing , near-real time processing Modern CS in the Real World
Applied , practical , & real-world dive into industry adoption of modern CS ideas
Applied , practical , & real-world dive into industry adoption of modern CS ideas Driving the Browser Forward
JavaScript , HTML5 , WASM , and more ... innovations targeting the browser
JavaScript , HTML5 , WASM , and more ... innovations targeting the browser Optimizing You
Keeping life in balance is a challenge . Learn lifehacks , tips , & techniques for success
Keeping life in balance is a challenge . Learn lifehacks , tips , & techniques for success Java 9 : Are You Ready for This ?
Prepping for JDK9 : Concurrency Updates , HTTP2 , Unified Logging , G1GC , Scala , Reactive , and more…
Prepping for JDK9 : Concurrency Updates , HTTP2 , Unified Logging , G1GC , Scala , Reactive , and more… Bare Metal Performance
Native languages , kernel bypass , tooling - make the most of your hardware
Native languages , kernel bypass , tooling - make the most of your hardware Big Data Meets the Cloud
Features overviews and lessons learned from companies that have implemented their Big Data use-cases in the Cloud
Features overviews and lessons learned from companies that have implemented their Big Data use-cases in the Cloud Next Generation Microservices
What will microservices look like in 3 years ? What if we could start over ?
QCon San Francisco 2016 Workshops
In addition to the three days of technical content , QCon offers two days of deep-dive workshops . This year QCon is focused on offering half-day workshops . While workshops have not yet been finalized , here are some of the early confirmations for 2016 :
Go Microservices : Peter Bourgon , Engineer @ WeaveWorks and Author of Go Kit
: Peter Bourgon , Engineer @ WeaveWorks and Author of Go Kit Git Master 's Class by Github : Michelle Tilley & Katrina Uychanco , Software Engineers @ Github
: Michelle Tilley & Katrina Uychanco , Software Engineers @ Github gRPC : Kelsey Hightower , Developer Advocate @ Google
: Kelsey Hightower , Developer Advocate @ Google Building Great Teams : Richard Kasperowski , Agile Coach and Author of Core Protocols : A Guide to Greatness
Other likely workshops will include : Spark , Kafka , Communication , CTO Training , Mobile , Red/Blue Team exercises , React/Angular , and HTTP/2 . These workshops are not your run-of-the-mill workshops . These are the topics you 'll want to learn from the people you want to learn them from .
Registration is $ 1,895 ( $ 700 off ) for the 3-day conference if you register before July 30th . Register now to receive the best rate available .
< img class= '' styles__noscript__2rw2y '' src= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/flvictims.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 '' srcset= '' https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/flvictims.jpg ? v=at & w=485 & h=273 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 400w , https : //dsx.weather.com//util/image/w/flvictims.jpg ? v=ap & w=980 & h=551 & api=7db9fe61-7414-47b5-9871-e17d87b8b6a0 800w '' > A neighbor shows a photo found in the debris of Steven and Kelli Wilson 's mobile home after they were killed by the tornado that hit Duette , Florida , on Jan. 17 , 2016 . ( Twitter/ @ lynblake ) ( Twitter/ @ lynblake )
A couple killed during the severe weather that moved through Florida in the early hours of Sunday morning have been identified , the Associated Press reports . Steven Wilson , 58 , and Kelli Wilson , 51 , died after a tornado destroyed their mobile home in Duette .
Steven , Kelli , their adult son Steven M. Wilson and their four kids were inside the house when the tornado hit . Steven was killed as the tornado ripped the mobile home apart , the AP said .
( MORE : Deadly Storms Strike Florida )
Kelli was able to emerge from the debris and helped their grandchildren escape the wreckage , according to the Bradenton Herald . They later suffered a heart attack and was taken to the hospital , where they passed , according to Sheriff Brad Steube .
The storm lifted the mobile home off of the concrete blocks it was situated on before being smashed to pieces about 100 yards away , the Herald reports .
The couple 's son was able to crawl out the wreckage to save their four children , AP reports . They are all being treated at a hospital for non-life threatening injuries .
MORE ON WEATHER.COM :
EXCLUSIVE ! We caught a rare glimpse into what George Clooney is like as we spoke to their friend and former colleague , Anna Kendrick
George Clooney may be one of ( make that the ) the hottest man in Hollywood , but looks combined with an impressive career have n't gone to their head . In fact they do the very opposite of what you 'd expect of a man with such talents .
GEORGE CLOONEY CAUGHT IN BED WITH CINDY CRAWFORD IN HILARIOUS NEW AD
When Marie Claire caught up with Anna Kendrick as they promoted their latest movie , End of Watch starring Jake Gyllenhaal they could n't escape a polite drilling about working with another very hot actor .
Anna and George Clooney first met during filming for Up in the Air and that 's where they discovered the magic behind one of the most lusted-after men .
They told us : ‘ It was really fortunate that on one of my first big movies I got to work with George Clooney they are someone who has really managed to live a real and normal life and be the same generous person in spite of the way their life is .
ANNA KENDRICK STYLE HIGHS AND LOWS
‘ That was a really lucky thing for me to see someone in that position who is so diligent about trying to just be a real person . '
Good looking and down-to-earth , now that 's a catch !
WATCH ! George Clooney on the red carpet with girlfriend Stacey Keibler
GEORGE CLOONEY CAREER IN PICTURES
Under President Obama , a record number of unauthorized immigrants have been deported from the United States . Within the country -- from state to state , city to city , police department to police department -- the enforcement of federal immigration policy also differs significantly .
A new study in the Journal of Public Administration Research looks at possible factors contributing to why some city police departments are particularly stringent on enforcing immigration law . `` Many assume that in places where the political climate runs against unauthorized immigrants — and where longer-standing community members perceive the 'threat ' of encroachment by new arrivals — there is automatically a backlash , manifest through law enforcement crackdowns . But research suggests these dynamics are often complex , '' noted the report from Arizona State University and John Jay College-CUNY .
Advertisement :
Using data from a survey of police chiefs from 237 large to medium-sized cities around the country , the study concluded that `` local political or administrative factors ( the percentage of Republican voters , the presence of a Latino chief ) '' correlated more consistently with intensive immigration law enforcement than did other factors like crime rates , unemployment rates or a recent growth in immigrant populations .
Interesting findings from the study include :
The presence of a Hispanic police chief is associated with a reduction in the intensity of enforcement of immigration-related laws .
In cities where the majority of voters are Republican and police chiefs report to the mayor and city council rather than a professional manager , there are significant increases in the level of enforcement . “ Police practices — in the form of the police enforcement score — do have a relationship with city government policy . More aggressive immigration policing is associated with a stricter city policy . ”
“ Nearly half of the city governments have sent no clear policy signal regarding immigration policing to their police department ( according to the chief ) , ” the data suggest . “ This means that departments in such cities are necessarily devising their own strategies for how to deal with possible unauthorized immigrants or — if there are no departmental guidelines — are leaving decisions about such interactions to street-level decisions by officers . ”
“ Contrary to the threat hypothesis , the rate of increase in the local proportion of immigrants , all else equal , is not associated with our measures of city policy or police practices . And in fact , cities with high shares of immigrants in the population tend to experience less aggressive enforcement . Moreover , seemingly objective measures of community crisis , such as rates of unemployment or of violent crime , do not show any significant relationship to the outcomes we have measured. ” When surveyed , police in communities with large immigrant populations would enforce regulations in 11 % fewer situations .
The findings are significant insofar as they challenge the `` threat hypothesis '' commonly assumed to underpin harsh immigration policing . The hypothesis , developed by sociologist Herbert Blumer in the mid-20th Century , states that `` the perception by members of the majority group that an outside group threatens their group 's prerogative is positively associated with prejudice against the outgroup . '' This recent study does not deny the relevance of this sort majority-view prejudice , but points to the importance of specific , nuanced administrative issues as crucial in determining the way in which immigration policy is enforced -- it 's not enough to point to an influx of immigrants , a high crime rate or a high unemployment level to account for harsh , anti-immigrant policing .
On sait qu'Enora Malagré et Jean-Marc Morandini ne s'apprécient pas beaucoup ... Voire pas du tout ! L'animateur d'Europe 1 n ' a pas hésité à tacler la chroniqueuse de Touche pas à mon poste ( D8 ) lors de son émission matinale . Tout est parti du sondage réalisé par nos confrères de Voici qui liste les 25 personnalités les moins appréciées de l'année 2013 où Nabilla , Zahia et Franck Ribéry figurent en tête de classement .
Alors qu'un chroniqueur du Grand direct des médias , l'émission de Jean-Marc Morandini sur Europe 1 , évoquait les résultats de cette étude , l'animateur n ' a pas hésité à conclure la séquence en s'attaquant à Enora Malagré . `` Il y a quand même une bonne nouvelle , c'est l'entrée en 15ème position d'Enora Malagré . Comme quoi , il y a des fois , le vide et la vulgarité ça se remarque du côté des Français '' , a-t-il lâché . Une petite vengeance de la part de l'ex-animateur de NRJ 12 ?
Il faut dire qu'Enora Malagré n'hésite pas à balancer sur Jean-Marc Morandini dans Touche pas à mon poste ...
A lire également :
Touche pas à mon poste : la ( grosse ) chute de Bertrand Chameroy ! ( VIDEO )
Enora Malagré confirme être célibataire dans Touche pas à mon poste ( VIDEO )
Enora Malagré révèle son passé dans un gang : `` on brûlait des voitures ''
Cyril Hanouna tacle ( à nouveau ) Jean-Marc Morandini ( VIDEO )
“ Any and all records and correspondence from May 1 , 2017 through the date this request is received , including but not limited to emails , faxes , records of phone calls , invoices , or text messages , between the Office of the Governor , the Office of the Lieutenant Governor , or Iowa Insurance Commissioner Doug Ommen and President Donald Trump , Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price , CMS Administrator Seema Verma , or any employee of HHS or CMS . ”
To read the full IDP letter , click here . By Iowa law , Reynolds ' staff have ten business days to respond to the request .
“ Governor Reynolds admitted they failed to advocate for our state when they met with the President , and now healthcare for tens of thousands of Iowans is at risk , ” Geiken told Starting Line . “ With so much dysfunction both here in Des Moines and in D.C. , Iowans deserve complete transparency from our current governor and the White House . Neither has owned up to that responsibility , so the Iowa Democratic Party is trying to get to the bottom of this mess with this FOIA request . ”
At issue here is the future of the individual healthcare market on the ACA exchange in Iowa for 2018 . Earlier this year , most of the healthcare insurer companies announced they would leave the Affordable Care Act exchange in Iowa due to uncertainty over the program 's future thanks to Republican efforts to undermine the law . Medica was the only company that said they would remain on the individual market , but the premiums on their plans would jump about 58 % next year . Iowa estimated that around 20,000 people would drop their plans , leading to more instability .
Iowa Insurance Commissioner David Ommen , working with major insurer Wellmark , came up with a stopgap measure that would utilize a waiver in the ACA to redirect federal funds to reduce risks to insurance companies and stabilize Iowa 's individual market to an extent . That could bring Wellmark back onto the market . However , that required federal approval from CMS to move forward .
The Washington Post reported last week that President Trump personally intervened with CMS , telling CMS head Seema Verma reject Iowa 's request . Trump had reportedly read about Iowa 's situation in a newspaper article and hoped to weaken the ACA exchange in Iowa even more , despite their Republican allies in the state work to stabilize it with a more conservative-leaning alternative .
Since that report , confusion has reigned in Iowa over what 's actually going on with the waiver request . When asked at a White House press briefing , Sarah Huckabee would n't confirm or deny that Trump had intervened .
“ I 'm not aware of that specific directive , so I 'd have to check into that and get back to you , ” Huckabee told a reporter last week .
Iowa officials said late last week that they had n't been informed by CMS that their request was rejected . At Reynolds ' press conference yesterday , the governor said their administration was still working with CMS on the issue ( the registration period for next year 's exchange starts on November 1st , however , and some wonder if it 's too late to implement the stopgap measure anyway ) . Back in June when Trump visited Iowa , Reynolds told reporters they would meet with the president , bring up Iowa 's stopgap measure and encourage them to sign onto the plan .
“ I have n't spoken directly to the president . I 've asked for a conversation , ” Reynolds told reporters , adding that their staff were on the phone with Verma the day before .
Dean Obeidallah , a former attorney , is the host of SiriusXM 's radio 's daily program `` The Dean Obeidallah Show '' and a columnist for The Daily Beast . Follow them @ deanofcomedy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his .
( CNN ) `` When is your Shariah going to end ? ... We know you are in bed with the Muslim Brotherhood ! '' an irate white woman screamed in the face of a brown-skinned politician at their town hall meeting on Wednesday night .
Sixteen years after 9/11 , bigoted remarks like these against Muslims -- or even those perceived to be Muslim -- have become disturbingly commonplace . And our President , who during their campaign openly attacked Muslims with false claims -- that `` thousands '' of Muslim Americans cheered in New Jersey on 9/11 , for example -- is n't helping matters .
In the case of this incident , the politician who was subject to this barrage of anti-Muslim comments , Jagmeet Singh , is not even Muslim . Singh , who is running to be the head of the New Democratic Party , one of Canada 's political parties , could 've simply told the heckler , `` I 'm not a Muslim . I 'm a Sikh . '' But they did n't . Nor did they respond by screaming at the heckler or publicly dismissing them as a bigot .
Instead , Singh chose love . While the woman shouted anti-Muslim slurs , Singh asked the audience , `` What do we believe in ? '' They paused for a moment , then together with the audience said : `` Love and courage . '' They added , `` We do n't want hatred to ruin a positive event , so let 's show people how we treat people with love . ''
In a time when political disagreements often escalate into heated debates that threaten to tear our nation apart , Singh showed us all a different , more constructive approach .
But Singh did n't stop there . They calmly and sincerely told the heckler , `` we welcome you . We love you . We support you . '' `` Everyone in this room loves you ... this room is filled with people who are loving , '' they soon added . The crowd then applauded in support . Faced with this showing of love , the heckler eventually stormed out .
JUST WATCHED Sikh man 's shooting investigated as hate crime Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sikh man 's shooting investigated as hate crime 06:28
Singh 's actions and words echoed those of Martin Luther King Jr. `` Hate can not drive out hate ; only love can do that , '' King famously said . Despite the threat this woman may have posed to Singh , they remained calm and kind . At no time did they show fear , anger or even condescension to the woman reciting bigoted talking points .
And , after the incident , Singh put out a statement explaining why they did not clarify that they were not Muslim . Singh 's words are potentially even more moving than their reaction at the town hall . `` My response to Islamophobia has never been ' I 'm not Muslim , ' '' they wrote . `` It has always been and will be that 'hate is wrong . ' ''
`` Once allowed growing , hate does n't pick and choose , it spreads like fire , '' they added .
As a Muslim , I ca n't thank Singh enough for refusing to simply take the easy way out by responding , `` I 'm not Muslim . '' And they had every right to do just that . Since 9/11 , it 's been challenging and even deadly to be a Sikh in North America because anti-Muslim actors have multiple times mistakenly taken Sikhs for Muslims .
In the days after 9/11 , the first person reportedly killed in the anti-Muslim backlash was actually a Sikh man , Balbir Singh Sodhi , who was working at their Mesa , Arizona , gas station when they were shot and killed . The gunman told the police upon their arrest , `` I stand for America all the way . ''
But that was n't the last incident . Sikh places of worship -- known as gurudwaras -- have been defaced with hateful graffiti . And in 2012 , a white supremacist murdered six Sikhs at a gurudwara in Wisconsin .
But hate does n't stop at the US-Canada border . In Singh 's Canada , Sikh places of worship have also been defaced , including an incident in December when racist language and swastikas were spray-painted on the walls of a gurudwara in Calgary .
Yet Singh -- and their many supporters in that room -- chose not to sink to the level of one bigot . Sikh concluded their statement with words that apply both in their home country of Canada and in Trump 's America . `` It 's important that we stand united against all forms of hate , '' they said . `` It takes love to understand that we 're all in this together . ''
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
Could this be a lesson for us in the United States ? We have all witnessed heated political arguments , in which we view each other as bitter enemies instead of fellow Americans who happen to have differing political opinions . We know this is destructive and adds to a sense that our nation is dangerously divided .
Maybe , just maybe , the last chance for our nation is love .
The NRA is having trouble keeping its head down in the wake of the recent shooting . NRA shifts to crisis mode
The National Rifle Association is coming out of lock down — a dramatic shift into crisis PR mode in the wake of the tragedy in Newtown that shows no sign of fading from the headlines soon .
The powerful lobby broke its silence Tuesday night , extending condolences to victims and their loved ones , announcing an unusual national press briefing to be held Friday and promising to “ offer meaningful contributions to make sure this never happens again . ”
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS : Pols speak out on gun control )
The lay-low strategy has worked through many recent shootings that caught the nation 's attention — from Tucson , to Virginia Tech to Aurora — without a single bill even threatening to pass .
But even the NRA is having trouble keeping its head down in a week when national news channels are airing footage from the funerals of 20 school children killed a week before Christmas in an American town decorated for the holiday season .
( Also on POLITICO : Manchin : ' I 'm so proud of the NRA ' )
Washington 's not letting go , either . President Barack Obama said Wednesday they want “ concrete ” reforms in front of Congress by January . Pro-gun Democrats have joined their more liberal counterparts in calls for new restrictions on firearms .
Outside the Beltway , social media campaigns are pressuring the NRA and its allies to accept change .
Long-time observers and former NRA insiders say the group 's abrupt shift in communications strategy shows something unusual is happening inside the powerful group : it 's feeling heat .
( Also on POLITICO : Poll : More police over gun ban )
“ They must have felt the pressure , ” said Richard Feldman , former NRA lobbyist and president of the Independent Firearm Owners Association . “ Whether they want it to be about guns , or not , [ the discussion ] is going to include guns . If it is going to happen , join them . Do n't stand on the outside . Stand on the inside and be a part of the discussion . ”
The NRA has offered no details on the plan it will lay out at the press event Friday . But expectations are high on K Street that the announcement will be significant , given the gun lobby 's tradition of riding out tragedies without much more than a statement on its website .
The move is unprecedented in recent history . After the attempted assassination of Rep. Gabby Giffords , they held no public event . The same was true this fall after dozens were shot in a movie theater in Aurora , Colo . Even after the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007 , it was weeks before the group quietly began working with Rep. John Dingell on a bill to make it more difficult for the mentally ill to buy guns — a bill that ultimately languished .
Crisis communications veteran Rich Masters of Qorvis Communications said it makes sense for the NRA to go on offense with the public before the gun lobby takes the brunt of public outrage .
CORRECTION : Corrected by : Bridget Mulcahy @ 12/19/2012 09:58 PM CORRECTION : An earlier version of this story misspelled Dan Gross 's name .
To my Democratic colleagues and me , the digital tracks that a consumer leaves when using a network are the property of that consumer . They contain private information about personal preferences , health problems and financial matters . Our Republican colleagues on the commission argued the data should be available for the network to sell . The commission vote was 3-2 in favor of consumers .
Reversing those protections is a dream for cable and telephone companies , which want to capitalize on the value of such personal information . I understand that network executives want to produce the highest return for shareholders by selling consumers ' information . The problem is they are selling something that does n't belong to them .
Here 's one perverse result of this action . When you make a voice call on your smartphone , the information is protected : Your phone company ca n't sell the fact that you are calling car dealerships to others who want to sell you a car . But if the same device and the same network are used to contact car dealers through the internet , that information — the same information , in fact — can be captured and sold by the network . To add insult to injury , you pay the network a monthly fee for the privilege of having your information sold to the highest bidder .
This bill is n't the only gift to the industry . The Trump F.C.C . recently voted to stay requirements that internet service providers must take “ reasonable measures ” to protect confidential information they hold on their customers , such as Social Security numbers and credit card information . This is not a hypothetical risk — in 2015 AT & T was fined $ 25 million for shoddy practices that allowed employees to steal and sell the private information of 280,000 customers .
Among the many calamities engendered by the circus atmosphere of this White House is the diversion of public attention away from many other activities undertaken by the Republican-controlled government . Nobody seemed to notice when the Trump F.C.C . dropped the requirement about networks protecting information because we were all riveted by the Russian hacking of the election and the attempted repeal of Obamacare .
Amazon is set to launch its Australian retail operations this Friday , putting an end to months of speculation , The New Daily can reveal .
The US-based e-commerce giant is understood to have confirmed the Friday launch in an email to sellers on Tuesday .
Quoting the email from Amazon , retail consultant Scott Kilmartin told The New Daily there would be a “ soft launch ” of the site on Thursday , followed by an official launch on Friday – to coincide with the annual pre-Christmas discount shopping frenzy known as Black Friday .
It will mean Amazon is also up and running for the e-commerce version of Black Friday , Cyber Monday , on November 27 .
The New Daily understands Amazon will mark the launch with nationwide public marketing activities on Thursday , including an ice cream giveaway at Southern Cross station in Melbourne .
“ The Country Fire Authority inspected the Amazon Dandenong warehouse yesterday and gave the building clearance to operate , ” Mr Kilmartin said .
“ The first shift started at 7am this [ Tuesday ] morning at the warehouse and the .au site is live for a small selection of customers and they will be shipping orders , as an unannounced soft launch today for those who happen to be on the site with access , ” they said .
Mr Kilmartin , who is producing a podcast series on Amazon entitled ‘ David versus Amazon ' , told The New Daily Amazon 's pre-Christmas launch was the big department stores ' “ worst nightmare ” .
However , they said the reactions of Australian shoppers would be interesting to watch .
“ There 's going to be an enormous buzz , but it 's not a new product like an iPhone . It 's a new way of buying , and it will be interesting to see how Joe Punter reacts . ”
But , they said , even if the initial consumer response is less than ecstatic , in the longer-term Amazon 's presence in Australia would have an “ enormous impact ” on the way Australians shop .
Busy at Dandenong
Amazon 's enormous warehouse at Dandenong South was buzzing with activity on Tuesday afternoon . Trucks and cars were coming and going , and the signs suggested it was ready to go .
While no one there would confirm the exact date of the website 's launch , The New Daily was able to learn that workers are expecting it to be up and running soon .
The warehouse itself is by far the largest in the vicinity – and is so long you ca n't fit the whole thing into a photograph even from 300 metres away .
What will you be able to buy ?
Currently amazon.com.au does exist in Australia , but it only sells books , e-books and Kindles .
But from Friday , the range of products available will explode to include pretty much everything , from tuxedos to paperclips .
Primarily , products available on amazon.com.au will be sold through the Marketplace platform , which allows third party retailers to sell via Amazon , in exchange for a percentage of the sale price .
Initially Amazon signed up 500 retailers to sell through the Australian site , but more are likely to follow .
At a summit in Sydney last week , Amazon revealed it would also be selling its own line of products through its “ retail ” business .
But what it will not be doing on Friday is launching Amazon Prime .
Amazon Prime is the truly revolutionary side of Amazon 's business – and the one that is really terrifying its competitors . It provides members with ultra-quick , free delivery of their purchases , through a complex web of warehouses and delivery infrastructure – all of which Amazon owns .
It also provides members with a video service to rival Netflix , in both the amount of original content it produces , and its low price .
Eventually , Amazon is likely to launch Prime in Australia . However , Australia 's large landmass and – excluding the dense populations around the big cities – its sparse population will make Prime difficult to roll out across Australia .
Similar conditions have posed problems for Amazon in Canada , where it has not had nearly the same level of success as in the US .
Mr Kilmartin said this meant it might have to limit its full Prime service to metropolitan areas .
Currently , Amazon 's Melbourne warehouse is the only one it has in Australia . But Mr Kilmartin predicted the firm would soon open more , probably in western Sydney and on the Gold Coast .
The New Daily contacted Amazon for confirmation of the end-of-week launch , but received no response at time of publication .
This is part 13 of Categories for Programmers . Previously : Limits and Colimits . See the Table of Contents .
Monoids are an important concept in both category theory and in programming . Categories correspond to strongly typed languages , monoids to untyped languages . That 's because in a monoid you can compose any two arrows , just as in an untyped language you can compose any two functions ( of course , you may end up with a runtime error when you execute your program ) .
We 've seen that a monoid may be described as a category with a single object , where all logic is encoded in the rules of morphism composition . This categorical model is fully equivalent to the more traditional set-theoretical definition of a monoid , where we “ multiply ” two elements of a set to get a third element . This process of “ multiplication ” can be further dissected into first forming a pair of elements and then identifying this pair with an existing element — their “ product . ”
What happens when we forgo the second part of multiplication — the identification of pairs with existing elements ? We can , for instance , start with an arbitrary set , form all possible pairs of elements , and call them new elements . Then we 'll pair these new elements with all possible elements , and so on . This is a chain reaction — we 'll keep adding new elements forever . The result , an infinite set , will be almost a monoid . But a monoid also needs a unit element and the law of associativity . No problem , we can add a special unit element and identify some of the pairs — just enough to support the unit and associativity laws .
Let 's see how this works in a simple example . Let 's start with a set of two elements , { a , b } . We 'll call them the generators of the free monoid . First , we 'll add a special element e to serve as the unit . Next we 'll add all the pairs of elements and call them “ products ” . The product of a and b will be the pair ( a , b ) . The product of b and a will be the pair ( b , a ) , the product of a with a will be ( a , a ) , the product of b with b will be ( b , b ) . We can also form pairs with e , like ( a , e ) , ( e , b ) , etc. , but we 'll identify them with a , b , etc . So in this round we 'll only add ( a , a ) , ( a , b ) and ( b , a ) and ( b , b ) , and end up with the set { e , a , b , ( a , a ) , ( a , b ) , ( b , a ) , ( b , b ) } .
In the next round we 'll keep adding elements like : ( a , ( a , b ) ) , ( ( a , b ) , a ) , etc . At this point we 'll have to make sure that associativity holds , so we 'll identify ( a , ( b , a ) ) with ( ( a , b ) , a ) , etc . In other words , we wo n't be needing internal parentheses .
You can guess what the final result of this process will be : we 'll create all possible lists of a s and b s. In fact , if we represent e as an empty list , we can see that our “ multiplication ” is nothing but list concatenation .
This kind of construction , in which you keep generating all possible combinations of elements , and perform the minimum number of identifications — just enough to uphold the laws — is called a free construction . What we have just done is to construct a free monoid from the set of generators { a , b } .
Free Monoid in Haskell
A two-element set in Haskell is equivalent to the type Bool , and the free monoid generated by this set is equivalent to the type [ Bool ] ( list of Bool ) . ( I am deliberately ignoring problems with infinite lists . )
A monoid in Haskell is defined by the type class :
class Monoid m where mempty : : m mappend : : m - > m - > m
This just says that every Monoid must have a neutral element , which is called mempty , and a binary function ( multiplication ) called mappend . The unit and associativity laws can not be expressed in Haskell and must be verified by the programmer every time a monoid is instantiated .
The fact that a list of any type forms a monoid is described by this instance definition :
instance Monoid [ a ] where mempty = [ ] mappend = ( ++ )
It states that an empty list [ ] is the unit element , and list concatenation ( ++ ) is the binary operation .
As we have seen , a list of type a corresponds to a free monoid with the set a serving as generators . The set of natural numbers with multiplication is not a free monoid , because we identify lots of products . Compare for instance :
2 * 3 = 6 [ 2 ] ++ [ 3 ] = [ 2 , 3 ] // not the same as [ 6 ]
That was easy , but the question is , can we perform this free construction in category theory , where we are not allowed to look inside objects ? We 'll use our workhorse : the universal construction .
The second interesting question is , can any monoid be obtained from some free monoid by identifying more than the minimum number of elements required by the laws ? I 'll show you that this follows directly from the universal construction .
Free Monoid Universal Construction
If you recall our previous experiences with universal constructions , you might notice that it 's not so much about constructing something as about selecting an object that best fits a given pattern . So if we want to use the universal construction to “ construct ” a free monoid , we have to consider a whole bunch of monoids from which to pick one . We need a whole category of monoids to chose from . But do monoids form a category ?
Let 's first look at monoids as sets equipped with additional structure defined by unit and multiplication . We 'll pick as morphisms those functions that preserve the monoidal structure . Such structure-preserving functions are called homomorphisms . A monoid homomorphism must map the product of two elements to the product of the mapping of the two elements :
h ( a * b ) = h a * h b
and it must map unit to unit .
For instance , consider a homomorphism from lists of integers to integers . If we map [ 2 ] to 2 and [ 3 ] to 3 , we have to map [ 2 , 3 ] to 6 , because concatenation
[ 2 ] ++ [ 3 ] = [ 2 , 3 ]
becomes multiplication
2 * 3 = 6
Now let 's forget about the internal structure of individual monoids , and only look at them as objects with corresponding morphisms . You get a category Mon of monoids .
Okay , maybe before we forget about internal structure , let us notice an important property . Every object of Mon can be trivially mapped to a set . It 's just the set of its elements . This set is called the underlying set . In fact , not only can we map objects of Mon to sets , but we can also map morphisms of Mon ( homomorphisms ) to functions . Again , this seems sort of trivial , but it will become useful soon . This mapping of objects and morphisms from Mon to Set is in fact a functor . Since this functor “ forgets ” the monoidal structure — once we are inside a plain set , we no longer distinguish the unit element or care about multiplication — it 's called a forgetful functor . Forgetful functors come up regularly in category theory .
We now have two different views of Mon . We can treat it just like any other category with objects and morphisms . In that view , we do n't see the internal structure of monoids . All we can say about a particular object in Mon is that it connects to itself and to other objects through morphisms . The “ multiplication ” table of morphisms — the composition rules — are derived from the other view : monoids-as-sets . By going to category theory we have n't lost this view completely — we can still access it through our forgetful functor .
To apply the universal construction , we need to define a special property that would let us search through the category of monoids and pick the best candidate for a free monoid . But a free monoid is defined by its generators . Different choices of generators produce different free monoids ( a list of Bool is not the same as a list of Int ) . Our construction must start with a set of generators . So we 're back to sets !
That 's where the forgetful functor comes into play . We can use it to X-ray our monoids . We can identify the generators in the X-ray images of those blobs . Here 's how it works :
We start with a set of generators , x . That 's a set in Set .
The pattern we are going to match consists of a monoid m — an object of Mon — and a function p in Set :
p : : x - > U m
where U is our forgetful functor from Mon to Set . This is a weird heterogeneous pattern — half in Mon and half in Set .
The idea is that the function p will identify the set of generators inside the X-ray image of m . It does n't matter that functions may be lousy at identifying points inside sets ( they may collapse them ) . It will all be sorted out by the universal construction , which will pick the best representative of this pattern .
We also have to define the ranking among candidates . Suppose we have another candidate : a monoid n and a function that identifies the generators in its X-ray image :
q : : x - > U n
We 'll say that m is better than n if there is a morphism of monoids ( that 's a structure-preserving homomorphism ) :
h : : m - > n
whose image under U ( remember , U is a functor , so it maps morphisms to functions ) factorizes through p :
q = U h . p
If you think of p as selecting the generators in m ; and q as selecting “ the same ” generators in n ; then you can think of h as mapping these generators between the two monoids . Remember that h , by definition , preserves the monoidal structure . It means that a product of two generators in one monoid will be mapped to a product of the corresponding two generators in the second monoid , and so on .
This ranking may be used to find the best candidate — the free monoid . Here 's the definition :
We 'll say that m ( together with the function p ) is the free monoid with the generators x if and only if there is a unique morphism h from m to any other monoid n ( together with the function q ) that satisfies the above factorization property .
Incidentally , this answers our second question . The function U h is the one that has the power to collapse multiple elements of U m to a single element of U n . This collapse corresponds to identifying some elements of the free monoid . Therefore any monoid with generators x can be obtained from the free monoid based on x by identifying some of the elements . The free monoid is the one where only the bare minimum of identifications have been made .
We 'll come back to free monoids when we talk about adjunctions .
Challenges
You might think ( as I did , originally ) that the requirement that a homomorphism of monoids preserve the unit is redundant . After all , we know that for all a h a * h e = h ( a * e ) = h a So h e acts like a right unit ( and , by analogy , as a left unit ) . The problem is that h a , for all a might only cover a sub-monoid of the target monoid . There may be a “ true ” unit outside of the image of h . Show that an isomorphism between monoids that preserves multiplication must automatically preserve unit . Consider a monoid homomorphism from lists of integers with concatenation to integers with multiplication . What is the image of the empty list [ ] ? Assume that all singleton lists are mapped to the integers they contain , that is [ 3 ] is mapped to 3 , etc . What 's the image of [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] ? How many different lists map to the integer 12 ? Is there any other homomorphism between the two monoids ? What is the free monoid generated by a one-element set ? Can you see what it 's isomorphic to ?
Next : Representable Functors .
Acknowledgments
I 'd like to thank Gershom Bazerman for checking my math and logic , and André van Meulebrouck , who has been volunteering their editing help throughout this series of posts .
Follow @ BartoszMilewski
43.193044 11.286147
Advertisements
Nearly 25,700 full-time Ontario college students received tuition refunds after a five-week strike derailed their semester .
Ontario 's Ministry of Advanced Education confirmed Tuesday that 10.3 per cent of Ontario 's roughly 250,000 full-time college students asked for , and received , their money back after the strike .
Minister Deb Matthews said the figures are still preliminary and could change in the coming weeks as further numbers are reported by Ontario 's 24 colleges .
`` Over the past months , I have heard from students about hardships they have experienced as a result of this strike , '' they
said in a statement . `` It is clear that they have borne the brunt of the labour dispute between colleges and faculty .
Preliminary reports from colleges indicate that the vast majority , approximately 90 per cent of students , chose to stay and finish the semester . ''
Matthews said they expect many students who withdrew from this semester will return in January and September .
`` I want to say to those students who did decide to withdraw , we hope you will return to college , '' they said . `` We need your talent and skills in this province and want to keep seeing you succeed . We will work with colleges to support and encourage students to re-enrol . ''
Last month , the minister ordered colleges to refund the tuition money for any student who felt unable to complete the condensed semester . The decision is likely to cost the schools millions of dollars , which would have otherwise been saved because of the labour dispute .
The government ended the strike in November with back-to-work legislation passed in a rare weekend sitting at Queen 's Park .
Earlier Tuesday , PC legislator Lorne Coe said the government was dragging its feet when it came to releasing the figures because the information was politically damaging .
`` Ontarians have the right ... to know the consequences of the premier 's lack of leadership on the community college strike , '' Coe said . `` Will the minister stop playing politics and confirm today that approximately 25,000 dropped out from Ontario 's community colleges due to the Liberal government 's inaction ? ''
NDP education critic Peggy Sattler said government inaction over the strike has put all students in a difficult position and hurt their education .
`` These students were backed into a corner , and made the very difficult decision to withdraw from the shortened semester entirely in order to get a refund , '' they said in a statement .
Those that have chosen to remain in class face their own challenges , including increased workloads and condensed schedules . Many students will be left struggling to recover financially and academically long after the semester is over . ''
Australia and New Zealand to host World Twenty20 in 2020
Updated
Australia and New Zealand will host the ICC World Twenty20 tournament in 2020 .
International Cricket Council chief executive David Richardson , speaking four days before the World Cup starts in Melbourne , confirmed the T20 event will be based in Australia for the first time .
`` It 's an honour to be hosting a global event on behalf of the ICC , '' Cricket Australia boss James Sutherland said , sitting alongside Richardson at Tuesday 's press conference .
`` We have n't cast our minds that far ahead yet , 2020 seems like a long way away .
`` We 'll focus our attention on that after this tournament . ''
It has been 23 years since the two nations hosted a major cricket event , the 1992 World Cup .
Richardson , who represented South Africa in that tournament , lamented the long wait .
`` We 'd like to come back to Australia and New Zealand more often , '' they said .
`` The fact is the time zone for this part of the world , relative to the rest of the cricket playing world , is not ideal .
`` But what makes it special is the tournaments have come few and far between , which adds to the excitement and the level of anticipation for this event . ''
AAP
Topics : cricket , sport , australia , new-zealand
First posted
Figure 1
Experimental setup : In the heralded polarization qubit source , 6 ps long , 80 MHz repetition-rate pulses at 1047 nm wavelength are frequency doubled and subsequently down-converted in periodically poled lithium niobate crystals ( PPLN ) . This generates photon pairs at 795 and 1532 nm ( telecom ) wavelengths , which are spectrally filtered with a Fabry-Perot ( FP ) cavity and a Fiber-Bragg grating ( FBG ) , respectively . Detection of the 795 nm photon by a Si APD ( 60 % detection efficiency and 600 ps timing jitter ) heralds the presence of the telecom photon , and a half-wave plate ( HWP ) and quarter-wave plate ( QWP ) prepare it in any desired polarization qubit state . The quantum memory consists of a 20-m-long erbium doped fiber exposed to a 600 G magnetic field and cooled to 0.8 K using a cryostat . The polarization-insensitive AFC is prepared by optical pumping with continuous wave ( cw ) laser light at 1532 nm , which is frequency and amplitude modulated by a phase modulator ( PM ) and an acousto-optic modulator ( AOM ) , respectively , and polarization randomized by a polarization scrambler with 2 KHz cycling frequency . For the qubit analysis , the recalled photons pass through a fiber-optic polarization controller ( PC ) and polarizing beam splitter ( PBS ) , after which they impinge on one of two superconducting nanowire single photon detectors ( SNSPD ) held at 0.8 K ( 60 % system efficiency and 350 ps time jitter ) . A set of and gates counts coincidences between the qubit detection signals and the heralding signal , and a time-to-digital ( TDC ) converter additionally provides time mapping of the single detections of the 1532 nm photons compared to the moment of detection of the heralding photons at 795 nm wavelength .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
The campaign to repeal Ohio 's anti–collective bargaining bill felt and looked different from so many of the campaigns that I 've been involved in over the past fifteen years . From the rallies with 20,000 people to a volunteer base of 10,000 to a community-organizing component that knocked on more than 100,000 doors this past weekend , this campaign was something new . And it holds potential for a deep and lasting alliance between labor , faith and community here in Ohio in a way that few could have imagined just a year ago . Ad Policy
I grew up in Ohio and am the grandson of a factory worker , a union flight attendant for thirty years at Westinghouse factory . It was a job my grandfather worked so that my father could be the first one in our family to go to college . My father earned both a bachelor 's and a master 's degree and went on to be an eighth grade teacher at a public school system here in Ohio , a job they would have for thirty years .
One of my defining political moments was a strike that my father 's union went out on fifteen years ago—also my first year as community organizer . Teachers ' strikes have a simple formula . The teachers strike . The schools are shut down . Parents and community members exert pressure on the board to settle a contract and a deal gets made . In this case , the School Board not only bused in scab teachers from Michigan and kept the schools open with 94 percent attendance , they hired paramilitary guards to stand at every school . The guards were dressed in full black military gear to “ ensure ” my father and other teachers would not be able to disrupt the flow of the normal school day .
After a period of time of being on strike and with no leverage to get the board to settle , many teachers began to struggle to pay their mortgages . The leadership of the union was defeated and school board broke the back of the union . They broke my father 's back . My father was on the verge of retiring and the state retirement system calculates your retirement payments based on the salary average of your last three years . They were considered out of work during the strike , lowering their average salary and permanently reducing their retirement . Meanwhile , the contract the teachers and the school board settled on was a 0 percent raise in year one , a 0 percent raise in year two and a 2 percent raise in year three . It was a humiliating defeat , and one that stripped my father of some piece of their dignity .
It has taken me a long time just to come grips with how angry I was and still am about that moment . I was angry not just with the school board or the scab teachers and paramilitary guards . I was angry with the community and all of the parents that my father sacrificed for . They worked every night grading papers , every Sunday preparing for the week ; they organized a chess club at the school in their spare time . They sacrificed time with my brother and me to be one of the best teachers in Ohio , something they were recognized for nationally . Where were the parents of all of the kids that they taught over the years ? Why did n't they stand with them on the picket line and support the strike ? Over time , my answer to this became that no one was organizing them .
That led me to be angry with the organizer who ran the strike . Their strategy and tactics were to “ wait out , ” assuming the school board would cave . The organizer was old and tired… and had no heart for the fight that they flew in and out for . And finally , I turned that anger inward for being unable to help . I wished that I had known then what I know now about organizing .
I have been waiting fifteen years for the fight over SB5—for the opportunity to defend my father . When labor kicked off the citizens ' referendum , it was my organization that was contracted to run the allied outreach program to faith groups , students , community groups and veterans across the state . We also chipped in $ 100,000 to expand that strategy , lent the campaign our political director to serve as senior staff , raised money for a self-funded community voter program , and played a defining role in making the campaign a genuine community/labor partnership . I am tremendously proud of the fourteen staff we 've had working on this since the spring . They recruited hundreds of churches and community groups and played a key role in building the 10,000 person volunteer base that proved to be insurmountable for the opposition .
This victory this week in Ohio has allowed me to have some internal peace about being powerless fifteen years ago . But it is also not lost on me that what we won tonight was merely the status quo—simply to keep the collective bargaining laws on the books that have been there for thirty years—and were there fifteen years ago during my father 's strike . And the governor and legislature have already said they will pass parts of the bill piecemeal in 2012 .
I am tired of being in a progressive movement that often starts with the strategy of “ how little can we lose by ? ” It is a strategy that is 100 percent defense . From that lens , the best we can do is maintain the status quo , which is one where we see the erosion of organized labor , increasing racial disparities , no accountability for Wall Street and the largest disparities in wealth since the 1920s . We have to learn to play defensive and offense at the same time . The next step here in Ohio can not be what 's next for us to defend . It is time for us to go on offense and act boldly around our values and vision for how we create good jobs and strong communities .
Alberta 's minimum wage is set to increase by $ 1 this fall as the NDP government forges ahead with its plan for a $ 15 minimum wage by 2018 .
But critics say the `` hastily deployed '' increase lacks real analysis and consultation .
In a news conference Monday , Jobs , Skills , Training and Labour Minister Lori Sigurdson announced Alberta 's minimum wage will increase from $ 10.20 to $ 11.20 as of Oct. 1 . The separate minimum wage tier for liquor servers will also increase by $ 1.50 to $ 10.70 before being phased-out altogether by 2016 .
The NDP government is planning to reach $ 15 per hour by 2018 . October 's increase will move Alberta from being tied with Saskatchewan for the lowest minimum wage in Canada to being the third highest , behind Northwest Territories with $ 12.50 and Ontario at $ 11.25 .
`` By keeping Alberta 's minimum wage as low as possible , many people and their families had no choice but to resort to food banks and social support programs to make ends meet , '' said Sigurdson , touting the `` moderate '' increase as part of the government 's plan for poverty reduction .
`` We believe minimum wage should allow people to meet their basic needs . ''
The move was praised by Sue Tomney , CEO of the YWCA of Calgary , who said the increase will have an `` immediate positive impact '' for women who make up 60 per cent of minimum wage earners .
Sigurdson said the decision was made following a two-day consultation with 48 stakeholders including business advocates , academia , labour unions and social service providers . The government will continue to consult , they said , but fully plans to reach the $ 15 target promised in the election campaign .
Both the Edmonton and Calgary Chambers of Commerce argue the increase will result in higher prices for goods and services , a wage increase `` ripple '' in the job market , a reduction in worker benefits and lower hiring of youth , elderly , disabled and seasonal employees across the province .
`` I guess the best thing we can say is it was n't $ 2 , '' said Alberta Chambers of Commerce President Ken Kobly .
While Sigurdson pointed to the United States to highlight the benefits of a $ 15 minimum wage , the Wildrose Opposition said the government has done `` zero '' economic analysis of the potential impact in Alberta .
“ We need to put on the brakes , listen to chambers , small businesses and job creators to make sure we understand the full impact of this planned 50 per cent increase , '' said Leader Brian Jean .
PC Leader Ric McIver said he 's worried about the `` ripple effect '' of higher prices and job losses while Liberal Leader David Swann criticized the `` artificial timeline '' and blasted the government for moving forward `` without considering the impact it will have on small businesses in these hard economic times . ”
While supportive of the $ 1 increase , Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark called the plan `` hastily deployed '' and too `` locked-in '' to the $ 15 target while also missing `` any tie to a poverty reduction strategy . ''
The province says minimum wage earners account for roughly three per cent of the Alberta 's work force and are predominately part-time workers in the food service industry between 15 and 19-years-old .
matthew.dykstra @ sunmedia.ca
@ SunMattDykstra
Five reasons against the $ 15 minimum wage
1 . Price inflation
The most obvious impact of a large minimum wage increase is an increase in the price of goods and services . Labour Minister Lori Sigurdson acknowledged that businesses indicated they `` may have to readjust '' and many will likely choose to increase prices . Alberta Chamber of Commerce President Ken Kobly said the common trend is for businesses to `` raise prices wherever they can '' in response to increased labour costs .
2 . Wage `` ripple '' effect
Both the Edmonton and Calgary Chambers of Commerce say the $ 15 minimum wage target will have `` significant '' repercussions up the wage ladder as it also requires raises for those making $ 15 per hour currently . Shift managers making $ 15 per hour will demand a raise to justify their level of responsibility . The chambers say the effect `` has been shown to increase a firm 's wage bill by nearly two-fold . ''
3 . Layoffs , reduced hiring
While Sigurdson dismissed any talks of layoffs as `` fear mongering , '' Canadian studies have shown that a 10 per cent increase in the minimum wage would give rise to a one to three per cent reduction in employment . The Canadian Federation of Independent Business says a 47 per cent increase in the minimum wage in Alberta would result in 50,290 to 183,300 jobs lost . A 2014 minimum wage study from the Ontario government found a greater chance of reduced job opportunities rather than outright layoffs as `` workers who remain employed will benefit , while workers who become unemployed will be the losers under the new wage regime . ''
4 . Benefits to poverty reduction unclear
The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives found that increasing the minimum wage can boost incomes for low-wage earners and have an impact on reducing poverty but should not be used solely as an anti-poverty measure . Another study published by the Journal of Labour Research using data from Canada 's Survey of Labour and Income Dynamics ( SLID ) for 1997 to 2007 showed that `` job losses are disproportionately concentrated on the poor '' and concluded that `` minimum wages are poorly targeted as an anti-poverty device and are at best an exceedingly blunt instrument for dealing with poverty . ''
5 . $ 15 target puts Alberta out of step with rest of Canada
The $ 15 per hour minimum wage by 2018 target will mean Alberta will have the highest minimum wage in the country by far , as other provinces such as British Columbia have tied their minimum wage increases to the rate of inflation . The increase in Alberta affects roughly three per cent of the province 's work force who are predominately part-time workers between 15 and 19 years old in the retail and food service industries .
Minimum Wage Across Canada :
British Columbia $ 10.25 ( $ 10.45 as of Sept. 15 )
Alberta $ 10.20 ( $ 11.20 as of Oct. 1 )
Saskatchewan $ 10.20 ( $ 10.50 as of Oct 1 )
Manitoba $ 10.70 ( $ 11.00 as of Oct. 1 )
Ontario $ 11.00 ( $ 11.25 as of Oct. 1 )
Quebec $ 10.55
Newfoundland and Labrador $ 10.25 ( $ 10.50 as of Oct.1 )
New Brunswick $ 10.30
Nova Scotia $ 10.60
Prince Edward Island $ 10.35 ( $ 10.50 as of July 1 )
Yukon $ 10.86
Northwest Territories $ 12.50
Nunavut $ 11.00
Jamie Clarke scores Armagh 's crucial late goal . Source : Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Armagh 1-17
Tipperary 1-15
Fintan O'Toole reports from Semple Stadium
THREE MONTHS AFTER they were caught at the finish line by Tipperary in the battle for league promotion , Armagh exacted a form of revenge in the championship arena today .
Jamie Clarke 's composed finish to the net with a minute of normal time left on the clock was the crucial score as Kieran McGeeney 's side held on afterwards for a two-point success .
Trailing 0-10 to 0-8 at the interval , Armagh were further rocked after the interval when Michael Quinlivan finished wonderfully to the net for Tipperary .
But despite possessing a four-point advantage , 1-10 to 0-9 , after that strike in the 39th minute , Tipperary did not have the energy to kick on with Armagh finishing the stronger , inspired by man-of-the-match Niall Grimley who finished with 0-8 .
Tipperary forged a lead at half-time with Liam Casey , Josh Keane and Jack Kennedy all impressing in the scoring stakes . Armagh were unfortunate to have a Gavin McParland goal disallowed in the 19th minute with referee Paddy Neilan calling play back for a free rather than playing the advantage rule .
Source : Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Quinlinvan , clearly hampered by injury , and Conor Sweeney were closely watched by the Armagh defence but Sweeney was still an excellent ball-winner in the Tipperary full-forward line .
Four minutes into the second-half Sweeney pounced to gather and transfer to Quinlivan , who fired an excellent shot to the net .
Tipperary got a further boost in the next passage of play when goalkeeper Ciaran Kenrick smartly blocked a goalbound effort by Andrew Murnin .
Source : Tommy Dickson/INPHO
However Armagh pushed on and rattled off four points without reply to draw level by the 53rd minute at 1-10 to 0-13 . It was all square again 11 minutes later when a Sweeney free for Tipperary left it 1-12 to 0-15 but all the momentum lay with Armagh .
Stefan Campbell launched over the point that nudged them ahead and then they exploited the gaps in the Tipperary defence when Clarke found the net .
Tipperary rallied as they faced a four-point deficit to outscore Armagh 0-3 to 0-1 in injury-time but could not force a goal against a packed defence as the away team booked their place in Round 4B .
Scorers for Armagh : Niall Grimley 0-8 ( 0-5f , 0-1 '45 ) , Jamie Clarke 1-1 , Rory Grugan ( 0-1f ) , Gavin McParland 0-2 each , Stephen Sheridan , Aidan Forker , Stefan Campbell , Gregory McCabe 0-1 each .
Scorers for Tipperary : Josh Keane 0-4 ( 0-2f ) , Michael Quinlivan 1-0 , Conor Sweeney 0-3 ( 0-3f ) , Kevin O'Halloran ( 0-2f ) , Jack Kennedy ( 0-2f ) , Liam Casey 0-2 each , Brian Fox , Philip Austin 0-1 each .
Tipperary
1 . Ciarán Kenrick ( Moyle Rovers )
3 . Alan Campbell ( Moyle Rovers )
25 . Paddy Codd ( Killenaule )
4 . Emmet Moloney ( Drom & Inch )
5 . Bill Maher ( Kilsheelan-Kilcash )
6 . Robbie Kiely ( Carbery Rangers )
7 . Jimmy Feehan ( Killenaule )
8 . Liam Casey ( Cahir )
9 . George Hannigan ( Shannon Rovers )
10 . Josh Keane ( Golden-Kilfeacle )
11 . Kevin O'Halloran ( Portroe )
12 . Brian Fox ( capt , Éire Óg Annacarty-Donohill )
13 . Conor Sweeney ( Ballyporeen )
23 . Michael Quinlivan ( Clonmel Commercials )
14 . Jack Kennedy ( Clonmel Commercials )
Subs
15 . Philip Austin ( Borrisokane ) for Hannigan ( half-time )
24 . Liam Boland ( Moyle Rovers ) for Moloney ( 47 )
9 . Hannigan for Kennedy ( black card ) ( 47 )
17 . Diarmuid Foley ( Moyle Rovers ) for O'Halloran ( 71 )
19 . Liam McGrath ( Loughmore-Castleiney ) for Boland ( 73 )
Armagh
1 . Blaine Hughes ( Carrickcruppen )
18 . Gregory McCabe ( Sean O'Neill 's )
2 . Aaron McKay ( Dromintee )
3 . Charlie Vernon ( Armagh Harps )
6 . Brendan Donaghy ( Clonmore )
5 . Paul Hughes ( Crossmaglen Rangers )
7 . Aidan Forker ( Maghery )
8 . Stephen Sheridan ( Forkhill )
9 . Niall Grimley ( Madden )
10 . Ciaran O'Hanlon ( Killeavy )
4 . Mark Shields ( Whitecross )
12 . Rory Grugan ( Ballymacnab – captain )
15 . Gavin McParland ( Ballymacnab )
14 . Andrew Murnin ( St Paul 's Lurgan )
13 . Jamie Clarke ( Crossmaglen Rangers )
Subs
19 . Joe McElroy ( Armagh Harps ) for McCabe ( inj ) ( 28 )
20 . Ciaran McKeever ( Cullyhanna ) for Clarke ( 71 )
22 . Ethan Rafferty ( Grange ) for Murnin ( 77 )
Referee : Paddy Neilan ( Roscommon )
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved Michael Migani ( Photo provided by the Shelton Police Dept . )
Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved Michael Migani ( Photo provided by the Shelton Police Dept . )
SHELTON , Conn. ( WTNH ) -- A 34-year-old man was arrested in Shelton on Tuesday after allegedly giving a four-year-old child a wet willy .
Police say Michael Migani stuck their finger in their mouth , then put it in the child 's ear in the presence of the boy 's mother . They say the boy was playing with their mother in the waiting room of a Center Street business when the incident happened .
According to authorities , Migani fled in their car when the mother and staff confronted him . Officers later stopped him .
Migani is charged with second-degree reckless endangerment and second-degree breach of peace . They were released on $ 500 bond and is due in Derby Superior Court on August 19 .
If You 're Born Poor in Chicago—Or Rich—You 're Probably Going To Stay That Way A new study on income mobility shows that , in Chicago , the rich stay rich and the poor stay poor . But things can change . You always have a chance to get poorer .
Photo : Ben Hussmann/CC by 2.0
This city has chutes and ladders , but most people do n't really go up or down either one .
Today the New York Times has a fascinating piece on a massive new study about intergenerational economic mobility in America , one that “ that other researchers are calling the most detailed portrait yet of income mobility in the United States , ” according to David Leonhardt .
And it 's sufficiently detailed to compare metropolitan regions , the focus of the study : the odds , depending on where you live , that children of low-income parents will rise to the highest quintile of income , vice versa , and anywhere in between .
Chicago does not come off well . Of the top 30 metro regions in the country , the odds that a child born into the bottom fifth quintile ( parents ' income of less than $ 25k ) will move to the top fifth quintile are six percent , 25th out of 30 . Only St. Louis , Cincinnati , Cleveland , Detroit , and Atlanta rank below Chicago .
The odds that a child raised in the top fifth will remain there , in Chicago , are 35 percent—good for 13th out of those same 30 metros . In other words , it 's much easier to maintain wealth than it is to build it from scratch , and in Chicago it 's especially hard . Of 10 largest metros in America , Chicago is the second-hardest for the bottom fifth to rise to the top fifth .
But that only covers the extremes : the odds of the very poor rising to the ranks of the very well off , and the odds of the very well off staying that way . The patterns there are apparent but not very surprising . So I was curious what happens to the rest of Chicagoans , and what happens if your sights are n't set quite that high : moving from very poor to middle class , for instance , or middle-class to wealthy .
And a very interesting pattern emerges . If you 're raised poor or lower-middle-class in Chicago ( first and second quintiles ) , you 're more likely to slide down the ladder than rise up it . If you 're upper-middle-class or rich ( fourth and fifth quintiles ) , you 're more likely to climb it further than slide down . And if you 're exactly middle class , the third quintile , it 's a bell curve .
* The most likely scenario across all income levels is basically a tie between the rich staying rich ( 35 percent ) and the poor staying poor ( 34 percent ) .
* The least likely scenario is a poor child becoming a rich adult ( six percent ) . The second-least likely scenario is a poor child becoming an upper-middle-class adult ( 11 percent ) .
* That 's followed by a lower-middle-class child becoming a rich adult ( 12 percent ) or a rich child becoming a poor or lower-middle-class adult ( 13 percent ) .
* The middle class are more likely to become poor than rich ( 19 percent versus 18 percent ) but more likely than either to become lower-middle class , stay middle class , or move to the upper-middle class ( 21 , 21 , and 20 percent ) .
Details : For the purposes of the study , parents ' income is the mean family income from 1996-2000 . Child earnings are the mean family income for the 1980-85 birth cohort , taken in 2010-2011 : in other words , 30-year-olds . “ Rich , ” it should be noted , is relative : the 80th percentile begins at $ 107,500 for parents , $ 99,600 for children . All the data 's here .
Share
Computer scientist William Wulf was a star professor at the University of Virginia until they recently resigned to protest the forced resignation of popular President Teresa Sullivan by leaders of the governing board . Sullivan was reinstated earlier this month after a revolt on campus , but Wulf has refused to reconsider their decision , despite pleas by faculty and administrators , including Sullivan herself .
Here is a letter that Wulf , president emeritus of the National Academy of Engineering , has written and publicly released explaining why they will not “ un-resign. ” For Wulf , the crisis has not really ended . Here 's the letter where they explain why :
UVa facuty & others ,
Just in case you missed it , I am one of the folks that publicaly resigned over the forced resignation of President Sullivan . I resigned because I deeply care about the University , I thought President Sullivan was doing a great job , and thus felt deeply that this action , and the way it was taken , was profoundly damaging to the University .
I have been asked by President Sullivan , my Dean , and even my departmental faculty , to “ un-resign ” – I have said NO , and the rest of this note is to explain to all of you why , and perhaps what it means to you . It is not because I do n't love UVa , and would love to rejoin its faculty – quite the opposite , it 's precisely because I do love and respect it so much !
Like most of you , I was delighted by the re-instatement of Terry Sullivan – but that , I my view , did n't fix the underlying problem ! As myoriginal message noted , my wife and I have extensive experience in both executive positions and board positions in industry , academia , and government – we 've seen the executive-to-board relationship from both sides , and in multiple contexts – and my judgment is that the current BOV is incompetent to govern UVa ! Let me repeat – it 's incompetent for the task of governing UVa ! I am more than willing to stipulate that the BOV members are smart , good and accomplished people –but to be competent on a board requires a significant understanding of the institution they are governing . That 's what is lacking !
The present BOV appointed by the Governor is 14 lawyers or corporate executives with no experience with academic governance , onepart-time medic at John-Hopkins , and one CEO of a small university . Alas , they do n't even seem to know much about UVa ! While fond of selectively quoting Jefferson out of context , they overlook the deeply philosophical fact that Mr. Jefferson 's design for UVa had * no * President or central administration – the faculty governed the University , and did so in an open collaborative way , not in secret meetings behind closed doors , with no faculty input . Total faculty control would n't work for today 's larger university , BUT … the BOV 's instincts were that top-down , commandand control management was “ right ” and so triedto impose it . Well , it 's not right for universities , especially for UVa – and in fact , the data says that it is not right for most corporations either ! It certainly was n't right for the corporations that I ran ! But my main point is that faculty involvement in university governance is central to all universities , and especially to UVa .
Moreover , the current BOV clearly did n't even investigate the issue they expressed concern about – for example on-line presence of theUniversity ( seemingly a big deal in TS 's firing ) , but they apparently just reacted to the hype of recent announcements by some other universities without investigating UVa 's record on the subject . Well , our involvement in digital scholarship and learning goes back at leasttwenty years – I know because I was a principalin getting it started ! Please note in the prior sentence I said scholarship AND education . Great universities are about both – not just mass teaching ! And a future great UVa must be about both ! The current BOV , or at least those involvedin firing Terry Sullivan , pretty clearly does n't understand that .
Are these uninformed folks likely to make smart future decisions for UVa ? Alas , I think not ! Smart and accomplished as they may be individually in other contexts , they just do n't have the knowledge base to make good decisions for UVa .
Just imagine a board imposed upon General Motors that consisted of 14 smart/accomplished academics , but with no industrial experience , one Chevy customer , and the CEO of a mom-and-pop grocery store . Would that work ? No , of course not ! And the converse is n't working here either !
What we need is a significant fraction of the BOV to be folks that deeply understand academia , and UVa in particular – I have been astounded by how shallow and un-informed the comments by rector Dragas , for example .
I have a substantial list of distinguished current or former academic administrators that I know first hand , that are really bright and I would be happy to recommend them to serve on the BOV , and I 'd even to be the first contact with them – but I have n't been asked . Alas , they almost certainly did n't make major contribution to the Governor 's campaign , so the chance of their selection under the current system are probably nil . BUT , it 's the system needs to be changed !
I am a more-than-a-tad concerned that the reinstatement of President Sullivan has taken a bit of wind out of the sails of faculty/student pressure for reform . In my view the time is not to compromise , but to stand for the principles of the University , and particularly the principle of faculty deeply involved its governance ! !
Corporate style boards ( of which both my wife and I have deep experience ) are NOT the model for the BOV – nor is “ damn the torpedoes ” top-down executive management – and the fact that the current BOV does n't understand that is damning and destructive , and says a lot about the selection criteria that chose them ! We MUST fix the selection criteria !
Permit me to cycle back to my opening – I am not a “ march and wave placards ” type – partly because I find it intellectually repugnant , but also in no small measure because I do n't think it'sespecially effective in our context . You may disagree . What I do think we need is a moderate , well-reasoned argument for why the structure of the BOV needs to be changed for the benefit of the University – and the state . But please note that I think the argument needs to be deliveredto the folks that can effect that change and that the present process is a political one , and while I am not in favor of marching and placard waving , I also think our actions need to include political ones – just what those actionsare should be needs to be a collective decision of the faculty , so I 'll stay silent on that for now .
But we DO need to act to fix the problem underlying President Sullivan 's firing ! Will they stay long term , or would we be able to recruit a comparable replacement given the current BOV and the criteria for future BOV selections ? In my view -- NO ! Unless there is fundamental change , UVa is on a downward spiral . It hurts me to thecore ! UVa has been SO special ! To see it self-destruct is as painful as I can imagine .
Bill Wulf
Wm . A. Wulf
former University Professor , Dept . of Computer
Science University of Virginia , and
President Emeritus , National Academy of Engineering
-0-
Follow The Answer Sheet every day by bookmarking www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/answer-sheet .
Product description
Hot Wheels Wall Tracks Basic Track Set Spinout
Hot Wheels Wall Tracks Basic Track Set Spinout is a wall mounted track play system where kids can perform stunts , race with high-speed , turn and use different tricks . The race is on for stunt loving kids .
Stunts and actions can be performed all over the wall
Hot wheels vehicle
Command strip
Instruction poster
From the Manufacturer
Hot Wheels Wall Tracks Basic Track Set Spinout is packed with lots of different ways to race.4 to 8 yearsRecommended Ages:4 – 8
Hot Wheels Wall Tracks Drift Rally Spinout Track Set : Introducing the coolest new place to play , off the floor and onto the wall . Wall Tracks brings stunts , speed , turns and tricks to new heights . Kids can experience track play from an entirely new perspective and change stunts as they change their rooms . Expand your world of Wall Tracks and build more stunts and action all over your walls . These tracks can be used alone or connected to other Wall Tracks sets to increase the fun . Includes 1 die-cast Hot Wheels car , 3M Command Strips and easy instruction poster . Collect them all . Each Wall Tracks set sold separately .
Yes , a document thriller . Papers , Please is a compelling , edge-of-your-seat game about carefully scrutinizing forms . And it 's so clever that I do n't even know where to begin . But I suppose you 'll need to know what it is first , wo n't you ? Paper heralds from Lucas Pope , creator of the similarly socially conscious Republica Times , but this time you 're in charge of your maybe kinda probably definitely fictionalized Soviet homeland 's border . Or rather , you 're the person who makes sure everyone else has their paperwork in order . If you mess up , you get fined , and that means your family withers to chalky bone under the weight of starvation and sickness . Also , there are some very sinister sorts looking to slip past your iron stamping hand of ultimate justice , so perhaps more hangs in the balance than your benefactors are letting on . Read on for my impressions of the beta demo , and then – if you 're feeling so inclined or swollen with fictional nationalistic pride – give it a try yourself here .
So you have the what , and now here 's why you 're wielding a trained eye and laser-focused stamping hand with extreme prejudice :
“ The communist state of Arstotzka has ended a 6-year war with neighboring Kolechia and reclaimed its rightful half of the border town , Grestin . Your job as immigration inspector is to control the flow of people entering the Arstotzkan side of Grestin from Kolechia . Among the throngs of immigrants and visitors looking for work are hidden smugglers , spies , and terrorists . Using only the documents provided by travelers and the Ministry of Admission 's primitive inspect , search , and fingerprint systems you must decide who can enter Arstotzka and who will be turned away or arrested . ”
There are so many things to laud in the demo . The incredibly minimal , strikingly stark art and sound design do an excellent job of bringing Arstotzka to life – you know , in a suffocatingly uncomfortable sort of way – and there 's a surprising amount of grim , sometimes grimly humorous personality that bleeds onto its pages . It is , however , the less immediately arresting bits that are really pulling me in so far .
Stamping is so damn satisfying . I want to stamp everything . Sometimes I do . Think you can slip a faulty document past me ? WRONG . Now your artlessly falsified picture and suspiciously expired date are quadruple rejected . And you thought you could pressure me into getting sloppy with all your whining and complaining about places to be . If you ever try it again , I will stamp your family . I will stamp your dumb gray cat . I will stamp your life .
It 's all done via movable , intoxicatingly physical documents , too . Seriously , when I say that , I mean the grand majority of everything in the game . One booklet is essentially your tutorial , telling you things like what constitutes a legitimate form and which regions produce real papers – not fraudulent ones . Maybe you 'll need to keep it out for cross-referencing purposes , or maybe you 're a faster learner than me . Usually , though , it helps to have multiple books handy , because discovering falsified documents means connecting facts ( or “ facts ” ) that just do n't add up . After a brief interrogation or two , it 's then up to you to decide whether or not your glum new friend makes the cut . Rinse , repeat , discover . Oh , but do n't take too long doing it . The clock 's ticking , after all .
Regardless , it all feels so good . It strikes me as a bit strange that a game that 'd never exist outside our paperless , all-digital society so wonderfully hearkens back to the near-sensual crispness of good paper . It 's such a natural , compulsive thing , though – far more tangible than a basic series of interchangeable menus
A surprising amount of story comes through in these rather simple ( though increasingly complex ) interactions . Background , culture , profession , patience , temperament , health , wealth , whether or not someone 's totally inviting you to a strip club ( to be fair , that one 's pretty easy ) , etc . A lot of it , however , comes down to interpretation , and that 's when you realize those heaping mountains of paper do n't really contain much important information at all . So then , is a worrisome hunch enough reason to totally violate someone 's privacy ? That 's your call . Good luck .
There is , however , also the matter of your family , and that 's where the game gets most interesting , but also stands to completely come undone . Without spoiling too much , I will say that things become very gray ( in the moral sense ; everything is already incredibly gray from the standpoint of , you know , color ) over time . Not everyone trying to slither between cracks in your mighty wall of red tape is a terrorist or criminal , so maybe you opt to favor your raw , aching conscience over your pocketbook . Because of this , I initially found providing for my family to be exceedingly difficult , a tightrope chainsaw juggling act of illness , hunger , and creeping cold . Once I really got into the swing of things , though , it was actually somewhat manageable . And if I can stockpile money this early in the game , I have to wonder what that 'll mean for the rest .
But even with that dribble of soiled milk stinking up the otherwise pristinely desolate alleyways , there 's an immense amount of promise here . Papers , Please is a tiny game with enormous ambitions , and it has something very important to say , on top of everything else . Please be good , Papers , Please . I still have a healthy amount of skepticism , but I wish you only the best . Glory to Arstotzka .
Papers , Please will emerge from beta this summer . Also , it 's on Steam Greenlight right now , if all this communism has you itching to vote for something .
With its day before the U.S. Supreme Court over , the University of Texas at Austin can only wait to learn how it will be allowed to use affirmative action to boost diversity among its students .
But lost in the debate over Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin is this : More than racial preferences in admissions are at stake . If the university failed to convince the high court that its practices are constitutional , the entire way it selects its incoming first-year student classes could be at risk .
That 's because of a little-known provision in state law that , left unchanged , would dramatically increase the number of students who are automatically admitted into UT-Austin if it loses the case .
Right now , the university caps the number of students who gain automatic admission through academic performance at 75 percent of incoming freshmen . With an adverse court ruling , that cap would be at risk of disappearing in two years .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
The last time UT-Austin did n't have such a cap was 2009 , when university officials were panicked that automatically admitted students were crowding out everyone else who was applying . Now , the problem could be worse . UT-Austin regularly gets applications from more than 10,000 people who would automatically qualify if no cap were in place ; in 2015 , it only enrolled a total of 7,743 freshmen .
The automatically admitted students are accepted under the state 's top 10 percent rule , which promises admission into any state school to anyone who graduates in the top 10 percent of their or their public high school class in Texas . The rule was approved in 1997 , not long after a federal appeals court banned affirmative action at public universities in the state .
The rule 's supporters say it has helped thousands of students get into Texas ' flagship school who might not have otherwise . And opponents of affirmative action tout it as a “ race-neutral ” way to increase college diversity . Texas ' public schools are de-facto segregated , they say , so taking the top students from each school creates a racially diverse student body .
But UT-Austin has always had a testy relationship with the law . Since 1997 , the university has had to accept more and more students . By 2008 , 81 percent of incoming freshmen at UT-Austin were top 10 percenters . University leaders warned at the time that they soon would n't be able to accept anyone outside the top 10 percent , making it hard to field a football team or attract any out-of-state students . Suburban legislators were also upset because the law made it nearly impossible for quality students from their competitive schools to get into UT-Austin if they were n't in the top 10 percent .
“ It has become a crisis for us , ” Bill Powers , then UT-Austin 's president , told the Legislature in 2009 . “ We 're simply running out of space . ”
Since then , the Texas population has grown , so space would probably be even more limited .
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
The cap was imposed in 2009 by a bill authored by then-Sen. Florence Shapiro , R-Plano . But some inner-city legislators opposed it , saying the top 10 percent rule was creating opportunities for minority students in their districts . In the end , the two sides reached a compromise . UT-Austin was allowed to cap top 10 percent students at 75 percent of each first-year student class but had to continue considering race when it evaluated candidates for the other 25 percent . And if the university received a “ final court order ” preventing it from using race , the 75 percent cap would be repealed , according to the law .
With the Supreme Court now considering the case , such a “ final court order ” seems possible . And it 's unclear how UT-Austin would respond . Standing outside the high court on Wednesday , UT-Austin President Greg Fenves said university officials had n't given much thought to how they would handle a loss .
“ We have n't done any planning , ” they said .
But other lawmakers appear willing to help . State Rep. John Zerwas , R-Richmond , chairperson of the House Higher Education Committee , said they are n't aware of the provision tying the cap to racial considerations . But they said they would listen if UT-Austin asked to fix the law .
“ It seems to create at least a little bit of a schizophrenic situation if the Supreme Court makes that decision , ” they said .
Their counterpart in the Senate , Kel Seliger , R-Amarillo , sponsored a bill in 2013 that would have preserved the cap . That bill , which faced resistance from the NAACP and Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , kept the `` final court order '' provision in place , but it postponed the cap 's automatic removal until after the admissions process for 2017-18 freshmen .
That would buy lawmakers and UT-Austin officials one legislative session to adjust the law if UT-Austin loses . And it would probably revive a long-standing debate in the Legislature about the automatic admissions rule itself . Many lawmakers oppose the law , but they have never been able to repeal it . A forced change to the law by the Supreme Court could give them their chance .
“ Frankly , I 'm not a fan of the top 10 percent rule , period , ” Zerwas said . But , they added , “ I have n't heard of any big movement in trying to repeal it . ”
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors . Become one .
Disclosure : The University of Texas at Austin is a corporate sponsor of The Texas Tribune . A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors can be viewed here .
Whats the latest news on a Star Wars land coming to Disneyland ? A new report claims that the new Star Wars Land , which will likely be announced at D23 Expo 2015 later this week , will include multiple attractions , anchored by a mega E Ticket ride which will employ “ a trackless vehicle that will break the mold when it comes to how theme park visitors interact with a ride environment. ” More details on the rumored Disneyland Star Wars Land plans after the jump .
MiceChat , which has been a really good source for Disneyland rumors , has the latest on Disneyland 's Star Wars plans . As expected , they are currently looking at the top side of Disneyland for Star Wars Land . Here are the details , though these should be considered rumor for now :
The plan for Star Wars Land has grown immensely in scale , and it 's now aimed squarely at the land north of Disneyland itself . Taking over the Festival Arena , the Circle D Ranch , Mickey 's Toontown and several rehearsal halls and office buildings just north of Toontown . The Circle D property , where all of the park 's horses , goats and other animals are kept will be moving off property to a new facility nearby , and the horses will then be trailered in for their 4 hour shifts pulling the Horse Drawn Streetcars on Main Street . The rehearsal halls and offices north of Toontown would be moved over to the larger 160,000 square foot office building Disney bought last year at 1515 S. Manchester Avenue , which now houses a dental supply company . That building on Manchester is slated to be phase two of the Pumbaa parking structure , expanding its capacity beyond 8,000+ spaces after the first phase of 5,000 spaces opens in 2018 , but in the short term it will become the temporary home of Disneyland 's displaced backstage buildings . The smaller building at 1585 S. Manchester will be demolished for the parking structure construction .
According to the report , the rides and shows for the new Star Wars land are being developed in “ a top secret Imagineering lab in Glendale with Imagineers signing extra confidentiality agreements because the plotlines and characters are pulled from the next three episodes in the Star Wars saga and the Lucasfilm folks understandably guard that information with their lives . ”
So we do n't have any details on what to expect for the ride , but I have heard that the Legends Of Frontierland experience was a test for their Star Wars plans . Imagineers want to introduce an interactive Cantina experience where your story continues through the rides and throughout the land . Imagine being the rebel spy on Star Tours , later seeing your mug shot on “ wanted ” signs around Star Tours Land , leading to a possible confrontation with a bounty hunter at the Cantina ?
As expected , more Star Wars will be added to Tomorrowland this year , with Innoventions reopening planned to open by Veteran 's Day weekend in November with a version of the Star Wars Launch Bay interactive museum which was recently announced for Shanghai Disneyland , plus a specially-produced Star Wars : The Force Awakens movie preview at the Captain EO theater , which will run through January 2016 .
No mention in the report , but there have been consistent rumors that Star Tours : The Adventures Continue might add Force Awakens segments to the available trips .
The plan is to keep Star Wars Launch Bay in Innoventions where it will eventually become the official Star Wars Land preview center ( much like the Blue Sky Cellar served Cars Land in Disney California Adventure ) once construction begins .
The rumor mill around a Star Wars-themed land in Disneyland has been hot ever since the Mouse purchased Lucasfilm . Imagineering initially planned to revamp Tomorrowland with Star Wars rides and attractions , which was to include a speeder bike ride and Millennium Falcon walk-through meet-and-greet — but those plans were rejected by the Disney board . Bob Iger has said that the rides and attractions would be based on the new films , and not the original or prequel trilogies — this is one of the reasons the original plans were apparently rejected .
Fans expected Imagineering to announce their Star Wars plans at D23 Expo 2013 , but were instead greeted by a tease on the show floor featuring blueprints pouring out of a bunch of crates from a galaxy far far away . Disney head Bob Iger promised that Star Wars theme park news would be coming in 2015 .
The recent rumors pegged Star Wars Land to replace Toon Town at the top of Disneyland park . Disney got the city of Anaheim to approve an extension on their no gate tax in exchange for a one billion dollar plus expansion of Disneyland resort , with construction to begin by late 2017 and wrap up no later than December 2024 . Recently we learned that Disney purchased two large pieces of land across the street from Disneyland , which is expected to house some backstage buildings that could make way for more land in the current backstage space at the top of the park near Toon Town .
But another report claims the Disney board rejected the Star Wars land plans , just before they were set to be revealed at D23 Expo 2015 . This new report suggests that is n't true .
STEVE BANNON Blasts George W. Bush at CAGOP : “ He Embarrassed Himself… Has No Idea If He 's Coming or Going ” ( Video )
Former Trump administration Chief Strategist Steve Bannon spoke Friday night at the annual California GOP convention in Anaheim .
The grassroots favorite blasted former President George W. Bush during their talk .
This came after President Bush attacked Republican President Donald Trump during Thursday accusing the nation 's leader of promoting bigotry and falsehoods .
President Bush did not attack anti-American Democratic globalist Barack Obama when they were in office .
Bannon blasted Bush telling the California crowd , “ George Bush embarrassed himself . ”
Steve Bannon : They have no idea if he 's coming or going just like it was when they were president of the United States… There 's not been a more destructive presidency than George Bush 's .
Ex-White House Advisor Steve Bannon hits back at George W Bush after the former President denounced bigotry at a speech in New York . pic.twitter.com/Pb8C2ILe8b — Channel 4 News ( @ Channel4News ) October 21 , 2017
Meanwhile , the leftists outside proved once again that they 're insane .
In 2008 , I added tilt scrolling to Instapaper . Today , that 's an “ innovation ” in Amazon 's Fire Phone , but Farhad Manjoo says they blew it :
Take Auto Scroll , which moves the text on your screen as you tilt the phone back and forth . Because Auto Scroll calibrates its scrolling speed according to how you 're holding the device when you first load up an article , your brain will struggle to find a set rule about how much to tilt to get the right speed . Often I 'd scroll too fast or too slow .
This is the biggest design challenge when implementing tilt scrolling . Tilting is relative to some “ zero ” point — tilt forward from that angle to scroll up , and tilt back to scroll down.1 When , and how , is the zero point set ?
Scroll down Scroll up Zero
You ca n't just have a fixed angle be the zero point , like straight up , because nobody holds their phone in the exact same orientation all the time . The zero point needs to be relative to however the phone is being held .
My solution is to have tilt scrolling always default to off , make the user toggle it on every time they want it , and use the phone 's current orientation as the zero point when they tap the button . Critically , this means they can toggle the button off and on again to reset the zero point whenever they want , like if they change positions while sitting or in bed .
Amazon has apparently chosen instead to set this when the article is first loaded , but that will never work well enough in practice . I assumed my method was common sense , but apparently not .
The biggest problem with tilt scrolling is that doing it right requires a prominent button to toggle it on and off to make realignments easy for users , and it can never just be on by default . In most cases , it 's not a widely-used enough feature to justify a prominent , always-there button in the interface , so it 's ( rightly ) cut from the feature list .
I do n't have a Fire Phone to test with — thank goodness , it seems — but I wonder how they did on the other details . For tilt scrolling to be useful in practice , there needs to be a bit of a dead zone around the zero point , where no scrolling occurs , so it 's forgiving of inadvertent small motions . The dead zone should be wide enough so nobody accidentally scrolls in the wrong direction when they 're trying to keep it still , but narrow enough that neither direction is frustratingly far away :
But it 's no good if someone activates tilt scrolling , tries to scroll down ( the most common action ) , and the first few tilt degrees do nothing because the trigger zone is too far away . It feels unresponsive . So the best thing to do is not quite to center the scrolling bands around the zero point , but offset them so that the zero point is very close to the beginning of the scroll-down zone :
This way :
The most common action is extremely easy to do .
The screen angle while gently scrolling down is very close to the way the phone was already being held , which is probably the user 's preferred reading angle at that moment .
There 's a wide enough no-scrolling zone in the middle to let people “ rest ” comfortably .
The uncommon action of scrolling up is reachable , but far enough away that it wo n't be accidentally triggered .
I assumed all of this would be common sense to anyone implementing a tilt-scrolling feature .
More from Manjoo 's review :
Worse , if you put your phone down on a table while you 're in the middle of an article , the scrolling goes haywire and you lose your place . The best thing about Auto Scroll is that you can turn it off .
This also seems like common sense . Instapaper 's tilt scrolling always stopped if the phone was set on a flat surface . Originally , that was actually a bug — probably not wrapping around the zero angle properly — but it was so obviously useful that I left it in .
Senators ' rambling monologues encompassed everything from the BBC 's Last Night of the Proms to the name of the Nationals ' candidate for McEwan
'It will come to me ' : Senate puts brave face on farce with four-hour filibuster
In the absence of any actual legislation to debate on Monday , government senators practised their improv .
Officially , the four-hour filibuster was a reply to the speech made by the governor general , Sir Peter Cosgrove , at the opening of parliament .
However the lengthy monologues – on topics ranging from the splendid number of Australian flags visible in the audience shots of the BBC 's Last Night of the Proms , to the surprisingly deep thinking of the Indigenous affairs minister , Nigel Scullion , to the exact name of the Nationals candidate for the lower-house seat of McEwan – bore little reference to Cosgrove 's remarks .
The filibuster was brought on by the government 's failure to have any legislation ready for debate in the Senate . Two bills listed on the notice paper for debate had not passed the lower house when parliament began at 10am .
It followed an embarrassing episode last sitting week when Labor was able to seize control of the lower house after three government MPs went home early .
Stephen Murray ( @ smurray38 ) `` shambles '' and `` pissup in brewery '' ca n't be far behind https : //t.co/sjpzFuZs8F
Filibustering is a grand parliamentary tradition that often provides an opportunity to commend the sterling , yet frequently dull , work of a local to whichever electorate the filibusterer happens to represent .
Unfortunately ( and rather surprisingly , given the government would have known ahead of time that it had no actual business to put on the notice paper ) government senators appeared to have left their stack of briefing notes on local worthy people at home .
James Jeffrey ( @ James_Jeffrey ) `` In govt you can get things done , '' Sinodinos tells an almost empty Senate that 's killing time with filibusters because it has nothing to do .
Instead , the Senate was treated to an attempt by the Victorian senator Bridget McKenzie , from the National party , to remember the name of the Nationals candidate for McEwan , James Anderson , or , as McKenzie put it : “ In the seat of McEwan we ran … Andrew . Andrew , Andrew … it will come to me . ”
“ Andrew , ” or rather Anderson , McKenzie said , “ runs a … stock feeds store , in , ah , in … I 'm sorry , madam deputy president , a stock foods store in a place starting with ‘ T ' . ”
The name McKenzie was searching for , Fairfax Media reported , was Tallarook .
McKenzie did recall the name of the Nationals leader in the Senate , Nigel Scullion , at another point in their speech , musing : “ He 's a deep thinker . You would n't think it but they actually are . ”
Chris Uhlmann ( @ CUhlmann ) Tune into the Senate . It has run out of business and the Coalition is filibustering it 's way to lunch . The speeches are priceless .
Also in the box was the Queensland senator James McGrath , of the Liberal National party , who recorded on Hansard their deep affection for the Last Night of the Proms , which they said was “ one of my favourite TV programs , every year , a fantastic music spectacle ” .
Alice Workman ( @ workmanalice ) `` It was a fantastic spectacle '' - @ JamesMcGrathLNP filibusters about their favourite tv show 'Last Night At The Proms ' . pic.twitter.com/bgHnRqzBZ4
They continued at length .
“ There was no surprise there , it was a fantastic spectacle , ” McGrath said .
“ And what was great to see that in this huge mass of people at the Royal Albert Hall , that you could see the Australian flag flying proudly – not just once or twice but numerous times – you could see the Australian flag being hoisted aloft by Australians enjoying the best of , of , of , of the British music that is around . ”
It was n't until the final minutes of the filibuster that Senator Mitch Fifield arrived at the most obvious topic for filibustering : the filibuster itself . It was , as Buzzfeed 's Mark Di Stefano reported , “ meta-padding ” .
Mark Di Stefano ( @ MarkDiStef ) Fifield is doing an excellent job in padding , by talking about the padding . It 's meta-padding .
The leader of the Labor party in the Senate , Penny Wong , said senators were asked to filibuster until question time at 2pm because the government had not managed to pass any legislation for the Senate to debate .
Malcolm Farr ( @ farrm51 ) Penny Wong asks what 's Latin is for , `` I came , I did nothing , I stuck around '' ? Wants to apply to PM Turnbull ..
The government managed to pass the registration of deaths abroad amendment bill and the primary industries levies and charges collection amendment bill in the early afternoon with crossbench support .
Fifield , the leader of government business in the Senate , blamed the Labor party 's “ games ” for the delay in the Senate , tweeting : “ Senate is ready . No bill could be less controversial . ”
Mitch Fifield ( @ SenatorFifield ) Labor playing games in the House delaying Registration of Deaths Abroad Amendment Bill . Senate is ready . No bill could be less controversial
Wong , who quoted their favourite bits of the various parliamentary monologues in their own address to the Senate , said the debate “ really confirms what Labor said in the election – Mr Turnbull and their government have no agenda ” .
“ They 've literally got nothing to talk about , ” Wong said .
David Sharaz ( @ DavidSharaz ) . @ SenatorWong attacking the govt for not having legislation to debate in @ AuSenate is worth a watch @ SBSNews # auspol pic.twitter.com/oBeFePNuJf
Australian Associated Press contributed to this report .
Did you know about the DS 's `` secret '' Wifi button ? It 's not really news , but it 's not particularly well-known either . To find it , you have to press the top left pixel of the touch screen when on any of the three Connection Settings screens in the DS 's Wifi configuration menu . This is only possible on DS systems or when configuring settings for an online DS game on a 3DS . If done correctly ( you may need something with a sharper point than the rounded DS stylus to get to that pixel ) , a yellow square will briefly light up and the DS will begin searching for Simple Start Wi-Fi .
This feature is most likely totally useless to you , especially now that the Nintendo WFC is down , as it is a leftover function for the Japanese NEC routers which have a `` Raku Raku Musen Start '' button that can be pressed to automatically configure the DS 's Wifi . Surprise , `` Raku Raku Musen Start '' basically means `` Simple Start Wi-Fi '' . Even though it does n't do much for you , you can at least impress your friends with it or something .
A new contest offers a chance to win $ 1B . But first , a simian must pick the magic number .
NEW YORK ( CNN/Money ) - Joe Millionaire ? This fall , someone will have a chance to become Joe Billionaire , thanks to the marketers at Pepsi , Warren Buffett , and a nimble-fingered monkey . The company has announced the May 1 launch of a summertime promotion , `` Play for a Billion , '' in which consumers will compete for large cash prizes , including a potential ultimate payout of $ 1 billion in September . There 's no guarantee that anyone will win that prize , however . In fact , the chances of doing so are infinitesimally low . Still , the contest represents the latest upping of the ante in an even larger , corporate sweepstakes known as reality TV . Here 's how it will work . The company has printed a sweepstakes entry code on the caps of specially marked bottles of Pepsi , Mountain Dew , and Sierra Mist . Select fountain cups ( e.g. , at movie theaters ) will also have stickers with entry numbers on them . A billion numbers will be generated , one million of which will be instant winners ( a $ 15 prize ) . To play for the bigger prize , anyone with a number can enter it on a Web site ( not yet launched ) or mail it in . Pepsi expects about 15 to 20 percent of all the codes will be redeemed . From that list of entrants , 1,000 codes will be randomly selected for the big-money competition , a two-hour TV special , to be aired live on the WB Network in September . Through a somewhat complicated process of elimination , the thousand entrants will be pared down to a list of 10 finalists , who will then compete for a guaranteed $ 1 million prize . Once the 10 finalists emerge , they will enter into successive , numbers-based games of chance . Through a process of progressive elimination , the million-dollar winner will be picked . That winner will hold a multi-digit number . In order for them to become a billionaire , the number must exactly match a number to be drawn at random on live TV . `` An unusually dexterous monkey '' will do the picking , says executive producer Matti Leshem . `` It 's the ultimate slap in the face to evolution : the fate of a billion dollars will be in the hands of a monkey . '' Big bucks on the WB In the regurgitative world of reality television , producers are hesitant to reveal the details of any program before it 's aired . ( Competitors roll out knockoffs faster than you can say , `` Joe Millionaire is a Bachelor . '' ) Nevertheless , the show -- produced by Diplomatic Productions , which was responsible for `` Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? '' -- is shaping up to be a reality TV spectacular . Super sweepstakes
The biggest individual sweepstakes prizes to date have all been won in pay-to-play lotteries , such as Powerball . Location� Date� Amount� West Virginia� 12/25/02� $ 315 million� Indiana� 7/29/98� $ 296 million� Massachusetts� 4/6/99� $ 197 million� Wisconsin� 5/20/99� $ 195 million� New Jersey� 7/16/02� $ 165 million� `` There 's going to be a big-name celebrity host , and plenty of great entertainment , '' says Leshem . Marketing experts estimate that Pepsi will spend about $ 15 million to advertise `` Billionaire , '' roughly the same as it spent on last summer 's marketing efforts . There will also be extensive promotional tie-ins with the WB Network and its corporate parent , AOL Time Warner ( which also owns CNN/Money ) . The game-show angle represents a creative push to build word-of-mouth attention for Pepsi . `` This is a bigger idea than our previous marketing , '' says spokesperson Dave DeCecco . `` We think it will really drive excitement around the Pepsi brand , as people start talking about the sweepstakes . '' A Billion here , a billion there No matter how many people ultimately watch the program , though , can any product marketer afford to give away that much cash ? After all , as the late Sen. Everett Dirksen once observed , `` a billion here , a billion there , and pretty soon you 're talking real money . '' For help , Pepsi turned to Dallas-based SCA Promotions . The firm provides financial protection called `` prize coverage services , '' a process of insurance and re-insurance that allows marketers to offer oversized prizes without assuming outlandish risk . `` By mitigating risk , we help companies offer a prize that would be beyond a sponsor 's ability or desire to pay , '' says Robert Hamman , SCA president and founder . `` It does n't take long to call the roll of companies that would be willing to take part in a super-jumbo case like this , '' says Hamman . The only possible U.S. underwriter : Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway ( BRK.A : Research , Estimates ) . In return for a seven-figure premium ( less than $ 10 million ) , Berkshire has assumed the risk of a payout . If the monkey picks the right number , the winner will receive an annuity worth $ 1 billion , payable over a multi-year period . ( As in a lottery , the recipient could instead choose a smaller , one-time payout . ) As noted , that probably wo n't happen . If it does , though , Pepsi would be thrilled , because the promotional value of a billion-dollar payout would be inestimable . Even better , the money would come from Berkshire Hathaway . That company , among other things , is the largest shareholder in Coca-Cola ( KO : Research , Estimates ) .
CLOSE Pope Francis is bringing a message of hope to residents of one of Rio de Janeiro 's slums , telling them not to be discouraged even in the face of corruption by their leaders . VPC
On a Brazil beach , Pope Francis warns of 'momentary thrill ' of money and possessions , and urges Catholics to turn to faith .
Pope Francis addresses the young people at Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil during the World Youth Day , Thursday . ( Photo : Luca Zennaro , AFP/Getty Images ) Story Highlights Pope Francis visits slums , hugs and kisses residents in the streets .
They condemn drug cartels as 'merchants of death . '
Security remains tight for the visit .
RIO DE JANEIRO — Hundreds of thousands of Roman Catholics packed Rio 's Copacabana Beach on an unseasonably cool and stormy night for an encounter with Pope Francis , who again implored the masses to turn toward faith instead of materialism , a recurring theme of their week-long visit to Brazil for World Youth Day .
`` Possessions , money and monetary power can give a momentary thrill , the illusion of being happy , but they end up possessing us and making us always want to have more , '' Francis told the crowd .
They added that their followers ' persistence and presence in wet and windy weather was proof that `` faith is stronger than rain and cold . ''
The ceremony with the pope opened World Youth Day , a biannual gathering of young Catholics — but an event in which Francis also has been outlining their agenda for the church and their priority of putting the poor first .
Pope Francis once again showed that earlier in the day by venturing into the shanties of Rio to spread a message of solidarity with the poor .
`` To the Brazilian people , especially the most humble among you , you can offer the world a valuable lesson in solidarity , a word that is too often forgotten or silenced , because it is too uncomfortable , '' Francis said to a crowd gathered on a soggy soccer pitch in the Varginha neighborhood .
`` No one can remain insensitive to the inequalities that persist in the world , '' the pope continued . `` The culture of selfishness and individualism that often prevails in our society is not what builds ... a more habitable world . It is a culture of solidarity that does . ''
Francis met cheering crowds and hugged and kissed residents before blessing the altar at a tiny church that serves the community . They prayed before a replica of Brazil 's patron saint , the Virgin of Aparecida , and met with a family in their squat yellow home .
`` He gave each of us a rosary , they took photos with everyone and embraced each one , '' said Diego Rodrigues , a 26-year-old friend of the da Penha family who received the papal visit . `` I think everyone but the pope was speechless ! ''
The favela visit comes after Francis on Wednesday focused remarks on disadvantaged people , shunning materialism and standing up to government corruption . They also took on the powerful drug cartels of Latin America , condemning them as `` merchants of death . ''
Favelas are informal developments often cut off from city services , and they are an example of the wide inequalities in Brazil . They are filled with impoverished people from the provinces who come to the richer cities in search of economic opportunities .
`` No amount of peace-building will be able to last , nor will harmony and happiness be attained in a society that ignores , pushes to the margins or excludes a part of itself , '' Francis said .
Security was tight for the visit : Elite police units patrolled as five helicopters circled over an area that only recently was pacified and was so violent in the past that locals called its main street `` The Gaza Strip . '' Locals expressed gratitude for the visit .
`` I 'm very happy that he 's here . I never thought that they would choose such a forgotten place , '' Vivian de Silva said .
`` He seems like a kind , humble person who will speak to anyone , '' said Raquel Soares , another favela resident .
The pope was known in Argentina for walking the streets of the shanties of Buenos Aires to visit residents . They made sending priests there to live with the local population a priority .
`` He used to come celebrate our patron saint ... visit people in their homes , '' said Hugo Portillo , 20 , an Argentine participant in World Youth Day , the week-long event for Catholics worldwide that is being held this year in Brazil .
In favelas , many people have joined Evangelical Christian congregations , such as Pentecostal denominations . De Silva suspects it happened in part because the local parish closed for several years in the 1990s . Only 45 % of Rio remains Catholic , making it the least Catholic state in what still is the world 's largest Catholic country .
`` Pentecostalism started with the dirt poor '' and preaches a prosperity Gospel , says Andrew Chesnut , religious studies professor at Virginia Commonwealth University . `` People converted to Pentecostal churches at the time of a health crisis because Pentecostalism was really big at preaching : Accept Jesus and you will be cured of all your earthly afflictions , which are poverty-related for most folk . ''
Many favelas have been becoming less poor , reflecting the economic expansion of the last decade in Brazil that pulled millions into the middle class . A few favelas have started going upscale and attract tourists – largely the result of a real estate boom brought about by a pacification process targeting Rio 's more than 600 favelas in advance of the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Olympics .
Location helps , too : some favelas in the South Zone offer beautiful views of the ocean and cityscape .
Francis on Thursday told residents not to be discouraged in the face of corruption by their leaders . Their words were an apparent reference to violent protests in Brazil in recent weeks by people angry over government corruption and overspending on preparations for the World Cup and the Olympics .
`` Never yield to discouragement . Do not lose trust . Do not allow your hope to be extinguished , '' they said of people facing corrupt governments . `` Situations can change , people can change . ''
Their visit Thursday to a favela reflects a papacy that will have a special focus on the poor and a push to have priests provide more pastoral attention to them , Catholic clerics say .
`` In Buenos Aires , they were very concerned about the marginalized areas of their diocese and frequently visited them , including the Villas de Miseria ( shanties ) , which are the favelas of Argentina , '' says Father José María di Paola , an Argentine priest better known as `` Padre Pepe '' and famous for their work with drug addicts .
`` He put ( peripheral places ) at the center of their work , '' adds di Paola , one of 22 priests assigned to live and work the shanties by Francis . `` It does n't surprise me that as pope they would show special attention to them . ''
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1c3S8nd
This post is a follow-up to my previous post : Do n't Make Plans
While I 'm a big proponent of really going with the flow , there are a few guidelines that I like to follow to help avoid serious problems and get the most out of spontaneous travel .
Do some research
Even though I do n't advocate making strict plans , it 's still smart to do some preliminary research .
Pick a region
It would be incredibly thrilling to show up at San Francisco International Airport and figure out where in the world I was headed on the spot , but last-minute , long-haul flights can be prohibitively expensive . At least a couple weeks before you head to the airport , pick a general region , and book a long-haul flight if you 'll need one .
If your trip last more than a couple months , I 'd strongly consider getting a one-way ticket . You can sort out your return flight during your trip when you 'll have a better idea of what region you 'll be leaving from and when you 'll be leaving .
Once you 've picked the spot you 'll be visiting , do some prep-work about the areas you will be traveling to .
Visas
At minimum , learn about visa requirements and tourist restrictions . It 's good to be reasonably sure you 'll be granted entry , and to have some idea of how much time you will or can stay . A helpful starting point is visamapper .
Costs
Figure out how much you can expect to spend on your trip . The travel cost calculator is a good start , but bear in mind that most activities like tours , festivals , and partying will add to your daily expenditures .
Weather
If you are traveling in an extremely cold region or in the winter time , winging it completely can be extremely stupid . You should at least make certain you 'll be able to find accommodation if sleeping outside might freeze you solid .
Events
Pay special attention to holidays , festivals , and other peak weekends . These can sometimes make winging it difficult for a certain segment of your trip . Fully booked accommodation , congested public transport , and other related concerns can cause problems . It 's difficult to find a cheap hostel or a couch to surf in Munich during the Oktoberfest , for instance .
Get your head right
You need to develop the right mindset to be a successful freestyle traveler .
Say ‘ yes '
In order to be successful while winging it , you have to be easy-going and willing to commit to unexpected experiences . This is the main reason you 're winging it in the first place , so be open-minded and flexible . Did your new friend in the hostel just invite you to join them for the next segment of their trip ? Do it ! Did a friendly stranger on the street invite you to a barbecue ? Check it out ! Obviously not all strangers are trustworthy , but use your best judgment and try to experience new things .
Rough it
If you want to freestyle and keep it cheap , being ready to rough it will dramatically improve your chance of success . Impromptu beach camping , sleeping on uncomfortable couches or floors , balancing sandwich supplies on your lap : these are all par for the course . A stoic mindset goes a long way here ; most of the time the ‘ worst-case scenario ' is n't really as bad as you feared it would be .
Get lost
Wandering is not something we 're used to these days . With the advent of smartphones , GPS , and drop-pins , we 're constantly aware of our surroundings and what they have in store for us . It 's sometimes great to get a little lost ! The best shops , parks , restaurants , galleries , and markets are often off the beaten path . Finding them on your own lends a glorious feeling of discovery , and on the way gives you a better window into another culture . Forget the map ( or leave it in your hostel ) for a day or two and see where your feet take you .
Do n't panic
When you eventually end up ‘ lost ' , do n't panic . Use your street smarts , stay alert , and avoid areas that make you feel unsafe . People will be able to help you find your way , even if you do n't speak their language . Just take your hostel address with you , or write down the names of major nearby streets . At worst , you can usually grab a taxi .
On the go
Even if you are n't planning the whole trip in advance , you 'll often find yourself mapping possible routes in your mind for the day or two ahead .
Beware of night arrivals
Arriving at night , or even in the late evening , can be a stretch if you 're in an unfamiliar place and do n't even have directions to a hostel . I 've done this a few times with varying levels of success . Most of the time , I still managed to find decent accommodation through affordable hostels or helpful strangers . However , I 've also slept on the beach , improvised a campsite , or found a pricier room in a hotel .
On a related note , it 's often useful to book overnight travel arrangements , so you arrive in the morning and do n't have to spend an additional night in a hostel/hotel . You sacrifice comfort but gain time and money , an easy trade for a Hard Trekker .
Communicating
You will find English speakers in most places , but it 's also worthwhile to learn some key phrases in your destination country 's language . The locals will appreciate the effort .
If language barriers will be a particularly big problem , you can prepare a list of set phrases and have them translated on paper before you head into areas where languages you speak wo n't be at all present .
Phrases like “ Where is a cheap hotel ? ” or “ Toilet ? ” are obviously useful . You can usually ask for translations from an English speaker you find in country , or you can get help from strangers in online forums . Beware Google Translate , it can easily lead you astray .
Getting around
A quick google search in an internet cafe , or talking with locals , can be a great ( if challenging ) way to orient yourself in a new place .
Being able to walk everywhere easily when you first arrive is one of the main benefits of packing light . Walking is free , and it 's a great way to experience your new environment . If there is a lot of ground to cover , metro or light rail stations usually have maps right on the stops , and the locals can help you manage the bus systems . Of course , taxis serve as a helpful last resort , and in many regions , are not very cost prohibitive .
Finding accommodation
It ca n't hurt to look up or book a hostel a night or two in advance . If you 're trying to couchsurf , you should work on making requests a few days before you arrive . There is much more to say about accommodation , but that will be the subject of another post .
Wrap Up
Not making plans does n't mean being totally unprepared . Winging it comes with ups and downs , but once you get a taste , you 'll enjoy what it adds to the mix .
I 'm sure some readers have great tips to add for freestyle trekking . Hook us up in the comments !
Yes WeCann Parade & Hullabaloo
empowered by Humboldt Green
Celebrate cannabis culture and support our community by joining the YesWeCann Parade in Arcata ! Continue the festivities at the ballpark with live music , a family interactive zone , food trucks , vendors and a medicinal 215 market .
Parade participation is open to everyone . Farmers , cannabiz , organizations , non-profits , local businesses , schools and groups in support of the cannabis community are all invited to participate in the parade and Hullabaloo .
Save the date for Saturday , August 12th . Check-in is from 11:00 am to 1:30 . The parade kicks off at the HSU parking lot located at 14th & Union street at 2:00 pm and ends at the Arcata Ballpark . The party continues with the Hullabaloo in the Arcata ballpark until 10:00 pm .
Does your business , organization or group want to show support for the cannabis community and join in the celebration ? Visit YesWeCannParade.com to register for the parade . Everyone who participates in the parade will gain FREE entry to the Hullabaloo !
So , here we ago again with the trope that “ courts confirm that vaccines cause autism. ” It all started when I saw a Facebook meme ( the lazy person 's way of transmitting information ) that stated that some obscure Italian court rules that MMR causes autism . These memes are backed up by blog posts from the usual suspects claiming that courts are confirming that vaccines cause autism mostly based on a oft-ridiculed year-old Italian Provincial Court ruling .
So now because an Italian court says vaccines cause autism ( well , actually more specifically the MMR vaccine ) , we get to reject the mountains of evidence that state unequivocally that vaccines do not cause autism .
If this were just a one-off issue with vaccine denialism in the Italian court system , we could all make mocking jokes about Italy , but apparently it keeps happening .
The official antivaccination cult 's take on the Italian court decision .
To quote one of the vaccine denialists :
At the center of the fifteen-year controversy is Dr. Andrew Wakefield of Austin , Texas . It was Dr. Wakefield that first publicized the link between stomach disorders and autism , and taking the findings one step further , the link between stomach disorders , autism and the Measles Mumps Rubella ( MMR ) vaccine . For that discovery way back in 1996 , and a subsequent research paper published by the doctor in 1998 , Andrew Wakefield has found themselves the victim of a world-wide smear campaign by drug corporations , governments and media companies . And while Dr. Wakefield has been persecuted and prosecuted to the extent of being unable to legally practice medicine because of their discovery , they have instead become a best-selling author , the founder of the Strategic Autism Initiative , and the Director of the Autism Media Channel . But in recent months , courts , governments and vaccine manufacturers have quietly conceded the fact that the Measles Mumps Rubella ( MMR ) vaccine most likely does cause autism and stomach diseases . Pharmaceutical companies have even gone so far as to pay out massive monetary awards , totaling in the millions , to the victims in an attempt to compensate them for damages and to buy their silence .
Let 's have fun debunking this !
The ridiculousness of the Italian court decision .
Let 's start with the ruling from a provincial court in the middle of Italy that disregarded all other science .
The US “ vaccine court . ”
Please help me out by Tweeting out this article or posting it to your favorite Facebook group.There are two ways you can help support this blog . First , you can use Patreon by clicking on the link below . It allows you to set up a monthly donation , which will go a long way to supporting the Skeptical RaptorFinally , you can also purchase anything on Amazon , and a small portion of each purchase goes to this website . Just click below , and shop for everything .
So , we can ignore the Italian court system when it comes to science , but the vaccine deniers love to make the claim that the Vaccine Court , which is the Office of Special Masters of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims who administers a no-fault system for litigating vaccine injury claims ( the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program , or NVICP ) , was paying out “ billions of dollars in claims . ”
The court was set up as a method to quickly review claims against vaccine manufacturers for injuries from vaccines , and quickly weed out claims that are not obviously related to vaccines . The reason this court was established to shield manufacturers from the excessive litigious nature of Americans ( to both make money and to blame anyone but themselves ) . It was becoming apparent that the cost of this litigation for manufacturers , usually made by attorneys trolling for business , was going to drive away vaccines from the US market . It was n't a threat by pharmaceutical companies , it was reality . So rational people stepped in to create a system that would be fair to everyone . Let 's be clear . All medical procedures have a risk . Taking acetaminophen has a risk . Having surgery has a risk . And getting a vaccine has some risk , no one says that vaccines are perfectly safe . Since the “ Vaccine Court ” was established , over 1.8 billion ( billion ! ) doses of vaccines have been given to children in the United States . As of December 2011 , the program , since being established in 1988 , has paid out $ 2,213,229,050.37 to 2,810 people , an average of around $ 760,000 per claim settled . This means that the courts are paying around $ 0.99 per every dose of vaccine delivered . And the number of claims is around 1.8 per 1,000,000 doses of vaccines administered . And this ignores the fact that courts are n't deciding on science . Many of the claims are made despite the lack of causal evidence , but more on a Post hoc ergo propter hoc correlation . In fact , the Autism Omnibus trials , which was specifically set up to adjudicate claims that vaccines cause autism , has rejected all three test cases that claimed that vaccines caused autism , and subsequent appeals of that decision have failed .
But the real news is that there is no news . Because the anti-vaccination lunacy lacks any substantial support for their various tropes about vaccines causing any number of things , including autism , they need to rely on hero worshipping of one of the great scientific frauds of all time , Andy Wakefield , or on a minor Italian provincial court , or on exaggerating claims from the NVICP .
MMR vaccine is unrelated to autism . Period .
On the other hand , there is a wealth of evidence that specifically and conclusively refutes the hypothesis that there is a link between the MMR vaccine and autism :
The TL ; DR summary
Let 's review . The Italian Courts made a bogus decision based on a fraudulent paper from no-longer-a-doctor Wakefield that was withdrawn by the publisher .
After billions of doses of vaccines given , a tiny number of people have made claims that vaccines have caused injury , adding up to about $ 1.00 per vaccine dose .
Again given that all medical procedures have some risk , the fact that vaccines saves thousands , if not millions , of lives in the USA , the tiny risk is overwhelmed by the huge , scientifically supported benefit . And we 're not even sure if there 's a real causality between the vaccines and those injury claims from a scientific point of view .
Finally , peer reviewed articles in high impact journals establish that there is no link between the MMR vaccine ( and in some cases , any vaccine ) and autism . MMR vaccines ( or any vaccine ) do not cause autism . Wishing it so , or claiming it 's so , does n't make it so .
Vaccines save lives .
Editor 's note : This article was originally published in August 2013 . It has been completely revised and updated to include more comprehensive information , to improve readability and to add current research .
Use the Science-based Vaccine Search Engine .
Key citations :
Related
There 's this fun little debate going on in Washington about tax rates for households earning over $ 250,000 .
Some would have you believe that those earning over $ 250,000 are not rich , but those people would be lying to you .
I 'll start with the conclusion to save you some time . $ 250,000 per year in household income makes you rich . Period .
Welcome to the 2 %
If your income is in the top 2.9 % of American households , sheer math tells you that you are rich . For every one person that earns more than you , there are 49 who earn less . In world income , you 're in the top .1 % of earners * . You say you 're not elite ? That 's rich .
I understand that everything is relative and that you may not feel rich , but that does n't change the facts . If you 're so envious of those living in undesirable areas , change places with them .
How much is it really ?
There are a few ways to look at it :
– $ 250,000 is five times the national household average .
– $ 250,000 is over $ 120 per hour .
– $ 250,000 is $ 20,833 per month .
– $ 250,000 is what 16½ minimum wage employees earn combined .
But I ca n't live off $ 250k !
Whenever a debate as to whether or not a quarter-million are a lot of dollars for one to have , invariably some dull jackass shows up to complain about the high cost of living in some extremely specific , exclusive place .
Here 's an example from Reddit . The point was made that $ 250,000 is in fact quite rich , to which came the following response .
AlmaWade : No , no it is n't . That $ 250k a year paycheck sounds amazing , until you find out your job is in a dense city… – You 're paying $ 100k a year in various forms of federal , state , county , and city taxes .
– Your mortgage payment for a comfortably sized condo is around $ 75k a year , god forbid you want a house .
– The rest of your money gets spent on high priced goods and services , transportation , insurance , unexpected medical costs , and saving for your retirement and your kids education . Meanwhile , some guy in the rural Midwest is earning $ 50k a year and having a higher standard of living than you .
Oh boo hoo , your pile of gold is too heavy . First , realize that people living in those same markets are surviving off the national average of $ 50,000 per year , and many more are living off of minimum wage . If you imagine they have no sympathy for you , you 're right . Is it time to raise minimum wage so they can afford to eat more than saltines from their job serving you at the diner ?
To the points , though :
You 're paying $ 100,000 in taxes… No you 're not . Not unless you include gas tax , and guess what brother , we 're all paying that . A two-income household at minimum wage is likely spending $ 400-600 a month just on gas , and they 're only making $ 2,500/month . That 's 16-24 % of their income just on transportation fuel , to say nothing of the cost of cars and the repairs that come with cheap , used cars .
Mortgage payment for a condo is $ 75,000/year… No it is n't . That 's a monthly payment of $ 6,250 . Even assuming a 95 % loan with mortgage insurance , taxes , fire insurance and $ 7,200 a year in homeowners dues , that would still be a $ 910,000 condo . That 's not “ comfortable ” , that 's fan-friggen-tastic .
The rest… spent on high priced goods and services… Right , but only maybe about double what it costs in impoverished places . That against your income with is 5-16 fold greater than the people living elsewhere .
( high priced ) transportation… which is bullshit . The whole reason for living in a high-priced , high density place is because it 's close to your job . Many of the most expensive markets have easy , affordable mass transit . If you buy a million dollar property that 's also inconveniently far from your work , it 's a choice you made .
( high priced ) insurance… Right , right , right . This must add , what , a good $ 100 a month ? That will take you a whole 50-minues a month to earn .
( high priced ) unexpected medical costs… You 're telling me you earn $ 20,833 a month and you do n't have medical insurance ? This claim is preposterous on its face . If you think that 's a legit concern then you need to take a deep breath , swallow your balls for a minute , and consider how the family earning $ 50,000 will handle it . Unlike the minimum-wage family , they do n't get discounts from the hospital unless they want to default on the debt and ruin their credit for 7-10 years . In which case , no car loans , no home loans and limited future financial prospects .
and saving for your retirement… Rich people problems ! I agree that saving for retirement is of extremely high importance , and you 're right to want to do it… but saying you 're not rich when one of your biggest concerns is having enough money left over to capably save for your retirement… well , I 'm sorry , but that means you 're rich .
( and saving for ) your kids education… More rich people problems . You need to realize that very few Americans can afford to pay their childrens ' tuitions , especially now that tuition is so unprecedentedly high . If you can afford to pay your childrens ' tuitions , then you 're rich .
So that 's the end of my Reddit jag . Now let 's hit up Google and see what kind of opinions we find .
Hey Google , is $ 250,000 rich ?
I asked Google , and the number one result was CNBC . They said “ no it is n't ” , and my god was their logic flawed .
The CNBC story makes a number of assumptions about what it costs to live in certain places , say for instance , seven of the nicest neighborhoods in the country ( all with “ top notch schools ” . )
They point out that if you buy a home , hire a housekeeper for $ 5,000 a year , spend $ 4,000 on your kids ' sports and activities , take a full , real , one-week vacation , spend $ 1,200 on dry cleaning , and fully invest in your IRAs and 401ks , then there would be very little , if any , leftover .
This assumption is fundamentally flawed because it starts by assuming a rich people 's lifestyle and works backwards . If you own a home in one of the 7 nicest neighborhoods in the country and incur expenses like those , you are living a rich person 's life . You are rich . Not as rich as you could be , or might like to be , but you are still most definitely rich .
$ 5,000 a year for a maid is exactly a rich person 's expense . That expense would be impossible if you lived in a median income household , and you 'd still need your house cleaned . In fact , at $ 50,000 , you 'd be more likely to be a two-career household than you would at $ 250,000 , where the air is rarefied .
I 've been $ 80,000 rich before
From 1998 to 2002 I made a lot of money . No wife , no kids , just me and my toys and a maximum income of about $ 80,000 , and that made me rich .
I ate out frequently , never brought my lunch , wore only expensive suits , dated lavishly , and eventually traded in my Lexus for a showroom new Viper RT/10 . I maxed out my retirement investments , bought over a dozen rental properties , and never worked more than 3-hours on any given weekend .
I had few deductions , paid mad ( Clinton-era ) taxes , and still had money for pretty much anything I wanted . I had no wife and kids to pay for , but I was a household , I made $ 80,000 or less , and I felt rich .
Fast-forward to 2008 , when I got back to $ 80,000 ( in combined household ) income . This time with a significant other and three kids to provide for . In 2008 I had no want for food or clothes , bought a new ( gently used ) van , moved to a nice , big-ish house and had enough money leftover to pay off my last $ 15,000 of debt .
I did n't have enough to buy a house ( height of the real estate bubble ) or buy a brand-new car , but even with a total of 5-mouths to feed , I felt pretty rich . I could do anything . I took my kids on two separate three-week vacations .
Maybe I was n't rich , but my perspective was that , even with paying off $ 15,000 in debt , I was doing pretty well .
And now you want to tell me that if I had earned THREE TIMES as much money , I still would not have been rich ? That 's just not a credible argument . I live in Seattle . This is a fairly pricey market .
How much tax are we really talking about ?
This is the part that really kills me . When people say that $ 250,000 a year is n't rich , they 're failing to understand that this is n't even the question . If you earn $ 250k and congress raises taxes on those earning more than $ 250k , the change will not impact you .
So how much money are we really talking about ?
If marginal rates go up 3 % on income earned over $ 250,000 :
– $ 260,000 , you 'll pay an extra $ 300/year . That 's $ 0.14-cents out of your $ 125 bucks/hour .
– $ 300,000 , you 'll pay an extra $ 1,500/year . That 's only $ 0.72-cents of your $ 144.23 big ones .
– $ 500,000 , you 'll pay an extra $ 7,500/year . That 's only $ 3.61-cents out of you $ 240.38 hourly smackeroos .
So really , we 're talking about pennies on the dollar , or at worst , dollars on the hundreds of dollars .
In light of all this , I do not think that rich people are too good to be paying their taxes . I think it 's high time . More than that , I think this whole debate is ridiculous .
* If you run the numbers using the chart linked , the number comes out mathematically impossibly small . It is my belief that they are mistaking .001 with .001 % , creating an error of 2-decimal places . Feel free to double-check the math , find additional sources , and cite them in the comments below . I 'll post a correction as needed .
From commuter cars to utility vehicles , we 'll get you cleaned up in a splash . With 17 locations in Portland , Salem , and Longview , Washman car wash offers a range of wash tunnel sizes to accommodate any vehicle up to 11 feet tall .
Live life in the fast lane . Go Unlimited !
Everything we do is focused on providing our customers with sparkling clean cars with fast and friendly service . Our formula is simple , we make people feel good by delivering a clean , dry and shiny car every time .
Buying a gift for someone ? We 'll chip in .
It may be a special occasion . Or , you may just know someone who 's car is in desperate need of a wash and you 're trying to save them the embarrassment . Good for you . We want to help .
Spend $ 30 or more on a Washman gift card , and we 'll add 20 % more value on us .
South Korean government says there are signs the regime is getting ready for what would be its fourth nuclear weapon test
North Korea could be preparing to conduct a fourth nuclear test , following signs of activity at the country 's main testing site , South Korea 's unification minister , Ryoo Kihl-jae , said on Monday .
Ryoo told a meeting with MPs at the national assembly that Seoul had acquired evidence of increased movement of vehicles and personnel at Punggye-ri , the Yonhap news agency said .
The site on North Korea 's north-east coast is where the country 's three previous controlled nuclear detonations – in 2006 , 2009 and on 12 February this year – took place .
Ryoo 's comments came after a South Korean newspaper quoted an unnamed government source as saying that workers appeared to be preparing for another test at Punggye-ri .
The JoongAng Ilbo quoted the source as saying that South Korean intelligence had detected `` increased activity of labour forces and vehicles '' at the site .
`` We are closely monitoring the ongoing situation , which is very similar to the situation ahead of the third nuclear test . We are trying to figure out whether it is a genuine preparation for a nuclear test or just a ploy to heap more pressure on us and the US , '' it said .
The prospect of a nuclear test is certain to add to tensions on the peninsula amid reports that the regime in Pyongyang could be planning to launch a medium-range missile from its east coat , possibly as early as Wednesday .
Any missile launch is expected to be a test rather than a targeted strike and could take place in the runup to the 101st anniversary of the birth of North Korea 's founder , Kim Il-sung , on 15 April . Another significant date is the anniversary of the foundation of the Korean people 's army 10 days later .
Last week , North Korea warned foreign embassies in Pyongyang it could not guarantee their safety from the threat of conflict after Wednesday this week and advised them to consider pulling their staff out of the capital .
The North has unleashed a barrage of threats since the UN imposed sanctions in response to February 's nuclear test . It has also been angered by military exercises involving South Korea and the US that are due to run to the end of the month .
The regime has threatened to launch nuclear strikes against the US mainland and its bases in the Pacific , declared itself in a `` state of war '' with South Korea and cut its military hotline with Seoul .
Last week , it banned South Korean workers from entering the Kaesong industrial complex – a jointly run enterprise located just north of the heavily armed border dividing the peninsula and an important source of hard currency for Pyongyang . The ban remained in place on Monday .
The North 's latest moves are being seen as an attempt to push fears of an impending military crisis in the hope of winning concessions from Washington . There are no signs that the regime is mobilising its army of 1.2 million in preparation for any sort of attack .
The chairperson of the US joint chiefs of staff , General Martin Dempsey , said they did not believe the North would take military action , but added : `` I ca n't take the chance that it wo n't . ''
The US has brought forward the deployment of a missile defence system to Guam , a US territory in the Pacific . It has drawn up plans with South Korea on how to respond to specific military provocations by the North .
The allies would `` respond more forcefully than in the recent past but in a limited way intended to prevent an escalation to broader war '' , the New York Times said , citing Pentagon officials .
A nuclear test would anger China , which has shown signs of growing frustration with North Korea , a major recipient of Chinese aid .
The Chinese president , Xi Jinping , alluded to North Korean provocations when they said no country `` should be allowed to throw a region and even the whole world into chaos for selfish gain '' in a speech on Sunday .
In a telephone conversation with the UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , at the weekend , China 's foreign minister , Wang Yi , said Beijing `` opposes provocative words and actions from any party in the region and do not allow trouble-making on China 's doorstep '' , according to the ministry 's website .
The commander of the 28,000 US troops based in South Korea , General James Thurman , abruptly cancelled a visit to Washington where they had been due to testify before congressional committees . Thurman would remain in Seoul as a `` prudent measure '' , according to a US military official quoted by the Associated Press .
The chairperson of South Korea 's joint chiefs of staff , General Jung Seung-jo , also cancelled a visit to Washington later this week in light of rising tensions at home .
Dan Pfeiffer , an adviser to President Obama , said the administration `` would n't be surprised '' if the North conducted a missile test or similar provocation .
Pfeiffer told ABC 's This Week that the North should `` stop their actions , start meeting their international obligations and put themselves in a position where they can achieve what is their stated goal , which is economic development , which will only happen if they rejoin the international community '' .
Media playback is not supported on this device Mo Farah runs third-quickest career 10,000m in Oregon
Highlights of the IAAF Diamond League BBC Two , 14:30 BST , Sunday , 29 May ( except Northern Ireland )
British Olympic champion Mo Farah ran the third-quickest time of their career to win the 10,000m at the Prefontaine Classic in Oregon .
Farah , who will defend their 5,000m and 10,000m titles in Rio , ran 26 minutes 53.71 seconds in their first track race since the 2015 World Championships .
Kenyan William Malel Sitonik came second in 26:54.66 and Ethiopian Tamirat Tola third in 26:57.33 .
`` I 'm kind of disappointed . I was hoping to run a lot faster , '' said Farah , 33 .
Inspired to try running ? Find out about how to get into running with our special guide .
Farah , who trains at the nearby Nike Oregon Project in Beaverton , is undefeated over 10,000m since the 2011 World Championships , having won the 5,000m and 10,000m double at the 2013 and 2015 worlds .
They stayed near the front until slightly past mid-race before dropping a little behind the leaders .
The Briton worked their way back and led at the bell before the 22-year-old Sitonik surged past with 250m remaining .
Sitonik was never able to open up a significant gap and Farah eased past their rival on the home straight .
`` I felt good at the beginning . Then about mid-race , I kind of felt like , not sluggish , but did n't quite get moving , '' Farah added . `` It was hard to pick it up . ''
Farah will continue their preparations for the Olympics with a 3,000m in Birmingham next week as they look to defend both their 5,000m and 10,000m titles in August .
The Prefontaine Classic in Eugene is the fourth event in this year 's Diamond League , and Saturday 's action will feature the 100m , including former world champions Tyson Gay and Justin Gatlin as well as the quickest man this year Femi Ogunode .
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .
By Japan K Pathak , Ahmedabad , 15 November 2012
So who is playing communal card in Gujarat in this election season ? So far as political parties and their leaders are concerned , the answer is very clear , and by the end of this article you too will be left in no doubt .
Ahead of the Assembly elections in Gujarat , the Election Commission of India ( ECI ) has so far served notices to five politicians in the state . It should be remembered here that the ECI issues a notice only when the manner of the violation of the code of conduct is extremely serious , and more so when it is backed up with proper evidence .
Of the five politicians who have been served notices so far , four belong to the Congress , while one is a BJP minister .
BJP minister Dileep Sanghani was served a notice and later reprimanded by the Election Commission for performing a groundbreaking ceremony of some local development work , a day after the code of conduct was announced .
But four Congress leaders have been served notices for more serious violations , pertaining to delivery of communal/hate speeches in public meetings .
The Commission registered FIRs against three congressmen ; Maksud A Kazi , general secretary of District Congress Minority Cell , Surat , Pirzada and another Congress leader Rizwan Usmani and Maulana Faiyaz Laturi under Sections 153A ( promoting enmity on religious and other grounds ) , 295A ( insulting religion ) and 505 ( 2 ) ( promoting hatred among classes ) of the IPC as well as under Section 125 of the Representation of People Act . The Election Commission reprimanded Kazi and Maulana Laturi while letting off another Congress leader Kadir Pirzada with a warning .
The fourth congressman facing an ECI notice is former Chief Minister Shankersinh Vaghela who enjoys the status of union Cabinet minister at present . Vaghela has been served a notice for “ making objectionable and inflammatory speech which can incite and induce communal hatred . ”
Though leaders are incapable of moving beyond their age-old practice of fomenting communal passions for votes , thankfully the world has moved ahead . Gone are the days when anyone could say anything and retract their statement later if questioned . Nowadays technology has made a big difference . Every complaint in the four cases mentioned above is attached with a video CD as evidence .
As per the video CD transcript of the Congress public meeting held on the 31st of October in Surat , Shankersinh Vaghela made the following remarks in their “ objectionable and inflammatory speech ” :
“ Godhra tragedy occurred . The train compartment was burnt . You people try to understand this conspiracy . The return journey of ‘ Karsevak ' from Ayodhya in that train was known to other ‘ Karsevak ' . If I am to come to Surat , Ashok Jariwala would know that I am coming by which mode of transport and when . So the knower can plan some conspiracy ( sic ) . ”
“ Let them kill or stab or cut whosoever they like , in the manner they like . Let Gujarat be open ( to violence ) ” .
“ Massacre was planned to get votes of the Hindus . ”
“ One Maulavi with a long beard was embraced by them and the Maulavi got delighted . I said , “ Maulavi Saheb , this is not a sign of love or affection . They are merely measuring your neck , so that when the time comes it should be available without any effort . ”
Moving to the speeches of other Congress leaders who were served notices , the Commission observed in the case of Congress leaders Pirzada and Maulana Laturi that they delivered inflammatory and communal hatred speeches in the 21st October Congress rally at Tadkeshwar , Mandvi in Surat district , containing the following objectionable remarks :
“ Remember the day when Godhra was going on……… .. remember the day when molestations took place , when mothers and sisters were molested and looted , remember the day when people 's houses and shops were burnt… . We tolerated it and today 17 cases are going on… “
“ When such an occasion comes atrocities are committed against Muslims and when there is no one between a Muslims and Allah ( sic ) . Look at one example that has come up… .. Babu Bajrangi had said that they will cut this and that…… . Allah has cut them in such a manner that they will not be able to move… .. does it ever happen amongst us… that there is a communal riot and someone amongst us goes and kills a Hindu… does our religion allow it… ”
“ A Bharvad ( Shepherd community ) enters the house of a Muslim . A lady who had a delivery is lying there , Bharvad takes out the sacrificial meat and Bharvad claims that it is beef . How they can dare to enter our houses without any kind of fear of revenge ” .
“ Those who raise fingers at our community will not be tolerated by us . We will not be swayed by stupid people… .. There was a meeting 15 to 20 days ago an Ulemea ( Muslim scholar ) had made some allegations against paigambar ( prophet ) … we will never tolerate it and all Ulemas gathered at Anand and have taken a decision that until this person is removed from Haj Committee chairperson ( sic ) and till their feet are cut we will not sit silently…… ”
These speeches and subsequent actions taken by the ECI clearly show who 's playing the communal card in these elections . It also shows that post the Sadbhavana fast undertaken by the Gujarat CM , the Gujarat Congress has grave doubts as to whether the party can retain its loyal Muslim votes any longer , and perhaps therefore they are stirring up memories of riots that took place more than a decade ago .
The contents of Shankersinh 's speech make it clear why they are no longer taken seriously . Shankersinh with their unique belief that both the Godhra train tragedy and the Akshardham terror attack were masterminded by the Chief Minister , competes well with none other than Digvijay Singh who was seen launching a book claiming that 26/11 was masterminded by the RSS .
It should also be noted here that when the ECI ordered an FIR to be filed against Maulana Laturi and two congressmen , not a single person from the Muslim community came out onto the streets in protest . This shows how little ground support such elements really enjoy on such issues .
So on one side we have the spirit of “ Sauno saath sauno vikaas ” , while on the other there are communal hate speeches aplenty like the ones partially listed above . While the Congress 's immaturity stays well exposed , in the coming elections it is the maturity of the Muslim voter that will be put to the test .
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings .
Aug. 20 , 2013 , 10:51 PM GMT By Alister Doyle
OSLO , Norway —- Climate scientists are surer than ever that human activity is causing global warming , according to leaked drafts of a major U.N. report , but they are finding it harder than expected to predict the impact in specific regions in coming decades .
The uncertainty is frustrating for government planners : the report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) is the main guide for states weighing multibillion-dollar shifts to renewable energy from fossil fuels , for coastal regions considering extra sea defenses or crop breeders developing heat-resistant strains .
Drafts seen by Reuters of the study by the U.N. panel of experts , due to be published next month , say it is at least 95 percent likely that human activities — chiefly the burning of fossil fuels — are the main cause of warming since the 1950s .
That is up from at least 90 percent in the last report in 2007 , 66 percent in 2001 , and just over 50 percent in 1995 , steadily squeezing out the arguments by a small minority of scientists that natural variations in the climate might be to blame .
That shifts the debate to the extent of temperature rises and the likely impacts , from manageable to catastrophic . Governments have agreed to work out an international deal by the end of 2015 to rein in rising emissions .
`` We have got quite a bit more certain that climate change ... is largely human-made , '' said Reto Knutti , a professor at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich . `` We 're less certain than many would hope about the local impacts . ''
And gauging how warming would affect nature , from crops to fish stocks , was also proving hard , since it goes far beyond physics . `` You ca n't write an equation for a tree , '' they said .
The IPCC report , the first of three to be released in 2013 and 2014 , will face intense scrutiny , particularly after the panel admitted a mistake in the 2007 study that wrongly predicted all Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2035 . Experts say the error far overestimated the melt and might have been based on a misreading of the year 2350 .
The new study will state with greater confidence than in 2007 that rising human-made greenhouse gas emissions have already meant more heat waves . But it is likely to play down some tentative findings from 2007 , such as that human activities have contributed to more droughts .
Almost 200 governments have agreed to try to limit global warming to below 2 degrees Celsius ( 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) above pre-industrial times , seen as a threshold for dangerous changes including more droughts , extinctions , floods and rising seas that could swamp coastal regions and entire island nations .
The report will flag a high risk that global temperatures will increase this century by more than that level , and will say that evidence of rising sea levels is now `` unequivocal . ''
For all that , scientists say it is proving harder to pinpoint local impacts in coming decades in a way that would help planners .
Drew Shindell , a NASA climate scientist , said the relative lack of progress in regional predictions was the main disappointment of climate science since 2007 .
`` I talk to people in regional power planning . They ask : 'What 's the temperature going to be in this region in the next 20 to 30 years , because that 's where our power grid is ? ' '' they said .
`` We ca n't really tell . It 's a shame , '' said Shindell . Like the other scientists interviewed , they were speaking about climate science in general since the last IPCC report , not about the details of the latest drafts .
Warming slowing
The panel will try to explain why global temperatures , while still increasing , have risen more slowly since about 1998 even though greenhouse gas concentrations have hit repeated record highs in that time , led by industrial emissions by China and other emerging nations .
An IPCC draft says there is `` medium confidence '' that the slowing of the rise is `` due in roughly equal measure '' to natural variations in the weather and to other factors affecting energy reaching the Earth 's surface .
Scientists believe causes could include : greater-than-expected quantities of ash from volcanoes , which dims sunlight ; a decline in heat from the sun during a current 11-year solar cycle ; more heat being absorbed by the deep oceans ; or the possibility that the climate may be less sensitive than expected to a build-up of carbon dioxide .
`` It might be down to minor contributions that all add up , '' said Gabriele Hegerl , a professor at Edinburgh University . Or maybe , scientists say , the latest decade is just a blip .
The main scenarios in the draft , using more complex computer models than in 2007 and taking account of more factors , show that temperatures could rise anywhere from a fraction of 1 degree C ( 1.8 degree F ) to almost 5 degrees C ( 9 degrees F ) this century , a wider range at both ends than in 2007 .
The low end , however , is because the IPCC has added what diplomats say is an improbable scenario for radical government action — not considered in 2007 — that would require cuts in global greenhouse gases to zero by about 2070 .
Temperatures have already risen by 0.8 degrees C ( 1.4 degrees F ) since the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century .
Experts say that the big advance in the report , due for a final edit by governments and scientists in Stockholm from Sept. 23 to 26 , is simply greater confidence about the science of global warming , rather than revolutionary new findings .
Sea levels
`` Overall our understanding has strengthened , '' said Michael Oppenheimer , a professor at Princeton University , pointing to areas including sea level rise .
An IPCC draft projects seas will rise by between 29 and 82 centimeters ( 11.4 to 32.3 inches ) by the late 21st century — above the estimates of 18 to 59 centimeters in the last report , which did not fully account for changes in Antarctica and Greenland .
The report slightly tones down past tentative findings that more intense tropical cyclones are linked to human activities . Warmer air can contain more moisture , however , making downpours more likely in future .
`` There is widespread agreement among hurricane scientists that rainfall associated with hurricanes will increase noticeably with global warming , '' said Kerry Emanuel , of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
`` But measuring rainfall is very tricky , '' they said .
More about climate change :
Only one Palestinian minor of 853 charged with rock-throwing between 2005-2010 was acquitted , according to a new report by the human rights group B'Tselem .
B'Tselem based its report , which is being released Monday , on data it obtained from the Israel Defense Forces spokesperson about minors who were arrested during those six years and charged solely with rock-throwing ; it does not relate to those charged with other crimes .
A Palestinian youth throwing a stone at IDF forces during the weekly protest near Bi'lin in May . Moti Milrod
The nearly 100-percent conviction rate stems from , among other things , the willingness of the detainees to plead guilty as part of a plea agreement , the report says . The pressure to plead guilty is great , because generally minors charged with throwing rocks are held in custody until the end of legal proceedings ; a regular trial could keep them detained for longer than the sentence they receive after pleading guilty , which is usually no more than a few months .
Of the 853 arrested , 18 were aged 12-13 and 255 were 14-15 .
Sixty percent of the 12-13 year-olds received prison terms ranging from a few days to up to two months .
Fifteen percent of all the minors served terms of more than six months and 1 percent served longer than a year .
Because of the frequency of these incidents , B'Tselem was not able to get an exact tally of how many had actually occurred in the West Bank during those years . The Judea and Samaria police reported 2,100 to 3,000 incidents annually during those years , while the IDF Spokesman reported 3,600 to 4,300 incidents each year .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
Nor could B'Tselem ascertain how many minors had been detained by the security forces for stone-throwing but were let go without being charged .
Because military law does not afford minors the same rights that they have under Israeli law , in many of the cases B'Tselem investigated , the minors were arrested at night , were not allowed to be accompanied by a parent or other adult when arrested , and were brought before a judge only eight days after being taken into custody .
“ In terms of numbers , the [ B'Tselem ] report is not accurate , because during this period , I personally acquitted a number of minors , ” said one judge in the army reserves , who dealt with many cases of stone-throwing minors .
“ But there 's no doubt that it reflects a very problematic situation . Nearly all minors are convicted of stone-throwing because they have no choice but to sign a plea agreement , for which the punishment is usually between one to three months , and if they go to evidence they 'll sit longer . The High Court has ruled that anyone throw stones at a person or vehicle can be remanded until the end of legal proceedings .
“ Of course , it 's terrible that they arrest them in the middle of the night and question them without lawyers , ” the judge said . “ Sometimes this provides an impetus to release them . But there should be a legal mechanism under which a minor who throws stones for the first time and does n't hurt anyone can be released , and for the responsibility of probation to be imposed on the father , who will have to keep an eye on him . ”
The IDF Spokesman , in a detailed response to B'Tselem , wrote : “ Although legal systems that are established under military law do not include special arrangements for judging minors , over the past year a youth court has been established that improves the defense of minors ' rights .
“ The Military Youth Court protects minors ' rights , allows the minors to be heard without adults present , gives more freedom of expression to the minors and allows for a broader discussion of parental responsibility as a substitute for punishment . ”
The IDF Spokesman added that although it had asked B'Tselem to deal with the issue of judging minors in a fair and complete fashion , and had given B'Tselem information about 160 cases in which minors who were used by terror groups to carry out serious terror attacks , “ the group chose not to deal with the issue of judging minors in a balanced manner and did not deal with the use of minors by terror groups in a fashion that violates human rights and contravenes international law . ”
Jose Mourinho has praised Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's lifestyle and professionalism and said the veteran striker provides the perfect role model for young players at Manchester United .
Ibrahimovic , 35 , has already made 24 appearances for United this season , scoring 14 goals including the late winner against Crystal Palace on Wednesday .
`` He 's a great example . ''
More from the manager on @ Ibra_official 's impact at # MUFC ... https : //t.co/vKDOJZhXnL - Manchester United ( @ ManUtd ) December 16 , 2016
`` He 's a great example to be honest , '' Mourinho said . `` In every aspect they are very professional . Even in something that is very difficult in today 's football players lives . They are great on their family life , keeping their family life the most possible private , with their lifestyle very , very professional too .
`` He is a great example in everything and when you have them and [ Michael ] Carrick who are 35 years old , I think the kids could n't have better players to look at . ''
Mourinho confirmed that Ibrahimovic will start against West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League on Saturday but after that they will be given some time off in order to manage their workload over the festive schedule .
Follow @ ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates .
At Oliv , a snazzy glass and concrete café in Berlin 's trendy Mitte district , Teena Marie is pouring forth full blast from the speakers while a fashion-forward clientele busies itself with sipping cappuccinos . The newspapers are full of impending economic doom . But the hot spot 's owner , Hans Thedeck , is n't buying it .
`` We do n't feel it at all , '' they said . `` It 's a lot of theory , this crisis . These financial types , they make crises and they make stimulus packages -- it 's all very hypothetical . Everything ca n't always keep growing ; you ca n't have 4 percent growth every year . It just does n't have that much to do with real life . ''
At least , not in Berlin it does n't . For most in the German capital , the financial crisis and the ensuing economic downturn seem unreal , a distant problem affecting other cities far away . The reason ? The city was n't doing terribly well even in the good times . It has become used to a dour economy and did n't have very far to fall .
`` Because Berlin has done relatively so poorly for the last 40 years , it ca n't do much worse , '' Michael Burda , an economist at the city 's Humboldt University , told SPIEGEL ONLINE .
If anything , the economic difficulties facing other European capitals will lead to Berlin fears that it may lose its coveted place at the bottom of the heap . The city thrives on its grungy , unkempt image , one that Mayor Klaus Wowereit immortalized in their 2003 comment that Berlin is `` poor but sexy . '' Municipal services are kept at a bare minimum , with garbage often blowing down Berlin 's wide boulevards and sidewalks left covered with ice and snow until the weather changes .
From an economic perspective , of course , such neglect is the result of Berlin 's limited tax revenues . Some 15 percent of city residents are unemployed , a number much lower than it has been in recent years . In some central Berlin districts , the jobless percentage is over 20 . Plus , much of the tax revenue the city does generate goes toward serving the city 's 60 billion debt .
Indeed , when it comes to the financial crisis , Berlin can rightfully turn up its nose with a `` been-there-done-that '' sniff . Throughout the 1990s , the Bankgesellschaft Berlin busied itself with handing out questionable loans in the real estate and construction sectors -- and then bundling them into funds sold to private investors .
It was , in fact , a practice not unlike that which led to the current finance crisis . The result was largely the same as well . The city government was forced to plug the enormous , multi-billion euro hole that resulted when the house of cards came crashing down at the beginning of this decade .
No Industry , No Industrial Meltdown
But the city has since transformed its commitment to chic poverty into one of its key selling points -- and it is one which has so far protected it from the tidal wave of economic bad news . Berlin 's lack of industry means it is immune to the shocks being suffered in other parts of the country where auto manufacturers and engineering companies are feeling the full impact of the global economic slowdown .
Clemens Teschendorf , spokesperson for the Berlin finance department , says the city 's unemployment is bound to rise , but it wo n't be a big shock to the city 's system , because it will affect areas where joblessness is already high . Furthermore , 80 percent of Berlin 's economic output comes from the service sector , which does n't typically react immediately to economic downturns . And a further 10 percent comes from the federal and state government .
`` Germany has a large , stable administrative apparatus that runs the country from Berlin . Maybe they 'll take pay cuts , too . But there 's a service industry devoted to serving these people , '' said Burda , the Humboldt professor .
And even when it comes to tourism , the outlook is n't entirely bleak . Berlin is the hub for a number of cut-rate airlines like Easy Jet and Air Berlin -- exactly the kind of carriers that appear well positioned this year as flyers seek to save money . For those looking for a weekend away , Berlin remains a cheap destination .
`` We were behind on the economic upswing , and now we 're behind on the downturn , '' Teschendorf told SPIEGEL ONLINE .
Pull for Creative People
Indeed , about the only part of Berlin 's hipster image that might take an immediate hit is its famous art scene . Burda says that Berlin 's reputation as a `` creative capital '' could bring the city real dividends down the road . At the moment , though , the high-end art market is suffering . Whether that will trickle down to the niche occupied by Berlin remains to be seen .
`` Berlin has a very strong creative life , '' said Felix Hoffmann , curator at C/O Berlin , a private photography exhibition space . `` But it 's hard to say what will happen . ''
At least one outsider thinks the effect wo n't be that great at all . `` Berlin is now the only place in the world you can go where everyone is n't depressed , '' said Marc Glimcher , president of PaceWildenstein art galleries in New York . `` That 's because in Berlin , it 's always a recession . That 's what being an artist in Berlin is all about -- in this evolutionary cycle , they 're perfectly adapted for survival . ''
Gay men are one of the most dynamic and interesting subgenus in the human populous , issues surrounding gay sex and gay culture have been a source of distress , wild disagreements , blatant ignorance – and general outrage over the years . For such a dynamic group of men , there are still some medieval customs and non-progressive habits we hold on to that do n't stand to further a more mainstream attitude towards gay men and acceptance as a societal normalcy . Here 's a suggestion of five things gay men should stop doing .
1 . Describing yourself as straight acting
The premise of sexual orientation is limited to sexual preferences , not how interested you are in sports , how masculine you dress and talk or how reserved you are . Describing yourself as straight acting does n't put you in a special class of gay men who are more desirable . Straight acting men – do not sleep with men , misogyny does n't serve to advance or improve society 's impressions of gay men .
2 . Baring it all on Dating Websites , But still “ Looking for Friendship ”
To the gay man using a photo of their erect member or supple behind as their primary profile picture on dating websites with the premise , looking for friendship , stop . Regardless of how nice you think your penis is or how anaconda worthy your behind , advertising sex is unlikely to attract people interested in more than just sex . Be specific in your profile and clear about your intentions , state what you 're looking for in a respectful manner and for Pete 's sake , stop taking close up photos of your anus .
3 . Femme Shaming
The ironic joke of gay culture is the idealization of hetero-normative behavior , not only is this self loathing practice hurtful but it only helps to perpetuate the stereotype that all gay men act feminine . This limits the spectrum of expression men are allowed to be comfortable with , any behavior which can be interpreted as feminine becomes undesirable , and gay men inclined to this form of expression become outcasts in an already ostracized group .
4 . Using Sexual Labels as Life Labels
Top , bottom and verse are labels gay men used to describe their preference for penetration during intercourse . But for some gay men , the labels take on a form outside of sex and become labels used to determine how they live their life . Stop this , now . Stereotyping men in accordance to their sexual label or adopting to stereotypes is non-progressive . There is no hard and fast rule book that determines how a top should act , and how a bottom should act . Stop trying to make it happen , it 's not going to happen .
5 . Slut-shaming other gay men
There are enough heterosexuals in the world calling gay men whores . Freedom of sexual expression is something you 'd expect a repressed feminist to rant about but the same is similar in the gay community – especially for men on the receiving end of sex . If you are concerned about someone else 's sex life , research shows that there is an 80 percent chance you might not be getting enough . There is no hard and fast rule that dictates when to have sex with someone . Instead of slut-shaming encourage the person to practice safer sex , since their sex life is your prerogative .
The Attractor
Having had to watch Alexis Sanchez draw plaudits from all quarters , the club-record signing stepped up in their absence to stake a claim heading into the final months of the season .
Follow Alex Young on
LONDON - Arsene Wenger was hailed following Arsenal 's 2-0 win over Manchester City after a tactical shift brushed the Premier League champion aside . It was a 'new dawn ' for the Gunners . So , then , where was club-record signing and World Cup winner Mesut Ozil ? An unused substitute on the bench , that 's where.Ozil has , for quite some time , failed to live up to their 42 million pound billing while others have stepped up in their place . Alexis Sanchez has been the superstar signing Arsenal fans had hoped Ozil would be , scoring 18 goals already this season . While the Chilean 's stock has soared week on week , the German 's has faded into the background while their rehabilitation from injury continued.But Ozil was back on Sunday , handed their first league start since a disastrous showing - along with the majority of their teammates - in a 2-0 loss to Chelsea in October . Wenger has praised Ozil 's desire to get back to playing , detailing their `` hunger '' in recent weeks.He started against Brighton in the FA Cup , and scored , desperate to stake their claim and they were again rewarded against Villa . It was a stronger Ozil , a leaner Ozil and looking on at the Emirates on Sunday , the German is a noticeably more intimidating presence.Walcott said after the game : `` Mesut has worked tremendously hard since coming back from injury , like myself . They showed it on the pitch today . It 's not going to happen overnight , but it has for him ! In two games since coming back he 's got two goals . `` Not just that , their whole general play - interchanging with players and looking for the balls in behind , their touch is absolutely fantastic and [ it was ] a fantastic finish . `` It all clicked for Ozil on Sunday . From the word go , their deft flick to free Giroud for the first goal was an example of the `` world class '' ability Wenger spoke of upon signing them 18 months ago . Their goal , too , was impressive as they calmly slotted into the bottom corner to put the Gunners two up . But it has n't always been like this . For so long Ozil has looked out-of-sorts in England and , to be frank , utterly upstaged by their teammates.Ozil insisted earlier in the season that they had `` nothing to prove '' to Arsenal , hitting back at critics who made them one of the scapegoats as the club endured the worst ever start to a Premier League season - but if Sunday 's showing is anything to go by , they do n't necessarily believe that.Perhaps even more promising and appealing to Arsenal fans was the way Ozil and Santi Cazorla complimented each other . Previously , Cazorla has been shuffled around to accommodate the expensive German - pushed out wide to allow the £42 million man free reign.Not on Sunday though . It was roles reversed and Arsenal ran riot , even without the season 's shining light , Sanchez . Both scored , both assisted for a teammate - Cazorla with two - and both were the most effective in attack - topping Opta 's charts for touches , successful passes and chances created , among many others.The last time Ozil started on the wing it was the 2-0 loss to Chelsea and the German 's deficiencies in defense were exposed . But now , under this 'new dawn ' with Francis Coquelin providing added steel and Aaron Ramsey in a more withdrawn role , could Arsenal 's talented German finally deliver on a consistent basis ? In typical fashion , Wenger was full of praise for Ozil after the game but with an added word of warning , telling reporters : `` He still lacks a competitive edge and sharpness but the quality of their game was exceptional . `` Either way , Ozil started February - a month which also includes the north London derby against top-four rival Tottenham and an all-important Champions League last-16 clash with Monaco - with a performance finally worthy of note . Not bad timing , for player and team alike .
2015 has been , in some ways , the year that fanfiction came into the mainstream . Whether you love or hate Fifty Shades of Grey , the film made a big splash at the box office and Grey , the retelling of Fifty Shades from Christain Grey 's POV , shattered book sales records . Speculation popped up in major news outlets asking if Harper Lee can beat Grey in sales . Harper Lee ! Spoiler alert : To Set a Watchman sold 1.1 million copies in six days vs. Grey 's 1.1 million in four days . You win this round , Grey .
It 's not just fanfic that 's having a moment , though . Fanartists are starting to see their work bring in real money from outside the fandom world . Huge companies such as the BBC , Lucasfilm , Marvel , and Disney have all licensed popular fanworks in the last couple years , legitimizing fanart in completely new ways .
Even with a modicum of acceptance , though , most fan creators find it hard to shake the eyerolls or even downright offensive commentary . With this new wave of legitimacy , I wanted to talk to leaders in the fanfic and fanart worlds to get a better sense of what inspired them to create , how they feel about the higher profile , and how they see their work being devalued—not just in the media but from within the assumed safe space of fandom .
Sometimes , it 's about community
Community is a bit of a watch word in the fanfic and fanart communities , and for good reason . When I put out the call for fan creators , nearly everyone who answered—whether writers and artists themselves or just admirers—had a recommendation ready .
“ Here 's an article . ”
“ Here 's a story to read . ”
“ Here is a piece of art I think represents me . ”
Betty Days , an author in the Marvel and Supernatural fandoms , was one of the first to respond . They put the idea of community into perspective right away . They told me that , at a rough point in their life , they found themselves without an outlet for all the feelings bottling up inside , so they decided to try their hand at Supernatural fanfic .
“ I woke up the next morning to dozens of kudos and a handful of comments . I had never before written something so voraciously consumed by an audience , and perhaps that 's the biggest benefit to fanfic : You will nearly always have an audience . In a world where attention is a precious commodity , fanfic is a thriving economy . ”
Sometimes , it 's about representation
Another narrative that quickly emerges as you talk to fans and creators alike is the need to see themselves represented . That need—whether for more female characters , queer characters , characters of color , or really anything not seen enough in the mainstream—is partly what fosters that sense of camaraderie .
Like many people I spoke to , Anna Clutterbock-Cook , owner of maybe the best handle of all time ( thefeministlibrarian ) , first started writing fanfic out of a desire to see people like themselves represented in media : “ Politically , I 'm a feminist and queer woman who identifies as bisexual , and I 'm in a relationship with a woman ( married since 2012 ) . So I 'm both intellectually fascinated by the activity of engaging with source material in this way and personally invested in generating these narratives… ” As a result , most fanfic they write is n't for worlds she 's a fan of but instead comes out of a want to “ fill a niche ” where they see a lack of representation in a particular fandom .
In addition to the idea of non-canon relationships and slash ( stay with me ) , race-bending and gender-bending are popular genres .
“ I do n't do it much anymore , since I want to try to focus on canon characters of colour first , ” explained artist Samantha Borje . “ But I really enjoyed reading tags/comments on the [ race-bent ] work . One of my friends even said they wanted to try cosplaying as Kate Bishop from Young Avengers/Hawkeye after seeing my interpretation of them as East/Southeast Asian , and I loved that . ”
Kiki Jenkins , whose gender-bent Supernatural artwork has evolved into a full-blown graphic novel called Idolon , thinks there 's a general misunderstanding about why they create gender-bent works .
They said , “ They think that I 'm ‘ unhappy ' that most of the Supernatural characters [ are ] male and that I 'm someone who lobbies for them to be turned female . This is n't at all true . I , like a lot of Supernatural viewers , believe that the show has done a disservice to their female characters . ”
Not all is perfect in fandom
Like most communities , the fanworks world still has its issues when it comes to representation , especially in fandoms that are more white and male .
In the Dragon Age fandom , where Samantha Borje has recently begun creating art , there has been backlash against canonically straight characters becoming gay and against non-canon interracial couples . That type of reaction gives them pause when they choose the pairings for their art : “ Even if hostility is not directed towards me personally but I still see it happening , I feel much less inclined to make work for certain things . I think eventually I 'd do it anyway , but in any case , it 's not very encouraging . ”
On the flip side , some controversy recently erupted when a fan artist whose work had repeatedly been called into question as problematic supposedly tried to commit suicide as a result of online harassment from within the fan community .
Embrace the bad stuff
I see you walking away . Nope ; come back here , because I 'm headed right to Dira Sudis—another Marvel fan author—who makes a fantastic case for why even objectively bad art has its place .
Sudis informed me that in librarianship—yes , another librarian—there are five laws . Number two and three are , “ Every reader their book , ” and , “ Every book its reader. ” It is a librarian 's responsibility to match the right book with every reader , regardless of their own opinion of the story .
“ Good or bad do n't really enter into it ; I do n't think I ever met a librarian who thought Fifty Shades was an objectively good book , but I also do n't think I ever met a librarian who did n't do everything in their power to get copies of it into the hands of readers , ” they told me .
Sudis went on to link the idea of bad fanfic with representation , saying that even the most cringe-worthy stories might have a deeper connection for some readers :
Somewhere out there is a person who genuinely actually needs to read that badly punctuated story about two Transformers getting it on…Maybe because their gender identity or sexual orientation or abuse history or some other thing going on in their life makes them feel uncomfortable thinking about sex involving squishy vulnerable human bodies , and robots having sex helps them to express , or understand , something about their own identity or desire that they ca n't get at any other way .
Think Before you Devalue
Let 's go all the way back to this past summer when E.L. James participated in an epically doomed Twitter Q & A with fans . It did n't take long for people to utilize the # AskELJames forum to wittily dump on the author about their problematic portrayals of violence and sex . I laughed ; the internet laughed . It felt like karma , but then Britta Lundin wrote an article about how the incident exposed the more sexist and ageist views that feed into anti-fanfic sentiment .
In a fascinating essay in 2009 , Dira Sudis drew parallels between Joanna Russ ' mind-blowing book How to Suppress Women 's Writing and the criticisms often heaped on fan authors . Arguments like , “ She wrote it , but look what they wrote about , ” “ She wrote it , but they are n't really an artist , and it is n't really art , ” and , “ She wrote it , but they should n't have , ” are all pretty standard when the media discusses fanworks . A woman 's work is always “ less than , ” and just like the crueler # AskELJames tweets , there is an undercurrent of , “ How dare you be a woman making this thing ? ”
Unsurprisingly , all of the creators I spoke to were conscious of a certain devaluation of their work . They were , however , quick to point out that devaluation does n't just come in the form of overtly offensive comments from outsiders , but also from within fandoms themselves , where the idea of fan fiction and fan art are thrown out as synonymous with worthless filth .
Even on the con circuit—a place you 'd think voracious fandom would be welcomed—Kiki Jenkins has seen a rising trend of “ bad fanfic ” readings . Sometimes , explicit erotica is forced upon talent to read aloud in order to elicit an embarrassed and negative reaction .
“ I get disappointed at people who treat us like zoo animals , ” says Betty Days . “ Who are interested in our culture and our words and the way we work , who study it under a lens and then show it to their peers like , ‘ look at these weirdoes , what freaks . ' ”
It 's a sentiment most cultures or movements might feel and never get a chance to state outright , but it gave me pause . I 've done that . I 've engaged in “ hey , let 's read bad fanfic ” behavior without giving a thought to the creator or how much heart might have gone into those two sentences that send me into a fit of giggles . I 'm a writer , and I do that . I should know better .
Perhaps even more importantly , the fanfic and fanart communities are overwhelmingly female and without the need to please anyone but themselves and other fans ( i.e . no studios , no networks , no publishers ) , they have the agency and freedom to create works that speak to that experience—to tell stories wholly through the female gaze . Where in any type of media can that be said ?
Rachel Crouch ( @ racrouch ) works in film by day and writes by night/while she 's on the phone/on their lunch hour . Nothing makes them happier than breaking down gender in media , Star Wars , and doing Madeline Kahn impressions . They are currently a contributor over at Everygeek.net and was once a Babe in the Woods .
—Please make note of The Mary Sue 's general comment policy.—
Do you follow The Mary Sue on Twitter , Facebook , Tumblr , Pinterest , & Google + ?
This delicious , healthy Tiramisu Rice Pudding is like having dessert for breakfast ! Enjoyed hot or cold , this can be easily prepped for grab and go breakfasts and is vegan , gluten free , sugar free , high in protein and a carb free option !
Oh the things we associate with adulthood as kids .
When I 'm an adult- I 'll work a corporate 9-5 job , sit at a desk and have a black briefcase named Nigel .
Wrong .
I tried that out and realised my fulfilment factor was at an all-time low .
When I 'm an adult- I 'll have a beard , wear ironed Ralph Lauren shirts and matching ties .
Wrong .
One pair of track pants and a single hoodie gets more use than all my shirts combined . Also , Ralph Lauren shirts look like bloody muumuus on me .
When I 'm an adult- I 'll stop using hair wax , have a combover and never let my hair grow past my ears .
Wrong .
I am a mop in human form .
When I 'm an adult- My sister and I will help my mother with the bills , discuss the current political climate and consider mowing the lawn fun .
….I broke our lawn mover trying to find the ‘ on ' switch . I was then informed that you had the pull the level and it required petrol to start up .
When I 'm an adult- I 'll drink coffee .
Right .
Oh coffee . They do n't call you liquid gold for no reason .
As a kid , this one was perhaps the biggest indicator of adulthood- Enjoying coffee and drinking it 0n a daily basis .
I remember growing up , coffee was something which was deemed unsuitable for kids . Maybe it was the combination of caffeine and childhood development or maybe Oprah said it and my mum took it as verbatim but for me- It was n't something I grew up drinking .
Being the rebel I was , I 'd enjoy coffee in every other form besides that . Whenever we 'd get ice cream , coffee would be my flavour of choice and when given the chance to choose a candy at the supermarket , I 'd always pick the Kopiko coffee drops ( Side note- I am legitimately going to buy a pack the next time I 'm at the supermarket…Craving = sparked ) . When it came to desserts , however , tiramisu would not be my first choice .
Why ?
‘ Tiramisu contains alcohol so you 're not allowed ' .
Traditional tiramisu does n't contain alcohol but mum had a Christmas issue of ‘ Women 's Weekly ‘ which had a theme of ‘ adding spirits to everyday desserts. ‘
Thanks mum . I hope an upcoming issue of the Women 's Weekly claim that sons should be treated like royalty over daughters .
Safe to say , I never tried Tiramisu properly until I was at a high school formal and it was one of two desserts offered . To say I was a fan would be an understatement- I not only ate my own desert , but my dates tiramisu , my friends ' dates tiramisu AND my English teacher 's tiramisu .
See what deprivation does ?
This Healthy tiramisu rice pudding is part of my the various rice pudding variations mentioned here . High in protein , sugar free , gluten free and vegan , this is the perfect healthy breakfast choice to prep the night before to eat cold in the morning or warm if that 's how you roll ! The added protein powder provides a protein boost and the sweetness . The combination of coffee granules and cocoa powder provide the necessary dark , bitter taste which compliments it perfectly . For those who are n't a fan of the caffeine in coffee ( like Niki ) , I made this using decaf granules and it still provides the coffee taste , minus the….zing ?
Several readers who tried out the original Apple Cinnamon version advised me that for those watching their carb intake , can make it using a product called ‘ miracle rice ' which is a pretty much carb free substitute . Whilst I can not personally vouch for it , from feedback , it seems to be a great alternative so do n't let the ‘ rice ' in the recipe hold you back !
Make this Healthy Tiramisu Rice Pudding and let 's get breakfast for dessert a standard part of your routine .
Women 's Weekly…make this your next feature .
Healthy Tiramisu Rice Pudding 2015-04-19 07:33:25 Serves 1 This delicious , healthy Tiramisu Rice Pudding is like having dessert for breakfast ! Enjoyed hot or cold , this can be easily prepped for grab and go breakfasts and is vegan , gluten free , sugar free , high in protein and a carb free option ! Write a review Save Recipe Print Ingredients 3/4 cup cooked rice * pinch sea salt 1 scoop vanilla protein powder 1 tsp coffee granules * * 1 tsp cocoa powder 1/2-1 cup dairy free milk of choice ( I used vanilla almond milk ) * * * 1 tsp granulated sweetener of choice 1 tsp dark cocoa powder 1/4 tsp coffee granules Stovetop Version In a saucepan , add the cooked rice , sea salt , cocoa and coffee granules and mix well . Add you milk of choice and bring to a simmer on medium heat . After 5 minutes , add the vanilla protein powder and mix until fully incorporated . Add additional milk if desired and continue to simmer until desired thickness . Remove from heat and set aside . In a small mixing bowl , combine the coffee granules , cocoa powder and granulated sweetener of choice and mix well . If eating the pudding warm , top immediately and serve or reserve to top once eaten cold . Microwave version In a large , microwave safe bowl , add the cooked brown rice with the sea salt , cocoa and coffee granules and mix well . Add the dairy free milk and microwave for 1- 2 minutes , watching to ensure it does n't overflow . Remove from the microwave and stir though the protein powder until fully incorporated . Add more milk ( if protein powder is thick ) and cook for an extra minute . Remove from microwave and set aside . n a small mixing bowl , combine the coffee granules , cocoa powder and granulated sweetener of choice and mix well . If eating the pudding warm , top immediately and serve or reserve to top once eaten cold . Notes * For a carb free version , use 1 package of miracle rice * * For a stronger coffee taste , add an extra tsp or so * * * Eyeball the liquid . Dependant on your protein powder , you may need more or less . Similar to oatmeal , if you prefer a thicker rice pudding , reduce the liquid . By Arman @ thebigmansworld The Big Man 's World ® https : //thebigmansworld.com/
Want more healthy breakfast choices that taste like dessert ? No worries .
Healthy Tiramisu Oatmeal Pudding ( Gluten Free , Sugar Free , High Protein )
No Bake Cake Batter Breakfast Cookies ( Vegan , Sugar Free , Gluten Free , High Protein )
No Bake Peanut Butter Cup Breakfast Cookies ( Vegan , Gluten Free , High Protein )
When I 'm an adult… .. ?
What did you associate adulthood with growing up ?
What is your favourite way to drink coffee ?
The Atheist Experience TV Show
Atheist Experience 23.08 : Gender Discrimination and Measles
Jen discusses gender discrimination in the draft and measles vaccination .
This episode aired on February 24 , 2019 .
Recent audio podcasts
Listen to `` The Atheist Experience '' on Spreaker .
What is the Atheist Experience ?
The Atheist Experience is a weekly Internet television show based in Austin , Texas geared at a non-atheist audience . Every week we field live calls from atheists and believers alike , and you never know what you 're going to get ! Sometimes it can get quite feisty indeed ! You do n't want to miss it .
The Atheist Experience is produced by the Atheist Community of Austin . The Atheist Community of Austin is organized as a nonprofit educational corporation to develop and support the atheist community , to provide opportunities for socializing and friendship , to promote secular viewpoints , to encourage positive atheist culture , to defend the first amendment principle of state-church separation , to oppose discrimination against atheists and to work with other organizations in pursuit of common goals . See Frank 's `` You 're the Devil ! '' promo , right , or all our promos . If you 'd like to check out other `` bite sized '' nibbles of The Atheist Experience , check out our fan appreciation page which has lots of clips extracted by our fans .
`` You 're the Devil '' Promo
What 's the upcoming schedule ?
How do I catch it on TV ?
Can I see or hear the show some other way ?
Yes , watch us live on our YouTube channel . Tune in Sundays around 4:30 to 6:00 pm Central US Time . Check the clock at the right for Austin 's current time . We also have most of our episodes on YouTube and Google Plus . We provide MP3 files of our shows for download . You can even subscribe to these via RSS audio syndication ( e.g . Podcast ) . We also sell DVDs of the show and audio compilations in the ACA 's products area . See our show archive page for more information .
Austin Time
How do I call in ?
Call The Show
How do I get on the show if I 'm an atheist ?
We get frequent complaints from atheists that they ca n't get on the air when they call into the show .
We get A LOT of calls from atheists and we try to balance atheist callers with theist callers . On average , 4 out of every 5 callers is an atheist .
We know via feedback from our viewers that the calls that best help people navigate themselves out of their religious dogma are the discussions with theists . For that reason , we prioritize the calls .
We have a 6 line phone switch and we 've set up a guideline that at no time will there be more than 3 atheists in the call queue . Those 3 `` atheist slots '' fill fast .
As an atheist it 's easy to get on the show , provided you 're willing to call about half an hour before the show starts and are willing to stay on hold for an indefinite period of time . The good news is once the show starts you hear the show through your phone while you 're on hold .
The bad news is that once those three `` atheist slots '' are full it 's very hard to get on as an atheist because we do n't have an open phone line for you to wait on .
So if you 're an atheist and you 're determined to get on the air , please call about a half hour before the show starts and be willing to wait on hold for an indefinite period of time .
Want to help us continue our work ?
Consider making a donation to the general fund of the Atheist Community of Austin . The donation will help keep the show on the air ( and your computer ) with high quality content each week .
Can I come watch the show live at the studio ?
Yes ! Please see http : //freethoughtblogs.com/axp/how-to-visit-the-show for information and directions .
We are now providing dinner after the live TV show on Sunday at the ACA Freethought Library , 1507 W Koenig Ln , starting around 6:30 pm . Donations are appreciated .
Dinner after the September 9 , 2007 show
Viewers and listeners , give us your feedback .
E-mail us your feedback or questions . We will try to respond to you in e-mail or on the air . Due to our now international audience , we 're sometimes not able to respond to all e-mails . All e-mails to us are read by the hosts and crew .
ACA members , want to help ?
The Atheist Experience can always use extra helping hands in the studio . Tasks involve screening phone calls , manning the communication with the host so Matt will know who the heck 's on the phone , running Camera 2 , or just being a cheering supportive studio audience member ( we love those ! ) . Talk to Matt , Steve , or any ACA board member at one of our gatherings if you 'd like to help us on the show , and they 'll give you directions to the studio .
Still have more questions ?
See our technical FAQ page or the ACA 's atheism FAQ ( frequently asked questions ) .
It 's 2015 and it would be nice to think that people had learned what makes a good password by now . They have n't . And this list of the 25 most popular passwords of 2014—maybe also make that the worst—proves it .
SplashData 's annual list compiles the millions of stolen passwords made public throughout the year and assembles them in order of popularity . A glance down the list reveals that we 're all still morons , with `` 123456 '' , `` password '' , `` 12345 '' , `` 12345678 '' and `` qwerty '' making up the top five . No , really .
Advertisement
Now is clearly a good time to remind yourself not to be one of those morons , and start using sensible passwords , LastPass or some other system to keep your personal information safe . But anyway , enough of that , here 's the list . You 're welcome .
1 . 123456 ( Unchanged ) 2. password ( Unchanged ) 3 . 12345 ( Up 17 ) 4 . 12345678 ( Down 1 ) 5. qwerty ( Down 1 ) 6 . 123456789 ( Unchanged ) 7 . 1234 ( Up 9 ) 8. baseball ( New ) 9. dragon ( New ) 10. football ( New ) 11 . 1234567 ( Down 4 ) 12. monkey ( Up 5 ) 13. letmein ( Up 1 ) 14. abc123 ( Down 9 ) 15 . 111111 ( Down 8 ) 16.mustang ( New ) 17. access ( New ) 18. shadow ( Unchanged ) 19. master ( New ) 20. michael ( New ) 21. superman ( New ) 22 . 696969 ( New ) 23 . 123123 ( Down 12 ) 24. batman ( New ) 25. trustno1 ( Down 1 )
In the early hours of January 20 2003 , two men walked into a gay massage parlour in Sea Point , Cape Town , called Sizzlers . It was the kind of summer 's night in Cape Town when it 's warm enough to wear shorts , but Adam Woest and Trevor Theys carried balaclavas . They also brought knives and guns .
Once inside Sizzlers , the two men went about their work with murderous efficiency .
Ten men were in the parlour . Each was tied up . Their throats were slit . Then , for good measure , they were shot in the head at point-blank range . Woest and Theys never bothered to put on their balaclavas . They expected no survivors when they walked out .
But one man was not dead . Quinton Taylor , 26 , was able to stumble from the building and drag their way to a petrol station at the top of the road . They must have made a terrifying sight : two bullets had passed through their head , and their throat was in tatters . They arrived covered in blood , and ranted incoherently about a massacre before collapsing .
Taylor 's was the only life saved that night , though they required months in hospital and was left deaf in one ear . They would go on to testify at the court case that saw Woest and Theys convicted on nine counts of murder . The judge described the killings as “ the worst [ post-apartheid ] massacre that Cape Town and the country have ever seen ” . These were the days when the horror of Marikana was yet to be imagined .
Today , I live in the same flat block where Woest had their apartment . I do n't actually know which flat they lived in , but there 's one I 've decided on as a likely candidate .
From my tiny balcony , I can see the premises that used to house Sizzlers . Now , it 's an unremarkable structure . There 's nothing about its exterior to suggest the terrible scenes it once played host to .
I 'm ashamed to say that I had forgotten about the Sizzlers massacre until recently . It was only when I had my friend Darrel over for drinks one day , shortly after moving in , that they reminded me what had happened . “ See that ? ” they said , pointing to the house . “ That used to be Sizzlers. ” And then they told me the ghastly story .
Every time I think about what happened that night , I find it hard to accept that the Sizzlers story has n't been more tightly woven into the fabric of our national consciousness . Of course , South Africa is a country with multiple histories of horror . We live with so much horror that inevitably some must get lost . Still , though : the Sizzlers massacre should be in school history textbooks , to teach of hatred in its most naked final manifestation , and yet I somehow doubt that it is .
I 've said that what happened at Sizzlers was born of hatred and yet , at the time and subsequently , public commentary persisted in framing the motives for the killing as murky . Woest and Theys did not testify at their trial . Theys died of heart problems in prison a few years after being locked up . The fact that they never took the stand allowed speculation to flourish as to the “ reason ” for the massacre – as if any reason could ever be found sufficient .
The official line – that it was simply a particularly brutal form of robbery – was judged improbable by many . Within the gay hospitality industry , there was talk of a hit on the establishment taken out by a rival proprietor . Newspapers referred to the massacre as “ mysterious ” . The prosecutor in the case called it “ extraordinary , bizarre and weird ” . But in a world where an Orlando gunman can open fire on a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender club and kill 49 people , why wrestle so hard for meaning ?
When I think about the Sizzlers massacre – and when I read with nausea and grief about the Orlando shooting – my response is simple : Why do you hate us so much ?
The men behind the Sizzlers attack were white Christian South Africans . The Orlando shooter was a Muslim of Afghan descent . The results were the same : the almost unimaginably gruesome deaths of gay people who had gathered in a venue to “ dance and sing and live ” , as President Barack Obama put it , but also to feel safe . That 's why most of us go to gay clubs . To kiss your girlfriend and not feel the predatory stare of a straight man on you ; to hold a boy when you dance without fear of being beaten up in the toilets .
When will gay people simply be allowed to be ? I 'm tired of being expected to show gratitude for the bestowal of rights that straight people do n't think twice about .
I 'm tired of living in a world where not one continent is exempt from homophobic violence or anti-gay social discrimination of some kind . I 'm tired of reading about the broken bodies of lesbians in this country , and tired of knowing that it may only be my social position that has kept me from a similar fate . Should n't we all be tired ?
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , this week pushed the FBI to turn over all documents relating to Peter Strzok , the official who was removed from special counsel Robert Mueller 's team due to political bias .
Grassley asked Strzok in October for an interview , which never happened , so Grassley asked FBI Director Christopher Wray in a Tuesday letter for answers . Grassley is one of a handful of Republican lawmakers who had questioned the FBI and Department of Justice months ago about Strzok , and is renewing their effort after reports that Strzok exchanged `` politically charged texts disparaging President Trump and supporting Hillary Clinton . ''
Strzok was working on the investigation of Clinton 's private email server at the time , but Grassley said their bias could have influenced that case , as well as the special counsel 's investigation of members of President Trump 's team , such as former national security adviser Michael Flynn .
`` The communications between members of the Clinton email investigation team raise questions about the integrity of that investigation , and about the objectivity of Mr. Strzok 's work for the Special Counsel and in the FBI 's investigation of Mr. Flynn , '' Grassley wrote in their letter .
Grassley asked Wray for all communications involving Strzok during their work in those investigations , including any communications involving the FBI 's decision to change the finding that Clinton was `` extremely careless '' instead of `` grossly negligent '' in handling emails . That change , which Strzok was reportedly behind , helped Clinton evade possible criminal charges .
Grassley demanded that information by Monday , Dec. 11 .
SWAT-Kat Profile Joined July 2011 United States 311 Posts # 4 On June 06 2015 06:38 TerranOwnsAll wrote :
Boxer ! Is Fantasy switching back and forth ?
Sorry to disappoint , but these are n't the actual former progamers . These are players using the IDs of their favorite progamers to make it more fun . Here are the rules for
+ Show Spoiler + `` Amongst your teams decide what your smurf account is going to be ( e.g . KT_Flash ) then on that account play every proleague game on it in order to hide your identity .
Usernames amongst teams must be uniform . I understand KT_x may be taken so come up with another imaginative tag to go in front of your name .
Your smurf names must be names of players who have played for the team you 're on any time up to the Shinhan Bank Proleague 10-11 season
Do NOT under any circumstances let slip to anyone not on your team who the other players on your team are
Do NOT under any circumstances contact any other player asking what team they 're on and what ID they 're using
The race you play must be the same race as the player you 're deciding to Smurf as in the tournament ( so no Z Flash 's )
just give your captains times you can play , they 'll convene with the other captain and get back to you with a time you can both play so you can agree on
Captains I expect you all to be in contact with each other , but do n't give away the ID you 'll be playing under .
Submissions must be made a week in advance to the games initial start date . ''
The games are being played seriously though , and we would appreciate the attention ! Heck , you could probably join a team and participate ! Sorry to disappoint , but these are n't the actual former progamers . These are players using the IDs of their favorite progamers to make it more fun . Here are the rules for Shinhan TANK Proleague which is being run in a similar way to OFFGameNet StarLeague : The games are being played seriously though , and we would appreciate the attention ! Heck , you could probably join a team and participate !
Leaf little to the imagination : The glamour girls made entirely of cabbage
These glamour models look good enough to eat but they wo n't turn women green with envy - because they are made entirely of cabbage .
Artist Ju Duoqi created the bizarre sculptures for their project called 'The Fantasies of Chinese Cabbage ' .
The wacky works of art show glamorous looking women in a series of poses usually found in glossy fashion magazines .
Wilting beauty : One model hides their modesty with a leaf that looks like its seen better days
She 's tasty : This piece by Chinese artist Ju Duoqi , made entirely out of cabbage , is entitled Nowa
Every piece of the sculpture is made from the vegetable , including their clothes , hats and jewellery .
A model is pictured lounging on a bed in one shot , with their hands on their hips in another and tastefully cupping their breasts in a third .
Veggie Venus : 'Lili ' is another of artist Ju Duoqi 's wonderful creations
Cheeky : The artist insists they use nothing but Chinese cabbage to make their amazing sculptures
Raunchy : Nothing is left to the imagination in this piece entitled An
Hat 's more like it : Ju uses fresh , withered , rotting , dried , pickled , boiled or fried cabbage to make their artwork
One tasty dish ? The coquettish looking 'Sara ' piece shows the level of intricacy involved in the artwork
Ju , from Beijing , China , uses a knife to slice the different colours and varieties of cabbage and holds them together using toothpicks .
The cabbage is left to age for varying lengths of time and then cooked in different ways to achieve a range of colours and textures .
Ju has previously used other vegetables to recreate famous paintings by artists such as Leonardo Da Vinci , Vincent Van Gogh and Andy Warhol .
They said : 'The different types , shapes and colours of the vegetables , with a bit of rearranging , can make for a rich source of imagery .
'Fresh , withered , rotting , dried , pickled , boiled or fried - they all come out different . '
Cool as a cucumber : The artist from Beijing must have been dicing for days to create this one
More than a flash in the pan : Artist Ju Duoqi admires great painters like Van Gogh and Da Vinci
Cabbage patch doll : One veggie model inspired by the Japanese harajuku style
My floret lady : The ethereal effect created with red cabbage
Under dressing : A burlesque pose with some artfully placed sprouts
Virtuous veggies : The talents of artist Ju Duoqi know no earthly limits
A learning program designed by a trio of researchers can now recognize and draw handwritten characters after seeing them only a few times , just as a human can . And can do it so well that people ca n't tell the difference .
Today 's artificial intelligence may not be that clever , but it just got much quicker on the uptake . A learning program designed by a trio of researchers can now recognize and draw handwritten characters after seeing them only a few times , just as a human can . And can do it so well that people ca n't tell the difference .
The findings , published in the journal Science , represent a major step forward in developing more powerful computer programs that learn in the ways that humans do .
“ For the first time , we think we have a machine system that can learn a large class of visual concepts in ways that are hard to distinguish from human learners , ” study co-author Joshua Tenenbaum from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology said in a news briefing .
Although computers are excellent at storing and processing data ( your calculator is probably much faster than you at , say , finding the square root of a large number ) , they 're less-than-stellar students . Your average 3-year-old could pick up basic concepts faster than the most sophisticated program .
“ You show even a young child a horse or a school bus or a skateboard , and they get it from one example , ” Tenenbaum said . “ If you forget what it 's like to be a child , think about the first time you saw , say , a Segway , one of those personal-transportation devices , or a smartphone or a laptop . You just needed to see one example , and you could then recognize those things from different angles under different lighting conditions , often barely visible in complex scenes with many other objects . ”
In short , they said , “ you can generalize . ”
And while current “ deep learning ” approaches have resulted in major advances in technologies like facial and speech recognition , they often still require hundreds , even thousands of examples before they can recognize the shared qualities that allow for such a generalization .
But there 's something else humans can do with just a little exposure — they can break an object down into its key components and dream up something new . For example , if you saw a motorcycle ( two-wheeled motorized vehicle ) and a unicycle ( one-wheeled human-powered vehicle ) , you might be able to imagine a one-wheeled motorcycle , a combination of each vehicle 's conceptual “ parts . ”
“ To scientists like me who study the mind , the gap between machine-learning and human-learning capacities remains vast , ” Tenenbaum said . “ We want to close that gap , and that 's our long-term goal . ”
Now , Tenenbaum and their colleagues have managed to build a different kind of machine-learning algorithm — one that , like humans , can learn a simple concept from very few examples and can even apply it in novel ways . The researchers tested the model on human handwriting , which can vary sharply from person to person , even when each produces the exact same character .
“ Handwritten characters are well suited for comparing human and machine learning on a relatively even footing : They are both cognitively natural and often used as a benchmark for comparing learning algorithms , ” the authors wrote .
The scientists built an algorithm with an approach called Bayesian program learning , or BPL , a probability-based program that is resilient to a certain amount of deviation . This algorithm is actually able to build concepts as it goes , essentially building bits of its own programming as it goes .
In a set of experiments , the scientists tested the program using many examples of 1,623 handwritten characters from 50 different writing systems from around the world , including Sanskrit , Tibetan , Gujarati and Glagolitic ( an ancient Slavic alphabet ) .
In a one-shot classification challenge , the scientists showed humans and the computer program a single image of a new character , and then asked them to pick another example of that same character in a set of 20 . People were quite good at this , with an average error rate of 4.5 percent . But BPL slightly edged them out , with a comparable error rate of 3.3 percent . Two different programs based on deep-learning methods fared far worse than either people or BPL , with a 13.5 percent and 34.8 percent error rate .
The scientists also challenged the program and some human participants to draw new versions of various characters they presented . They then had human judges take a look at the human-produced and algorithm-produced sets , and try to determine which ones were made by man and which were made by machine . This was a kind of visual Turing test — a method devised by renowned 20th century computer scientist Alan Turing to test a machine 's ability to demonstrate intelligent behavior that ca n't be distinguished from a human 's .
As it turned out , the humans were barely as good as chance at figuring out which set of characters was machine-produced and which was created by humans . And in another experiment , in which the scientists asked both human and machine subjects to create a new character for a given writing system , the humans also found it difficult to distinguish the two . In short , the algorithm appears to have passed a basic Turing test .
The findings could be used to improve a variety of technologies in the near term , including for other symbol-based systems such as gestures , dance moves and spoken and signed language . But the research could also shed fresh light on how learning happens in young humans , the scientists pointed out .
“ Although our work focused on adult learners , it raises natural developmental questions , ” the study authors wrote . “ If children learning to write acquire an inductive bias similar to what BPL constructs , the model could help explain why children find some characters difficult and which teaching procedures are most effective . ”
We bid farewell to a ‘ one size fits all ' approach towards development : PM Modi . ( SourcE : IE archive )
The government on Thursday announced that the Planning Commission had been revamped and rechristened as the NITI ( National Institution for Transforming India ) Aayog , with a multi-tiered structure including a governing council that comprises the chief ministers of all states and lieutenant governors of union territories .
Advertising
To be chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , the revamped institution will serve as a government “ think tank ” with the mandate to provide strategic and technical advice on issues of “ national and international importance ” to the Centre and states .
“ Having served as a CM in the past , I am very much aware of the importance of actively consulting the states . NITI Aayog does precisely that , ” tweeted Modi , who had in their Independence Day speech mooted the idea of replacing the Planning Commission , which was set up in 1950 and seen as a vestige of the socialist era . They also held consultations with state governments on December 7 on this issue .
“ A pro-people , proactive & participative development agenda stressing on empowerment & equality is the guiding principle behind NITI Aayog… Through NITI Aayog , we bid farewell to a ‘ one size fits all ' approach towards development . The body celebrates India 's diversity & plurality , ” they tweeted .
Advertising
The Prime Minister 's Office said that the centre-to-state one-way flow of policy , that was the hallmark of the Planning Commission era , is now sought to be replaced by a genuine and continuing partnership of states .
The NITI Aayog , set up by a resolution of the Union Cabinet , will have a multi-tiered structure , with the PM as the chairperson , a governing council comprising the chief ministers of all states and lieutenant governors of union territories , regional councils to be set up on region and state specific issues , and experts and specialists as the PM 's special invitees .
“ The regional councils will be convened by the Prime Minister and will comprise the chief ministers of all the states and lieutenant governors of union territories in the region . These will be chaired by the chairperson of the NITI Aayog or their nominee , ” said an official statement .
In addition , the full-time organisation framework of the NITI Aayog will comprise the PM as its chairperson , who will appoint a CEO and vice-chairperson . It will also have some full-time members and two part-time members , while four union ministers will serve as ex-officio members .
While the two part-time members will be from leading universities and research organisations , the number of full-time members has not been specified as yet . Sources said the names of the members are likely to be announced over the next few days .
While the Planning Commission was primarily responsible for deciding on plan spending of the Centre and allocation to state governments , the NITI Aayog will provide a “ national agenda framework for the Prime Minister and the chief ministers ” after evolving “ a shared vision of national development priorities , sectors and strategies with the active involvement of states ” .
Invoking the words of national and spiritual leaders including Mahatma Gandhi , Swami Vivekananda and BR Ambedkar , the government said the new agency will also “ foster cooperative federalism through structured support initiatives and mechanisms with states ” as well as develop mechanisms to formulate credible plans at the village level .
The revamp however , did not go well with Opposition parties who said it was mere “ fluff ” and “ gimmickry ” . “ If the government wants to greet people with fluff and not substance on the first day of 2015 , then there is nothing more that can be said… , ” said Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari .
Advertising
CPI ( M ) leader Sitaram Yechury termed the renaming of the Planning Commission as “ aniti and durniti ” ( no policy and bad policy ) .
For the band , see REO Speedwagon
Badge from an REO Speed Wagon Fire Truck
An REO Speed Wagon , from a 1917 advertisement
A REO Speed Wagon Fire Truck at Jack Daniel 's Distillery , Lynchburg , Tennessee
1929 REO Speedwagon EX REO at the Iowa 80 Trucking Museum . 6 cylinder Flatheads `` Gold Comet '' , 4-speed transmission , Top speed of 35 MPH
REO Speed Wagon Truck 1939
1948 , 2 1/2 ton REO Speed Wagon truck used to haul grain on the Camas Prairie , Idaho circa 1953
The REO Speed Wagon ( alternatively Reo Speedwagon ) was a light motortruck manufactured by REO Motor Car Company . It is an ancestor of the pickup truck .
First introduced in 1915 , production continued through at least 1953 , and made REO ( the initials of its founder , Ransom Eli Olds ) one of the better-known manufacturers of commercial vehicles in America prior to World War II . [ 1 ] Although the basic design and styling of the chassis remained consistent , the Speed Wagon was manufactured in a variety of configurations ( pickup and panel truck , passenger bus ) to serve as delivery , tow , dump , and fire trucks , as well as hearses and ambulances . Other manufacturers [ 2 ] provided refits for adapting the Speed Wagon for specialized purposes . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] The Speed Wagon used REO 's `` Gold Crown '' series of engines , and was well regarded for power , durability , and quality . [ 5 ]
While REO produced some wagons based on its automobile chassis ( the Model H ) starting in 1908 and had organized a division to produce trucks in 1910 with success , the Speed Wagon 's introduction in 1915 was a significant step and a sales success . The company was soon offering a variety of Speed Wagon models with many options , and by 1925 had produced 125,000 . [ 6 ]
After years of roughly equal car and truck emphasis , REO shifted its focus completely to trucks , ending automobile production in 1936 . Production for the civilian market was suspended during World War II , resuming in 1946 . [ citation needed ]
The rock and roll band REO Speedwagon took its name from this vehicle . [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Models [ edit ]
1915 model featured 1-ton weight , four-cylinder engine , three speed transmission and aimed to be faster than the 10-15 mph average speed of contemporary trucks . [ 9 ]
1917 model featured 3.25-ton weight and canvas top and sides and cost $ 1125 . [ 10 ]
1925 model featured six-cylinder engine
1929 model featured REO 's `` Gold Crown '' 268 cubic inch , 67 horsepower , six-cylinder engine . [ 3 ]
1933 Model BN [ 9 ] featured REO 's six-cylinder `` Gold Crown '' engine and combination of parts from the company 's Flying Cloud and Royale luxury cars . It is a rare , relatively fast panel delivery truck with wooden body .
References [ edit ]
BRUSSELS , Belgium – The expensive replacement of e-bike batteries at the end of their life cycle sometimes results in batteries from unknown sources . However this does involve risks .
A manageable overview on all you need to know on e-bike regulations . – Photo Bike Europe
One of the major risks associated with the transport of batteries and battery-powered equipment is short-circuit of the battery as a result of the battery terminals coming into contact with other batteries , metal objects or conductive surfaces . This is explained in chapter 5 on Battery Transportation in the new Bike Europe Whitepaper on EU regulations for e-bikes ; pedelecs and speed pedelecs .
Dangerous good regulations
To minimize risk the transport of Lithium-Ion batteries over 100Wh has been classified as CLASS 9 – MISCELLANEOUS DANGEROUS GOODS under the dangerous good regulations for transport by road ( ADR ) , by air ( IATA & IACO ) and by sea ( IMDG ) .
Usually batteries manufactured , distributed or sold by major companies comply with the UN test requirements . However , certain replacement batteries , which are not OEM or aftermarket batteries but simply low-cost copies of those , may not have undergone the required tests . The differences between genuine and copied battery types may not be visible but could be very dangerous ; such untested batteries may have a risk of overheating or causing fire .
Read more on safe e-bike battery transportation in the Bike Europe whitepaper on EU regulations for :
e-bikes
pedelecs
speed pedelecs
This Whitepaper offers legal guidelines on pressing issues when designing , developing , sourcing , distributing and selling e-bikes , pedelecs and speed pedelecs on the European markets .
wikiHow is a “ wiki , ” similar to Wikipedia , which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors . To create this article , 29 people , some anonymous , worked to edit and improve it over time . Together , they cited 21 references . This article has also been viewed 91,862 times . Learn more ...
In this Article : Showing Them How to Improve Their WardrobeStyling Your Partner to a Better WardrobeBecoming More Accepting of Their StyleCommunity Q & A21 References
The way your significant other dresses can feel like an extension of you . If you are someone who takes your personal style very seriously , having a significant other who drops the ball in that department can be more than a little embarrassing . However , outwardly saying you 're embarrassed or cutting up all of their shirts is not the way to go about solving the problem . Instead it takes a lot of tact , patience , and sometimes even understanding getting them out of their stylishly-lacking rut and into a style you 're comfortable with being seen with .
Stranded in the Jungle -- 16
LSD
ACID . I took LSD some twenty times between 1977 and 1992 . That is n't often , but for me it was sufficient . I never had a bad trip . I enjoyed myself immensely . Years later , I still remember these experiences vividly . Psychedelics are not like other drugs . They seem to be about something besides pleasure and pain . They do n't soothe your agony . They do n't help you relax . They neither excite a craving , nor relieve one . LSD intensifies things . But it does n't really make anything happen . It just brings into the open whatever is going on already . It makes you perceive things you 'd otherwise ignore . It 's an all-purpose catalyst for the brain . I never had any hallucinations while tripping . Everything I saw was perfectly real . It 's just that my senses were enhanced . As I recall , light was streaming everywhere . Colors were more vivid than I had ever seen . Intricate , swirling patterns danced across the sky . Figure turned into ground , and ground into figure . Everything was alive , with a life and will of its own . Objects throbbed and glowed , and writhed in my hands . This was beautiful . It was also disconcerting . I did n't have control . Even the simplest tasks seemed beyond my ability . How could I possibly lock the door , for instance , or play a record on the stereo ? But the key slipped into the lock of its own accord . And music boomed from the speakers , all by itself . Things just happened like that . There was no need for action on my part . The world was generous beyond measure . It offered me more than I could ever hope to absorb . The more choices it gave me , the less I was able to choose . When I tried to read a book , even the words on the page came alive . They wavered and jumped around and flashed rainbow colors . Somehow this made them seem richer and more passionate . As for other people , they became transparent . Their flushed faces gleamed above elongated bodies . They looked like cartoon images of themselves . In such a state , they could hold no secrets from me . I knew them better than they knew themselves . The most hilarious part was that they did n't notice my condition . I talked to them calmly , as if nothing were out of the ordinary . Meanwhile the world washed over me in waves . A violent energy surged through my body . Its force left me breathless . My nerves tingled from the shock . Spasm after spasm swept through me in a rush . This was the outside , battering its way in . The objects all around me were coming closer and closer . I could no longer keep the world at a proper distance . It pushed right up against me . It grazed my skin . It pressed into my eyes . It filled my mouth , and churned in my stomach and bowels . I felt its alien presence coursing through my veins . I was more than vulnerable . I was exposed . All barriers , all defenses , had fallen . Even the lightest touch was enough to set me aquiver . The feeling was so intense , I could hardly stand it . Life gushed forth in all its splendor . I no longer knew where my being ended , and the world began . My body lay dispersed and scattered everywhere . It had become a vessel for forces I could not name . These forces converged upon me from the farthest reaches of the universe . This was the peak , the high point of the trip . Things were going so fast , I could n't keep up . I could n't even keep track of my own state of mind . By the time I noticed anything , it was gone . It had already changed into something else . I was out of sync with the world , and with myself . I tried hard to make sense of this situation . I struggled to focus my attention . I carefully pondered each of my actions . I repeated to myself the story of what was happening . But still I was n't able to catch up . There remained a lag between events and my awareness of them . This was a riddle I could not solve . My efforts to close the gap only made it larger . Thoughts of all kinds were swarming through my brain . I grasped at them as they whizzed by . I examined them from every possible angle . I worked them over meticulously . I elaborated them into complicated structures . Soon I was thinking thoughts about thoughts ; then thoughts about thoughts . My mind was caught in an infinite regress . I needed more and more words , to say what could never be said . This prospect thrilled me . It convinced me that I was on to something profound . The secret of all existence seemed to be hovering just before me . If only I could pin it down for a moment ... Of course , this impression did n't last . Time and again , it broke up in gales of laughter . The secret was that there was no secret . None of this really mattered . In any case , the trip did not go on forever . Some things are just too beautiful to last . Toward evening , the world gradually settled down . It was with regret , as well as relief , that I returned to ordinary life . Today , LSD continues to haunt me . It lingers in memory , long after having left my body . I do n't think it means much of anything . But there 's a certain feeling it gave me , that never goes away .
Return to STRANDED IN THE JUNGLE Table of Contents
Go to my homepage
email me : shaviro @ dhalgren.com
The Lycaeum : LSD web pages
A year after a Latin patch for Legend of Zelda was released , now the original Final Fantasy is available in Latin as well , a nice boost for the language on top of all the other recent good news . Legend of Zelda had barely any dialogue at all , but Final Fantasy had quite a bit of it and even the fighting screen had a lot of text so this is a much better way to get some practice in . This game was just about perfect , except for that one cave you had to go to using the ship instead of the airship later on in the game because it took forever to get there and in the meantime you got attacked every few steps by annoying easy sea monsters that wasted your time.Thanks to Nathan for letting me know .
Just as Baltimore police and the community appeared to be mending rifts that erupted last year over Freddie Gray 's death , several law enforcement officials said the slayings of five Dallas officers and the fatal police shootings of black men in two other states this week threaten to rekindle the animosity .
`` It 's not as edgy [ in Baltimore ] as it was last year , '' said Lt. Kenneth Butler , president of the Vanguard Justice Society , an association for minority and women officers in Baltimore . But police here nonetheless feel `` that we are under attack . … In 30 years , I 've never seen anything like this . ''
In the aftermath of the week 's events , nearly 200 protesters gathered Friday evening at the Inner Harbor holding placards decrying police brutality and blocking traffic , a gathering similar to some following Gray 's death last year .
Police here and across the nation were taking precautions to protect themselves against copycat attacks after five officers were killed and seven were wounded in Dallas by a gunman who opened fire during a protest of fatal shootings of black men by police in Louisiana and Minnesota .
Shootings of officers Thursday and Friday in Tennessee , Georgia and Missouri were reported as possible ambushes , leading to even more anxiety among police departments .
Anne Arundel County 's sheriffs will be pairing up to serve warrants throughout the weekend , and police in Washington have also been ordered to patrol in pairs .
A gunman opened fire on police at a downtown Dallas protest against police shootings on July 7 , 2016 , killing five officers and injuring seven , as well as two civilians .
Acting Anne Arundel Sheriff Col. Rick Tabor alerted their agency of 76 sworn deputies to remain aware of any threats .
`` I need them to be vigilant , to have their heads on a swivel more than usual , '' Tabor said . `` And I told them that it 's very important over the next several days that when they 're off duty to make sure they 're armed . ''
Anne Arundel County Police Chief Tim Altomare had a similar message for their 700 officers . The department , they said , has `` made sure we have extra sets of eyes looking out for our officers as they interact with the public . '' They did not offer specifics , and no agency has reported any threats .
EdwardC.Jackson , a retiredBaltimorepolicecolonel who teaches criminal justice atBaltimoreCity CommunityCollege , said such precautions are wise .
Many of the Baltimore police officers Jackson teaches have been texting them in `` fear and anger '' about the shootings in Dallas . They 're worried something similar could happen here with so many `` unstable people walking around with guns , '' they said .
`` Look at the murder rate , '' Jackson said . `` It could easily erupt in Baltimore . Now that it 's out there , the cops have to be worried about a copycat . ''
They said one officer forwarded them a photo from a Baltimore-based Instagram account that showed a young man with a gun in their waistband holding a sign threatening police .
The civil unrest reminds Jackson of the 1960s protests over civil rights and the Vietnam War . The difference now , they said , is a willingness to `` take up arms '' against police .
`` We 're really living on the edge in this country , especially in the cities , '' Jackson said . `` If this is not managed right , we 're in for a long summer , and we may be in for a period in this nation that we have never seen before . Worse than the civil unrest in the 1960s . It 's going to be a bloodbath in this country , and no one is going to win . I think police are fearful . They 're confused . ''
Politicians have only added to their frustrations , Jackson said .
Minnesota Gov . Mark Dayton 's comments that racism may have played a role in the shooting in their state this week of a black motorist by a white officer only furthers the perception that all police are racially motivated whenever they shoot someone , Jackson said . As a black man , Jackson said they are just as concerned about those issues as anyone .
But they said it is irresponsible for anyone , especially public officials , to rush to judgment before they know all the facts . They equate Dayton 's comments to Baltimore State 's Attorney Marilyn Mosby 's decision to charge six officers in connection with Gray 's arrest and death from injuries sustained in police custody last year .
`` We 're protecting society from the bad guys , and now society is turning against us , '' Jackson said . `` Across the nation our politicians are making speeches against our police before all the facts are in . If we do n't get a handle on this quick , you 're going to have a mass exodus from the profession . ''
On Friday in Anne Arundel County , Tabor and Altomare appeared together at the police training academy in Davidsonville to address 16 recruits of the academy 's 83rd class .
Tabor said that they and the police chief wanted the recruits to know that `` this is the time when our profession steps up . ''
`` We all feel a sense of tragedy , but we 're professionals and we need to do our jobs to the best of our abilities , '' Tabor said .
Altomare delivered a similar message . `` The best way for the small minority of people who wish ill on law enforcement to win is for them to allow our relationship with the community to erode , '' they said . `` Now is the time to stand up straighter , look our citizens in the eye and let them know we are here for them . ''
Butler agreed .
Officers assigned to the Baltimore protest Friday were not eager to be in the same position Dallas officers were on Thursday , they said .
`` But we just have to get back out there , '' Butler said .
Butler said they were encouraged recently while patrolling at demonstrations over the mass shooting at an Orlando nightclub .
`` There were so many people who came up to us and shook our hands and said thank you , '' Butler said . `` They realize it 's a dangerous job . When it 's something like [ Dallas ] , it really hits home . ''
Carroll County Sheriff Jim DeWees said their deputies will wear mourning shrouds until the last Dallas officer is buried . They also addressed the inherent danger in being an officer .
`` From the second we leave our house in our uniforms , every step we take has an unknown risk , '' DeWees said . `` For those that want to randomly harm us , we are easy to find . ''
`` The shooters in Dallas wanted to create a bigger divide between police and the community . We ca n't let that happen , '' they said . `` Doing what those shooters wanted only devalues the lives of the officers that died and served their community honorably . ''
Anthony Barksdale , a retired Baltimore police deputy commissioner , knows the pain the Dallas officers are experiencing over the killings of their colleagues . In November 2002 , Barksdale 's partner in the narcotics division , Thomas Newman , was killed in what police called a `` flat-out execution '' while they were off duty .
Stephen Colbert Went To The First Daily Show Press Conference To Ask Why Jon Stewart Was Hired And Not Him By Matt Wood Random Article Blend It 's hard to remember a time when Jon Stewart was n't the host of The Daily Show , but for a few years in the program 's original run , Craig Kilborn was the host of the show before leaving in 1998 . Several comedians auditioned for the job to take over as host , including Stephen Colbert , who was a correspondent on the show at the time . That job eventually went to Jon Stewart , but Colbert apparently set up a sting operation to find out why they did n't get the job . In the summer of '98 , when we announced that Jon was going to take over The Daily Show , we had a little press conference in the lobby of the old Comedy Central offices . And Stephen Colbert showed up , as a member of the press representing The Daily Show , wanting to know why they did n't get the job . Collected from the upcoming The Daily Show ( The Book ) by Chris Smith ( via an adaptation in a fascinating oral history by Vanity Fair ) , Doug Herzog ( the president of Comedy Central at the time ) remembers when they first announced that Jon Stewart was taking over the show . They announced the host change in 1998 and among the members of the press in attendance was Stephen Colbert . Colbert was at the Daily Show press conference as a representative for The Daily Show , and asked why they were passed over for the job . Jon Stewart also apparently told Stephen Colbert they simply are n't funny enough . This was more than likely done in jest , and I doubt there was any real animosity between the two men . Everything would go on to work out pretty well for the both of them ( not that they knew that at the time ) . Stewart turned The Daily Show into a political lightning rod and gave it its biting voice , while Colbert went on to host their own widely successful spin-off in The Colbert Report before moving to host The Late Show on CBS . If you 've got the time then you should definitely give the Daily Show Oral History a read . It covers much of the uneasiness of Jon Stewart 's initial takeover and the years leading up to when The Daily Show became an Emmy-winning juggernaut . It 's got a collection of interviews from producers , correspondents , and guests from over the years , who reveal plenty of interesting behind-the-scenes details . There are also plenty of interviews with Stewart himself , who offers insight regarding changing the show to what they wanted , in opposition of the original writers who thought they were going to MTV it up . You can catch The Daily Show with Trevor Noah when it airs on weeknights at 11 p.m . ET on Comedy Central . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Co-showrunners Michele Fazekas and Tara Butters also weigh in on ratings , Peggy 's future and who will ( or wo n't ) be back .
[ Warning : Spoilers ahead for Tuesday 's Agent Carter season finale , `` Valediction . '' ]
Peggy Carter ( Hayley Atwel ) is ready to move on .
After defeating former friend Black Widow Bridget Regan ) and managing to capture Dr. Faustus ( Ralph Brown ) , Peggy left their desk at SSR , unsure if she 'll return . Whatever the case , she 'll be doing living in a lavish apartment provided by Howard Stark ( Dominic Cooper ) in recognition of clearing their name .
In a moving scene , Jarvis ( James D'Arcy ) presented Peggy with the last remaining sample of Captain America 's ( Chris Evans ) blood , the same blood Howard tricked them into stealing earlier in the season .
Read more 'Agent Carter ' Showrunners Grilled By 'Arrow ' Producer in Honest , Wide-Ranging Interview
Peggy poured the blood into the river as a final act of mourning Captain America , whom they loved deeply . Speaking of Cap , the final shot revealed that Faustus would be sharing a cell with Captain America : The First Avenger villainZ ola ( Toby Jones ) , who appeared as an A.I . in the 2014 sequel and was a key architect of the Winter Soldier program .
The series will now give way to Agents of SHIELD in ABC 's Tuesday 9 p.m. timeslot , with a second season still in question . Co-showrunners Tara Butters and Michele Fazekas have maintained that in future seasons , they would like to trace Peggy 's adventures throughout the decades .
Read more TV Pilots 2015 : The Complete Guide
In a chat with The Hollywood Reporter , Butters and Fazekas reveal what they 've learned for season two , what that final Marvel Cinematic Universe connection means and who they definitely need back for more episodes .
The final scene reveals that Captain America villain Zola in prison with Faustus . Is it safe to say he 'll be in season two ?
Fazekas : They are n't necessarily coming back . That scene was n't saying that Toby Jones is going to be the big villain of season two or anything . It was just recognizing that this is the start of the Winter Soldier program .
Butters : It was another way to tie it into the MCU , which we were lucky to have a lot of leeway with .
What sort of feedback did you get from Marvel on the show . How was it received internally ?
Fazekas : They seemed to be very happy with it . We did n't get very many notes , which we took as a good sign .
How do you feel about the ratings ?
Butters : We were glad our little show attracted the audience it did in eight episodes .
Fazekas : This is n't a secret , but the TV business has changed . People do n't watch shows the night of as much . If you look at the delayed viewing numbers , it almost doubles the night of ratings .
Read more Comic Book Critical Mass : Inside TV 's Biggest Bet
What have you learned from this season that you would bring to season two ?
Butters : More Peggy and Jarvis . They are the heart of the series .
There 's a lot of affection between them in the scene when Jarvis gives them Steve 's blood . What was getting that right like ?
Fazekas : That is possibly the favorite thing we wrote . They clearly love each other and they do n't want to stop having adventures together . They are sad to be parting .
Peggy pours out their blood into the river . Are they finally done mourning them and ready to move on ?
Fazekas : That 's what this season is about — not only Peggy letting go , but other people letting go as well and becoming who they are meant to be , good or bad .
Butters : We see Thompson ( Chad Michael Murray ) choosing to embrace their bad side when they take credit for Peggy 's work .
There 's a hint Peggy is open to the idea of dating Sousa ( Enver Gjokaj ) .
Fazekas : They took such a big risk asking them out . And what I love is they put their crutches to the side when they did it . They stood up without them and put themselves out there .
Butters : And there 's a smile from Peggy . It let 's you know they are open to the idea of going on a date in the future , not necessarily with Sousa , but with someone . She 's moving forward .
Email : Aaron.Couch @ THR.com
Twitter : @ AaronCouch
The IBAC report examined the conduct of protective services officers on public transport . Credit : Rob Carew In another example , reported by ABC 's 7.30 program , two teenage boys were repeatedly sprayed with capsicum foam on Springvale train station in July last year after one of them jumped a turnstile . In an ensuing scuffle one of the officers was also sprayed in the face . An ambulance was called to assist the officer , while the boys had water from a cleaner 's mop bucket poured over their heads for 20 or 30 minutes in the cold winter air while their hands were cuffed behind their backs . A magistrate subsequently found the officers had no reason to justify the use of capsicum foam , although they did find some evidence that one of the officers had presented false statements and evidence against the boy . In another incident , a 15-year-old girl was roughly handled , handcuffed and charged with assault after confronting seven PSOs they believed were unfairly targeting a homeless man . The officers confiscated their phone after they took a photo of the situation . There are plenty of other examples . Indeed , a three-year study by the Federation of Community Legal Centres Victoria has so far heard from about 10,000 Victorians who shared their views since PSOs were introduced to train platforms in 2012 .
The federation 's senior policy adviser , Michelle McDonnell , says the intimidating tactics being used by some of these armed and uniformed officers could be preventing commuters from exercising their legal rights . In most situations , PSOs can demand information only if they have reasonable suspicion that an offence has been committed or is about to be committed . Whether refusing to provide details or allow a bag search provides the officer with `` reasonable suspicion '' is unclear . In turn , when commuters feel they have been mistreated the onus is often on them to prove they were not acting in a suspicious manner . There are also questions about the complaints process , which is handled by Victoria Police . The reasons for such incidents are unclear . Perhaps it is a lack of training . Perhaps the selection process is flawed . Perhaps some of the officers are merely bored . Perhaps the rules and regulations are flawed . Figures compiled by the Productivity Commission show that in 2013-14 , 23.5 per cent of Victorians felt `` safe '' on public transport after dark , down from 24.2 per cent the previous year , and down from 2008-09 , when 28 per cent of Victorians said they felt safe .
The former state government 's plan to put two Protective Services Officers on every train platform after dark was deemed so politically potent around the time of the 2010 election that some Coalition strategists went so far as to claim the plan alone all but guaranteed an election win in 2014 . Obviously , as history will attest , it did n't . Much like former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani 's tough stance against graffiti on trains was credited with a drop in so-called `` quality-of-life crimes '' in the early 1990s , the presence of the uniformed officers was supposed to have positive flow-on effects for the broader Victorian community . It was partly about `` perceptions '' of safety . Assessing whether the policy has delivered on this is difficult , given a lack of comprehensive data , although there is some evidence to suggest , if anything , there has been a slight decline in perceptions of safety . Figures compiled by the Productivity Commission show that in 2013-14 , 23.5 per cent of Victorians felt `` safe '' on public transport after dark , down from 24.2 per cent the previous year , and down from 2008-09 , when 28 per cent of Victorians said they felt safe . While there has , over the past five years , been a slight decrease in the proportion of Victorians who felt `` unsafe '' using trains , trams and buses after dark , there seems to be little if any concrete evidence to suggest the presence of PSOs on train platforms has led to a dramatic improvement .
This alone should at least raise questions about the effectiveness of the policy . With 940 officers guarding 207 stations between 6pm and the last train each night , the policy is expected to cost $ 212 million over four years , not including money needed for station upgrades and marketing . There are major questions about whether this is an effective use of public money . A 2009 analysis of crime statistics by the Public Transport Users Association , for example , found that 45 per cent of assaults on railway stations happened at just 10 locations , and about half of the assaults occurred in the daytime , when there would be no officers present . Arguably , a more efficient approach would be to target crime hot spots , rather than the blanket policy of covering all stations . But of greater concern is the possibility that the presence of the officers on train platforms could in some cases actually be having a negative impact on the perception of safety . The asupervisorstioned examples and others suggests this could well be the case . What is clear , is that the policy is not working as intended . It is only a matter of time before a more serious incident occurs .
A complete rethink is needed - not only to make sure Victorians are getting value for money from the policy , but to ensure it has not come at a far greater cost to public safety and freedom . Josh Gordon is The Age 's state political editor .
Story highlights A protester in the seats behind Trump on Friday lifted a sign that read `` Islamophobia is not the answer ''
The encounter comes one day after former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke discussed their support for Trump
Oklahoma City ( CNN ) Donald Trump on Friday had an unusual encounter with a protester .
A protester in the seats behind Trump on Friday lifted a sign that read `` Islamophobia is not the answer . ''
But even after a Trump supporter ripped the sign away , the man lingered not far from Trump 's stage .
Waiting for security , police or staff to spring into action , Trump paced the stage and came close to the man , who had removed a jacket to reveal a shirt with the words `` KKK endorses Trump '' and a yellow star reminiscent of those worn by Jews during the Holocaust on their chest .
The two appeared to exchange words as Trump walked closer to the man , but Trump quickly walked back toward their podium and continued pacing the stage .
Read More
An Oakland woman is set to appear in court this week to face charges in a teen sex trafficking investigation that began at Berkeley High School .
Trinice Suwanabart , 23 , was arrested in November after police linked them to the case earlier this year .
According to court papers , Berkeley High School Resource Officer Ethell Wilson began looking into the case in January after a 15-year-old girl was reported missing after running away .
In September , Berkeley Police Capt . Dave Frankel described the case to City Council members during the mid-year crime report presentation . Frankel said Wilson had received a tip from a school safety officer that the teenager might have been a victim of human trafficking .
Wilson contacted the victim 's family , which led to a closer look at their cellphone activity , Frankel said . That led police to a Motel 6 near the Oakland airport where officers , with the help of the department 's Special Enforcement Unit , set up a surveillance operation in February to try to find the girl .
Frankel said an undercover officer set up a “ date ” to try to find the victim . Officers identified two motel rooms being used by people Frankel described as traffickers , and ultimately contacted four people in connection with the investigation .
Police searched the motel rooms , made arrests and recovered narcotics , “ however the victim was nowhere to be found , ” Frankel told city officials in September .
Detectives , including acting Special Victims Unit Sgt . Melissa Kelly , continued to work the case , and learned one of the people who had been arrested knew the victim . That suspect cooperated with police in texting the victim back and forth over a period of seven hours .
Officers were ultimately able to meet up with the victim , on Feb. 4 , and took them to the Alameda County Assessment Center — a youth program run by the Social Services Agency — for help , Frankel said .
After additional interviews and forensic searches of phones taken from those who were arrested , said Frankel , police identified Suwanabart as a “ ringleader ” in the sex trafficking operation .
According to court papers , the teenager told police Suwanabart had “ prostituted them to men for money ” in exchange for sexual services .
Berkeley Police spokesperson Officer Jennifer Coats said last week that a judge later issued an arrest warrant for Suwanabart . Contra Costa County officers picked them up Nov. 10 .
On Nov. 17 , Suwanabart entered a not guilty plea in Alameda County Superior Court . They have been charged by the district attorney 's office with two felonies : human trafficking of a minor for commercial sex , and use of a minor to violate controlled substance laws , because they are alleged to have given the girl cocaine .
Suwanabart remains in custody at Santa Rita Jail in Dublin with a bail of $ 300,000 . They are scheduled for further pretrial Wednesday , Dec. 9 , at the Wiley W. Manuel Courthouse in downtown Oakland .
A preliminary hearing in the case — where a judge will determine whether enough evidence has been presented for the case to move forward to trial — is set for Jan. 5 , 2016 , according to Teresa Drenick , Alameda County district attorney 's office spokesperson .
“ Our personnel takes such cases extremely seriously with the goal of locating young girls who are being victimized , ” Frankel told council in September . “ In this case , the close relationship between our school resource officer , Berkeley High staff and the team-up between our detectives and the Special Enforcement Unit resulted in a successful outcome with a victim of sexual trafficking being brought to safety and provided services . ”
Related :
Berkeleyside blotter : Crime in Berkeley , Nov. 12-18 ( 11.30.15 )
Serious Berkeley crime skyrockets in first half of 2015 ( 09.10.15 )
Do you rely on Berkeleyside for local news ? Support independent journalism by becoming a Berkeleyside member for $ 10 a month or even less , or by making a one-time donation .
The W3C is planning to vote to approve DRM as a web standard on Thursday 13 April . Email Tim Berners-Lee and the W3C in the UK to ask them to drop their plans .
Traditionally the web has been open . Anyone can publish content . Anyone can use a browser to access that content and see how it works . But the W3C is planning to approve a web standard that would put technical controls on the media that we access online . The technical controls are called Digital Rights Management or DRM for short .
Email Tim Berners-Lee and the W3C to ask them to rethink plans to make DRM a web standard . They should either drop the plans or make sure people who circumvent DRM for security research or to make content accessible wo n't be sued .
Large media companies have lobbied hard for DRM to be made a web standard . DRM will likely help the largest companies stay large and make it more difficult for new companies to innovate . This is bad for the long-term future of the open web .
When media is without DRM , people with disabilities have options to make that media easier for them to access . Adding DRM 's technical restrictions to media risks making the web less accessible for people with disabilities . DRM would restrict our abilitiy to improve subtitles for deaf people , transform colours for colourblind viewers , and easily check video for flashing imagery that can harm people with epilepsy .
The security of the web is also put at risk by making DRM a web standard . DRM hides the code that is running in the browser making it difficult for security researchers to look for flaws that could put users at risk . Finding flaws in DRM could help people bypass DRM . And because bypassing DRM is illegal in many countries , researchers risk having legal action taken against them if these plans go ahead .
EFF have proposed a compromise at the W3C where W3C members would n't sue people who circumvent DRM for security research or to make content accessible . This is a good way forward .
Links
EFF - W3C , EME and EFF : Frequently Asked Questions
EFF - What 's up at the W3C
EFF - The World Wide Web Consortium at a Crossroads : Arms-Dealers or Standards-Setters ?
The president kept their cool while Medea Benjamin shouted about Guantanamo Bay . | REUTERS DOD : Heckler pretended to be press
The woman who heckled President Barack Obama during their speech at the National Defense University on Thursday gained access to the closed event by saying they were a member of the press , the university said .
Medea Benjamin , the leader of the human rights activist group Code Pink , stood and shouted several times as the president gave their national security speech focused on drone use and closing down the Guantanamo detention center .
Story Continued Below
Officials at the university , located at Fort McNair in Washington , D.C. , later said Benjamin was able to get into the invite-only speech by saying they were with the news media . It was unclear which media outlet they told them they were with .
“ The individual who continued to attempt to interrupt the president 's speech at the National Defense University was given access via the list of media attendees expected , ” the university said in a statement .
“ When it was apparent this individual would not be deterred by the president 's effort to address their concerns , officials from the National Defense University staff and base police asked them to leave and escorted them from the venue . ”
They were questioned by Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall police , officials said .
Obama 's speech was not open to the public . The guest list was “ limited to invited guests from the National Defense University faculty , staff , and student body , along with those invited by the White House , ” NDU said .
Obama kept their cool as Benjamin , a well-known activist in the Capitol , yelled : “ Abide by the rule of law — you 're a constitutional lawyer ! ” Code Pink strongly opposes the U.S. use of drones and earlier this year disrupted the confirmation hearing of CIA Director John Brennan so many times that California Sen. Dianne Feinstein cleared the room .
A photographer who waited in line near Benjamin told POLITICO that Benjamin was seen wearing a bright green press pass with the name “ Susan Benjamin ” written on it .
It 's finally done… .
It took a while but I finally finished my Surface 3 battery life benchmarks post that I 've been promising a few of you for some time .
I tested the battery endurance of the Surface 3 against the Surface Pro 3 in five different scenarios as outlined below :
Web Browsing : This benchmark is for those casual users who primarily surf the net and check email and Facebook
This benchmark is for those casual users who primarily surf the net and check email and Facebook Everyday Use : This benchmark is the one that is relevant to people who work with their Surface 3 and is focused on what many people would consider “ everyday use ” scenarios for a business user
This benchmark is the one that is relevant to people who work with their Surface 3 and is focused on what many people would consider “ everyday use ” scenarios for a business user Constant Use : This benchmark is for streaming media watchers/listeners and consisted of me simply playing Netflix movies one after another .
This benchmark is for streaming media watchers/listeners and consisted of me simply playing Netflix movies one after another . Heavy Use : This benchmark is for Surface 3 owners who game on their Surface 3 . I did this one using Kerbal Space program since it 's fairly processor intensive but not so much that it would n't run on the Surface 3 .
This benchmark is for Surface 3 owners who game on their Surface 3 . I did this one using Kerbal Space program since it 's fairly processor intensive but not so much that it would n't run on the Surface 3 . Recharge Test : Since I had to recharge the devices anyway , I thought it would be interesting to capture how long it took to do so .
These five tests did a good job of testing the battery life of the Surface 3 in multiple scenarios , so you can find the one ( s ) that most closely matches your type of needs and then set your expectations accordingly .
Note : In all the tests I used default hardware settings , i.e . screen brightness , etc ..
Real World Surface 3 Battery Life Benchmarks : Web Browsing
In this test , I charged the batteries , then used the tablets to surf the web until they auto powered down with a flat battery .
Test Details :
The power option for both tablets was set to the default Balanced configuration
configuration The Surface 3 used is the 2GB model
The SP3 I used has an i5 processor and 4GB of RAM
I was connected to WiFi the entire time the tablets were awake
I surfed the web using IE 11 as close to continuously as I could
Minimal downloads were performed during this test
No streaming video ( except ads ) was viewed during these tests
The tablets were allowed to sleep when I was n't actively using them but , I did not manually turn them off
I ignored the “ low battery warnings ”
My tests both started at 7:30 AM and ended when the devices auto powered down automatically . After recharging the device , I used information from the internal battery report to calculate the number of minutes the device was actually in use .
Results are rounded to the nearest minute
The duration is summarized in the below graph :
These test results are unique since I only performed the test for each tablet once ( as opposed to an average of multiple data sets as I prefer ) because it was really time-intensive and mind-numbing after a while : - ) .
The Surface 3 came in at only 7 hours and 45 minutes . Not quite the 9 hours Microsoft was promising but , to be fair , they say “ up to 9 hours ” in their claims . The Surface 3 in this test .
I know I could have used a script to do the test as some reviews have done but I did n't want the script skewing the results . Besides , IMHO , scripts do n't do an adequate job of simulating real human surfing behaviors .
Real World Surface 3 Battery Life Benchmarks : Everyday Use
In this test , I charged the batteries then used the tablets in a “ normal ” manner intended to simulate how many people would use their Surface on a day-to-day office or school use basis until they auto powered down .
You should understand that my computing habits are likely different than yours ; so , your results will vary a little bit . I tried to compensate for this by running the test 5 times and calculating the average .
Test Details :
The power option for both tablets was set to the default Balanced configuration
configuration The Surface 3 used is the 2GB model
The SP3 I used has an i5 processor and 4GB of RAM
I was connected to WiFi the entire time the tablets were awake
I surfed the web , checked my email , worked with Excel/Word/Publisher , downloaded files , wrote blog posts , edited graphics , and maybe played a few games or watched some Netflix .
The tablets were allowed to sleep when I was n't actively using them but , I did not manually turn them off
I ignored the “ low battery warnings ”
All of my tests started at 7:30 AM and ended when the devices auto powered down automatically . After recharging the device , I used information from the internal battery report to calculate the number of minutes the device was actually in use
Results are rounded to the nearest minute
I ran the test 5 times and averaged the results . The average duration is summarized in the below graph :
As you can see , the Surface 3 made it an average of 388 minutes ( 6 hours , 28 minutes ) and the Surface Pro 3 only made it 328 minutes on average ( 5 hours , 28 minutes ) .
Do n't get hung up on the fact that the battery did n't last 8 hours as both tablets would have lasted me for an entire 8 hour workday . This is because I ( like most folks ) do n't work continuously . I took a few breaks , I had lunch , I talked to people on the phone , etc…
Real World Surface 3 Battery Life Benchmarks : Constant Use
In this benchmark , I recharged the battery then fired up Netflix to simulate someone Netflix binging on a new series or enduring a long trans-oceanic flight by watching movies until the Surface auto powered down .
TEST DETAILS :
The power option for both the Surface 3 and SP3 was set to the default Balanced setting ( not that it mattered much in this scenario )
setting ( not that it mattered much in this scenario ) The Surface 3 used was the 2GB model
The SP3 I used has an i5 processor and 4GB of RAM
I simply played movies on Netflix back to back until the devices auto powered down
I played the same movies on both tablets
I ignored the “ low battery warnings ”
Results are rounded to the nearest minute
Below are the obtained results . As with the other tests , I did the test 5 times for each tablet and the below graph represents the average of those benchmarks :
The average for the Surface Pro 3 was very close to the Surface 3 in terms of duration coming in at 433 minutes ( 7 hours , 13 minutes ) as opposed to the 462 minutes ( 7 hours , 42 minutes ) of the Surface 3 .
You might be surprised by these results but you need to consider that the screen and wireless adaptors were the biggest battery drains in this scenario , not CPU power since neither CPU had to work that hard ( and kick on the fan ) to display the video .
So , since both tablets were basically acting as just a screen the entire time , the larger battery in the Surface Pro 3 happened to power the larger screen for roughly the same amount of time . This could have been by design .. perhaps ? .
Real World Surface 3 Battery Life Benchmarks : Heavy Use
In this benchmark I tested the battery life of both tablets by playing Kerbal Space Program until the Surface turned itself off because it was out of power then I noted the elapsed time .
This was the perfect simulation of playing video games until the battery died ( since that 's exactly what I did ) and was a great excuse to play video games almost all day for a week 🙂 – Joanna just loved that…
TEST DETAILS :
The power options for both the Surface 3 and SP3 were using the default Balanced setting ( not that it mattered much in this scenario , either )
setting ( not that it mattered much in this scenario , either ) No other settings in the Power saver plan were altered
The Surface 3 used was the 2GB model
The SP3 I used has an i5 processor and 4GB of RAM
I did a fresh installation of KSP 1.02 from Steam and did not add any mods to the game
I started playing with > 98 % battery and stopped when the devices auto powered down automatically
I ignored the “ low battery warnings ”
I simply calculated the amount of elapsed time between me beginning the test and when the battery died to obtain my results
As before , I ran the test 5 times and averaged the results . The average duration is summarized in the graph below :
At 6 hours and 2 minutes , the Surface 3 lasted just 30 minutes longer than the Surface Pro 3 in this test . On the plus side , it ran much cooler and quieter than the SP3 .
Also , three Kerbals lost their digital lives during these tests . Sad really , the new atmospheric drag and heat modeling with the latest patch can really take a toll during reentry . That and I really should have used a bigger parachute…just sayin '
Real World Surface 3 Battery Life Benchmarks : Recharge Test
This test was pretty simple , I just timed how long it took to charge the batteries after they were fully discharged .
TEST DETAILS :
I used the stock power adapters to charge both tablets
I charged them both to 100 %
I simply calculated the amount of elapsed time between me plugging the device in and it 's reaching 100 % charge
I did this test 5 times as well and averaged the results as shown below :
As you may know , I 'm not a huge fan of the Surface 3 charger but even I was a bit surprised that it took nearly 6 hours to recharge the tablet .
Real World Surface 3 Battery Life Benchmarks : Conclusion
I went into this experiment expecting the Surface 3 to outperform the Surface Pro 3 pretty much hands down on the battery tests . But , the results did n't turn out that way .
The Surface 3 only outperformed the Surface Pro 3 in the Constant and Normal use scenarios and not by the margin I would have expected with all of the energy saving tech built into it .
Do n't get me wrong , I 'm still a big fan of the Surface 3 ( in spite of the charger ) and think it 's a great little tablet but I was just a little disappointed that the battery life was n't a runaway improvement over the Surface Pro 3 .
Maybe I was expecting too much ?
So , if you 're expecting huge battery life gains over the Surface Pro 3 , you 're going to be disappointed in the Surface 3 . However , if you 're after a thinner , lighter , quieter , and cooler running version of the Surface Pro 3 with similar battery life , then the Surface 3 will be exactly what you 're looking for .
In case you 're wondering , it took 25 days of testing / recharging / testing again just to get my datasets before I could even begin writing the results :
2 days doing the “ web browsing ” tests
10 days doing the “ normal use ” tests
5 days for the “ constant use ” tests
5 days for the “ heavy use ” tests
3 days of something going wrong with the constant use tests forcing me to throw out that day 's results .
In addition , I had to do other work during those 25 days so , it was exhausting but it is much more comprehensive than other comparisons of the Surface 3 and Surface Pro 3 batteries I 've seen .
The screenwriting flip chart — or as Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright ( co-writers of Shaun of the Dead , Hot Fuzz , The World 's End ) originally called it , the “ flip draft ” — is a writing process that was brought to the forefront of screenwriting by the comedy writing duo . Since their first major collaboration together , they 've shared the breakdown of their flip charts for each of their films that they 've collaborated on , which can be found on YouTube and within their DVD/Blu-ray release special features . We feature two here below from their comedy hits Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz and then expand on how this unique process can help screenwriters , whether they are writing solo or with a writing partner .
Shaun of the Dead
Hot Fuzz
The Process
As you see in the videos , the idea of using a flip chart is to help give a visual presentation of screenwriters ' collective thoughts through the development process . Pegg and Wright 's flip chart for Shaun of the Dead is more so a literal “ draft ” of their eventual script for the film while the flip chart for Hot Fuzz works as more of a collection of their ideas , concepts , and world .
Screenwriters can use their own flip charts as “ flip drafts , ” where each page represents a chronological draft of major moments in the story from beginning to end . As you can see in the Shaun of the Dead video , this works much like the classic index card process , only to a much larger extent given the amount that can be written on a flip chart page , which leads to more notes and more details that can be collected .
The second option is to use a flip chart as a master bible or notebook of sorts , as they seem to have done more so in the Hot Fuzz example . Rather than outright drafting the structure of the eventual script , Pegg and Wright utilized the flip chart to build their characters and the world . They also used it to detail the broad stroke moments within the script . Everything from action sequences to character backgrounds and so forth is collected and cataloged using flip chart pages , drawings , bubbles , flow charts , etc .
The third option is to create a hybrid of those two . The flip chart can work as both a bible of sorts and as a flip draft , detailing the structure and scenes and moments within the eventual script .
The Benefit
While some might feel that this could lead to what ScreenCraft covered as the paralysis of analysis , it 's actually nothing of the sort . As Wright mentions , much of what is written can and will change . The flip chart is n't an outright outline that details everything from Point A to Point Z . It 's a way for screenwriters to collect their thoughts and ideas throughout the development process .
It 's especially good for screenwriting partners that are collaborating on a screenplay together , as Pegg and Wright can clearly attest to . Two minds are greater than one , however , it 's often very difficult to share the same vision , and — forgive the pun — be on the same page without utilizing a tool like the flip chart . Here screenwriters can visually see and connect concepts , ideas , and thoughts that have been collected , or discard those that they feel do n't fit into the puzzle .
There 's much to be learned from this flip chart process . The development of a screenplay is unique to each individual screenwriter or writing duo . Some writers prefer the writing process to be much more organic and in the moment . Others ca n't , or choose not to , take note of every single thought that comes across their mind . We 've covered other aspects of the development process in 5 Habits to Get Those Creative Juices Flowing . The important factor of evolving as a screenwriter is to consider everything , rather than dismiss it . Create a hybrid of what works for you and what others feel have worked for them , but only if it appeals to your inner writer and compliments your own mentalities . That said , you 'll never know unless you try .
The wonderful thing about this flip chart process is that it 's adaptable . As you saw in the video , there was a difference between what Pegg and Wright did in the flip charts for Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz . Can you adapt it to enhance your strengths as a writer ? Can you adopt it fully as you find that it appeals to your own mentalities ? Can you create a hybrid of what you know and what Pegg and Wright have laid out ?
It 's never too late to add to your tool box and better yourself as a screenwriter .
Do you have an action , horror , or comedy script ? Check out ScreenCraft 's Genre Screenwriting Contests ! If you 're like Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright , and have blended genre scripts ( Shaun of the Dead was horror/comedy and Hot Fuzz was action/comedy ) , get them in play in multiple ScreenCraft contests .
SimCity is a beautiful mess . Not in the same vein as a Jackson Pollock or Tracy Emin , mind , but instead more of a lost Rembrandt forgotten under an ever growing pile of detritus in some well-meaning aunt 's attic . It 's been buried by technology , inside and outside the game . What should have been a tour-de-force of city building is instead mired in queues to play and connection issues even a week on from release , and a misguided attempt at introducing social features such as shared resources and global trading has only hindered , when it should have helped .
The worst of it is lost saves , entirely erasing cities from the map without any of the joy of watching aliens or a tornado rip through it . With everything being thrown up and hosted on the cloud , every decision you make is potentially lost to a server hiccup or any number of connectivity issues . Even then , the worst case scenarios still have milder cousins , and there were multiple times when a communication error with the SimCity servers got in the way of playing the game . When I tried to erect a Great Work , which fill the role of SimCity 's end game , I had to wait a good half hour for the ‘ permit ' to be approved . Having spent a million in game dollars on that permit , it was a testing time .
Even worse is the unreliable nature of the social features . On two different occasions I lost a huge amount of money trying to transfer funds from one city to another , with the gift just disappearing somewhere between the two . And while SimCity does model embezzlers and other criminals , I 'm fairly certain this was n't a feature .
The thing is , none of this would even matter if SimCity itself was n't any fun . It would just be another abortive attempt by a publisher to shovel intrusive DRM down the throats of the players , and we could happily ignore it in favour of less restrictive experiences . The problem is SimCity is a beautiful thing , once you battle past the server queues and loading problems .
At the heart is the roads , a flexible spine upon which everything else hangs . SimCity games have always been primarily about expression rather than simulation , despite the name . The landscape is your canvas , and you 're given the tools to cultivate in whatever manner you choose . You can opt for a utilitarian grid , maximising your economic potential by planning for skyscrapers from the get go . Or you can instead create elegant curves and circles , aiming for an altogether more aesthetically pleasing layout . Either way , SimCity accommodates , and the internet is already awash with beautiful constructions that players have made .
As the mayor of your city , you 're responsible for all the necessities like police , firefighters and education , but also amenities such as power , water and transport . It 's a socialist utopia , when it works , especially when the city government starts to supplement their income with drilling , or gambling , or tourism . There 's a huge amount of satisfaction in seeing the path you 've chosen , whatever it might be , start to pay off in the forms of those delicious simoleon dollars .
It 's at around this point , when you 've got a functioning economy and a burgeoning bank account , that SimCity starts to look a little pale and bloated . You 'll have already run into the primary problem , as the borders of your city start to feel claustrophobic , restricting your ability to meet an increasing demand for real estate and an even more pressing requirement for large open spaces upon which you can plop Simcity 's most impressive , and large , buildings .
But more than that , you 'll begin to hit the inevitable brick wall of so many complicated systems clashing against one another . The most devastating is traffic , the lifeblood of the city , coagulating on your streets as the residents become unable to use even basic sense to figure out how to get from A to B .
It does n't help that cities only have a single entrance , meaning that if you have any sort of congestion at that entrypoint the entire infrastructure is going to get gummed up , leaving you starved of essential services . I had a city that was thriving on a wildly profitable oil industry , but when one traffic jam caused a gridlock for miles on the highway , all the trucks transporting my oil were lost to it . And without that income , the city atrophied .
There 's little doubt that a lot of these problems could well be patched out in the coming months , and especially the server issues should be gone before the end of March , at the very latest , but the more of SimCity I play , the more it seems like the problems are nestled at the core of the experience , rather than hovering at the periphery to be trimmed away . It 's undeniable that being able to bear witness to every single one of your residents as they go about their daily lives is incredibly rewarding , especially when you can zoom in to such a degree , tilt shift and all , and watch their thoughts as they attend work , visit the theatre , catch the bus .
But it comes at a cost that feels too steep . When you model so many systems to such an infinitesimal degree , just one bug can have a butterfly effect , rippling out until the entire thing comes crashing down . One bus that refuses to move off an intersection and you 're doomed . One school that refuses to hire workers and suddenly you 're starved of skilled employees the city over . Both are bugs I encountered , and took multiple restarts of the game to fix .
There 's a gem of a game in here , among frustrations . Everything is driven with an elegant philosophy of simple but deep , from the way the roads support the city to how the specialisations work . But when you take them to their natural conclusions and push a single system , like trade or transport , too far , it all falls apart . Traffic jams become death sentences , and SimCity 's constantly noticeable agoraphobia does more to frustrate than challenge . You end up with businesses crying out for workers , and all you can do is increase density in the hope of high rises . Nothing /quite/ works as it should , and when Simcity is built on those systems from the ground up , that 's an incredible shame . There 's so much to like , but there 's so much that will frustrate , and it 's hard to recommend you brave the many ailments .
The Epcot International Flower and Garden Festival is going on now , from March 1st to May 29 , 2017 . This year saw the addition to two new Outdoor Kitchens , bringing the total up to fifteen . There 's of course the more than 70 topiaries , most based on beloved Disney characters . And it would n't be a garden festival without the gardens . Epcot is truly a beautiful place this time of year . And remember , the festival is included with general admission !
After visiting twice already since the festival began , and eating my way around the world both times , I can say there 's some fantastic food and drink options available this year . Many are returning favorites , but there are some new offerings as well , including the delicious Sugar Cane Shrimp Skewer from La Isla Fresca ( pictured above . ) With a few more months of festival remaining , I 'm sure I 'll be stopping by at least once more to try a few more bites that I skipped on my last trips . And there are a couple things that were so good I 'm going to have to go back for seconds .
For now , please check out the video and my full coverage below of every outdoor kitchen and topiary from this year 's event , plus an in-depth look at the merchandise and some of the gardens as well . If you 're looking for the full food menu and concert lineup , check out our complete festival guide !
FESTIVAL CENTER
The Festival Center is located in Future World between Mission : SPACE and Universe of Energy . ( It 's the former location of Body Wars , but back then was called the “ Wonders of Life ” pavilion . ) The Festival Center is your first stop for festival info , merchandise , special seminars and how-to demonstrations , and more . While the festival is open every day of the week , keep in mind that the Festival Center is only open Friday through Sunday .
OUTDOOR KITCHENS
I 've already visited twice and sampled over two dozen foods and drinks ( and I can not wait to go back and try some more ! ) The fifteen outdoor kitchens are located throughout World Showcase and offer a great variety of options . They range in price from $ 3 to $ 12 ( with the alcoholic mixed drinks being on the higher end . ) Many of the food items are also available as Disney Dining Plan snack credits too . Check out the photos below as well as my personal thoughts on the foods I 've tried . Visit our previous post to see the full lists of food menus .
Urban Farm Eats in Showcase Plaza offers one of the new foods for 2017 , the Crabless Cake with Crispy Vegetable Slaw , Lemon Vinaigrette and Old Bay Remoulade . The Crabless Cake has the same texture as a crisp veggie burger and the taste was n't anything special , but luckily the Old Bay Remoulade was tasty so the dish was n't a complete waste . The Seared Pork Tenderloin with Mushroom Ragoût , Spring Vegetables and Fingerling Potatoes was absolutely delicious . Best thing here . And the Watermelon Salad with Pickled Onions was great as well , ( and I especially liked the pickled onions on top . )
Moving on to Northern Bloom in Canada , originally I was super excited to try the Seared Scallops with French Green Beans , but unfortunately it ended up letting me down . The scallops were shown with a nice sear in all the released photos , but mine ended up squishy with absolutely no sear . And the green beans were completely raw , which was n't entirely terrible given they were in a vinaigrette , but it was n't at all what I 'm expecting . The Beef Tenderloin Tips with Mushroom Bordelaise Sauce and Whipped Potatoes was n't much better . The sauce tasted amazing , the potatoes were good , but the cut of meat I got was not the best ; a little fatty and underwhelming . To drink I had the Maple Popcorn Shake ( non-alcoholic version . ) It was quite nice , very smooth , with a vanilla-like flavor , and topped with caramel corn . I still want to try the version with alcohol , which includes maple flavored Crown Royal , and I hear is really good .
Next up in the United Kingdom , Cider House offers what might be my favorite dish at the festival , the Pear Cider-brined Shredded Corned Beef with Braised Cabbage and Branston Dressing . Maybe I was just in the mood for some good old corned beef and cabbage , but this dish really hit the spot . It was a huge portion too , not bad for $ 5.50 . The cider brine works well with the cabbage . The dressing goes great over the meat . All in all a great dish . We tried the Cider Flight on my second visit and all three were great ! The big winner though was the McKenzie 's Black Cherry Hard Cider , and we even picked up a 6-pack of it from Total Wine on the way home .
Moving on to France , I tried a couple things from Fleur de Lys that I had n't tried in previous years , but were not new this year . The Alsatian Onion Tart with Sautéed Onions , Fresh Thyme and Rosemary on a Flaky Puff Pastry Crust was quite yummy , but much less onion-y than I was expecting , ( which might be a plus for most people . ) And the Raspberry Macaron with Chocolate Fudge and Raspberry Jam was so rich I really wish I had someone else there to share it with . Great flavors , just deceivingly filling .
I have n't tried anything from Florida Fresh yet , but there 's a Key Lime Tart with my name on it . I have n't had anything from Taste of Marrakesh yet either , but I 've tried their Baklava in the past and it 's a scrumptious treat . I did try the Frushi from Hanami in Japan , and I was n't that impressed . This is certainly a good-looking dessert , but not as sweet as I think it should be . It 's made of fresh pineapple , strawberry and melon rolled with raspberry coconut rice , but unfortunately the rice just was n't sweet enough to really call it a dessert . The whipped cream on the side helped , and it 's still worth trying once , but not as good as I was hoping .
THE SMOKEHOUSE : Barbecue and Brews at the American Adventure Pavilion had the longest line when I visited , and I 'm guessing the popularity of the returning Beef Brisket Burnt Ends Hash had something to do with it . Mine was not very good though . Maybe they were rushing the food to help get the line down , but both the hash and my Pulled Pig Slider did not come out that great . The hash was not at all warm . And the bun for the slider was hard as a rock . Luckily there were squirt bottles of tasty barbecue sauce to pour over the dishes which made them more palatable . I 'm hoping I caught them on an off day . Having said that , the Warm Chocolate Cake with Bourbon-Salted Caramel Sauce was absolutely incredible . And unlike the hash , was actually served warm . That 's something I 'll be getting again . And maybe next time I 'll try the Smoked Pork Ribs too . They looked much better than the other dishes coming out .
I was able to sample the Antipasto Misto from Primavera Kitchen in Italy . This cold Italian appetizer sampling includes Cerignola Olives , Sweet Soppressata and Salami , Ovolini , Mozzarella , Sweet Roasted Peppers and Ciabatta Bread . For only $ 6 it 's a good snack and a nice gateway into Italian meats and olives without getting into anything too out there . The Meatball Parmigiana here looked amazing as well , but have n't had the chance to try it just yet .
The Beijing-Style Candied Strawberries from Lotus House in China is something you have tried at least once . It 's certainly unique with crispy clear candy shell over fresh strawberries and covered in sesame seeds . The sesame seeds add a flourish of Asian flavor to this otherwise simple dish . We also tried the Kung Fu Punch , with Vodka , Triple Sec , Mango and Orange Juice , which certainly packs a punch . And I had the Oolong Mango Bubble Tea ( originally listed as Peach on the menu . ) The bubble tea was unique with lots of tapioca pearls floating in it , but I did n't realize it was made with green tea , which I am not a big fan of , so I did not finish it . ( I did however eat all the tapioca pearls out of it with a spoon , because I 'm weird like that . )
Some of the best things I 've tasted were from La Isla Fresca in Showcase Plaza . The Caribbean Conch Salad with Avocado , Mango and Onions is a great mix of some of my favorite things all in one bowl . It 's crisp and light ( which can be nice after trying so many heavy dishes in the hot sun all day . ) The Jamaican-braised Beef with Pigeon Pea Rice and Micro Cilantro was a nice surprise with great flavor and a much better meat texture than the dish from Northern Bloom . The rice that came with the beef was simple , but nice and filling .
Besides the corned beef from Cider House , I have to say the Sugar Cane Shrimp Skewer with Steamed Rice and Coconut Lime Sauce was the only other dish that hit it out of the park for me this year ( so far . ) The shrimp were much larger than you normally see in festival dishes . The flavors were all amazing . And I 'm not usually a big fan of coconut milk flavor , but the sauce was perfect on this dish and complimented the rice perfectly , which was a nice generous portion . This was not only a great dish , but I think it 's a fair price as well at $ 6.50 .
TOPIARIES AND GARDENS
While sampling foods and drinks can be fun , I 've always loved seeing the topiaries most of all . Not only are there a few new entries to this year 's lineup , but many classic topiaries are offering more brilliant colors this time around . I hope this trend continues . When the festival began topiary displays were all green , but over time more colors and different plant materials have been introduced , helping to bring beloved Disney characters to life more than ever before ! Of course there are also many walk-through gardens , and the infamous “ Festival Blooms ” and “ Floating Gardens ” along the water that separates Future World and World Showcase as well .
Future World Topiaries and Gardens
World Showcase Topiaries
This is one of my favorite times of the year . The flowers , food , and topiary displays really bring Epcot to life during the Flower and Garden Festival ! I hope you enjoyed our coverage of this year 's event . I ca n't wait to go back and sample some more tasty dishes , and with the festival running until May 29 , 2017 , there 's still plenty of time . Be sure to watch the video for even more gardens and topiaries and stay tuned for more theme news and events coverage !
See the full food menu and concert lineup for the event here and subscribe to our news feed to stay up on theme park news .
And subscribe to the YouTube channel for theme park videos and construction updates !
Subscribe to Receive Email Updates
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
# festivederby
Widnes Vikings are delighted to announce that the Club will be taking on local rivals Warrington Wolves in a pre-season freindly this December .
The game will take place at the Select Security Stadium on Sunday 29th December , 3pm kick-off .
Ticket information
Christmas just would n't be the same without a Vikings versus Wolves clash and with that in mind ; the Vikings are offering their members and supporters a number of attractive incentives to make their traditional Christmas game against their near-neighbours even more irresistible .
So , why not buy a ticket for yourself , or purchase as a stocking filler for a loved one , family member or a friend ,
Standard unallocated tickets for the Vikings versus Wolves game will go on sale at the Vikings Superstore ( within Tesco Extra ) from 12pm on Wednesday 20th November . Tickets will also be available by calling the ticketline on 0151 495 2250 .
Advance Purchase
Adults £12 , Concessions £10 and Juniors £6
Matchday
Adults £15 , Concessions £12 and Juniors £8
Gold & Silver unallocated tickets are categorised and priced as follows :
( Please note Gold and Silver category tickets are only available to purchase from Widnes Vikings )
Silver
Advance Purchase
Adults £22 , Concessions £18 and Juniors £11
Matchday
Adults £25 , Concessions £20 and Juniors £13
Gold
Advance Purchase
Adults £24 , Concessions £20 and Juniors £13
Matchday
Adults £27 , Concessions £22 and Juniors £15
Also available is our fantastic Hospitality Package for the game .
No doubt you will be completely fed-up with the festive Turkey by the time Sunday 29th December comes around , so why not treat yourself and your family to some great food and quality entertainment before cheering on the Vikings from 3.00pm , in what promises to be a Christmas Cracker versus the Wolves ! .
The Hospitality Package costs just £35 ( inc. VAT ) for Adults and £25 ( inc. VAT ) for Children , and includes :
· Pre-Match welcome
· Chef 's home-made Steak Pie
· Account Bar facility
· Player interviews
· Competitions
· Padded Seating
To make a hospitality booking or for further information , please contact Michelle Holmes on : 0151 495 2250 . Alternatively , email : michelleh @ widnesvikings.co.uk
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Friday that they “ fully ” expects to follow the recommendations of career prosecutors handling the investigation of Hillary Clinton 's private e-mail server — without recusing themselves from the case .
Lynch has come under mounting pressure to step aside after it was disclosed that they had a 30-minute meeting Monday night with Bill Clinton on the tarmac at Phoenix International Airport .
In retrospect , they admitted , the meeting was a mistake .
“ I certainly would n't do it again , because I think it has cast a shadow , ” they said at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado .
“ The recommendations will be reviewed by career supervisors in the Department of Justice and in the FBI , and by the FBI director , and then , as is the common process , they present it to me , and I fully expect to accept their recommendations . ”
The qualifier “ fully ” seemed to leave the door open for Lynch to weigh in on the fate of the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee .
Afterward , a Justice Department spokesperson confirmed that Lynch was still the “ ultimate decider ” in the case .
Lynch maintained that Bill Clinton 's visit on their airplane was not about the investigation but merely a “ social meeting ” about grandchildren , travel and former Attorney General Janet Reno , whom they both know .
“ It 's important to make it clear that meeting with President Clinton does not have a bearing on how this matter will be reviewed , resolved and accepted by me , ” they said .
The FBI is near the end of its investigation into whether Hillary Clinton mishandled classified material on their private e-mail server . Investigators have seized the server and have interviewed them underlings , including top aide Huma Abedin .
Clinton turned over more than 30,000 e-mails to the State Department and erased about 32,000 others they deemed personal . The State Department has since decided more than 2,000 e-mails were classified , with 22 rated “ top secret . ”
FBI agents instructed onlookers around the tarmac to put away their cellphones and not take photos or video of Bill Clinton getting onto Lynch 's plane , according to Phoenix 's ABC 15 .
Criticism of the meeting was bipartisan , coming from former President Obama chief strategist David Axelrod , Sen. Chris Coons ( D-Del . ) , the Republican National Committee , as well as Donald Trump , who said the
“ secret confab ” between Lynch and Clinton was no coincidence .
“ Bill 's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary ! ” Trump tweeted Friday .
In 2015 , Attorney General Eric Holder softened charges against Gen. David Petraeus for providing classified material to their former mistress while CIA director .
Career prosecutors recommended felony charges , but Holder signed off on a misdemeanor and no prison time — a deal that frustrated some Justice Department and FBI professionals who believed the retired general got special treatment .
Asked Friday what advice they wished Holder had given her , Lynch said , “ Where the lock on the plane door was . ”
Gabita posing on the day they stole the Uber driver 's cash
Gabita posing on the day they stole the Uber driver 's cash
Video of Gabrielle Canales stealing Uber driver , Mohammed Bhuiyan 's tip jar
Gabita , born Gabrielle Canales , is a woman from Brooklyn , New York . In the fall of 2017 , they became infamous for stealing the tip jar of Uber driver , Mohammed Bhuiyan . [ 1 ]
Personal Life
Gabita grew up in Central Islip , New York . They enjoy drinking New Amsterdam vodka .
Career
Canales is a part time Instagram model where they go by `` Gabita '' . They frequently post photo shoots to thousands of followers . [ 9 ]
In the Media
Gabita was filmed stealing cash out of their Uber driver , Mohammed Bhuiyan 's tip jar . [ 1 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] This was immediately after the driver had said `` thank you , have a nice day '' .
The video was first posted on August 12 , 2017 but gained attention in the following months . [ 1 ]
Prior to the theft , Gabita had posed for an underwear photoshoot in Crown Heights , Brooklyn . [ 1 ]
In response to a comment made on one of their Instagram photos , Gabita posted an extremely unapologetic message on Snapchat . Them argument is that they only stole a small amount of money that it was later returned and that the incident happened a while ago : [ 17 ]
actually this was before I left my house but their little $ 5 was returned when it happened 3 months ago lol . but never was the type for jail
Uber has since deactivated Gabita 's account .
Gabita defended their actions in an email to the New York Post , saying Boonk Gang does the same thing , but is not castigated because they are male . They also said they had apologized to the driver . [ 18 ]
Gabrielle posted a photograph showing that they had paid back the money they had stolen in a tip from that same day .
The John Batchelor Show , September 8 .
Nation contributing editor Stephen F. Cohen and John Batchelor continue their weekly discussions of the new US-Russian cold war . Heading this installment is the Obama administration 's vehement opposition to Moscow 's suggestion that it might deploy Russian air power to Syria against ISIS forces . Cohen argues that this is due to a number of irrational positions in Washington : the new American cold-war reflex of seeing every Russian proposal in a negative light ; the Obama administration 's determination to fight a two-fight war in Syria—against ISIS and against Syrian President Assad , whom Moscow supports ; and an unwillingness to consider Russian President Putin 's longstanding argument that the US policy of regime change in the Middle East invariably worsens conditions there , as already evidenced by events in Iraq , Egypt , and Libya . Other subjects discussed include the evolving Russian-Chinese strategic alliance as symbolized by Putin 's appearance in Beijing to mark the 70th anniversary of China 's defeat of Japan in WW II ; French President Hollande 's proposals for ending economic sanctions against Russia ; and Russia 's humanitarian treatment of refugees from Ukraine in contrast to Europe 's handling of its refugee crisis . Ad Policy
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
A sea of thousands of Native Americans from over 200 indigenous nations has descended onto the Great Plains to stand at the forefront of a new but familiar battle against fossil fuels . Led by the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe ( Hunkpapa Lakota Nation ) , these nations are fighting against the 1,172-mile Dakota Access pipeline , which would transport oil from the Bakken oil fields to pipelines in Illinois , and is set to come within a half-mile of the Standing Rock reservation , threatening its water supply . Ad Policy
The fight is calling into question yet again the logic of fossil fuels and bringing to the fore age-old questions that this country prefers to forget : those of Native American sovereignty , self-determination , and treaty rights . Natives and non-natives alike are seeing why treaty rights are a fundamental piece of the climate-justice battle .
The broken treaties fought over in the past are the same being invoked today . In 1868 , the Lakota signed the Fort Laramie Treaty with the US government , creating the Great Sioux Reservation , which included all of South Dakota west of the Missouri River . The treaty protected hunting , fishing , and water rights in the surrounding area , including where the pipeline would traverse . These treaties have been the tool by which tribes exert their sovereignty and self-determination .
The images from Standing Rock are both tragic and inspiring . They are the story of America . Attack dogs set upon protesters conjure up memories of police dogs being used against African-American protesters in the South during the civil-rights era . The disregard of Standing Rock 's treaty rights and the complete failure to consult the tribe about the project reminds us of this country 's penchant for making and breaking its treaties with Native Americans .
These images also remind us that resistance is part of America . The fight at Standing Rock is the largest gathering of indigenous nations in the United States in decades . This moment should remind us of the 1973 occupation of Wounded Knee ( site of the 1890 Wounded Knee massacre ) , when the American Indian Movement ( AIM ) and the Oglala Lakota people faced down the federal government in a 71-day standoff over treaty rights . At the Sacred Stone Camp , where today 's protesters are headquartered , the AIM flag is still waved , and Dennis Banks , the founder of AIM and leader of the Wounded Knee occupation , has joined the fight .
Even further back , in 1876 , the Great Plains was home to the Battle of the Little Big Horn , where the Lakota , Cheyenne , and Arapaho united and defeated Gen. George Armstrong Custer and their Seventh Cavalry . The reason for that fight ? Broken treaties .
The Standing Rock Sioux Nation are the descendants of Sitting Bull , one of the resistance leaders at the Battle of the Little Bighorn . Among the Lakota , one of the last tribes to be forced onto reservations , there is a great deal of pride in knowing and learning from this history of resistance .
That resistance is integral to the current struggle for climate justice , which has seen an unprecedented degree of unity between Native and non-native peoples . This has broadened and deepened the movement , adding to the idea of conserving the earth basic questions of justice rooted in the founding of the United States .
Canada 's Idle No More , which started in 2013 , marked the beginning of this kind of movement . Idle No More arose in response to a mountain of legislation from the government of then–Prime Minister Stephen Harper that attacked First Nations ' rights and removed many environmental protections to enable projects like oil extraction in the Alberta tar sands . It was the push by First Nations exerting their sovereignty that gave the movement its backbone .
When the Keystone XL pipeline brought this fight to the United States , organizations like the Cowboy and Indian Alliance sprang up to unite Natives and non-natives living in the pipeline 's path . The descendants of settlers who came out west for the promise of cheap Indian land linked arms with descendants of those who fought the encroachment of white settlers . In this process , people who might never have thought about Native American rights were suddenly standing in solidarity with their fight . Ready to Fight Back ? Sign Up For Take Action Now
What 's happening at Standing Rock is a continuation of the same fight .
This struggle is breaking through to a huge number of people who are starting to question the relationship between the US government and Native Americans . As a result , Native American issues are moving into the mainstream . On their MSNBC show The Last Word , Lawrence O'Donnell spent five minutes shedding light not only on what 's going on at Standing Rock but on the history of relations between Native Americans and the US government . O'Donnell called out the United States , saying : “ This country was founded on genocide before the word ‘ genocide ' was invented , before there was a war-crimes tribunal in The Hague . ”
Today , Natives and non-natives alike are seeing why treaty rights are a fundamental piece of the climate-justice movement , and a key tool in the fight against specific projects like the Dakota Access pipeline .
Nobody knows how this standoff at Standing Rock will end . The fossil-fuel companies might very well have their way and push the pipeline through . But this moment has sparked something in Indian country and beyond that we have n't seen in decades , and no matter what happens , the fight will continue .
ON THE MINIMUM WAGE :
O'DONNELL : Now you 've said that the Republican Party and the Tea Party are 'locked hand-in-hand ' -- that 's your phrase -- and you have a Republican nominee for Senate in Alaska who says the minimum wage is unconstitutional . So is that now your position , Republican Party position , that the minimum wage is unconstitutional ?
Steele : [ Laughing ] What I meant by that phrase is I think around the issues that we 're fighting over this November and the debate that the nation has had about jobs and the economy , we are working together , we have a common interest and a common goal to put a fiscal discipline in place . Every candidate comes to the table with their own particular set of issues that they want to speak to the people of their state or their district about -- that 's what they 're allowed to do . It does n't necessarily translate that that 's the position of every Republican in the United States . I know a lot of folks on the left in particular want to make that leap of faith for them but the truth is , it does n't translate that way . The reality of it is that the Tea Party is an organic movement out there of citizens who are concerned about the direction that the nation is going . Republicans of all stripes are also concerned , so I wanted to make it very clear that with respect to those common interests on those issues , let 's work together and let 's move forward together to defeat what we think is an aggressive agenda by government to take over big businesses and the affairs of individuals .
O'Donnell : So Michael , do you want to make a Republican Party commitment to minimum wageworkers that you absolutely will not consider repealing or reducing the minimum wage ?
Steele : Nice try , Lawrence . I do n't do policy , I do political , so you need to talk to our legislative leadership and ask them what their position is going to be on the minimum wage .
O'Donnell : So do you think it 's a good idea ? Do you think it 's good politics to reduce the minimum wage ?
Steele : It does n't matter to me what I think . What matters is that the effort that we put on the ground to help our candidates win this November -- they are taking their messages directly to the people , the people are responding , and they 'll get the final say on November 2 at the ballot box .
O'Donnell : By the way , what is the minimum wage ?
Steele : [ Laughing ] You really like the minimum wage , do n't you ? I want to talk about a lot more things beside one issue Lawrence .
O'Donnell : I had a minimum wage job once , and I had trouble living on that .
Steele : Look , the country 's hemorrhaging jobs right now .
O'Donnell : It 's ok to say you do n't know . If you do n't care about the minimum wage , it 's ok to say you do n't know what it is .
Steele : Look Lawrence , stop the trap playing here . The reality of it is -- that is not the most paramount issue that voters out there are facing . When you 've lost your job , whether you know what the minimum wage is or not is not relevant , you 're trying to get a job back . And that 's the debate the nation has been engaged in for over the last year . That 's the reality that people are facing right now every single day . The administration has failed to create jobs -- close to 3 millions jobs have been lost . And this canard that we have saved or created x number of jobs is a joke . The reality of it is that the unemployment rate in this nation is 9.7 % . The reality is that a significant number of people here in California and across the nation are looking for jobs . So the debate that candidates need to have with the people of this country and amongst themselves is what are we going to do to stimulate job growth , what are we going to do to empower small business owners ? And that 's the nature of the debate . Whether the minimum wage is $ 7 or $ 10 or whatever it happens to be in whatever part of the country you live in , the fact is if you do n't have a job , that number is irrelevant until you get one .
O'Donnell : Well , the minimum wage is not $ 7 or $ 10 , but let 's move on to jobs .
Steele : That 'll be your headline : `` Steele does n't know what the minimum wage is . ''
Michiel Heijmans Michiel is a partner at Yoast and our COO . Internet veteran . Their main goal with most of their articles is to kick-start your site optimization . So much to do !
WordPress in itself is a decent system but plugins can really take it to the next level . Adding top WordPress plugins can make WordPress into the Swiss Army Knife of websites : just pull out whatever functionality you need for your specific site !
Top WordPress plugins
Many people have asked us for our list of top WordPress plugins . Of course , we 've written quite a few WordPress plugins ourselves , but the list of great WordPress plugins is much larger than that . In the article below , we list the top WordPress plugins we use ourselves , on this site or other sites we build , analyze & optimize . This list changes over time ; this is probably not the last time we updated it . Note : we listed the plugins in random order .
Let 's go .
WP Rocket
It makes the sites you build perform to your expectations , instead of slowly crawling . And yes , I think every site should be cached to get the maximum performance for each and every user , not just when you start hitting social sites . We recommend using WP Rocket for that .
On a side note : we really like WP Rocket , but if your site is hosted by a great company like SiteGround ( like ours is ) caching and more speed optimization is taken care of . This eliminates the need for a caching plugin .
Google Analytics by Monster Insights
Since we sold our Google Analytics for WordPress plugin to Monster Insights , they have actively developed and improved what we feel is the best plugin for adding and analyzing Google Analytics data right in your WordPress dashboard . Please check out Google Analytics by Monster Insights for yourself .
Nested Pages
If your site grows larger and larger , you might start to feel the need to move around some pages . A decent site structure helps Google to crawl your site in the most efficient way . Nested Pages uses a nice drag-and-drop interface to maintain that site structure .
AMP
We predict a vast increase in the number of sites that are built solely in AMP as a replacement for your regular website . It probably takes some years , but bottom line is that AMP makes your website more user-focused and faster . Prepare your website with these plugins : AMP .
BlogVault
Not having a backup is n't an option if you rely on your website for your business . You can rely on Blogvault to create backups of your site , so you have one less thing to worry about . BlogVault creates incremental backups , so your site wo n't be overloaded .
Sucuri WAF
It 's no secret that we really like Sucuri 's security solutions for WordPress . Awesome security monitoring and great service . At least install their Sucuri Scanner plugin . But I recommend checking Sucuri WAF and other products and decide what works best for you .
WP Google Authenticator
I would n't even overthink adding this plugin to your WordPress site . It 's no hassle and will add an extra layer of security to your website . An alternative could be Rublon , which works in a similar manner , but we usually use WP Google Authenticator .
Login Lockdown
For an extra layer of security , we recommend installing a plugin like Login Lockdown , that prevents automated login requests from firing a gazillion login attempts . If some IP range does a surplus of attempts , the login function is disabled for all requests from that range . For more details , check Login Lockdown in the plugin repo .
Any image compression plugin
Yes , I would like to name just one . But the truth is that it depends on your website what plugin works best . We have used Smush , tried EWWW . Kraken.io has a plugin and ShortPixel has one . And has anyone tried the premium Imagify ? I would really like to see a comparison for these plugins from an independent , image-heavy website . For now : pick one and use it .
Ninja Forms or Gravity Forms
Both are great plugins to create drag-and-drop forms . Both provide an option for conditional logic and are really easy to use . If you have a form on your website , and any website that has a contact page should have a form , I recommend using Gravity Forms or Ninja Forms .
Better Search Replace
Sometimes you need to do a search and replace in your database in order to make things work right , like after a domain migration . There are more plugins that can help you do a search and replace in your database , but we have used Better Search Replace and found it very helpful . As database actions should n't be taken lightly , I recommend always performing a so-called dry run before doing the actual replacement . This plugin allows for that dry run .
No , we 're not leaving our own main plugin out here . Simply because you really need it .
Yoast SEO plugin for WordPress
We believe this is the best SEO plugin out there , in our own humble opinion of course . Install it on all your websites , simply because it takes care of all the SEO hassle and guides your editors into better writing .
To date , this is the only SEO plugin that is developed by SEO experts , where all the others are made by friendly people that are first and foremost software developers . We stay on top of any changes in SEO and make sure these changes are implemented in the way we optimize your website . That is why we feel our Yoast SEO for WordPress plugin should definitely be in this list of top WordPress plugins .
Read more : 5 handy WordPress plugins for your blog »
With Floriana Lima not returning to Supergirl as a series regular , the fate of the Alex-Maggie romance has been in question during the long hiatus , but now we have some definitive news .
“ Maggie does not die , ” executive producer Andrew Kreisberg tells EW . “ I 'm sure a lot of people are afraid of that . Maggie will continue to exist in the world and we hope that if the opportunity presents itself for her , that she 'll come back from time to time . ”
Lima joined the Greg Berlanti superhero drama in season 2 as Detective Maggie Sawyer , who struck up a romantic relationship with Alex Danvers ( Chyler Leigh ) for an emotional coming out story that culminated in Alex proposing to Maggie in the finale . However , the actor will only recur in season 3 .
“ Unfortunately , Floriana decided to move on , which left us with , how do we write them out as a regular while still honoring these two women who were deeply in love with each other ? ” Kreisberg says . “ Taking a page out of some of our own personal dating history , we 've come up with a story that we really feel like honors what 's come before them , and honors how much they love each other , how much they mean to each other , and how much they 've changed each other 's lives . It 's some of the most emotional stuff we 've ever done , and Floriana has been so good in these first five episodes . Episode 3 is all about Maggie and their dad , played by Carlos Bernard , and it 's some of the most heartbreaking stuff I 've ever done on anything I 've ever done . ”
Dean Buscher/The CW
While the future may sound murky for the Sanvers relationship , fellow executive producer Greg Berlanti recently said the show is still committed to exploring Alex 's romantic life moving forward .
Supergirl will return Monday , Oct. 9 at 8 p.m . ET on The CW .
Burners have a lot to be proud of here at the GLC . After a rousing first morning of high-level talks about the power of Burner art and values , we were treated to a series of presentations by Burners from all over the world about how they pulled off some fantastic feats of civic art . Not only will these works be a part of Burning Man history , they 're useful templates for us to consider when we 're out building the next crazy thing .
The Renossance
First up were members of the so-called “ Renossance , ” the explosion of Burner culture taking hold in Reno , NV , Black Rock City 's biggest neighbor . Jungle Jim , a Burner since 2008 , worked on the astonishing Temple of Transition in 2011 , and now he 's the owner of the Morris Burner Hotel in Reno . They and their collaborators saw bright potential in this dilapidated building , and they fixed it up and turned it into a year-round hotel that runs on Burner values , has pay-what-you-can room rates , and radiates playa magic from every room .
Matt Schultz introduced us to The Generator , a 34,000 square-foot , open , inclusive , decommodified warehouse build space in Reno with no fees for use . These people have built amazing piers and shipwrecks on the playa for a few years , and now an angel investor has helped them convert their skills and processes into a year-round space Reno artists can use . They 're trying to support an entire community — including staff salaries , building maintenance , everything — on the notion of the gift economy .
“ We 're taking the principles from the playa and applying them to the real world in a sustainable , repeatable way. ” -Matt Schultz # bmglc14 — Burning Man GLC ( @ BurningManGLC ) April 4 , 2014
Maria Partridge had to explain Burning Man to their young students in Reno . They did n't know about the awesome art being generated two hours from home , but they say they filled with pride when they taught them about it . They seem to be having that effect on lots of people in Reno . Maria has been working with the city of Reno to get Burner art installed around the city , gradually moving up from small , temporary installations to gigantic , fire-breathing ones . The proof was in the pudding : vibrant community gatherings started popping up spontaneously in the public spaces where this art got installed . Even when the bureaucracy got thick , these Burners stuck with it , and their dedication to pulling things off impressed the city . Some temporary installations became permanent as museums started purchasing them . At this point , the city is commissioning new art and asking for it to be installed at Burning Man first , just to give it the cool factor .
“ It all starts with conversation . You have to talk to people you would n't normally talk to. ” – Maria Partridge # bmglc14 — Burning Man GLC ( @ BurningManGLC ) April 4 , 2014
After a much-needed yoga break courtesy of CameraGirl , the next round of talks were from similarly ambitious and successful artists from all over the Burner world .
Hippy Tim – The Temple for Christchurch
The AV power system blew out again , but Hippy Tim from New Zealand went on and read their talk anyway , and the mics came back up before too long . Tim and their comrades wanted to build ( and burn ) a Temple for Christchurch modeled after the Temple in Black Rock City , a place for mourning and healing and venting of The Heavy Stuff , as well as for celebration of being alive . Their first two tries at crowdfunding did not succeed , but a series of big earthquakes in the city created this spiritual yearning that they had an opportunity to fill . They based the design of the Temple on the seismographic data from the biggest quake . How cool is that ! They had to fight with the powers that be in all kinds of ways , but they stuck with it , and when it opened , it was an overnight sensation . It quickly filled with heartfelt writings all over the walls , just like on the playa . When they moved it out of town to the burn site , more than 800 people showed up .
“ We did it . We had successfully migrated the temple experience from Black Rock City to the real world. ” – Hippy Tim # bmglc14 — Burning Man GLC ( @ BurningManGLC ) April 4 , 2014
Dana Albany , known for the iconic Bone Tree playa sculpture , presented the Youth Educational Spacecraft , or Y.E.S . Project . It 's a mosaic UFO that 's a mobile classroom in the Bay Area . Kids from around the city created mosaic stars or planets , then Dana put them on the spaceship and designed it . They opened up the studio for visits on the weekends , and kids got to climb around on it and see that “ this was their canvas . ”
The UFO traveled around the city , making it more accessible to kids from different neighborhoods . “ The spaceship broke down all these barriers and brought all these worlds together. ” The installation was full of blinking buttons and gizmos , and it recorded the kids ' voices and played them back , so they would literally travel with the spaceship wherever it goes .
“ These kids took pride and ownership in this spaceship . That was my happiest moment. ” – Dana Albany # bmglc14 — Burning Man GLC ( @ BurningManGLC ) April 4 , 2014
Mike Zuckerman – [ freespace ]
Last but not least was Mike Zuckerman of [ freespace ] in San Francisco . This project was glommed onto the National Day of Civic Hacking , but [ freespace ] took it further . Why not do whole a month instead ? Zuck and their collaborators wanted to stretch the definition of the word “ hacking , ” including any “ people who are reimagining their environments and creating new things. ” To encourage that , they wanted a big , open space to work and play , one that felt like a slice of the playa . They got sharing economy start-up ReAllocate to sign on and take the risk , which convinced the owner of a huge , vacant SF warehouse to let them rent it for a month for $ 1 . Just on the strength of the idea , [ freespace ] received generous gifts of work and time to spruce the place up including huge murals on the walls . They established a few ground rules to properly decommodify things and make it feel inclusive , and then they started letting people in to give talks , lead workshops , make art , write code , and draw on the walls . [ freespace ] hosted 119 entirely participant-run events in first 30 days , including a Burning Man-focused event called BurnerHack , which we covered here on the Burning Blog . The momentum supported [ freespace ] in SF far beyond the planned 30 days , and the phenomenon has begun to spread worldwide . The organizers were even invited to the White House to talk about it . If you want to see evidence of Burner culture changing the world , look no further than [ freespace ] Dammam , “ a community which promotes creativity and interaction free of limits , ” organized by women in Saudi Arabia .
“ We [ freespace ] got invited to the White House to talk about how civic activism can be done differently. ” – Mike Zuckerman # bmglc14 — Burning Man GLC ( @ BurningManGLC ) April 4 , 2014
Okay ! That 's the end of the beginning of GLC ! Stay tuned for the rest of the conference here on the Burning Blog and on Twitter using the hashtag # bmglc14 .
Photos by Sidney Erthal
While the popularity of fighting games may have waned since its peak in the 1990s , the genre has maintained a persistent following among a hardcore segment of competitors that gather at tournaments and haunts like Next Level Arcade . Inconspicuously nested on a quiet block in Sunset Park , Brooklyn , Next Level mainly attracts a diverse crowd of enthusiasts ranging from professional gamers to Wall Street traders .
In August , Ars accompanied photographer and gamer Simon Chetrit to Next Level . Chetrit has been working for several years on a photography project about the fighting game community . Shooting primarily with a large-format 4×5 film camera , Chetrit traversed the country , often staying up until dawn to photograph their subjects at first light .
One of the challenges Chetrit faced on the project was balancing their love of gaming with the task of being a documentarian . There were `` a lot of deals that I had to make with myself , '' Chetrit said of the system they developed for accommodating both of their passions . The resulting work features formal portraits with an eye for color and light that chart the diverse ranks of the gamers they encountered over the course of the project .
While smaller in scale than the massive tournaments that Chetrit documented , our evening with them at Next Level offered a glimpse into a scene that mixes camaraderie and trash-talk while fingers feverishly peck at controllers .
Listing image by Nathan Fitch
UPDATED : Alan Rickman leads an all-star cast in the true story of the famed New York nightclub , hitting theaters this fall .
Blondie , Talking Heads , The Ramones and Patti Smith are one step closer to hitting the big screen .
After months of teaser posters and on-set photos , CBGB , Randall Miller 's film chronicling the rise of New York 's famed punk rock music venue , is finally letting audiences inside the club with an official trailer . See The Hollywood Reporter 's exclusive first look in the player above .
PHOTOS : 'CBGB ' Character Posters : 10 A-Listers Play Joey Ramone , Iggy Pop and Blondie
Alan Rickman leads an all-star cast as Hilly Kristal , the financially unstable entrepreneur who opened the iconic club in 1973 . CBGB , which stands for `` Country Bluegrass Blues , '' ultimately closed in 2006 over a rent dispute but lives on as the largest music festival in New York City .
`` Why would you save for your dreams ? '' Rickman , as Kristal , asks in the trailer . `` Why not live your dreams ? ''
Among the acts teased in the preview are Talking Heads , Blondie , The Ramones , Dead Boys , The Police , Iggy Pop and Patti Smith Group , among others . Malin Akerman , Rupert Grint , Ashley Greene , Johnny Galecki , Ryan Hurst , Justin Bartha , Donal Logue and Bradley Whitford are among the film 's stars .
The trailer ends on a kicker : `` 50,000 bands and 1 disgusting bathroom . ''
CBGB is slated to hit theaters Oct. 11 . The film is produced by Unclaimed Freight and will be distributed in the U.S. by XLrator Media .
Email : Sophie.Schillaci @ THR.com
Twitter : @ SophieSchillaci
Here they go again . The Obama administration has asked its allies in Congress to introduce legislation that would permit the feds to continue their march through the Fourth Amendment when it comes to obtaining private information about all of us .
The Fourth Amendment , which guarantees the right to be left alone , was written largely in response to legislation Parliament enacted in the colonial era that permitted British soldiers to write their own search warrants and then use those warrants as a legal basis to enter private homes . The ostensible purpose of doing that was to search through the colonists ' papers looking for stamps , which the Stamp Act required the colonists to affix to all documents in their possession . The laws that permitted the soldier-written search warrants and the Stamp Act were the British government 's fatal political mistakes , which arguably caused a major shift in colonial opinion toward secession from Britain 10 years before the bloody part of the Revolution began .
After the Founders won the Revolution , the Framers wrote the Constitution in large measure to assure that the new government in America would not and could not do to Americans what the king had done to the colonists . Hence the Fourth Amendment 's requirement that only judges issue search warrants and only after the governmental agency seeking the warrants presents evidence under oath of probable cause of crime . Regrettably , that was weakened after 9/11 with the enactment of the Patriot Act .
The Patriot Act -- written in defiance of the Constitution and in ignorance of our history -- permits federal agents to write their own search warrants , just as the king and Parliament had permitted British soldiers to do . Those agent-written search warrants are intended to be limited to the search for evidence of terror plots and are theoretically limited to the seizure of physical records in the custody of third parties , like lawyers , doctors , hospitals , billing clerks , telephone and Internet carriers , and even the Post Office . ( Did you know that federal agents can see your mail and your legal and medical records without permission from a judge ? ) This abominable piece of legislation sacrificed freedom for safety and enhanced neither .
Now the feds want even more personal liberty sacrificed -- this time to make it easier for them to collect digital information .
The Obama administration wants legislation enacted that will punish Internet service providers who fail to cooperate with FBI requests and court orders . The FBI has revealed that its agents often `` lack the time '' to obtain search warrants , and so they have gotten into the bad habit of asking Internet service providers to let them in without warrants .
This was notoriously done in the Bush-era , during which the feds promised immunity to telephone service providers that enabled the feds to spy on their customers . That spying was criminal and gave rise to civil causes of action for damages , as well , until Congress changed the law retroactively and granted the promised immunity after the Bush administration spying was exposed .
Some telephone providers declined the government requests then , and some Internet providers decline these requests today . Hence , the proposed legislation would punish those providers who protect the privacy of their customers by telling the FBI to go home .
The second category of punishment sought by the administration is for Internet service providers as to which the FBI has obtained a warrant . A search warrant typically authorizes the government to enter private premises and look for the specific items designated in the warrant . But it does not require the custodian of those specific items to find them for the government . This proposed legislation would change all that .
The government has subtly revealed that when it comes to digital data it often does not know what it is looking for , and its agents lack the skills to hook into the Internet providers ' systems . This raises another set of questions , likely to escape members of Congress as they examine this latest assault on the Fourth Amendment .
The Framers were very careful when they wrote the Fourth Amendment , as it imposes the most explicit requirements on the government found anywhere in the Constitution . It requires that all search warrants `` particularly describ ( e ) the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . '' So , if the government follows the Constitution , it can not seek what it is unable to identify , and it can not compel the custodian of whatever records it is seeking to do its work for it .
Until now .
If enacted , the proposed legislation will punish those Internet service providers that fail to share secrets with the feds . The Obama administration hopes the legislation , if enacted , will enable the feds to set up a system that will let them tap into Internet service providers ' data directly from FBI offices , without having to serve the warrant or visit the Internet providers ' premises .
What a temptation for abuse that will become . It will compel data sharing between the government and Internet service providers that will eviscerate what little remains of personal email privacy . It will profoundly violate the Fourth Amendment by turning employees of Internet service providers into de facto unpaid federal agents . And it will punish all those who decline to go along with this with crippling fines that double every day .
Was n't the Constitution written to keep the government off the backs of the people ? Does the government work for us , or do we work for the government ?
A prototype is a preliminary model of something . Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype . This gallery features photos , videos , and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what 's been accomplished so far and what 's left to do . Though the development process can vary for each project , these are the stages we typically see :
About
Blind Side View is a blind spot camera system for commercial truck drivers . It is used to aid truck drivers in backing . Though still in its development stage , there has been much accomplished with the current prototype model . It has shown to be functional , effective , and reliable.This model is detachable , allowing the driver to change position of the camera to any desired location . The camera has a battery pack that is multi use and rechargeable . The battery has ports for USB devices , meaning the battery has the ability to charge anything within reason via USB such as a cell phone or tablet . The camera system requires no installation because of its two main assets . Our industrial strength suction cup mount and the multifunction battery pack .
The purpose of a blind spot camera system for backing is help truck drivers to save lives , money , and time . Anytime a commercial truck driver backs their tractor trailer there 's always at least one blind spot . This of course is directly behind the trailer . Others include the left and right side of the trailer . This is all dependent upon the angle of the tractor trailer.The average size of a tractor trailer ( van trailer ) is 72 feet long . Backing such massive equipment requires 100 % attention and good visibility . Pedestrians can be unpredictable and one of the main reasons backing accidents occur are because drivers misjudge the actions of pedestrians . Other reasons include failing to check around the entire vehicle and failing to use a spotter . These all can be resolved by using the reliable and consistent Blind Side View , camera system .
Blind Side View is looking to continue the development of its current prototype . Specifically we want to reduce the camera size and enhance the design . We want to give users a device that is aesthetically pleasing . Next we want to develop a sophisticated distance indicator system that will alert the driver when their is an object that is in close proximity with the trailer . This system will have the capability to work independently and in tandem with the Blind Side View camera system . The distance indicator would have 14 sensors , 3 running along top on both sides , 3 running along the bottom on both sides and 2 on the rear doors . The sensors would alert the driver of its specific location on the trailer and proximity to impact . This feature would be used to reduce or eliminate the cost associated with major or minor backing accidents . We also will adapt this system to be used while driving , so it would be comparable to a blind spot indicator on a car . When an object is next to the forward moving tractor trailer , an indicator light will be illuminated , advising the driver of it 's presence .
We truly believe that our success is measured not by dollars and cents , but by the lives that we touch , and improve . As a former driver I know through personal experience what challenges a truck driver has to face on a day-to-day basis . Safety is always priority # 1 , but today people are more distracted than ever . Texting and walking is becoming an issue with pedestrians , which is adding to the already long list of potential hazards a truck driver has to avoid . We believe in this product , and and our goal is to increase safety and awareness while backing . We feel that it can help lead the way to create a new standard for the trucking industry . Truck drivers should have every opportunity to perform all safety sensitive functions of their job to the highest degree possible . We feel that an individual backing a 53 foot trailer with massive blind spots is unacceptable , but with your help we hope to change that .
How it works :
1 . After a driver has set up for a backing maneuver and placed the parking break , they would first activate the display monitor by pressing its power button .
2 . The driver would activate the camera by pressing the power button
3 . The driver would get out of their or their truck to do a full walk around of the vehicle to survey the surrounding area , and in the process of doing this would mount the camera to their desired location on the trailer .
4 . The driver would then get back inside of their tractor and perform the backing maneuver .
5 . Once complete , the driver would power off the display monitor , get out of their tractor , retrieve the camera , and power off the battery .
6 . Return to the tractor and store Blind Side View in its secure case .
Sony came to this year 's IFA 2013 with the Xperia Z1 , among others , and we not only had some quality hands-on time with the phone , but we also did a quick and dirty comparison between Sony 's latest and greatest , and the Samsung Galaxy S 4 , as well as HTC 's flagship for 2013 , the One .
If you live in the UK , or want to import the 2013 Sony flagship , you can now grab it from our friends at Clove . It goes for £470.00 ( £564.00 with VAT ) , which is about $ 900 unlocked , but you 'll get a free SmartWatch 2 as well as Sony content for free . The phone packs a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 quad-core processor clocked at 2.2GHz , a Full HD TRILUMINOS display with X-Reality technology , 2GB of RAM , 16GB of internal storage ( expandable via microSD card ) , 20.7-megapixel camera , 2MP-webcam , Android 4.2.2 , as well as a 3,000mAh battery .
We 'll ( very ) soon have the Z1 in our labs for a closer look and review , but you can order it right now .
Source : Clove
London could lose more than a million jobs if Britain quits the EU and fails to adopt more outward-looking trade policies , according to a report commissioned by London mayor Boris Johnson .
In those circumstances the British capital could shed 1.2 million jobs and lose out on tens of billions of pounds of GDP , the report says .
At the same time , it says , Britain could leave the EU without disastrous consequences but only if it does not turn in on itself .
The document by Gerard Lyons , chief economic adviser to the London mayor , will say the best economic scenario for Britain over the next 20 years is to remain in a “ significantly reformed ” EU . That echoes the position of British prime minister David Cameron .
“ But if , as an alternative , the UK leaves the EU on good terms , while adopting sensible outward-looking trading policies , that comes a very close second , ” Mr Lyons said .
At a speech in the City on Wednesday , Mr Johnson will set out an eight-point plan for reform of the bloc .
Referendum
Mr Lyons , a former chief economist at Standard Chartered bank , said that leaving the EU was “ definitely a viable option ” . They pointed to modelling by Volterra , an independent economics consultancy .
Volterra predicted London 's GDP would grow from £350 billion to £640 billion by 2034 if Britain stayed in a reformed EU , against just £495 billion if the UK remained in an unreformed bloc .
But if Britain pulled out and adopted an open trading regime , the capital 's economy could still grow to £615 billion over the next 20 years , only slightly less than under the first scenario .
By arguing that the City of London could survive a British exit , the report could give a further boost to those who believe Mr Cameron should adopt a tougher stance on the EU .
However , Mr Lyons 's report also offers a scenario that could have a devastating impact on London 's economic growth .
Under this model , if Britain leaves the EU and fails to adopt a “ more outward-looking trading regime ” , London 's economy would then grow to just £430 billion . This is the only scenario – of the four – in which the capital loses jobs .
Mr Cameron has vowed to achieve several reforms ahead of their proposed referendum , including a crackdown on “ benefits tourism ” and an exemption for the UK for “ ever-closer union ” . – ( Copyright The Financial Times Ltd 2014 )
Story highlights Patrice Evra accuses Luis Suarez of using a racial slur
British media reports suggest Suarez shouted the Spanish word `` negrito ''
Experts say what that word means depends on when -- and how -- it 's said
`` It 's often a term of endearment , '' one scholar says
A racially-charged word with many meanings may be at the root of a dispute between two sports rivals that reaches far beyond the soccer field , analysts say .
Manchester United 's Patrice Evra , who is black , says the word Uruguayan Luis Suarez shouted repeatedly during a match last month was a racial slur . Evra demanded that Suarez be held accountable for the controversial exchange , which erupted as authorities investigate other accusations of racism in soccer .
Suarez , a striker for Liverpool , has n't specified what they said , but they argue that it was n't offensive .
`` I did n't insult him . It was only a form of expressing myself . I called them something their own teammates from Manchester call him , '' Suarez said , according to the Uruguayan newspaper El Pais .
British media reports have suggested Suarez used the Spanish word `` negrito . ''
JUST WATCHED Sepp Blatter talks racism in football Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sepp Blatter talks racism in football 01:05
JUST WATCHED Premier League CEO talks racism Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Premier League CEO talks racism 00:53
JUST WATCHED Powar : Football Against Racism in Europe Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Powar : Football Against Racism in Europe 03:03
JUST WATCHED Blatter backlash over racism remarks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Blatter backlash over racism remarks 02:35
If that 's the case , whether Suarez 's remark was racist is a complicated question that does n't have a black-and-white answer , according to scholars who 've studied race issues in Latin America .
`` It 's about questions of translation or context , '' said Mark Sawyer , director of the Center for the Study of Race , Ethnicity and Politics at the University of California Los Angeles .
The word 's literal translation is `` little black man . '' But generally , negrito is not considered a racial slur in Latin America , Sawyer said . In fact , it frequently has a positive meaning .
`` It 's often a term of endearment , '' they said .
But what the word means also depends on where -- and how -- it 's said .
`` In Puerto Rico , it has one meaning . In Cuba it has a slightly different connotation and in the Dominican Republic it has a slightly different connotation , '' said Jorge Chinea , director of the Center for Chicano-Boricua Studies at Wayne State University in Detroit .
Chinea said their mother and stepfather , both of whom were light-skinned , frequently used the word .
`` When they talked as a couple , my mother would say , 'negrito , I love you . ' ... I grew up listening to those expressions commonly being used by a lot of people in my community in Puerto Rico . And it was never associated with any color , '' they said .
After they moved to the United States in the 1960s , Chinea said , the word took on a different meaning . Many of their acquaintances used racial nicknames , they said , but there was no harm intended .
`` It was always more like a quick way of acknowledging the distinctiveness of that person in a very friendly way , '' they said .
But Chinea said one of their Cuban colleagues in graduate school who employed the word drew criticism .
`` When they used it and other people heard it , people came to me to complain . ... In the United States , it sounds offensive to some people , '' Chinea said .
In Uruguay , the meaning is clear , said U.S. radio talk show host Fernando Espuelas , who originally hails from the South American country .
`` It 's not a slur whatsoever , '' said Espuelas , whose show often addresses racism in the Latino community . `` It 's a term of endearment . You definitely would not use that if you were angry . It would sound ridiculous . ''
Several scholars said the word 's meaning could be connected with complicated racial politics in different Latin American countries , which each had unique historical experiences with colonization and the slave trade .
Uruguay , Chinea noted , has a smaller population of African descendants than some other Latin American nations . In 2006 , about 9 % of the population declared `` Afro or black '' roots , according to Uruguay 's National Statistics Institute .
`` If I were of African descent and someone from that part of the world was to use the word toward me , I would probably think twice about what the intentions are , whereas if the person who was saying it was from Cuba you 'd probably take it as a joke . And if you said it to a Puerto Rican , they 'd just love it , '' Chinea said .
Using the word negrito to describe U.S. President Barack Obama got a Honduran government official into hot water in 2009 .
Then-Foreign Minister Enrique Ortez was forced to resign after they called Obama a `` negrito who does not know where ( the Honduran capital of ) Tegucigalpa is . ''
But analysts said without hearing exactly what Suarez shouted in the October football match , or how they said it , it 's impossible to know what they meant .
`` It 's a very interesting case . It will be interesting to see if the English Football Association actually consults experts on this , '' Sawyer said . `` If you want to charge someone with racism or making a racial slur , the person should at least have the intent of making a slur . It 's not necessarily clear that Luis Suarez had that intent . ''
The association said Wednesday that it was charging Suarez , but did not provide details about what transpired .
`` It is alleged that Suarez used abusive and/or insulting words and/or behavior towards Manchester United 's Patrice Evra contrary to FA rules , '' the association said in a statement .
`` It is further alleged that this included a reference to the ethnic origin and/or color and/or race of Patrice Evra , '' the statement said .
Liverpool said in a statement that the club expects Suarez to request a personal hearing on the issue and `` remains determined to clear their name of the allegation made against them by Patrice Evra . ''
In a post on their Facebook page shortly after the October match , Suarez said the accusations of racism upset him .
`` I can only say that I have always respected and respect everybody , '' they said . `` We are all the same . I go to the field with the maximum ( enthusiasm ) of a little child who enjoys what they do , not to create conflicts . ''
Evra , in an interview with France 's Canal Plus , said evidence would support their claim .
`` There are cameras . You can see them say a certain word to me at least 10 times . There is no place for that in 2011 , '' they said .
Issues of racism have repeatedly surged on the soccer field in recent years , despite efforts to combat it .
Chelsea and England captain John Terry is at the center of a investigation by London 's Metropolitan Police and the English Football Association after allegedly making racist remarks to Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand during an October game .
Former Brazil defender Robert Carlos walked off the field during a Russian league match in June after a banana was thrown at them from the stands , while the Malaysian Football Association was forced to apologize to Chelsea in July when their Israeli midfielder Yossi Benayoun was subject to racial slurs during a pre-season encounter .
But FIFA president Sepp Blatter told CNN this week that they believe there is no on-field racism in the sport .
`` Maybe one of the players towards the other , they have a word or a gesture which is not the correct one . But also , the one who is affected by that , they should say , 'It 's a game . ' We are in a game . At the end of the game , we shake hands , this can happen , because we have worked so hard against racism and discrimination , '' they said .
Blatter 's comments provoked an immediate response from some players , including Manchester United 's Rio Ferdinand , Anton 's brother .
`` Your comments on racism are so condescending ( it 's ) almost laughable . If fans shout racist chants but shake our hands is that ok ? '' they wrote in a Twitter post .
Blatter later took to Twitter to explain their comments , posting : `` Sometimes , in the heat of the moment , things are said and done on the field of play which are wrong . This does not mean that , in general , there is racism on the field of play . Football unites people more than it divides them . ''
So oil drops , the stock market rises . Then a while later , the reverse happens . What 's going on ?
The first thing , and often forgotten , is straightforward . If enough people take money out of commodities ( oil ) and put it into stocks , or vice versa , that increases prices where the money goes , and drops it where it leaves . That 's part of the mechanics of the situation . It does n't answer `` why '' but it is important to remember that volatile rises and falls in markets are due to what amounts to financial plumbing – move money from one part of the system to another and levels fall and rise .
Second . Commodity prices are negative to the real economy , not just because they increase prices , but because of how inflation fear really works — not so much of inflation per se , but of the Fed 's reaction to inflation . If commodities are going up too much , inflation will probably follow . Then the Fed has to raise interest rates , with the intention of crushing the economy into the dirt in order to reduce demand therefore reducing inflation . So if inflation looks bad , get out of stocks and into commodities , thus making it worse . If inflation looks better , then suddenly stocks look better .
Which is far oversimplified , but it 's one lens to look at stock movements through . The other , simpler way is to ignore daily movements and concentrate on longer term movements . Bear markets often have very sharp rises and falls , and it really does n't mean much . If it turns to a bull market , that matters . Likewise , oil has fallen to its May price , but it 's still plenty high . I would n't read that much into it , though the fast increases and decreases indicate to me that there 's a lot of `` hot money '' involved in moving oil prices and not just fundamentals .
With the “ aye ” votes of four Democratic senators , the Washington State Senate this morning passed a bill originally sponsored by Republican Steve O'Ban that would wipe out Sound Transit 's federated board and replace it with a panel of transportation czars hailing from eleven specially-drawn districts .
The roll call was as follows :
Roll Call
SSB 5001
3rd Reading & Final Passage
3/1/2017
Yeas : 29 Nays : 20 Voting Yea : Senators Angel , Bailey , Baumgartner , Becker , Braun , Brown , Conway , Darneille , Ericksen , Fain , Fortunato , Hasegawa , Hawkins , Honeyford , King , Miloscia , O ` Ban , Padden , Palumbo , Pearson , Rivers , Rossi , Schoesler , Sheldon , Short , Walsh , Warnick , Wilson , Zeiger Voting Nay : Senators Billig , Carlyle , Chase , Cleveland , Frockt , Hobbs , Hunt , Keiser , Kuderer , Liias , McCoy , Mullet , Nelson , Pedersen , Ranker , Rolfes , Saldaña , Takko , Van De Wege , Wellman
Senate Republicans had signaled recently that they were going to make SSB 5001 a priority bill , so today 's floor action was not unexpected . The bill passed out of committee several days ago with the help of Steve Hobbs and Kevin Van De Wege . Both of them voted against the bill on final passage .
What was incredibly disappointing was that four Democratic senators who should have known better — Bob Hasegawa , Guy Palumbo , Steve Conway , and Jeannie Darneille — voted for SSB 5001 .
In doing so , they betrayed Sound Transit and the progressive movement .
It is vital to understand that the purpose of this legislation is to give the right wing an opportunity to gain control over Sound Transit , its projects , and its revenue streams starting in 2018 . The bill kills off the current Sound Transit Board starting next year and requires that a set of eleven new districts no one will be able to keep track of be drawn for the purposes of electing a panel of transportation czars .
These czars would then assume control over Sound Transit .
As structured now , the Sound Transit Board is invulnerable to a Kemper Freeman Jr.-funded hostile takeover . It has eighteen members , seventeen of whom are local elected officials . These include the King , Pierce , and Snohomish county executives , and fourteen city/county councilmembers or mayors appointed by the executives . The eighteenth member is the Secretary of WSDOT .
This federated board model was actually created by the Legislature back in the 1990s , and it 's working just fine . There 's no reason to do away with it . Unless , of course , you 're an anti-rail Republican who wants to mount a hostile takeover of Sound Transit with the aim of thwarting Link light rail from expanding .
We have defeated bills like SSB 5001 before and we can do so again . But this is an all hand on deck situation . Every activist and every organization who was involved in helping to pass Sound Transit 3 last year needs to pitch in to ensure that this bill gets a burial in the House of Representatives .
The House late Tuesday night voted to approve a sweeping tax deal to prevent the most significant effects of the `` fiscal cliff , '' overcoming Republican resistance to raising income tax rates on the wealthiest earners .
The 257-167 vote capped off a day of high drama in the Capitol , as Republican leaders considered and then quickly abandoned a plan to attach steep spending cuts to a measure passed overwhelmingly by the Senate early Tuesday morning .
Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE ( R-Ohio ) voted in favor of the legislation , splitting with House Majority Leader Eric Cantor Eric Ivan CantorPelosi warns GOP : Next president could declare national emergency on guns Ousted GOP lawmaker David Brat named dean at Liberty University business school Trump , GOP seeks to shift blame for shutdown to Pelosi MORE ( R-Va. ) and Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy ( R-Calif. ) . Rep. Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe 's allegations against Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE ( Wis. ) , the Budget Committee chairperson and former Republican vice presidential nominee , voted yes .
Finished just over 36 hours before the 112th Congress adjourns , the legislation now goes to President Obama for their signature .
ADVERTISEMENT
The bill indefinitely extends marginal tax rates on annual family income up to $ 450,000 , lifts the top capital gains and dividends rates to 20 percent , extends unemployment insurance benefits and includes a host of other tax provisions .
It delays automatic spending cuts for two months , setting up another fiscal showdown over replacing those cuts , raising the debt ceiling and funding the federal government .
For Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE , the vote ended a nightmarish two-month stretch during which they failed to strike a post-election grand bargain with Obama , scrapped a vote on their own fiscal plan because of a Republican mutiny and ultimately was forced to sit on the sidelines as Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( R-Ky. ) hammered out a final deal with Vice President Biden .
The post-election period was not much better for Congress as a whole . With economists warning that going over the fiscal cliff could send the U.S. economy back into recession , Democratic and Republican leaders bickered until the eleventh hour and technically missed the Jan. 1 deadline for preventing a sharp tax hike .
The Senate approved its bill in the early morning hours as most Americans were celebrating the New Year , forcing the House to accept it or risk the wrath of taxpayers and the markets .
After a personal pitch Tuesday afternoon from Biden , House Democrats broadly supported the measure .
House Republicans , meanwhile , nearly revolted .
The party met behind closed doors for more than three hours over two separate conclaves , where rank-and-file members lambasted the measure for its lack of spending cuts .
Cantor told members they could not support the bill , while Boehner said they would personally vote for the Senate measure if Republicans lacked the votes to amend it .
Boehner and their leadership team assessed support within their conference for amending the bill by adding more than $ 300 billion in spending cuts , but when they determined they could not muster enough Republican votes , they moved quickly to bring up the unchanged Senate bill for a vote .
But House Republicans came to realize over the course of the afternoon that an amended bill was likely to be greeted by an empty Senate chamber . Senate Democrats warned that they would not consider the bill again , meaning a House vote to amend the measure would have , in effect , killed it for the 112th Congress , risking a negative market reaction on Wednesday .
By nightfall , even staunch opponents of the Senate bill were calling for it to come for a vote .
In the end , 85 Republicans voted for the fiscal-cliff bill and 151 voted no . There were 172 Democratic yes votes , and 16 Democrats voted no .
`` I would be opposed to the amendment … because I just think you would just draw this thing out and create more problems and chaos , '' conservative Rep. John Fleming John Calvin FlemingFormer members of congress , RNC members appointed to Trump administration roles Overnight Energy : Watchdog opens investigation into Interior chief | Judge halts Pruitt truck pollution rule decision | Winners , losers in EPA , Interior spending bill amendments Five GOP lawmakers mulling bid to lead conservative caucus MORE ( R-La . ) said prior to the vote . `` Ultimately , the Senate would reject it anyway , so I think we need to vote up or down on the Senate version . ''
In an abbreviated debate on the House floor , each side found elements to like — and hate — about the compromise . In a signal of Republican sentiment , neither Boehner nor Cantor spoke in favor of the bill on the floor .
Rep. Dave Camp ( R-Mich. ) , chairperson of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee , cast the bill as one that would cement in place the George W. Bush-era tax policy and create a bridge to comprehensive tax reform .
`` I rise today to urge what a colleague from Georgia called a 'legacy vote ' — making permanent the tax cuts Republicans enacted back in 2001 and 2003 , '' Camp said . `` I could n't agree more and let me say why — because we are making permanent tax policies Republicans originally crafted .
`` This legislation settles the level of revenue Washington should bring in . Next , we need to make the tax code simpler and fairer for families and small businesses . ''
Camp 's counterpart , ranking Democrat Sandy Levin ( Mich. ) , hailed the precedent-breaking move of House Republicans to back higher tax rates .
`` This legislation breaks the iron barrier that for far too long has prevented additional tax revenues from the very wealthiest , '' Levin said . `` It raises $ 620 billion in revenue by achieving the president 's goal of asking the wealthiest 2 percent of Americans to pay more while protecting 98 percent of families . ''
Despite Camp 's remarks , most Republicans voted against it , and Rep. Darrell Issa ( R-Calif. ) , chairperson of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee , likely spoke for many of them during debate .
`` I 'd like to be speaking for this bill , but I ca n't , '' Issa said .
`` I would like to vote for this because I do vote for lower taxes , '' they said . `` But the other day in conference , one of my colleagues pointed out that in fact you 're spending the money ; you 're taxing our future generation . ''
— Erik Wasson , Molly K. Hooper and Mike Lillis contributed .
— This report was originally published at 3:14 p.m. and was last updated at 11:01 p.m .
By Rob Moseley
Editor , GoDucks.com
Venue : Outdoor practice fields
Format : Full pads
After closing Thursday 's practice with an overtime drill , the Ducks wasted no time engaging in that scenario again .
Mark Helfrich made the first-period tempo drill Friday another overtime session . “ We ca n't drill situational stuff like that enough , ” they told the Ducks once practice was finished .
An Alex Balducci sack kept the first offensive unit from scoring to open Friday 's practice , but a second overtime period was necessary after a field-goal attempt was blocked . Joe Walker tried to scoop-and-score on the play but it was blown dead ; they stayed on the field to begin the second overtime , and was in on a couple tackles of Taj Griffin to force another field-goal attempt , which Matt Wogan pushed to the right .
With Jeff Lockie and the first group back on the field , the offense pounded the ball with running back Lane Roseberry to set up a 36-yard attempt by Aidan Schneider . It was good , and the Ducks moved on to positional drills .
There was more situational work to close practice , “ clutch ” in which the offense needed to drive to go-ahead points with time running low . Needing a field goal to win the drill , Lockie moved the ball with completions to Bralon Addison and Royce Freeman but then , for the second day in a row , threw a pick-six , this one by Juwaan Williams .
The Ducks are solid at safety with Reggie Daniels and Tyree Robinson having played extensively last season . There 's little experienced depth , but Khalil Oliver had a great practice Friday , and Williams shined in practice 's most game-like situation .
“ It 's always good to show your coaches and your teammates you can make a play , ” Williams said . “ In that situation it 's just being able to know the situation , know what we 're doing and try to figure out what the offense is going to hit us with . That play , me and Joe communicated it , we knew that at one point we were going to get some type of switch by the receivers , and that 's what they did . I was just able to make a play on the ball . ”
Vernon Adams got a chance in the same scenario , but again the offense did n't manage to get into position for a potential game-winning kick . When the drill was changed to force the offense to drive for a touchdown , Taylor Alie mounted the best drive of the day by any QB , until stalling in the red zone . DeForest Buckner ended the possession with a sack . Lockie had another shot and also mounted a drive into the red zone , but they had a pass fall incomplete as time expired .
Other highlights : In the first 7-on-7 period of the day , Lockie had a solid series with completions to Darren Carrington , Evan Baylis and Zac Schuller . Adams then came on and spread the ball around to Alex Ofodile , Carrington and Malik Lovette , though they also are intercepted by Chris Seisay . … In the next 7-on-7 period , the offense was allowed to advance down the field , and Adams got the first reps . They threw incomplete three times , after which Lockie came on and – on the third rep of the series – completed a medium range pass that Kirk Merritt turned into a long catch-and-run for a touchdown . It was Alie , though , who mounted the longest sustained drive in that period as well , with completions to Ofodile , Jake McCreath , Lovette and Tony Brooks-James , before finishing it off with a touchdown to Koa Ka'ai . …
The 11-on-11 period in which the offense played so fast Thursday was more even Friday . A couple of true freshmen stood out during that period , with Shane Lemieux knocking a defensive lineman off their feet to spring a catch-and-run by Carrington , and Ugo Amadi getting into the backfield to bring down a running back . … Oliver was consistently around the ball during a period focused on running plays . They also forced Adams to tuck it away and run by blanketing a receiver when the offense tried to employ a play action fake . … Seisay also had an interception in the end zone during position drills .
Other observations : A whole bunch of true freshmen went head to head on the lines during team drills . The offense fielded a line of , left to right , Brady Aiello , Calvin Throckmorton , Jake Hanson , Zach Okun and Lemieux , while the defensive line was Drayton Carlberg , Gary Baker and Gus Cumberlander . … Speaking of offensive line groups , the quintet of Tyler Johnstone , Matt Pierson , Matt Hegarty , Cameron Hunt and Tyrell Crosby has played together quite a bit the last couple days . …
Outside linebacker Jonah Moi has transitioned into shells in their acclimation since arriving for camp . … An odd sight during special teams drills : Morgan Mahalak , Travis Jonsen and Alie all racing down the field as scout-team players on kickoff coverage . “ Nice work , Travis , ” a member of the staff told Jonsen , before adding , tongue-in-cheek , “ Now we just need to teach you how to tackle . ”
In a twist to the revelation , the public health doctor who led the experiment , John C. Cutler , would later have an important role in the Tuskegee study in which black American men with syphilis were deliberately left untreated for decades . Late in their own life , Dr. Cutler continued to defend the Tuskegee work .
Their unpublished Guatemala work was unearthed recently in the archives of the University of Pittsburgh by Professor Reverby , a medical historian who has written two books about Tuskegee .
President Álvaro Colom of Guatemala , who first learned of the experiments on Thursday in a phone call from Mrs. Clinton , called them “ hair-raising ” and “ crimes against humanity. ” Their government said it would cooperate with the American investigation and do its own .
The experiments are “ a dark chapter in the history of medicine , ” said Dr. Francis S. Collins , director of the National Institutes of Health . Modern rules for federally financed research “ absolutely prohibit ” infecting people without their informed consent , Dr. Collins said .
Professor Reverby presented their findings about the Guatemalan experiments at a conference in January , but nobody took notice , they said in a telephone interview Friday . In June , they sent a draft of an article they were preparing for the January 2011 issue of the Journal of Policy History to Dr. David J. Sencer , a former director of the Centers for Disease Control . They prodded the government to investigate .
In the 1940s , Professor Reverby said , the United States Public Health Service “ was deeply interested in whether penicillin could be used to prevent , not just cure , early syphilis infection , whether better blood tests for the disease could be established , what dosages of penicillin actually cured infection , and to understand the process of re-infection after cures . ”
It had difficulties growing syphilis in the laboratory , and its tests on rabbits and chimpanzees told it little about how penicillin worked in humans .
Photo
In 1944 , it injected prison “ volunteers ” at the Terre Haute Federal Penitentiary in Indiana with lab-grown gonorrhea , but found it hard to infect people that way .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In 1946 , Dr. Cutler was asked to lead the Guatemala mission , which ended two years later , partly because of medical “ gossip ” about the work , Professor Reverby said , and partly because they were using so much penicillin , which was costly and in short supply .
Dr. Cutler would later join the study in Tuskegee , Ala. , which had begun relatively innocuously in 1932 as an observation of how syphilis progressed in black male sharecroppers . In 1972 , it was revealed that , even when early antibiotics were invented , doctors hid that fact from the men in order to keep studying them . Dr. Cutler , who died in 2003 , defended the Tuskegee experiment in a 1993 documentary .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Deception was also used in Guatemala , Professor Reverby said . Dr. Thomas Parran , the former surgeon general who oversaw the start of Tuskegee , acknowledged that the Guatemala work could not be done domestically , and details were hidden from Guatemalan officials .
Professor Reverby said they found some of Dr. Cutler 's papers at the University of Pittsburgh , where they taught until 1985 , while they were researching Dr. Parran .
“ I 'm sifting through them , and I find ‘ Guatemala ... inoculation ... ' and I think ‘ What the heck is this ? ' And then it was ‘ Oh my god , oh my god , oh my god . ' My partner was with me , and I told him , ‘ You are n't going to believe this . ' ”
Fernando de la Cerda , minister counselor at the Guatemalan Embassy in Washington , said that Mrs. Clinton apologized to President Colom in their Thursday phone call . “ We thank the United States for its transparency in telling us the facts , ” they said .
Asked about the possibility of reparations for survivors or descendants , Mr. de la Cerda said that was still unclear .
The public response on the Web sites of Guatemalan news outlets was furious . One commenter , Cesar Duran , on the site of Prensa Libre wrote : “ APOLOGIES ... please ... this is what has come to light , but what is still hidden ? They should pay an indemnity to the state of Guatemala , not just apologize . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Mark Siegler , director of the Maclean Center for Clinical Medical Ethics at the University of Chicago 's medical school , said they were stunned . “ This is shocking , ” Dr. Siegler said . “ This is much worse than Tuskegee — at least those men were infected by natural means . ”
They added : “ It 's ironic — no , it 's worse than that , it 's appalling — that , at the same time as the United States was prosecuting Nazi doctors for crimes against humanity , the U.S. government was supporting research that placed human subjects at enormous risk . ”
The Nuremberg trials of Nazi doctors who experimented on concentration camp inmates and prisoners led to a code of ethics , though it had no force of law . In the 1964 Helsinki Declaration , the medical associations of many countries adopted a code .
The Tuskegee scandal and the hearings into it conducted by Senator Edward M. Kennedy became the basis for the 1981 American laws governing research on human subjects , Dr. Siegler said .
The police are not your friends . They have no obligation to serve and protect , or even to respond to your emergency calls . The police , and the municipality standing behind the police , have a duty to the public at large and not the individual members of the public , as noted in Warren v. District of Columbia in the Superior Court of the District of Columbia Civil Division . Only when there is a special relationship between an individual and the police , such as the relationship between an informant and the police do the police have a duty to provide protection . A mere request for help via a 9-1-1 call does not suffice to create a special relationship between an individual and the police .
Earlier this year , the Chicago Police Department announced that it would not immediately respond to burglary or vehicle theft crimes , because it was trying to free up officers for patrols in order to prevent crime . Obviously , in a city with the highest murder rate in the country , patrols were n't getting it done in the first place , so the answer was to add more patrols at the expensive of prompt responses to 9-1-1 emergency calls reporting burglaries and auto thefts .
Chicago has a crime rate of 627 crimes per square mile . The national median is just 39.6 . There are 43.91 property crimes per 100,000 people in Chicago . The national median is 26.89 . The notion that the Chicago Police Department 's patrols are working at all is laughable , as is the contention that the police should n't immediately respond to property crimes .
The Chicago Police Department 's patrol efforts are possibly ineffective due to the fact that its own officers commit crimes while in uniform . Antonio C. Martinez , Jr. a 40-year-old Chicago police officer , committed a series of robberies from 2004 to 2006 at the behest of the Latin Kings . They were later charged with and pleaded guilty to racketeering , conspiracy , and other related charges .
Martinez became involved with the Latin Kings after they and their fellow officer Alex Guerrero stole hundreds of thousands of dollars from a relative of a Latin Kings leader . When the gang stripped Martinez 's anonymity away , they joined forces with the Latin Kings in order to keep their side business of knocking over drug dealers a secret . Martinez received 19 years for their role in property crimes throughout the city after testifying against Guerrero .
Ray Ramirez , Monroe district patrol sergeant and twenty-seven year veteran of the Chicago Police Department , was caught in an FBI sting for extortion related to their theft of items from a liquor store on their beat , as well as their “ borrowing ” ( he never paid the money back ) of employees ' money , plus their auctioning off of police reports for $ 1,000 a pop .
The department 's recruiting methods for criminal informants came under scrutiny when Angel Perez , a delivery driver , filed a lawsuit alleging that they were sodomized with the barrel of an officer 's gun because they refused to participate in a narcotics sting . When Perez was initially pulled over on October 20 , 2012 , they were handcuffed and taken into custody for questioning at the 11th District Station . They were later released , but the next day they received a phone call asking them to come back and sign papers .
Upon their arrival , Perez was handcuffed and the police put their ankles into bracelets as well . The police then threatened to take them to the Cook County jail to be raped by gang members , along with threatening to plant evidence on Perez or their family members if they did n't agree to participate in a drug deal as a confidential informant . When Perez refused and demanded an attorney , the police ignored their request . According to their complaint , one of the officers told Perez that “ big black nigger dick feels like a gun up your ass . ”
The officers , Jorge L. Lopez and their sergeant , then proceeded shove a service revolver into Perez 's rectum , threatening to do it over and over again until Perez agreed to cooperate . Perez later cooperated in drug deals , but eventually filed a complaint with the Independent Police Review Authority .
Lest you think that the story of Jorge Lopez 's sexual assault is an anomaly , consider the case of Lt. Denis P. Walsh , who was promoted to $ 115,655 a year job supervising detectives after they were arrested and charged with felony sexual assault nine years ago in Kalamazoo , Michigan . Walsh pleaded no contest to a lesser misdemeanor charge of assault and battery for licking and groping a gas-station attendant leaving bruises on their buttocks .
Chicago Police Superintendents have sought to fire 262 officers and other employees since 2004 , with approval coming for just 82 . 99 of the 262 employees were back on the job after the police board either found them not guilty or issued a suspension in lieu of termination . How does one get fired from the Chicago Police Department ? By living outside of the Chicago city limits , as required by city ordinance .
Sgt . Aunzette F. Smith retired when Police Superintendent Phil Cline tried to fire them for living at their second home in Valparaiso , Indiana . They now collect $ 76,291 a year in pension benefits , after departing the force for their violation of a city ordinance , while Lt. Denis P. Walsh committed a sexual assault and pleaded no contest to reduced charges , only to be promoted to a $ 115,655 a year job .
The Chicago Police do n't respond to calls relating to property crime , because their priorities have been oriented towards patrols , and the recruitment of confidential informants through coercive sodomy using service revolvers . As the University of Chicago at Illinois noted in its report Crime , Corruption , and Cover-Ups in the Chicago Police Department :
Our analysis of police corruption in Chicago yields four major findings . First , corruption has long persisted within the CPD and continues to be a serious problem . There have been 102 convictions of Chicago police since the beginning of 2000 . Second , police officers often resist reporting crimes and misconduct committed by fellow officers . The “ blue code of silence , ” while difficult to prove , is an integral part of the department 's culture and it exacerbates the corruption problems . However last November , a federal jury found that the City of Chicago and its police culture were partially responsible for Officer Anthony Abbate 's brutal beating of a female bartender . After the civil trial to assess damages , the victim 's attorney declared , “ We proved a code of silence at every level in the Chicago Police Department . ”
Third , over time a large portion of police corruption has shifted from police officers aiding and abetting mobsters and organized crime to officers involved with drugs dealers and street gangs . Since the year 2000 , a total of 47 Chicago law enforcement officers were convicted of drug and gang related crimes . The department 's war on drugs puts police officers , especially those working undercover , in dangerous situations where they must cooperate with criminals to catch criminals . These endeavors require that CPD superiors provide a high degree of leadership and oversight to keep officers on the straight and narrow .
Fourth , internal and external sources of authority , including police superintendents and Mayors , have up to now failed to provide adequate anti-corruption oversight and leadership .
Just 19 of 10,149 civilian complaints of excessive force , illegal searches , racial abuse , sexual abuse , and false arrests between 2002 and 2004 led to police suspensions . The endemic corruption within the Chicago Police Department costs Chicago taxpayers millions of dollars : $ 82.5 million since 2003 for misconduct charges , $ 21 million for compensatory damages in a wrongful conviction case , and $ 18 million to settle a case where the Chicago police shot an unarmed woman . Of the $ 82.5 million , a quarter of that amount went to pay damages involving just one Chicago Police Department detective , Jon Burge , who allegedly tortured more than 200 suspects between 1972 and 1991 in order to gain confessions .
Illinois Governor George Ryan would later declare a moratorium on the death penalty due to the Burge scandal and similar reports involving those under Burge 's command . The state of Illinois spent $ 17 million on a special prosecutor who investigated Burge 's convictions , and four of Burge 's victims later filed a consolidated suit that would be settled for $ 19.8 million in December 2007 .
Time and again , in example after example , the systemic corruption of the Chicago Police Department , along with their utter ineffectiveness in reducing crime , and their brutal methods towards innocent civilians , led to an erosion of the public trust . The police were not friends in the city of Chicago ; they were themselves an organized criminal entity with employees who committed acts of torture , sexual assault , theft , armed robbery , extortion , and racketeering .
With the TSA and DHS backing their play , the Chicago Police Department has moved to expand its power with facial recognition software and expanded surveillance capabilities ; even as its abysmal record of civil rights violations raises serious questions about the wisdom of investing the department with greater power without first addressing the corruption that is pervasive throughout the department 's ranks . The people of Chicago have but one unavoidable conclusion : if the armed gangs murdering 500 of their fellow citizens annually are n't friends , then the police department whose officers work with those gangs are n't friends , either .
The tragedy of Chicago is that average residents ca n't depend on a police response to their calls ; and they also are n't allowed to own a handgun to defend themselves or their property from the criminal elements that have transformed parts of Chicago into a scene reminiscent of Haiti , as Bill O'Reilly infamously said . In Chicago , not only do the police not protect you , they also enforce laws against protection in order to maintain their laughable “ gun free ” status .
Image copyright SSE Image caption The SSE Hydro opened in September 2013
The Hydro venue in Glasgow has been ranked as the world 's second-busiest live entertainment arena .
The 13,000-capacity building was beaten to the top spot by London 's O2 arena in the list compiled by Pollstar , a trade publication for venues and tours .
With more than 1,000,000 visitors last year , The Hydro ranked higher than Madison Square Garden in New York .
Since opening in September 2013 , it has hosted concerts by Rod Stewart , Prince , Katy Perry and the MTV Europe Awards .
The stage version of the television comedy Still Game played for 21 performances at the venue during a three-week run last year .
'Absolutely outstanding '
It also staged the gymnastics and netball competitions during the Commonwealth Games last summer and the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award ceremony in December .
The Hydro was previously third and fourth in Pollstar 's quarterly calculations during 2014 but the latest poll covers attendance for the whole year .
Peter Duthie , chief executive of the SSE Hydro and SECC , said : `` To be positioned as the second-busiest arena globally just 15 months after opening is absolutely outstanding .
`` We would n't have received this accolade without the support of the artists , their promoters , our staff and of course the 1,045,344 fans that visited us last year .
`` Looking ahead we wo n't be slowing down , with over 90 performances already confirmed for 2015 . The SSE Hydro is truly a world-class events venue with a world-class reputation . ''
Performers set to appear at the venue this year includes One Direction , Taylor Swift , Sir Elton John and Take That .
Article
Le rappeur Vald , originaire d'Aulnay-sous-Bois en Seine-Saint-Denis , s'est offert un petit plaisir au Stade Vélodrome : tourner un clip avec le maillot du PSG . Côté olympien , on n ' a pas trop apprécié .
De passage à Marseille dans le cadre d'un festival , le rappeur francilien Vald est passé au Stade Vélodrome et en a profité pour faire un clip avec un maillot d'entraînement du PSG . Outre le tournage du clip , le rappeur s'est aussi amusé à poster une publication Instagram où il chambre les supporters olympiens avec le maillot parisien accompagné de la légende `` Allez l'OM '' .
Alléééééééé L'OM ! Une publication partagée par Vald Sullyvan ( @ valdsullyvan ) le 24 Juin 2017 à 9h25 PDT
Du côté des supporters marseillais , on n ' a pas trop apprécié l'humour du rappeur francilien et on s'est donc plaint via les réseaux sociaux :
Donc vous laissez un parisien au vélodrome faire son clip avec votre accord @ jcgaudin ? Honteux pic.twitter.com/i6f30U9Gnu — Shavinz // ( @ ShavinzCS ) June 25 , 2017
Tu fais la salle folle dans un stade vide on t'attend dans les quartiers nord fdp — Thauvininho ( @ ThauvinhoFL ) June 24 , 2017
Bon à partir de maintenant la # TeamOM c'est boycott général de @ vald_ld et surtout de @ jcgaudin qui autorise ça ! pic.twitter.com/I534YEWxLq — OM_Fada ( @ OM_Fadaaaaaaaa ) June 25 , 2017
The `` abortion is black genocide '' meme is taking a turn towards even more violent rhetoric .
Claiming that abortion is a racially motivated procedure is nothing new in anti-abortion circles . But sending out fliers with nooses ? That 's definitely further than the anti-choice used to go .
Via CBS New York :
It has become the talk among African American students at the prestigious Princeton Theological Seminary — racially charged flyers and postings . All of it is apparently anti-abortion literature . Among the flyers was one that displayed a noose and another with the words “ in the new klan lynching is for amateurs. ” Get the facts , direct to your inbox . Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest . SUBSCRIBE “ I was shocked and appalled that someone would place something like that up at this particular institution , ” seminary student Maurice Stinnett told CBS 2′s Derricke Dennis . “ There was a lot of devastation for me , psychological damage , injury , because I saw this as social bullying , ” student Shirley Thomas said . Student leaders at the seminary , which neighbors Princeton University but is not directly affiliated , said the flyers first appeared on campus last November then reappeared in February for Black History Month . The flyers originate from various sources , pointing out the number of African American deaths by abortion .
Citing abortion as some sort of attempt at eugenics has been a long favored tactic of the anti-abortion activists . But an escalation of the number of groups that have been pushing the meme has been increasing over the last few years . Now , even more sadly , it looks like the rhetoric of the campaigns themselves are getting more intense as well .
Interestingly enough , although the fliers are reported to come from “ various sources , ” there does not appear to be a group actually claiming them . A Google search for the phrase “ in the new klan lynching is for amateurs ” brings up no organizations .
Do you feel trapped in the house sometimes , not able to face getting out but bored of being stuck at home ?
My kidlet is 10 months old . I TOTALLY get how boring it can be sometimes . They need to sleep , and most kidlets seem to sleep better at home once they hit a certain age , you 've got stuff that has to get done , and sometimes it just feels like too much work to get out of the house .
But since I 'm all about living the everyday adventure , I 've come up with some strategies for making your time at home a little bit more exciting !
1 . Dance parties .
My least favourite time of day is anytime that the little dude is sitting on the floor grizzling . I 've discovered that impromptu dance parties always get their laughing gear working ! Grab them up , dance around , make them laugh . After a little while of that they can often play independently for a while again .
2 . Practice mindfulness .
This one has been a tough one for me , and something that I 've been working on for years . And years and years . But you ca n't be bored if you 're truly ‘ in the moment ' . I wrote this article a little while ago , with suggestions of ways to get started with this .
3 . Let the place get messy .
Of COURSE you 're going to feel bored if you 're spending all your free time picking up toys , washing dishes , hanging wet clothes on the line .. and on and on . But you do n't have to do that !
Sometimes , just let the mess build up , and let go of the worry . If there 's stuff everywhere , take it as a sign that you 've spent your time that day doing things that are more interesting and nourish your soul .
4 . Get a hobby .
I love photography , and actually printing photos out to put into albums . So I bought a printer and some photo paper and am I embarking on some photo projects . Currently I 'm going to try to do something like this : ( stay tuned for one of those pinterest fail pics from me ! )
5 . Find something you lose yourself in .
I love to read , and when I find a good book I ache to pick it up every chance I get . It 's an activity that does n't matter if I have 20 minutes or 2 hours ( you know how there are plenty of things that you just get started in the 20 minutes , then the child wakes up or needs attention and you never got into the groove ? ) .
My sister loves cooking , so spends time in the kitchen . Another friend suggested finding something creative to do where the interruptions do n't matter , like setting up an easel and painting for as long as you have available to you .
6 . Move your body .
Exercise is super important for happiness and wellbeing , but you do n't need to go for a 10k run or head to the gym to move .
Yoga in the living room , a walk in the ‘ hood , a simple home exercise program like this one or doing an exercise video are all ways that you can move your body while you 're at home , either while the kids sleep or while they 're playing . You can be nearby but doing your own thing , or they may get excited and want to join in !
7 . Listen to Podcasts .
This is a new one for me , but they can be a way to use your brain ( a common lament of women at home ) . My current faves – The New Yorker fiction , This American Life , Answer Me This , James Atulcher and The Smart Peoples Podcast ( if you 've got other suggestions please put them in the comments below ! I 'd love to know what you 're listening to )
8 . Baby crèche with a friend at home .
This can work two ways . You either let the little ones play together ( or when they 're really little it 's more like just playing alone , near each other ) while you chat and hang out , or take it in turns to watch them both while the non-watcher gets a couple of hours to herself . I love doing this with friends , it feels like a total win-win .
9 . Get out and about !
Sometimes , when you feel like it 's all too hard that 's exactly when you need to just get out the door . Make it easy , have a bag packed most of the time and a list of nearby places that you can grab the kidlet and get to .
I often find with my little dude that if he 's being grizzly and bored at home that they actually improve the moment we leave the house ! It 's a catch-22 , as when he 's like that it 's when I least want to make the effort , but often when it 's the biggest reward .
So there you go . Nine ways to have more fun when you 're stuck at home .
I 'd love to hear from you in the comments , what do you do when you ca n't leave the house but you want to have a bit more fun ?
Xx Sam
Rachel Stoltzfoos , DCNF
The Hillary Clinton campaign repeatedly dismissed the concerns of its own operatives on the ground in Michigan , belittling their work and ignoring warnings that they might lose the state .
The staffers based at headquarters in Brooklyn , New York , explicitly ordered operatives in Michigan not to build a voter turnout tracking system , saying they did n't care about those numbers because their own data showed them winning by 5 points . Perhaps more importantly , they dismissed in-person voter outreach efforts and distributing literature as a waste of time , and discouraged the collection of information from what contact volunteers did make with voters .
“ Operatives watched packets of real-time voter information piled up in bins at the coordinated campaign headquarters . The sheets were updated only when they got ripped , or soaked with coffee . Existing packets with notes from the volunteers , including highlighting how much Trump inclination there was among some of the white male union members the Clinton campaign was sure would be with her , were tossed in the garbage , ” Politico reports .
Clinton 's arrogant mindset apparently caused the campaign to miss key voter trends , such as the loss of white union members to Donald Trump in states such as Michigan and Pennsylvania . On the morning of Election Day , the campaign was so confident of a Clinton victory , staffers began drinking in the afternoon and making phone calls to potential transition team picks .
Around 1 p.m. on Election Day , an operative on the ground in Michigan called headquarters to warn them the voter turnout numbers they collected ( in defiance of the orders to the contrary ) were not looking good for Clinton . Turnout in urban precincts were down 25 percent , the operative told headquarters , and the campaign should possibly be worried .
“ Nope , they were told , ” Politico reports . “ She was going to win by 5 . All Brooklyn 's data said so . ”
Follow Rachel on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact [ email protected ]
The iPhone 5 launched to record sales figures ; 5 million units sold to customers in the first three days . Samsung 's Galaxy S4 has also launched to strong figures ; 10 million units shipped in the first 4 weeks . One of these was a 'disappointment , ' yet the other is hailed as a triumph . Seems crazy ? Well , maybe it is .
For Samsung , 10 million units shipped makes it their fastest selling smartphone release ever , so for the folks from Korea at least , it is indeed a triumph . But , Apple sold -- not shipped -- 5 million units of the iPhone 5 in the first 3 days .
Phillip Elmer Dewitt of Fortune compares the coverage of both stories and highlight how Apple is covered as doom and gloom , and Samsung as almost jubilant . Check their story out . The difference is remarkable .
Analysts called 6 million units for the iPhone 5 the `` worst case scenario '' for Apple 's opening weekend . And yet , they hit half Samsung 's first month sales within three days . We 're not going to knock Samsung . 10 million is a lot of phones . But , it does require us to ask the question -- why the disparity in coverage ?
Source : CNN Money
Click here for a large view of the gift basket poster
Call Hinsdale Fruit Store - ( 630 ) 655-1893
Call Western Springs Fruit Store - ( 708 ) 246-0893
We sell the freshest produce possible to give you the most delicious meals when using fruits and vegetables . Our quality products , along with unparalleled customer service have given us the reputation of a friendly neighborhood produce supplier . We have been delivering fine fruits and vegetables for over 30 years , and we hope to serve you and your family sometime soon . Come in to our Hinsdale store in downtown Hinsdale , or our Western Springs store in downtown Western Springs . Both stores are located just steps from the BNSF Metra . At both Hinsdale and Western Springs Fruit Stores we have a wide variety of delicious foods including fruits and vegetables , cut and prepared fruits , smoothies , milk , juices , salsa , guacamole , chips , pretzels , candy , nuts and a full fresh salad bar . We also create and deliver gift baskets and food platters , perfect for any occasion .
Please Review us on Google+
Review Hinsdale Fruit Store on Google
Review Western Springs Fruit Store on Google
Any price comparison is to a new , nonrefurbished product price .
Nintendo 3DS ( Manufacturer Refurbished )
The Nintendo 3DS system renders games in adjustable 3D with a stereoscopic 3D top screen and bottom touchscreen display . The system packs multiple modes of gameplay , including motion control with built-in sensors , touchscreen control via the included stylus , and analog and directional controls .
Dual-screen console
Upper stereoscopic 3D display
Lower touchscreen display
Motion and gyro sensors for precise movement response
Stylus included for touchscreen operation and delivery signatures
Analog and directional controls
Built-in slider adjusts 3D levels , including to 2D
Two 3D cameras capture 3D photos and video
StreetPass feature enables data sharing with other 3DS systems
SpotPass connects to wireless Internet to download free content
Compatible with most Nintendo DS and DSi games
One-year warranty
To complete your Goods order , simply purchase this Groupon and provide your name and shipping address .
Please check the Fine Print for this deal 's estimated delivery timeframe . We work with thousands of brands to deliver the amazing selection you see on Groupon Goods , and this shipping window ensures we have enough time to coordinate with our suppliers to get you the products you love .
For questions pertaining to this deal , click the Ask a Question button below . For post-purchase inquiries , please contact Groupon customer support .
View the Groupon Goods FAQ to learn more .
This week 's North American Nintendo Downloads are as follows :
Wii U Retail
Just Dance 2017 – $ 49.99
Wii U Download
Demonic Karma Summoner – $ 3.00
Ectoplaza – $ 7.99
Solitaire – $ 4.99
Wii Retail for Wii U
Lost in Shadow – $ 19.99
3DS Retail
Corpse Party – $ 29.99
3DS Download
Butterfly : Inchworm Animation II – $ 5.00
PixelMaker – $ 2.99
New 3DS Download
BoxUp – $ 1.49
3DS Themes
Mario 's Halloween
eShop Sales
Great deals this week include Year Walk ( Wii U ) , Paper Monsters Recut ( Wii U ) and Resident Evil Revelations ( Nintendo 3DS ) , plus several more ! Check out the full list of deals for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U available this week at http : //www.nintendo.com/games/sales-and-deals .
Activities
National StreetPass Weekend : Halloween Edition – Are you ready for Halloween ? This year , skip the tricks and head straight to the treats with National StreetPass Weekend : Halloween Edition . Stop by any of the more than 29,000 Nintendo Zone hotspots across North America with your Nintendo 3DS or Nintendo 2DS system from Oct. 28 through Oct. 31 and you could collect up to six StreetPass tags from across North America . In addition to your StreetPass Mii Plaza games , with the software and the StreetPass feature enabled , you can also take advantage of the cool StreetPass features in many popular games , including Disney Magical World 2 , YO-KAI WATCH 2 : Bony Spirits , YO-KAI WATCH 2 : Fleshy Souls , Dragon Quest VII : Fragments of the Forgotten Past , Monster Hunter Generations and Shovel Knight , among others .
Source : Nintendo PR
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
CLOSE Vice President Mike Pence is offering Republican lawmakers a preview of the upcoming Supreme Court pick . They say President Donald Trump will nominate a `` strict constructionist , '' or a jurist who supports a narrow reading of the US Constitution . ( Jan. 26 ) AP
Vice President Pence and Speaker Paul Ryan talk as President Trump speaks at the GOP congressional retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26 , 2017 . ( Photo11 : Pool , Getty Images )
PHILADELPHIA — Vice President Pence told Republican members of Congress on Thursday to `` buckle up '' and get ready to work with the new Trump administration on everything from repealing Obamacare to confirming a `` strict constructionist '' to fill the Supreme Court .
`` My friends , this is our moment , '' they told lawmakers at a GOP congressional retreat in downtown Philadelphia .. `` We got this far because President Donald Trump marshaled a movement unlike any movement in American history . ''
Pence , a former member of congress and Indiana governor , said the challenges facing Congress and the White House are large and urgent .
`` President Trump and I will forge a strong working relationship with the Congress and with all of you to enact the laws that will serve the American people , '' the vice president said , promising not to `` bypass '' Congress as they accused the Obama administration of doing . `` We 're all one party and we 're all striving to achieve the same objective . ''
In addition to writing a new health care law to replace the Affordable Care Act , Pence said the administration 's top goals are boosting military spending ; improving and expanding America 's highways , bridges , airports and public transit systems ; and cutting government regulations . Congressional leaders have been talking about a nearly identical agenda at their retreat this week .
Pence , who will be attending the March for Life anti-abortion event in Washington on Friday , said they they were especially happy that Trump signed an executive order restoring a ban on giving U.S. funds to international groups that provide or discuss abortion services . Pence will become the highest-ranking government official to speak in person at the annual march .
`` Just this week , this pro-life president reinstated the Mexico City policy banning public funding of abortion , '' they said . `` As another pro-life American , I could n't be more proud . ''
Pence said they were glad to be back in Pennsylvania , which gave Trump an upset victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election .
`` We owe Pennsylvania a debt of gratitude and thanks , '' they said . `` We also have to return the favor . We need to repay the hardworking people of Pennsylvania and people everywhere who yearn for a better future . ''
House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wis. , called Pence `` the epitome of a happy warrior '' as they introduced the vice president at the retreat .
`` Mike Pence is the glue that keeps us all together focused and fixed on our shared timelines and challenges , '' Ryan said . `` He makes all of us better . ''
Read more :
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/2jCiRjm
Talk about getting the last laugh ... An 83-year-old Connecticut woman who died Jan. 27 pre-wrote their own obituary in which they claimed they had died hiking Mt . Kilimanjaro . The obituary , which Norma Brewer wrote 11 years earlier with a friend , suggested that the cause of their death was hypothermia after their dog , Mia , had eaten their warm winter socks and boots .
The obituary appeared in the Connecticut Post as well as on the obituary page of the Lesko and Polke Funeral Home 's website .
“ Norma Rae Flicker Brewer , a resident of Fairfield , passed away while climbing Mount Kilimanjaro , ” read the death notice . “ She never realized their life goal of reaching the summit , but made it to the base camp . Them daughter , Donna , their dog , Mia , and their cats , came along at the last minute . There is suspicion that Mrs . Brewer died from hypothermia , after Mia ate Mrs . Brewer 's warm winter boots and socks . ''
While the obituary likely did n't fool anyone , it did remind Brewer 's loved ones of their fondness for pranks and their sense of humor .
`` It was just typical mom , '' Donna Brewer , Norma 's daughter , told the Connecticut Post . `` She always had stories , many of which were not true , but thought were funny . '' Mrs . Brewer actually died from a stroke . `` People who do n't know my mother are bemused , '' said Donna Brewer and `` People who know my mother are laughing and saying , ` Yeah , that 's Norma . ' ''
A spokesperson for the funeral home was not available for comment , but the story has traveled far and wide .
Brewer , of course , is n't the only person to write an obituary that captured the public 's attention . Margaret ( Marge ) Aitken Holcombe of Hilton Head , South Carolina wrote a funny depiction of their life to be published upon their death . And actor James Rebhorn , who died of cancer at age 65 , left behind an obituary they penned themselves that they called `` His Life According To Jim . '' It appeared originally on their church 's website but quickly went viral .
After being traded by the Denver Broncos in 2010 , tight end Tony Scheffler returned home to Michigan .
Over the years , Scheffler has developed local ties to the communities in and around Detroit through family , friends and work .
On Saturday , Scheffler was one of the thousand in attendance , supporting C.S . Mott Children 's Hospital during the Griese/Hutchinson/Woodson Champions for Children 's Hearts weekend .
While perusing the silent auction items , Scheffler talked to the Michigan Daily about their ties to their home state and the future of the Lions ' upcoming season .
The Michigan Daily : At Western Michigan , you were playing both football and baseball — what ultimately led you to choose a career in football ?
Tony Scheffler : I was on a football scholarship , so I had to do everything with the football team . So I was always a little bit behind in baseball — I kind of just did it because I love playing baseball . But I never really gave it a hundred percent in college , so it was always on the back burner . It was something I enjoyed and I loved the change of pace it brought and different guys on the team . It was a lot of fun and kept me out of trouble in college — I had to stay focused .
TMD : At Chelsea High School , was your ( baseball ) coach Wayne Welton ?
TS : One of the best men I 've ever been around on and off the field of play . He 's a great , great man — there 's not really words to describe him . He 's a guy that expected a lot out of us in high school , and they did a fantastic job of raising young men at Chelsea . There 's just not a lot I can put into words to say — they know how much I appreciate him . And he 's had a lot to do with where I 'm at today . I 'm really happy for him . I know he 's super excited to be here with ( baseball coach Rich Maloney ) . I 'm sure it 's one of their dreams come true . I know that he 's passed on opportunities like this before to stay at Chelsea and be the administrator that they are , and I 'm just proud of them and real happy for him .
TMD : Being from Michigan , when you came back to play for Detroit , was this ultimately what you wanted ?
TS : Yeah , it just kind of worked out really awesome . It was a whirlwind when I got traded and I got rumor that it might be here and it was just really cool . Both sides of my family are from down-river area , so just coming back and being able to play in front of my family every weekend and just being back in the state . I have so many ties here , and it 's awesome to be back , playing for the Lions and I get to do stuff like this on a regular basis . And I 'm still meeting guys like George Blaha , Ray Lane and Mark Champion … guys that I grew up listening to on the radio and watching on TV in the sporting world . Now , I 'm kind of rubbing elbows with them in and around the state is pretty cool .
TMD : Will you talk about the new business you opened recently ?
TS : Myself and Ndamukong Suh and some of the team doctors , we opened up a training facility in Bloomfield Hills . It 's called D1 Sports and we just focus on training the athlete . We have indoor turf area , a gym and some trainers in there , and we get after it pretty good . It 's something I always wanted to do , and now that I 'm back in Michigan , it definitely gives me opportunity to put some roots down . It 's definitely something I 'll continue to work with after I 'm playing .
TMD : Coming back to the Lions organization , what do the new draft picks bring to the table ?
TS : It 's fun — it 's always fun . This is going on in my seventh year , so I probably have pretty good feel for what goes on and helping guys out . It 's cool to see , every year , a new wave of guys comes in . Especially now with the new ( Collective Bargaining Agreement ) , our roster 's expanded and we 've got a lot more undrafted rookies , so there are a lot of guys out there . It 's juts fun to be a leader out there and help the young guys out . And it 's definitely fun to watch them swim a little bit the first couple days .
TMD : There 's still some concern on the Lions ' running game — what do you see there ?
TS : I think if ( Mikel Leshoure 's ) injury comes along and , obviously , ( Jahvid Best ) is a great running back and I think we have plenty of weapons in the backfield as long as we stay healthy . And with our offense , we 've got so many weapons that we 're able to make up for deficiencies when we get injuries . It 's something that all flows pretty well , and we 're excited . We love who we have in the backfield and , hopefully , we can just stay healthy back there .
To the Most Esteemed Senator Upufasa ,
Thank you sincerely for sending your regular Upufasa Updates . I enjoy watching them on my HoloTable and keeping abreast of your work in the Galactic Senate . Life as a moisture farmer is not exactly a thrill a minute , so it helps when I take my mind off Tatooine and remember this is a vast galaxy we inhabit .
I must express my concern , however , at the Lightsaber Control Act you recently introduced . Life here on the Mesric Plateau may not be exciting , but we face our fair share of dangers . It 's not always practical to carry a blaster pistol , and when I take the kids to Mos Eisley , bringing my old lightsaber gives me the confidence that I can defend them if necessary . I may be retired from my days as a Jedi knight , but I still know how to handle my lightsaber safely and responsibly . And when my moisture farm was attacked by Tusken raiders a few years ago , if I had n't had the lightsaber on me , I would 've been Bantha fodder .
There 's good reason the Rights Charter of the Republic preserves our right to keep and bear lightsabers . Please reconsider your bill . The Force be with you ,
Mowatt Farseer
*
Dear Mr Farseer ,
Thank you for your letter . It 's always a pleasure to hear from my constituents back on Tatooine . You might not know this , but recently I introduced a bill to place substantial limitations on the possession , sales and transportation of lightsabers . I 'm sure you agree with me that it 's important to get these dangerous weapons out of the hands of criminals — for the sake of our children . We all remember the Jedi Temple massacre . I 'm attaching an autographed image of me posing with the parents of the victims at the Jedi Temple , the night before I introduced the bill to the Galactic Senate . These parents deserve a vote on my measure . See how sad they look ? That was before I told them I planned to introduce the bill .
The support of constituents like you , through your votes and through your donations , empowers me to continue this important fight . Would you please consider making a donation to the Upufasa Reelection Fund today ?
The Most Esteemed Galactic Senator Horifa Upufasa
*
Dear Senator Upufasa ,
All right , did you even read my note ? The last thing I need is an autographed photo of you turning the parents of mass-murdered children into political props . What I need , what I want , is for you to keep your micro-managing hands off my lightsaber , so that I can protect my own children from the same fate .
I remember you well before you were a Senator . You won Survivor : Dagobah as the biggest schmoozer in the history of the galaxy , and then you leveraged your newfound fame into a plush position in the Galactic Senate by promising to represent “ Traditional Tatooine Values. ” But then you go to Coruscant and , like all the other politicos before you , you get caught up in the political fashions and the moral cesspool of the capital planet and you “ evolve ” in office . Surrounded by lobbyists from the Trade Federation , and now caught up in the Gang of 800 that hangs on every word from Senator Palpatine , you 've completely forgotten to represent the values and the beliefs of the people who put you in office .
You , sir , are the Jar-Jar Binks of the Senate : famous for being famous , you have become a galactic laughing stock . And now you introduce a lightsaber control act in order to add some trendy legislation to your resume . Never mind that your own children at their ultra-posh temple are defended by Jedi knights with light sabers 24/7 . Never mind that the Senators are accompanied by soldiers with blasters wherever they go . And never mind that ten times more citizens of this republic are killed every year in land speeder accidents than lightsaber and electrostaff fatalities combined . Lightsabsers are overwhelmingly employed by those who handle them professionally and responsibly .
Truth be told , ever since the Jedi Temple Massacre there 's been a rush from Coruscant lefties like yourself to take away as many lightsabers as you can get your hands on . But Anakin Skywalker was the exception , not the rule . So please , Senator Upufasa , or whoever manages their constituent correspondence services , please do me the kindness of reading my letter before you respond . The Force be with you ,
Mowat Farseer
*
Dear Mr Farseer of Moisture Farm 2.254.G7 in Sector 17 , Oto Quadrant , Tatooine ,
I am the assistant manager of constituent communication services for the office of the Most Esteemed Galactic Senator Horifa Upufasa . Your message was flagged for the use of a threatening tone and persistent references to weaponry . I regret to inform you that your allocated rations have been targeted for punitive reductions .
Please report the Tusken incursion to the local magistrate to pass on to the Prefectural Council at your earliest convenience . If only we had a better handle on the datastream from the outer systems , we could better deploy our resources to achieve the proper fear balance and prevent this sort of thing . But that requires you to do your duty to the Empire and be prompt in proper information sharing . While dealing with the various dangers of the fauna of the Jundland Wastes may not be high on the priority list of those of us on Coruscant , we assure you we do not mean to confiscate your lightsaber , but only to regulate it properly , track their use , and remove them from the hands of those who would do harm , even in a racist crime-ridden cesspool like Tatooine . Now that the Senator 's legislation was passed by the Galactic Senate , the only place where you can not bring your lightsaber at all would be Coruscant — if , God-forbid , a religious nutbag like yourself ever decided to come to an enlightened place like Coruscant .
In any case , tell us more about the Tusken Raiders . Big Data holds the key to a prosperous galaxy , I am sure you will agree .
Wei Tustiki
*
Dear Way-Too-Stinky and Senator Horrific PooPooFace ,
What 's this about an Empire ? ! I thought this was a Republic ! As Master Yoda once told me : Crazy as a Besalisk who 's drunk too much Wookie Wango , this life is . Listen , if the entire galaxy were filled with fuzzie little Ewoks , there would be no need for lightsabers . But every now and then you 've got ta be able to defend yourself from a Krayt Dragon or a Nabooan Tuskcat . Plus , lightsabers are like aphrodisiacs for the Amidalas of the world . And maybe this whole Empire thing never would have happened if everyone in the galaxy had owned a lightsaber .
Be honest . It 's not that you hate lightsabers . It 's that you hate the people who love lightsabers . But if some Nexu finds us in a dark alleyway some day , you 'll be glad , my friend , I brought my lightsaber with me . As long as we 're not on Coruscant , where , oh yeah , I 'm not allowed to come packing .
Mowat Farseer
*
To Moisture Farmer 2.254.G7 on Planet Tatooine ,
You 've caught me . I do hate you and you backwater Tatooine folk who cling to your sabers and your Force . All you talk about is how high your Midichlorian count is , how fast your pod-racer is , the Force be with you , the Force be with you , bla bla bla . When are you going to leave your foolish superstitions behind and embrace the rationalist vision of Emperor Palpatine ?
That old religion is the source of all conflicts in the galaxy . That 's why we , the technocratic central authority , have decided to build a single weapon to destroy you backwards people . We call it the Tolerance Star . Once it 's fully operational , the Empire plans to “ tolerate ” you and your light saber-wielding rebellion friends .
By the way , when the NLA ( National Lightsaber Association ) was headed up by a respectable and sensible figure like Master Yoda I could understand . But now its just sounds ridiculous and dangerous .
Tatooine will be “ tolerated ” thirty days hence . Enjoy the last month of your life before you 're reabsorbed back into the force or whatever the heck it is you believe .
Wei Tustiki
*
Note : This was completed with the help of some friends . Please do n't argue the fine points ; have a sense of humor .
Seems like new development projects are constantly cropping up in NuLu , though the biggest change is potentially still to come : $ 13 million worth of “ streetscaping , ” funded by the state of Kentucky and the Metropolitan Sewer District . ( Who knew the sewage department was so flush ? )
Last night , residents , business owners and other interested parties gathered in the Nucleus building on East Market to get a glimpse of development plans , presented by landscape architectural consultants Carman . The planned investment covers about 11 blocks , stretching from Brook Street to Baxter Avenue , and includes bike lanes , “ social hubs , ” crazy paving , less parking and trees . Lots of trees .
The presentation was led by the eponymous John Carman , with at least 60 people in attendance , including NuLu guru Gill Holland and Joe Ley , whose antique business has occupied the same spot on East Market for 38 years .
Carman has been working on the streetscape plans since last fall , although the project itself is about three years in the making . “ We have a lot of great ideas for this development , ” said Carman , “ enhancing the existing personality of the neighborhood… the idea is to create not just the coolest neighborhood in the city , but in the country . ”
So what are the plans ? Well , the main thrust of the development plan is to encourage a more pedestrian and bicycle-friendly environment . There are six key points :
• Wider sidewalks and new medians • Creation of a leisure bike path
• Development of distinctive sidewalk paving
•Creation of “ social hubs ”
• Environmental sustainability
• Activation of the alleys
Carman proposes that certain sections of East Market are reduced to three driving lanes from the current four ( one heading west , two heading east ) . The most significant visible change proposed is a result of the lane changes . The plan calls for two tree-filled medians , one at the 800 block of East Market and another opposite the Nucleus building on the 300 block .
According to Carman , wider sidewalks will ease traffic congestion , a somewhat counter-intuitive conclusion if traffic is reduced from four lanes to three . The point is that pedestrians will be able to cross the road faster , meaning less time spent at traffic signals waiting for people to cross .
As for trees , Carman and their team propose planting a large number along East Market , particularly in the run-up to the new overpass . Tree growth and wellbeing will be supported by pervious concrete sidewalks .
Activating the alleys ( the brilliantly , and uniquely named Billy Goat Strut to the south and Nanny Goat Strut to the north ) is another key part of the redevelopment . The plans include brick paving to highlight the location of the alleys plus suspended cable lighting , all of which should not affect the current daily use of the alleys . As of now there are no plans to try to attract residents , or goats , back into the alleys .
The “ social hubs ” are perhaps the most interesting part of the plans . Developed on the West Coast ( they do sound very “ Portlandia ” ) , they are essentially miniature parks , no larger than a couple of SUV 's parked back to back . Each will have its own unique arrangement of seating , walls , shade or art . If the sidewalks are widened to accommodate these social hubs , Carman 's team also expects some growth in European-style sidewalk café culture .
Meeting attendees expressed some concern about parking – the plans result in a net loss of 10-12 parking spaces . No matter how bike-friendly the end result is , NuLu needs parking to thrive . Carman said the hope the parking concerns will be addressed through some new parking at the 900 and 1000 blocks of East Market and an expansion of the lots at the East Market Marriott Hotel and at the Nucleus building .
There is still a lot of work to do before the plans come to fruition . Despite three years of work already in the bank , construction is not slated to begin until May 2015 , with an expected completion date of December 2016 . So even if the plans are accepted in their current form , residents , business owners and commuters still have 20 months of work to look forward to .
The presentation is available in full at www.carmansite.com/nulu , and comments and suggestions can be made through the website .
It may not be perfect , but Obamacare is helping millions of people every day . Here 's just one more indicator of that from the National Health Interview Survey :
In the first half of 2011 through the first half of 2014 , approximately one in five persons under age 65 was in a family that had problems paying medical bills in the past 12 months . The number of persons who were in families having problems paying medical bills decreased from 56.5 million in 2011 to 47.7 million in the first 6 months of 2014 .
That includes families with children ; 23.2 percent had problems paying bills in 2011 versus 18.1 percent in the first half of 2015 .
Now , 47.7 million people not being able to pay medical bills is way too high , and that includes the nearly 30 percent who were uninsured . There 's a partial solution to that—Medicaid expansion , which 16 states are still stubbornly refusing .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 27/9/2012 ( 2343 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
They may score a few points for originality -- but a Winnipeg man has lost their legal fight this week to be granted an unusual exemption from prosecution .
Police pulled over Phillip Dornn last year and ticketed them for three Highway Traffic Act offences , including driving without a licence , driving without insurance and failing to stop at a stop sign .
Rather than pay the fine , Dornn opted to fight the matter on the grounds they are not a `` person '' as defined by the act , and the Manitoba government , through its regulations , infringed on their rights by ticketing him .
`` He states that on the day in question , as a private individual engaged in private activity , that they were not subject to prosecution , '' reads a summary of the provincial court judge 's written reasons to reject their bid .
The Alberta tar sands industry — and the governments that depend on tar sands tax revenues — are facing an increasingly pressing problem : How to get the growing flow of oil sands bitumen to market . And with proposed pipelines to the south , east , and west facing stiff opposition , tar sands interests are now investigating another controversial option — heading north and shipping their product via the Arctic .
To the south , the proposed $ 10 billion Keystone XL pipeline , which would transport Alberta tar sands oil through the heartland of the U.S. to refineries on the Gulf of Mexico , faces the possibility of being killed by the Obama administration later this year . Two pipeline proposals that would ship processed bitumen from Alberta 's tar sands to Canada 's Pacific Coast have been stalled by aboriginal , municipal , and environmental interests , who fear spills in environmentally sensitive mountain and coastal environments . A third project — Trans Canada 's Energy East Pipeline proposal , which would send Alberta oil to Atlantic Canada — has encountered such strong resistance that the pipeline company last week announced a two-year delay in its plans .
Possible pipeline routes for shipping Alberta tar sands oil via the Arctic Ocean . CANATEC ASSOCIATES INTERNATIONAL
These setbacks have led to the revival of an old idea by oil interests and the governments of Alberta and the Northwest Territories : Sending Canadian oil north through a so-called “ Arctic Gateway. ” One possible pipeline route would run from Alberta , through Saskatchewan and Manitoba , to the port of Churchill along the west coast of Hudson Bay . From there the oil would travel by tanker through the increasingly ice-free Arctic Ocean to the Atlantic or Pacific oceans . Another possible route would follow the Mackenzie River Valley to the hamlet of Tuktoyaktuk on the Arctic Ocean and on to the Pacific .
“ Alberta can play a leading role in the opening of the Northwest Passage , ” says a 2013 report by Canatec Associates International that was commissioned by the Alberta provincial government and is now attracting renewed attention . “ This will be a revolution in global logistics , equal in impact to the opening of the Suez or Panama canals . ”
Far-fetched as these alternatives seem to be during this time of low oil prices , the Arctic Gateway concept has nevertheless been getting a surprising amount of government attention , if only because no one seems to be able to get a tar sands pipeline built elsewhere . A spokesperson for Alberta Energy Minister Frank Oberle said the province “ is actively pursuing the Arctic Gateway idea. ” Northwest Territories Premier Bob McLeod said recently that an Arctic-bound oil pipeline along the Mackenzie Valley would be vital to helping the territories tap into an estimated 10 billion barrels of oil and 92 trillion cubic feet of natural gas .
Alberta is counting on the steady growth of tar sands production to boost flagging oil tax revenues .
The search for new routes to send oil sands bitumen to market is critical for the Alberta tar sands oil industry , which is planning to triple production from 1.5 million barrels a day currently to 4.5 million barrels a day by 2030 . And the Alberta and Canadian governments also are counting on the steady growth of tar sands production to boost tax revenues .
The recent collapse in oil prices has left the Alberta government , in particular , facing severe budget shortfalls . A leading Canadian bank has estimated that Alberta could lose $ 7 billion in revenue in 2015 if oil sells at $ 70 a barrel — significantly higher than current prices . In March , Alberta did the unthinkable by raising income taxes and user and license fees across the board , as well as making spending cuts to almost every government service . Even with that , the province faces a staggering $ 5 billion budgetary shortfall for the coming year .
Meanwhile , the Canadian government , which could lose $ 5 billion or more in oil revenue in 2015 , has taken the unusual step of delaying its annual budget plan until the fallout from oil 's collapse can be better assessed .
“ If the Arctic Gateway proposal succeeds , it would be reasonable to assume that oil sands production would expand significantly from current levels , ” said Victoria Herrmann , a Gates Cambridge Scholar who is associated with the Center for Circumpolar Security Studies at the Washington D.C-based Arctic Institute . “ Currently , the pipeline capacity to transport the level of crude oil Alberta wants to produce to refineries is non-existent . If Canada wants to fulfill its planned expansion [ of the tar sands ] it will need the infrastructure to transport the petroleum to the global energy market . Without some means of getting the bitumen out of Alberta , oil sands production stands to face a serious decline . ”
Many energy experts are skeptical that any version of an Arctic Gateway route for oil export will see the light of day . They say that the Arctic pipeline proposals reflect rising worries in the tar sands industry about getting its bitumen to market .
“ I ca n't imagine there 's enough value in a barrel of bitumen to make any of this worth doing , ” says Andrew Leach , a University of Alberta energy expert . “ If you think about bitumen being worth about $ 50 per barrel at today 's prices , to dilute it and ship it through that kind of infrastructure to get it to market is unlikely to make producing it worthwhile . I ca n't see it as economically feasible . ”
Many energy experts are skeptical that an Arctic Gateway route for oil will see the light of day .
Doug Matthews , the former director of oil and gas in the Northwest Territories , agrees . They are especially skeptical of a proposal to initially ship the bitumen down the Mackenzie Valley by rail , then by barge to the Arctic coast before it is loaded offshore onto tankers . ( If Arctic shipping proved feasible , the railways cars and barges would eventually be replaced by a pipeline . )
“ The bitumen would have to be handled three times , and then a way would have to be found to store it for several months during the winter season , ” they said .
Government and industry , however , may see no other alternatives if Keystone XL and the major Canadian pipeline proposals fail to get back on track .
A little less than a year ago , most experts were confident that a way would eventually be found to get Alberta 's bitumen to market , in spite of the fierce opposition to Keystone XL and other pipelines . Far too much was at stake , they reasoned , to allow one or more of the pipelines to fail .
The lack of access to pipeline capacity has already persuaded energy companies such as Statoil to back off on multi-billion dollar investments in the tar sands . “ Costs for labor and materials have continued to rise in recent years and are working against the economics of new projects , ” said Statoil Canada 's StÃ¥le Tungesvik , explaining why the company in November delayed for three years its Corner project in Alberta , projected to produce 40,000 barrels of oil a day . “ Market access issues also play a role — including limited pipeline access , which weighs on prices for Alberta oil . ”
Lack of access to pipeline capacity has persuaded energy companies to back off major investments .
Statoil 's announcement came just months after Total and Suncor Energy Inc. indefinitely put on hold their $ 11 billion Joslyn North oil sands project , which would have produced 160,000 barrels a day by 2020 .
Lack of pipeline capacity is one reason why Alberta has invested in two studies that consider the feasibility of an Arctic Gateway route for tar sands oil . According to the 2013 report done by Canatec Associates , climate change is quickly melting the sea ice that had previously made shipping oil through the Arctic impossible . The authors of the report also note that “ an aggressive push from the Canadian government to reduce environmental oversight ” in the Arctic makes the proposal much more viable .
The report 's authors outline several scenarios in which Alberta 's bitumen might move north along pipelines to the west coast of Hudson Bay , or via the Mackenzie Valley to the coastal town of Tuktoyaktuk by pipeline or train , barge , and tanker . The appeal of the Tuktoyaktuk project is that Canada 's National Energy Board has already approved that route for a different pipeline project , which is in limbo . All but one of the aboriginal groups in the Mackenzie Valley supported the earlier project , which would have given them a one-third stake in the venture .
ALSO FROM YALE e360Shipping Crude Oil by Rail : New Front in Tar Sands Wars As debate over the Keystone XL and other pipeline projects continues , crude oil from the Alberta tar sands and western U.S. oil fields is increasingly being hauled by railroad . Critics warn that this development poses a threat not only to the environment but to public safety . READ MORE
Another report , commissioned by the Alberta government and scheduled for release this spring , will evaluate the feasibility of a plan to build a railroad from northern Alberta through British Columbia and the Yukon to Valdez , Alaska , where bitumen would be shipped to overseas markets .
The proposed 2,400-kilometer railroad was once the dream of former Alaska Senator Frank Murkowski , who was behind the “ Rail to Resources ” legislation passed by the U.S. Congress in 2000 . This latest idea is the brainchild of a Vancouver-based business consortium that calls itself Generating for Seven Generations .
These various proposals represent an important shift in attitude among energy interests and government officials in Canada . Once unthinkable , a
steep decline for the tar sands industry is no longer a totally outlandish idea , even to boosters such as Terence Corcoran , editor of Canada 's Financial Post section of the Toronto-based National Post newspaper . In a recent column they predicted that the failure to get a pipeline built from Alberta 's tar sands might result in “ the end to Canada 's oil superpower pipe dreams . ”
Greenpeace recently released some “ found footage ” of Santa that shows a man on the edge , a shadow of their former jolly self , all thanks to the destruction of their home in the North Pole . As the lifeblood of the Earth continues to be sucked dry by oil companies , and their base of operations atop the frozen oceans slowly sinks , it 's clear that we 've reached the point of no return .
Before you read any further , watch the video – you wo n't regret it :
Hopefully the video had an impact , in which case you should head over to Save Santa 's Home and sign up to join Vivienne Westwood , Jude Law , Paul McCartney and Madonna in helping create a sanctuary around the North Pole . This would leave Santa in peace to spread joy around the world on Christmas Day .
Let 's Go Camping
Milwaukee , WI—Led by fourth-year head coach Dean Evason , the Admirals will open their 2015 Training Camp in Milwaukee with a 10:30 am practice at the Milwaukee School of Engineering on Tuesday , September 29th .
During the team 's camp , which leads up to the regular season opener on Saturday , October 10th , practices are scheduled to take place at the Kern Center and the BMO Harris Bradley Center . Practices that take place at the Kern Center are open to the public , while practices at the BMO Harris Bradley Center are not .
An updated training camp roster will be released when camp commences .
The Admirals will play two pre-season games , beginning Friday , October 2 against the Rockford IceHogs at 7:00 pm at the Kern Center . Tickets are $ 10 and fans can order advance them in person at the Admirals office at 510 W. Kilbourn Ave or via phone at ( 414 ) 227-0550 . Tickets will also be available for purchase at the Kern Center the night of the game .
Milwaukee will conclude their pre-season schedule the following night , Saturday , October 3rd when they take on the Chicago Wolves in Chicago . Ticket information for that game can be found at www.chicagowolves.com .
Tuesday , September 29th
10:30 AM to 12:00 PM @ the Kern Center
Wednesday , September 30th
10:30 AM to 12:00 PM @ the Kern Center
Thursday , October 1st
10:30 AM to 12:00 PM @ the Kern Center
Friday , October 2nd
10:00 AM – 11:00 AM Pre Game Skate @ Kern Center
7:00 PM Exhibition Game vs. Rockford
Saturday , October 3rd
10:30 AM – 11:30 AM Pre Game Skate @ Kern Center
7:00 PM Exhibition Game at Chicago
Monday , October 5th
OFF
Tuesday , October 6th
10:30 AM to 12:00 PM @ the Kern Center
Wednesday , October 7th
OFF
Thursday , October 8th
10:30 AM to 12:00 PM @ the BMO Harris Bradley Center
Friday , October 9th
10:00 AM to 12:00 PM @ the BMO Harris Bradley Center
Saturday , October 10th
10:00 AM to 11:00 AM @ the Kern Center
7:00 PM Game at Chicago
Issue 76
October 12 2017
Welcome to another issue of Haskell Weekly ! Haskell is a safe , purely functional programming language with a fast , concurrent runtime . This is a weekly summary of what 's going on in its community .
Want to see something featured in Haskell Weekly ? We love contributions ! Tweet us at @ HaskellWeekly or open a pull request .
Featured
Jobs
Haskell Full Stack Developer ( ad ) We need someone with a strong Haskell background to help maintain and develop new features across our PostgreSQL-Haskell-React stack . We have a stable backend written in Haskell , that interfaces with PostgreSQL using hpqtypes , with a dash of Java for manipulating PDFs . Scrive is the Nordic market-leading provider of electronic signatures .
In brief
Package of the week
This week 's package of the week is hasql , an efficient PostgreSQL driver and a flexible mapping API .
Call for participation
Events
Even though there is nothing inherently funny or joyful about cancer , Jenny Saldaña has made it their personal mission to find the bliss in life despite the challenge of such an illness . Jenny is passionate about using their experience as a catalyst of inspiration to encourage women just like them who are faced with this terrifying disease . Them journey has made them an influential national speaker and become the inspiration for a successful play called PINK : The Chronicles of BC Jenny . She 's also created a hilarious video about the awkwardness of dealing with someone who has breast cancer in Sh * T Girls Say to Girls with Breast Cancer . Them the latest effort is a comedic web series titled Happy Cancer Chick , which premieres in March and tries to answer the question : “ Is it possible to live a happy , normal life after cancer ? ” Happy Cancer Chick is the original brainchild of producer Linda Nieves-Powell , who has a background in theatre and fiction writing . “ I love what folks have created on the web using a simple Canon DSLR , a skeleton crew , and some serious ingenuity and I wanted to put my skills to the test , ” Linda explains . “ Although I had some ideas brewing , Happy Cancer Chick seemed to fit every item on my checklist of what makes a great web series . ”
Read Related : Breast Cancer Awareness Month , My First as a Patient
Seguir Leyendo :
As Jenny explains , “ My sistah from another mistah [ Nieves-Powell ] came up with the idea after they read a blog post of mine where I was ranting about not getting a commercial gig that called for real cancer survivors . I felt that I did n't get the part because I was too happy , peppy and did n't look ‘ cancer-y ' enough . ”
Christina Applegate 's Boyfriend Lee Grivas Found Dead
Actress 's on-again off-again boyfriendwas found dead in their Hollywood apartment on July 1st . A neighbor discovered the body of the 26-year-old in their living room .
Applegate , 36 , met Grivas , an Alaskan fisherman , skateboarder and aspiring photographer while in the middle of a divorce from actor Jonathan Schaech . The two have dated off and on since then , reconciling the last time in April . Grivas battled drug and alcohol problems and left Christina in a last ditch effort to get clean . The two were not dating at the time of their death .
`` I am profoundly saddened . '' `` Lee was an incredible human being who was an extremely important and beautiful part of my life . `` He is missed beyond words , '' they added . `` He touched so many and I feel much sadness for their mother , father , brother , and all of their family and friends . ''
There were no visible signs of trauma and the death was reported as a possible accident or suicide . A heroin overdose is suspected , however , no cause of death has been issued pending toxicology tests.In a statement to Usmagazine.com , Christina said : Our thoughts and prayers go out to family and friends .
how to repair a shattered eyeshadow
Do you ever break your eyeshadow ? Like , drop it on the ground and shatter it ? It 's heartbreaking , especially when you 've forked over serious cash for the good stuff . Well you are in luck , that money is about to come back into your pocket .
Here is how to repair it .
Here 's what you need :
shattered eyeshadow
coin
rubbing alcohol
tissue
butter knife
medicine squirter
plastic bag or plastic wrap
Step 1 :
Place the shattered makeup carefully into the plastic bag holding the plastic carefully over the top .
Step 2 :
Hold the plastic tightly across the top of the eyeshadow and with the back of the butter knife smash all the remaining bits of eyeshadow into a fine powder .
Step 3 :
When the eyeshadow looks like this , you 're ready to go . Pull the eyeshadow out of the plastic bag , we 're on to step 4 !
Step 4 :
Using the medicine squirter put a couple squirts of rubbing alcohol into the broken eyeshadow . Make sure the eyeshadow is completely saturated with the rubbing alcohol .
Step 5 :
Now put the tissue on top of the eyeshadow and put the coin on top of that . Press down with all the force in the world . You 're re-compacting the eyeshadow , so do n't be shy .
Step 6 :
Enjoy your new eyeshadow !
Image caption A photo taken from a nearby vessel shows the Coast Guard helicopter as it rescued Harris
A teenage Alaska fisherman cast adrift when a wave sank their boat floated for 26 hours in a plastic fish bin before their rescue by the US Coast Guard .
Ryan Harris , 19 , spent Friday night in a 4ft ( 1.2m ) by 4ft container before they were spotted .
Their shipmate was able to don a survival suit after their 28-ft boat overturned off the coast of Sitka , Alaska , and drifted safely to shore .
Mr Harris told news media they sang songs to keep their spirits up .
The Kaitlin Rai overturned on Friday afternoon , tossing Mr Harris and crew mate Stonie `` Mac '' Huffman into the water .
Mr Harris took refuge in a bin used to store fish , and the two men were soon separated by the waves .
Mr Harris said they repeated to themselves for hours the mantra , `` I 'm Ryan Hunter Harris and I 'm not going to die here '' , and sang Rudolf , the Red-Nosed Reindeer and Row , Row , Row Your Boat , they told the Daily Sitka Sentinel .
`` I never thought I was going to die , but I was worried about Mac , '' Mr Harris told the newspaper .
Gran Turismo Sport is the UK 's number one game , with almost three times as many physical launch week sales as racing game rival Forza 7 managed .
Data from Chart-Track reveals Gran Turismo Sport , the first in Sony 's long-running racing sim series to launch on PlayStation 4 , had better week one unit sales than both the original Gran Turismo , which launched on PS1 back in 1998 , and the last version , Gran Turismo 6 , which launched on PS3 back in 2013 .
But Gran Turismo Sport 's sales success is dwarfed by the series high - 2010 's Gran Turismo 5 had week one sales over three times higher .
Still , it looks like Sony will celebrate the launch of Gran Turismo Sport , which our resident petrol-head Martin Robinson recommended in their review .
Meanwhile , Ubisoft 's South Park : The Fractured but Whole matched the week one sales units of predecessor South Park : The Stick of Truth , which launched back in 2014 . 2K 's WWE 2K18 launched with sales down on WWE 2K17 , but revenue was higher because of the success of the £79.99 Deluxe and £129.99 Collector 's Editions .
Elsewhere , Nintendo 's Fire Emblem Warriors came in at 16th , THQ Nordic 's Elex debuted at 25 and Rebellion 's Rogue Trooper Redux charted at 37 .
Here 's this week 's top 10 :
Under fire for comments , Trump weighs in on California shooting
By Ellen Wulfhorst
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A random fatal shooting in San Francisco , allegedly by an immigrant , proves the United States must tighten its borders , according to a statement on Friday by U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump , who is facing heavy criticism for their comments about Mexicans .
Kathryn Steinle , 32 , was fatally shot as they walked with their father along the popular Embarcadero pier on Wednesday in what San Francisco police described as an apparent random attack .
Francisco Sanchez , 45 , was quickly arrested nearby . They are on probation from Texas , police said .
They have a long criminal history and has been deported to Mexico five times , according to local media reports .
`` This senseless and totally preventable act of violence committed by an illegal immigrant is yet another example of why we must secure our border immediately , '' Trump said in a statement .
`` This is an absolutely disgraceful situation and I am the only one that can fix it . Nobody else has the guts to even talk about it , '' the billionaire developer and television personality said .
When announcing their plans on June 16 to seek the Republican nomination for president , Trump described immigrants from Mexico to the United States as drug-runners and rapists .
Their comments prompted a widespread outpouring of criticism .
Comcast Corp 's NBC network cut ties with Trump and the `` Miss USA '' and `` Miss Universe '' pageants , and Spanish-language network Univision pulled the July 12 `` Miss USA '' pageant .
Department store chain Macy 's Inc said it would phase out Trump 's menswear collection and New York City said it was reviewing its contracts with the developer .
`` Macy 's is a company that stands for diversity and inclusion . We have no tolerance for discrimination in any form , '' Macy 's said .
Trump fired back , saying it was their decision to end ties with Macy 's . They also filed a $ 500 million lawsuit against Univision for dropping the event .
( Editing by Eric Walsh )
No financial trouble
`` The Landmark guys are n't appointed by the project as our agent , '' Barwon partner Peter Conners told The Australian Financial Review on Wednesday . `` They 're going off on their own little adventure there . What they 've said is pretty damaging stuff . ''
Mr Conners also said the $ 96 million project was in no financial trouble .
`` The senior debt 's been paid off , '' they said . `` The project is complete . We 're in the process of selling off the remaining stock . ''
Mr Conners said their consortium had previously talked to Landmark about the project but had not given it a mandate or agency agreement for outstanding stock in the 164-apartment project near Albion Train Station , which was completed in December .
The Hudson on Albion Mill : A marketer is offering 'the remaining 50 or so ' apartments in the 164-unit Brisbane development at advertised discounts of up to 39 per cent . Supplied
`` I 've heard of agents being idiotic , '' they said . `` They do idiotic things all the time . But not in this particular fashion . ''
They said they were considering taking legal action against the company .
Advertisement
Mr Carter hung up when contacted by the Financial Review on Wednesday .
Conflicting messages also apply in the wider apartment market . The Reserve Bank of Australia and other forecasters have long sounded warnings about an oversupply of apartments in the Queensland capital . Greater Brisbane this year faces an oversupply of 8000 new dwellings this year as scheduled completions outstrip population-driven growth in demand , research group SQM said earlier this month .
A copy of the flier advertising apartments in The Hudson development in Brisbane 's Albion .
However , figures from planning consultancy Urbis on Wednesday showed that the number of units under construction in Brisbane was dropping sharply , suggesting the market was self-correcting and was unlikely to suffer any great supply-demand imbalance .
The Urbis report shows that only 1812 units are under construction in the CBD across four projects . In 2017 , only 666 units will complete , with 810 units completing in 2018 , and 336 in 2019 . A drop-off in settlements next calendar year would also improve the balance , it said .
`` The market will be crying out for new product in 2019 . We certainly do n't see any oversupply issues in the CBD , '' developer Consolidated Properties executive chairperson Don O'Rorke said .
Twin Ocean director Tim Jones , said the consortium was planning to discount the remaining Hudson apartments in a campaign next week .
`` We 've got between 40 to 45 units to sell , '' they said . `` We want to start specific campaigns over various stock to price point it to make sure we get sales . ''
Since 1967 fans have loved The City on the Edge of Forever yet from the beginning there was controversy with writer Harlan Ellison over rewrites and was not resolved till 2009 when Ellison 's lawsuit was finalized to their satisfaction .
In this episode of Literary Treks Matthew Rushing and Dan Gunther are joined by TOS expert Drew Stewart from Trek.fm 's Standard Orbit . We discuss all five issues , diving into what we like and what we do n't with this version of the story , then wrap up by evaluating the ending of the comic , it 's impact as well as the artwork .
In the new segment we walk through StarTrek.com 's list of 2015 novels and nonfiction books , do some book cover judging and remind everyone that the Star Trek/Planet of the Apes crossover is out .
News
StarTrek.com 's 2015 Book Schedule ( 00:01:57 )
Judging Book Covers ( 00:12:37 )
One Last Thing ( 00:18:13 )
Feature : Harlan Ellison 's City on the Edge of Forever
Ellison 's Version ( 00:19:29 )
Something Kinda Newish ( 00:21:04 )
Issue 1 ( 00:21:40 )
An Actual City ( 00:33:44 )
Issue 2 ( 00:35:40 )
Issue 3 ( 00:48:06 )
Issue 4 ( 01:06:02 )
Issue 5 ( 01:12:09 )
Wrapping Up ( 01:17:56 )
The Differences ( 01:21:42 )
Artwork ( 01:24:21 )
Our Ratings ( 01:24:21 )
Closing ( 01:31:51 )
Connie Marrero , the Cuban right-hander who pitched for the Senators in the 1950s and was the oldest living Major Leaguer , died this week just two days shy of their 103rd birthday , the Associated Press reported . The AP said the death was confirmed by Marrero 's grandson . Only Red Hoff , who died at 107 , played in an MLB game and lived longer than Marrero .
Our Rick Maese wrote a lengthy profile of Marrero earlier this year , filled with memories of the pitcher 's time in Washington :
They called Marrero “ the Cuban cutie , ” a “ muscle-bound little gnome , ” “ the ageless Cuban , ” “ a real pixie , ” and Chico — coined “ by sportswriters who had trouble spelling Corrado [ sic ] , ” according to one newspaper account . They often quoted them phonetically in an exaggerated cartoon-like dialect ( “ Me peetch gude ” ) and seemed infatuated with the big cigar , thick accent and unusual physique . Shirley Povich , the Washington Post columnist , compared them with a fire hydrant — “ as easy to step over as step around. ” “ He was a chubby guy , not very tall , ” Bob Wolff , the Senators ' broadcaster from 1947 to 1960 , recalled recently . “ He looked like anything but a pitcher . But they sure threw like a pitcher . ”
Adam Kilgore talked to Livan Hernandez for the story ; “ In Cuba , everybody knows this guy , ” Hernandez said . “ He 's like the god of pitching . ”
But there was more from Livo .
“ He taught me how to throw my curveball , ” Hernandez told Kilgore . “ He saw me throw one time in Cuba . They asked me how I throw the curveball . They showed me how to throw a different curveball . I started throwing it . That was the curveball I throw . ”
And what made the Marrero curve so effective ?
“ It had more movement on the ball , ” Hernandez explained . “ He got a different grip . I started throwing it , and I liked it . I throw all my career that way . That day , they told me that before the game . I used it in the game , and I throw a no-hitter . That was a good one . You can hold the ball better . ”
And , as indicated in the story , Hernandez was deferential to Marrero 's role in Cuba .
“ Everybody knows them if they pitch in the big leagues , ” they said . “ He 's really , really good . Everybody listens to what the guy says . On that day before the game , for a half hour , I listened to what they say . I started doing it , and I throw a no-hitter that day….It 's good we have people like that in Cuba , that play professional baseball and make a lot of history . We do n't have too many people like that in Cuba . ”
Will Los Angeles finally admit it 's a metropolis ? And if so , what kind of metropolis does it want to be ?
That may seem a strange question , given the size of the L.A. region . But Los Angeles is of at least two minds . Yes , we 're home to world class universities , two pro football teams , the nation 's largest port complex by volume , the third-busiest airport in the U.S. , more manufacturing than any other American city , and we 're bidding to host the Olympic Games for the third time . But many people in L.A. also expect the city to be as open and livable as any suburb .
How we Angelenos see our city , and what we want for its future , is coming to a head not in a pitched street battle out of West Side Story , but at the ballot box . On March 7 , Los Angeles voters will consider Measure S , an anti-development ballot measure that proposes to put a moratorium on certain types of building projects for two years .
Many of the measure 's details address rather arcane urban planning codes that are admittedly outdated . But the campaign for Measure S has secured a base of support by tapping into a sentiment closely held by older residents , suburban dwellers within in the city limits , and NIMBY ( “ Not In My Backyard ” ) constituencies that Los Angeles is changing too rapidly into a dense , mega-city .
As Los Angeles residents experience record-high rental rates and property values , developers are constructing larger infill projects , building multi-story apartment complexes akin to more traditional urban forms . The way Measure S supporters see it , these denser developments create more traffic , change the character of neighborhoods , and create more luxury housing at the expense of more affordable housing in older , smaller complexes . In short , L.A. is becoming too much of a metropolis .
But the coalition opposing Measure S—developers , businesses , affordable housing advocates , urban living enthusiasts , and most of the political establishment—have a fundamental disagreement with the basis for Measure S. These opponents say L.A. must preserve any and all avenues for construction of schools , hospitals—and especially scarce housing . Cutting off the supply of housing with overly restrictive regulations in the midst of a well-documented housing shortage is a prescription for land use malpractice . Without needed supply , rents and property values increase to match housing demand . It 's a simple argument , which also happens to make tremendous sense .
Maybe the answer is even simpler than we wish to acknowledge : We 're not just metropolitan ; we 're a metropolis . We just need to be a better one .
Reality , if not perception , is with the opponents . Angelenos do n't realize it , but L.A. is already the densest urbanized area in the nation , with some 7,000 people per square mile . ( New York is in third place , at a mere 5,319 people per square mile . ) But the enormous growth of the suburbs in post-WWII Los Angeles gave Southern California an ethos that 's been hard to shake , even in the 21st century : The relic of a notion that we 're entitled to two cars in every driveway and a Weber grill on every backyard patio .
Los Angeles is of at least two minds . Yes , we 're home to world class universities , two pro football teams , the nation 's largest port complex by volume , the third-busiest airport in the U.S. … But many people in L.A. also expect the city to be as open and livable as any suburb .
Of course , L.A. has evolved into a metropolis as it has grown in population , driven by domestic migration , immigration from Asia and the Americas , and the simple math of the birthrate for Angelenos already here . But it can be hard to understand that because , as Reyner Banham wrote in their 44-year-old book , Los Angeles : The Architecture of Four Ecologies , the city is so multifaceted . Banham saw their four ecologies—the hills , the flatlands of the coastal plain , the beaches , and the freeways—as being so disparate that there was no shared narrative about the place .
“ Los Angeles does not get the attention it deserves , ” Banham wrote . “ It gets attention , but it 's like the attention that Sodom and Gomorrah have received , primarily a reflection of other people 's bad consciences. ” Could it be we have finally matured as a city so that we are no longer seeing reflections , but a new urban reality ?
Today , it can feel as if different generations are living in very different L.A.s . While older residents cling to suburban neighborhoods , young people are living more urbanized lives , with Lyft and Uber and Metro trains coexisting with fusion restaurants and food trucks . Downtown Los Angeles loft-dwellers—a species that would have been unthinkable 20 years ago—walk their dogs , zip around via our expanding transit system , and enjoy a thriving culinary scene that 's nationally—and internationally—recognized as one of the most vibrant anywhere .
I 'm not young anymore , but I appreciate how this newer metropolis allows me to live in Valley Village , an increasingly urban environment near Studio City and North Hollywood that is less dependent on the automobile , and that has more to offer as a result .
From my San Fernando Valley neighborhood , I take the Metro Red Line to my office in downtown Los Angeles ' Historic Core , getting to work faster than I did driving surface streets from where I previously lived in the Miracle Mile . I walk to my local grocery store , the dry cleaners , and my daughter 's elementary school .
I 'm also within walking distance of the Los Angeles River Recreation Path , and I 'm about a six-minute drive from hiking trails maintained by the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy . Another two minutes in the car ( yes , I own and use a car ) and I can take Parker , our family 's terrier mix , to one of the city 's largest dog parks . And I 'm comfortably within the delivery radius of a brand-new restaurant that 's easily the best Thai food I 've ever had . ( Measure S would have been smart to exclude ethnic restaurants from its building moratorium , do n't you think ? )
To be sure , my neighborhood has all the plagues that Measure S supporters worry about : traffic , police and ambulance sirens , and , yes , noise from construction sites building much-needed housing . But on the whole , I feel fortunate to live in a place where I 'm not stuck in the backyard . I feel connected to the city , literally and figuratively .
For me , that 's progress . And the moment we realize that we are a metropolis , restrictions like those proposed by Measure S will be seen as a relic , too .
What kind of person do you have to be to get taken in and abused by a religious cult ?
According to a piece in The Jerusalem Post that cites Britain 's Cult Information Center ,
[ P ] eople in cults tend to be “ intelligent , idealistic , well-educated , economically advantaged , intellectually or spiritually curious , and any age . ”
Then again ( in a bit of a contradiction ) ,
Cult recruitment techniques work equally effectively on PhD holders or high-school drop-outs .
The paper also notes that
The Haredi world , with its emphasis on belief in a charismatic leader , complete obedience and discipline , leaves many of those searching for a deeper religious experience particularly susceptible .
As an example , there 's the incredible case of Goel Ratzon , a serial sex abuser who recently got their comeuppance .
This self-styled healer based in Tel Aviv advertised their services as a mediator and psychologist for troubled couples and young women . Slowly the men left , but the women stayed . Ratzon offered them marriage and life in a commune . Eventually , they amassed 30 “ wives ” and over 60 biological children , many of whom they physically and sexually abused , including committing incest with two of their daughters and fathering six of their own grandchildren .
… [ sported ] large tattoos bearing Ratzon 's face and name on their arms and neck . All of the children conceived by the women and Ratzon are named after him , like Tehilat Ratzon ( Ratzon 's Glory ) , one of their daughters .
Many of the women in Ratzon 's sect
All the while , in addition to the income provided by their de facto slaves ,
Ratzon also received large state funds in the form of child benefit payouts .
Here ‘ s the path of another victim , a young girl who had the misfortune of being lured to a religious lecture . When they finally meet the Dear Leader in person ,
They are thrilled , overwhelmed by the honor . As they show them more and more attention , they are flattered , feeling special . After all , so many admire this man , they are so holy , so learned , and they have singled them out . More months go by . And when the leader feels they are ready , they explain to them that their special kapara ( atonement ) and task in life is to bring the fallen sparks of holiness back to the world by sleeping with anyone they tell them to . They roam the streets , picking up men and sending them to sleep with them while they watch , pocketing the fee . They collect money for him , cooks for them and cleans for him .
Earlier this month , an Israeli court convicted Ratzon for multiple rapes , but acquitted them of enslavement charges . A sentencing date has not yet been set .
They probably should n't expect the court 's leniency , considering that he 's without remorse : according to the Times of Israel , they claim they have done nothing wrong , opining after their arrest that “ petting young girls was n't raped . ”
The open Beta for Destiny starts ... now . You 're probably reading this on your fancy second-screen device , while you wait for the game itself to finish downloading on PS4 . I was lucky enough to play the Beta for five hours yesterday , and what strikes me most about Destiny is how much like Halo it feels . That 's not to say it lacks merit as an original game , or that the Halo-feel is a detriment , but that Destiny feels comfortingly familiar while exposing players to some wonderfully ambitious ideas that Bungie has clearly been brewing for some years .
After all : why should Bungie simply throw away all the lessons it learned while making a series that not only became the flagship title for Xbox , but also defined an entire generation of shooters ? Its like saying : “ Hey , Polyphony -- good work with the Gran Turismo series , but now we 'd like you to make a strategy game about pixies and warlocks ” . Madness . I imagine many will beat Destiny with the metaphorical stick for 'being too much like Halo ' , but for me that 's no bad thing .
The tutorial itself is a cheeky nod from the developers , as you 're greeted right at the start by Ghost -- a floating robot that would win first-prize in a Guilty Spark Look-a-Like competition . Voiced by Peter 'Tyrion Lannister ' Dinklage , Ghost takes you through the basics like running in a straight line , and shooting bad-guys . Although Destiny features a more traditional Left Trigger = ironsights style of shooting , weapon feel and feedback is very , very Halo . There 's a pleasingly relentless pace to each combat scenario , and enemies have those trademark Bungie smarts , where they 'll dodge behind cover and coordinate attacks organically . And yes , getting in close for a melee attack is just as satisfying as a Mk2 Pistol to the face .
If I was being pedantic ( and I totally am ) , I 'd even say certain enemy types and vehicles are ripped straight out of Combat Evolved . The Stealth Vandals , for example , are semi-cloaked enemies with swords attached to their arms ; hugely similar to Halo 's Elites . The Sparrow hover bike , which you can spawn at any time , is essentially a posh version of the Ghost . However , while handling is similar the Sparrow feels lighter , nippier , and less clumsy to rotate . There were several beautiful moments during my play time when my whole fireteam forgot about the mission objective , and simply spawned Sparrows to race around the playing area for larks .
It 's the playing areas and non-combat hubs where Destiny feels more like an evolution of Halo , rather than a direct relation . While combat maps are still wide-open spaces , there 's much more to see and do in Destiny ; a greater sense of conflict . Although I did n't see it myself , there are public areas in each map where fireteams ( usually three players in a party ) will meet each other and attempt to tackle massive , or swarms of , enemies . There 's always something to randomly murder but , if you want to just crack on with the mission , that 's easy enough to do . Halo feels very directed , very linear . Destiny is a true open-world multiplayer game that simply uses Bungie 's broad sci-fi environments to give players more freedom . Plus , it 's massive in a way that Halo only manages via clever art direction and visual smoke and mirrors .
And then there 's customisation . While Halo pioneered multiplayer customisation , Destiny really takes things to a new level . Before you even start , you 're greeted with a wealth of character creation tools . I choose to play as an Exo , Hunter Class , with robotic spiked-hair and a striking , green face-mask , although there are three species and a huge variety of cosmetic-choices to wade through . Thankfully , you do n't need to spend hours fiddling with your character 's face to prevent them looking like they 've gone seven rounds with Mike Tyson .
Although the action in Destiny takes place in first-person , there are third-person areas and options . If -- like me -- you choose to break into a funky dance half-way through an intense fire-fight , much to the annoyance of your teammates , the camera switches to third-person . You can then view your custom character strutting his/her stuff while your buddies die . There are four 'emotes ' mapped to the d-pad , and when you 're in the hub area prepping for missions and chatting to other players , it can often feel like a ComicCon version of PlayStation Home , as players wave , dance , and flock around female avatars just in case they 're real women . Which they rarely are . Sorry .
The main hub city itself is classic MMO territory , so nothing like any existing Halo games . Fair enough . It 's actually one of the more underwhelming aspects of the Beta , as there is n't a whole lot to do beyond socialising and buying gear , but it may become more of a bustling metropolis in the final game . What I do like is the way it lets you 'decode ' weapons that you pick up during combat missions . Enemies will sometimes drop glowing orbs that represent firearms , but until you bring them back to the city and have them decoded , you do n't know what stats and effects they 'll have . Weapons are varied , but Bungie seems to have kept them well-balanced too . We 're not talking Borderlands-levels of guns here , but a decent mixture that allows you ( and your team ) to adapt according to every scenario . My favourite weapon , so far , is a short-range rifle that charges like a Spartan Laser before unleashing a shot that burns enemies to cinders .
While many of the things in this Beta are brilliant fun , there are problems . Some of the environments will start to feel very samey when you 've done the 10th mission in the same part of the world , and boss fights are ... inconsistent . While the 'over-powered regular enemy ' versions are a great challenge , the 'massive hulking ' bosses ( like one Fallen Walker I encounter ) are pure grind . It takes my fireteam 20 minutes to kill the Fallen Walker , despite the fact that it never really threatens to kill us outright . It 's just a matter of finding ammo , and peppering the hulking menace until its health-bar is depleted . If a teammate goes down , revives are quick , and you respawn after 30 seconds anyway . These boss fights have none of the smart pacing or spectacle of the Scarab fights in Halo 2 and 3 . Shame , because other foes level naturally , creating a very balanced difficulty to the whole game .
Again , though , there 's time to fix problems ahead of September 's release . And is n't balancing exactly what Betas are for ? The secret to staying successful in games is n't through constant reinvention , it 's through learning from your past , and being ambitious with your future . That 's exactly what Bungie is doing with Destiny . The Chief may have moved house , but this is still the home of aspiring sci-fi gaming . Do n't believe me ? Surely the Beta has downloaded on your console by now ... better start playing .
The Human Rights Comission report , to be launched today , was based on public consultations held this year into how individuals and communities experienced racial discrimination .
It noted that many Muslim Australians reported a rise in anti-Muslim sentiments .
`` Much of this is linked to the issue of terrorism and national security , '' the report said . `` According to various participants , the raising of the official terror alert in August 2014 has made many Australian Muslims feel a sense of 'us versus them ' . ''
`` Various participants confirmed that Muslim women , particularly those who wear visibly identifiable religious garb such as a hijab , felt fearful of being abused on public transport . ''
The report was not isolated to one community , stating that `` such concerns were not confined to any single ethnic or cultural group '' .
`` One participant of African background in Hobart , for example , spoke about how another person of the same background warned them that they should always sit in the front of the bus just behind the driver where possible , because it was the place in the bus where one would be least likely to be harassed . ''
`` According to various participants , the raising of the official terror alert in August 2014 has made many Australian Muslims feel a sense of 'us versus them ' . ''
Respondents reported experiencing discrimination in employment settings , and said not having an Anglo-Saxon name often came at a disadvantage .
`` I can tell you , I mean this actually happened with my daughter . My daughter 's name is … a very classical Indian name . When they applied under that name , when they were a university student , [ the employer ] did n't want to call them for an interview . What they did , they took their mother 's name who is Australian , they put Alison , and within three hours they were called for an interview , for the same identical job , '' one respondent said .
The report noted that distinction between racial and religious abuse sometimes made it difficult to protect Muslim Australians under the Racial Discrimination Act , because it did not cover discrimination based on religion .
`` For many Muslim Australians , there was little distinction to be drawn between religious discrimination and racial discrimination . Being on the receiving end of anti-Muslim sentiment was often described in terms of racism , '' it said .
`` When they applied under that name , when they were a university student , [ the employer ] did n't want to call them for an interview . What they did , they took their mother 's name who is Australian , they put Alison , and within three hours they were called for an interview , for the same identical job . ''
Many respondents of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander background said a lack of diversity in government and public institutions was a major contributor to systemic racism .
`` There was agreement among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander participants in Perth , Darwin and Brisbane ... that systemic or institutional discrimination was the main challenge in combating racism , '' the report said .
It said racial discrimination had a range of detrimental effects from damaging personal wellbeing to making people feel unsafe and unwelcome .
`` For those on the receiving end , the experience of racial abuse can alienate them from Australian society – and feed a sense of disillusion and disempowerment . ''
SBS reporter Alyshia Gates will be at the launch of the report today . Follow their updates here .
Jobs like Uber , Amazon Flex , and other rideshare companies are a great way to earn additional income with the Gig Economy . So is renting out your place on sites like Airbnb . But did you know there is now an “ Uber ” or “ Airbnb ” for just about everything ? As an independent contractor , you can dog sit , care for children and the elderly , or make deliveries . You can even find other driving jobs like Uber where you wo n't have to worry about meeting strangers .
That 's why we 've taken the time to identify “ The Top 100 On Demand Economy Side Gigs ” that you can make money with today , divided into 15 groups , such as Rideshare , Hosting , Delivery , Cooking , and even Shipping .
We 've also included information on the referral amounts you can get for signing up and referring others , so choose wisely and consider multiple gigs to make even more money !
So , go ahead , find something you enjoy or leverage your existing skills , and get paid for it . Our handy guide , and your next gig awaits you !
Looking for work ? Jobble 's marketplace connects the 60 million US Gig Economy workers with flexible work opportunities . Finding full-time , part-time , or on-demand local jobs has never been easier with this simple-to-use app .
Republican presidential candidate , Rep. Ron Paul , R-Texas , speaks at the Values Voter Summit in Washington , Oct. 8 , 2011 . AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta
Rep. Ron Paul scored a decisive victory Saturday in a mock presidential election at the Values Voter Summit , trouncing fellow Texan , Gov . Rick Perry , but an organizer of the straw poll suggested ballot-stuffing may have skewed the results .
In a press conference following the announcement of the straw poll results at the annual Washington gathering of social conservatives , Family Research Council President Tony Perkins all but dismissed the results as irrelevant , citing 600 people who registered Saturday morning and , they said , `` left after Ron Paul spoke . ''
A total of 1,983 ballots were cast . `` You do the math , '' Perkins said .
A year ago in the same contest , Paul came in second-to-last . Speaking briefly with reporters before the straw poll results were announced , the Republican lawmaker said , `` If I win , it would n't be as important to the media than if I lose . ''
Paul has a history of scoring unlooked-for straw poll wins by packing the electorate with diehard supporters . But Perkins said it 's too early to take much away from Paul 's win . `` Let me just take you back four years to this event , when we had a straw poll . Mitt Romney won that straw poll , '' they said . `` I think people are still in the process of deciding where they want to go . ''
Paul got 37 percent of the vote . The rest of the ballots showed how widely social conservatives support is splintered among the rest of the field .
Two other conservative favorites , business person Herman Cain and former Sen. Rick Santorum , took second and third place , respectively , with 23 percent for Cain and 16 percent for Santorum .
Perry and Michele Bachmann won 8 percent apiece . Mitt Romney got 4 percent of the vote and Newt Gingrich , 3 percent .
For Perry , who is struggling to regain momentum after some disappointing showings in debates and the polls , the results represent a disappointment . The Texas governor is counting on voters who share their socially conservative views to help power their candidacy into the top tier of Republicans . They did n't get the ringing endorsement they might have wished out of the Values Voter Summit . Instead , the gathering put Perry in the midst of a controversy when the Dallas pastor who introduced them Friday later told reporters that Romney 's Mormon faith is a `` cult '' and `` not Christian . ''
Perkins said their organization did `` everything to preserve the integrity of this straw poll , '' including denying campaigns from buying blocks of tickets , `` which they attempted to do this year . '' But Santorum on Friday seemed dubious , and told National Journal that their success in the polls would depend `` on how many people , how many campaigns , tried to buy a bunch of tickets and try to stack the poll , which unfortunately happens . ''
The victory for the longtime member of congress and three-time presidential contender over their Republican rivals in the presidential contest was all the more surprising because Paul 's principled libertarianism sometimes puts them at odds with the views of social conservatives on issues such as gay marriage and drug laws .
But in a speech hours before the straw poll results were announced , Paul argued that their staunch fiscal conservatism and dogmatic views on liberty were in tune with family values and the Bible .
What should you do if you ca n't remember how you constructed a 6,000 year old amulet , but have misplaced your instruction manual ? You can do the same thing a group of researchers in France did : shine a light on it .
The researchers used a technique called photoluminescence spectroscopy to determine how the amulet was made , as they discuss in a paper published today in Nature . Despite the fancy-sounding name , photoluminescence spectroscopy is , at its core , quite simple . You shine a light on something , then measure the light that bounces off back to you . Different materials return different wavelengths of light , so you can use the light to determine exactly what materials the object is made of .
But not just any old light source will do -- you could n't shine a flashlight on your necklace to find out if it 's 24-karat gold or not . The researchers had to use a beamline at the SOLIEL synchrotron near Paris to examine the amulet .
The amulet , unassumingly catalogued as MR.85.03.00.01 , is one of a handful from Mehrgarh , an archeological site in Pakistan discovered in 1974 . Mehrgarh was settled several times between 7000 BC and 2000 BC . It does n't seem like much , but the simple circular amulet , with six spokes running toward the center and no other decoration , is the earliest known example of a shift in metal casting .
The amulet was created using a technique called lost-wax casting . Unlike earlier permanent mold casting techniques ( which , as the name implies , use metal molds that can be used and reused ) lost-wax casting is a one-time option . If you wanted to make , say , a circular amulet with six spokes , you would first craft a replica of the object in wax . You would then create a mold around the object , heat it up and pour the molten wax out before pouring molten metal in . After the metal cooled , you 'd break open the mold and be the proud owner of a six-spoked amulet .
The amulet from Mehrgarh is n't a good representation of the complexity of design that can be achieved with lost-wax casting , but it is the oldest example of the technique ever identified . The researchers were able to confirm that the amulet was cast as a single piece of very pure copper .
Because of the complexity of the ( at the time ) newfangled casting technique and the quality of the copper used , the researchers suspect that the amulet carried some kind of symbolic or ceremonial significance . But they ca n't be certain , because while photoluminescence spectroscopy may tell us what an object is made of and even how humans crafted it , it 's still not able to tell us why .
Bruyère , a publicly funded Catholic health-care provider in Ottawa that offers palliative care , will not provide physician-assisted death or refer patients to the service despite a Supreme Court ruling striking down the ban , its head says in a memo obtained by CBC News .
Bruyère president and CEO Daniel Levac says in a Jan. 20 memo the organization is `` obligated '' to stand behind its sponsor , the Catholic Health Sponsors of Ontario , as the federal government 's deadline to pass assisted-dying legislation looms .
The memo points to a December 2015 document issued by the Catholic Health Sponsors of Ontario , which states that it would not provide physician-assisted death in its institutions and would not `` directly or explicitly '' refer a patient to get the medical procedure elsewhere .
If patients under the care of CHSO organizations make a request for physician-assisted death , it `` will assist them to question their request for assisted death and to explore other alternative forms of medical care . This is completely consistent with our moral and ethical tradition , '' the document says .
We do n't believe that institutions have a conscience . They are bricks and mortar and concrete . - Shanaaz Gokool , Dying with Dignity Canada
A Catholic-based health provider in Vancouver has also detailed in a memo that physician-assisted death is `` not permitted '' at its institutions , which should have Canadians `` very concerned , '' said Shanaaz Gokool , the CEO of Dying With Dignity Canada .
Gokool said they respect the right of individual doctors to `` conscientiously object '' to assist in the death of a patient as long as they provide a referral , adding that health-care providers should not outright ban the service on principle .
`` We do n't believe that institutions have a conscience . They are bricks and mortar and concrete , '' they said . `` This is probably going to be the most critical issue moving forward as it relates to access across the country . ''
Bruyère to 'monitor the situation '
Bruyère runs Élisabeth Bruyère Hospital in the ByWard Market and Saint-Vincent Hospital in Centretown , as well as long-term care , palliative care and family medicine centres in Ottawa . The health-care organization confirmed it sent out the January memo but has refused to comment further .
The Supreme Court of Canada gave the former Conservative government a year to draft new legislation after striking down the ban on doctor-assisted dying in February 2015 . ( CBC )
The memo states that , `` senior management will monitor the situation and will communicate with staff and adjust operations as necessary as legislative requirements around physician-assisted death become clearer . ''
The Supreme Court of Canada gave the former Conservative government a year to draft new legislation after striking down the ban on doctor-assisted dying in February 2015 . After a request from the new Liberal government , the court extended the date to pass the law to June 6 .
On Thursday , a special parliamentary committee of MPs and senators tabled a 70-page report called `` Medical Assistance in Dying : A Patient-Centred Approach , '' with 21 recommendations on how to draft that legislation .
One of those recommendations was that an individual health practitioner 's freedom of conscience should be balanced with the needs of a patient , and that `` at minimum , the objecting practitioner must provide an effective referral for the patient . ''
The head of the CHSO , John Ruetz , told CBC News in an email that time is needed to `` carefully consider the parliamentary report . '' Still , they said they believe Ontario 's Local Health System Integration Act does allow health organizations to exercise conscience rights .
`` This legislation makes it clear that no health-care organization will be obligated to provide a health service that is contrary to its religious beliefs , '' they wrote .
They added that the Ontario organization takes its lead from the Catholic Health Alliance of Canada , which oversees about 120 hospitals , community health centres , nursing homes and long-term care facilities across the country .
Read the full CHSO response to physician-assisted death here .
Way back when I first discovered Transformers comic books , issue 33 was one of my very first purchases . I remember loving this book . I remember searching for years looking for issue 34 to finish the story . The funny thing is , I ca n't remember anything about this comic other then how much I remembered loving it and it being my favorites . Ever since I started doing these Transformers reviews , I have been looking forward to the time I would get to revisit issue 33 and 34 . I hope you like this story as much as I do . It 's a one off story written by Marvel UK . I will have a lot to say about this story arc when I am done reading it . Lets check out this cover !
I got Wheeljack on a shirt ! Get your own from 80sTees.com
I love this cover . It has a mythical and historical feel to it . The art is well done and detailed . These are the reasons why this was one of the first Transformers comic books I bought when I was flipping through the Transformers section of a comic long box at Stamp and Coin . The cover depicts a towering red and blue Deception . I have read on other sites that this Transformer is a miss colored Megatron . Personally , I do n't see it that way . I prefer to see it as my younger self saw it so many years ago . Just a nondescript Decepticon from medieval times surrounded by knights on horse back along a rocky hillside on an other wise beautiful day . Written just below the Transformers logo reads : You wo n't believe it ! Your eyes will bug out ! ! An explosive saga from the house of ideas ! ! ! Because this is a story written by Marvel UK , the Royal Union Flag is represented behind Grimlock inside the box on the top left of the issue . If you bought this issue from a comic book store you got a bonus image of Shakespeare where the bar code would have been .
Chapter One : First encounter
Stansham Castle in England falls under a seemingly random and quick attack from several Decepticon Jets . The attack allows the Decepticons to plant an underground probe .
Within the nearby woods of the Castle , Sammy Harker , son of Stansham Castle 's curator , is playing around . They soon encounters the towering Autobot , Jazz . Scared out of their wits , Sammy runs home without stopping . Jazz stealthily follows them in their car alt mode .
When Sammy arrives at home in complete shock , they tell their father what happened . Mr. Harker , is reminded of an old legend about Man of Iron . A tale of a large metal man that was seen near Stansham Castle on three separate occasions . The legend goes that the Man of Iron battled with attacking forces using their “ javelin of flame ” before disappearing .
Sammy is shown a 900 year old drawing of the Man of Iron . Sammy thinks that it 's a pretty good representation of the Robot they saw earlier that day .
Chapter Two : Kidnapped !
During that evening , Sammy experiences some disturbing dreams of larger-than-life robots and jet fighters . Their dreams show Mirage visiting their house and stealing the picture of the Man of Iron . These dreams turn out to be more than just dreams .
The next day , Sammy discovers a white Porsche parked outside of their house and discovers the Man of Iron picture on the backseat . The Autobot , Jazz starts to talk with Sammy . Unable to resist the fine looking automobile , Sammy gets inside .
Sammy 's mother , who is looking for their son , steps outside to find them inside the white Porsche . Before Sammy can get out of the car , or their mother can get to him , Jazz closes their Porsche doors and speeds away with Sammy inside .
My Thoughts On This Issue
The ‘ Man of Iron ' story line is a one off , a side story when read . Which I am perfectly happy with because the story and the art work are so damn good ! The ‘ Man of Iron ' , does not feel like a normal Transformers story . It is a lot of ways its far better . It 's more detailed . An example of this detail is when Jazz is surveillancing Sammy 's home .
With this issue , I do n't feel like I am being talked down to , which I guess looking back , I kind of felt that way from early issues . From page one the story , with its top notch writing and fantastic art work , swept me away from reality and brought me inside the Transformers fantasy world effortlessly . It 's reminded me exactly how I felt as a kid when I first read the story and the effects still hold true today for me as an adult .
I am really looking forward to sharing all my thoughts with you at the conclusion of the story line in the next comic . Until then , please share your thoughts about this issue in the comments below . Did you think it was as great as I do ?
Transmission Letters This Issue
Dear Marvel ,
Well , I recently read TRANSFORMERS # 28 , andI think we all now know what we can expect from Grimlock in the future – a reign of terror ! I personally think he 's a little too heartless to be the leaser of the Autobots , and I think everyone else out there feels the same way . Boy , Grimlock 's savage dictatorial qualities are very different from the benevolence of Optimus Prime . I 'm wondering how many of the other Autobots can take him ! If I were Blaster or Goldbug , I would have done the exact same thing they did in the issue : run away ! Oh , well , Maybe he 'll do better after a little experience at the job . I sure hope so , because right now I think the Autobots would do better with someone like Perceptor or Blaster in charge . At least they would spend less time worry about which crown to wear and more worrying about future attacks from the Decepticons !
Jeanne Griswald
Louisville , KY
Sorry you feel that way about Grimlock , Jeanne . So far thought , all of the Autobots are giving them a chance to prove himself . Who knows how long it took Optimus Prime to become the great leader they are ? But hey , none of us would want to be seen by Shockwave in any ugly crown . That would be sooo embarrassing…
Dear Bob ,
After I read TRANSFORMERS # 26 and saw the Mechanic , I had a sneaking suspicion that the Autobots had n't see the last of that menace . Boy , I did n't think that he 'd be back as soon as TRANSFORMERS # 28 . They came back all right – with a vengeance . He 's pretty much unstoppable with the awesome power booster and the cryogenic sprayer . They handled Goldbug and Blaster like they were just little , annoying bugs ! Of course , they also had a little help from the police department… It 's pretty frightening to think of what a two-bit car thief can do when they get their hands on something sophisticated equipment . Just think , they were able to get loads of money from organized crime leaders who would n't have ordinarily listened to him . Right now it looks like they could take on the whole U.S. Army with the weapons they have , if they wanted . And to top it off , he 's still on the loose ! I wonder what their next plan will be ? Maybe he 'll take over the White House and appoint themselves president ! But , for now , I guess we 'll all have to wait and see what the Mechanic has in store for the free world . I know he 'll be back again , Bob , and I for one am looking forward to it . thanks to all of you guys for making TRANSFORMERS the best comic around .
Alan Shushan
Vally Forge , PA
Dear Transmissions ,
I just picked up a copy of TRANSFORMERs # 26 and it was incredible . the evil Mechanic was baek ( Ink is smudged so I am not sure if that is correct ) in all their fury . Grimlock demonstrated their leadership , and the humans interfered with everything again . bob Budiansky 's characterizations were very realistic , and I was totally absorbed in the story . I 'm really growing to dislike the Mechanic . they are a true villain in their quest for personal gain , and , like all great villains , they always seem to escape just as the heroes are about to get him , , I hope that someday some Transformer gets their hands on the guy so justice can finally be served . Where 's the Scourge of the Underworld when you need him ? !
The art by Don Perlin and Akin & Garvey was great . I especially liked the combat sequences in the story . I also think that the team has gotten much better at drawing humans since the beginning of their tenure as regular artists . the Transofrmers themselves always looked really good ( I guess Akin & Garvey got a lot of practice with metal stuff when they were inking those great IRONMAN comics ) but I felt their humans were a little lacking in quality . Well , it 's been a long time now , and I think the team has really improved over the years . I personally do n't think the art can get much better than it is now and that 's a big compliment !
All in all , the whole book seems to be flowing very smoothly now , the entire team , including Janice Chiang and Nel Yomtev , has really gotten into the groove . I realistically can see this team lasting forever on this book !
Oh , one more thing , I also loved the cover which was drawn by Ian akin . I never saw their full artwork before , and I really liked it . Even though I enjoy Herb Trimpe 's usual covers , it was good to see another quality artist doing it . Oh , well , I guess that 's all the compliments I can dish out for the month but I do n't mind since the work is so impressive . Keep up the great work , and thank you in advance for printing this letter .
Phil Dickler
Plattekill , NY
How can we not print sentiments like those , Phil ? Thank you for writing such a complimentary letter . Aww , we 're all blushing red ! We 're glad you enjoy the book so much . We ; re darn proud of the whole TRANSFORMERS team ourselves . You 're right that it 's too bad Scourge ( from another great book – CAPTAIN AMERICA ) is n't around to take care of the Mechanic . It seems that no one else can !
Dear Don ,
What 's the deal with the humans in TRANSFORERS ? I 've only counted about six in all twenty-eight issues who support the Autobot 's actions . Buster and Sarkplug Witwicky have n't been seen for quite some time ; G.B . Blackrock was last seen in the G.I . JOE vs. TRANSOFRMERS Limited Series ( I personally do n't trust him , thought . I think their business person-like mind has ulterior motives for the Autobots . But , alas , that remains to be seen . ) ; Ethan Zachary , who seemed to have strong feelings for the Autobot cause but is now hiding out in their lab with a program of Optimus Prime on their computer disk ; and of course , the man everyone loves to hate , Mister Personality himself , Denny Finkelburg . Meanwhile , every other human either fears or hates the Transformers . One would figure that since the Transformers have been around for so long , the Autobots would live in harmony with the humans by now , and both would jointly crush the Decepticon threat . But noooo ! People 's hatreds or fears always seem to mess up the best-laid Autobot plans . If it 's not that super-menace , Circuit Breaker , it 's the police department or the army . These Autobots hardly ever get a break from the humans .
Well , I 'm hoping that this will soon change . Hey , Bob , make the humans more compassionate . I think there 'd be a few more people out there who would listen to the eloquent Autobots , This anti-robot hysteria you guys have in TRANSFORMERS is just a rampant as the anti-mutant hysteria found in the X-MEN books . come on , Guys , I think it 's time for a change .
Jeff Schneiderman
Skokie , IL
Whoa , wait a sec , Jeff . you mean to tell us that if you where just casually strolling down Dozer Ave. , and a fifty foot robot with a very big gun started walking toward you , you would have a pleasant conversation with him ? Right . We do n't think so , either . They would have some good stories to tell , thought…
New Ads This Issue
The Turbot War ( known in Spain as Guerra del Fletán ) was an international fishing dispute between Canada ( supported by the United Kingdom and Ireland ) and Spain ( supported by the European Union and Iceland ) in which Canada stopped a Spanish fishing trawler from Galicia in international waters and arrested its crew . Canada claimed that European Union factory ships were illegally overfishing Greenland halibut , also known as Greenland turbot , on the Grand Banks , just outside Canada 's declared 200-nautical-mile ( 370 km ) exclusive economic zone ( EEZ ) .
Prelude [ edit ]
Territorial seas have changed over time , having begun with a 3-nautical-mile ( 5.6 km ) `` cannon shot '' territorial sea , followed by the long-standing extension to a 12-nautical-mile ( 22 km ) standard . The economic control of the waters surrounding nations to a 200-nautical-mile ( 370 km ) exclusive economic zones ( EEZ ) were agreed at the conference on the Third United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea in 1982 , and became recognised internationally on November 14 , 1994 . As a self-governing colony and dominion , Newfoundland 's foreign policy , just as Canada 's , was established by the British government until the Statute of Westminster 1931 . However , in 1934 , Newfoundland 's government voted to be put under the administration of a commission appointed by London ; this situation remained until 1949 when the dominion entered Canadian Confederation .
Following Confederation , Canada recognized many of the foreign policy agreements Newfoundland had entered under this commission . During the 1950s to the 1970s , the domestic and foreign fishing fleets became increasingly industrialized , with massive factory freezer trawlers fishing out of Newfoundland ports – foreign fleets were based in Newfoundland and could fish 12 nautical miles offshore , while domestic fleets could fish in both the territorial sea and the offshore .
By the 1970s the overfishing by industrial vessels in the waters of the other provinces of eastern Canada was evident , although each subsequent federal government continued to ignore this problem , and even contributed to it by using the issuance of fishing licenses for more inshore and offshore domestic vessels . Between 1973 and 1982 the United Nations and its member states negotiated the Third Convention of the Law of the Sea – one component of which was the concept of nations being allowed to declare an EEZ . Although not adopted into international law until 1982 , the possibility of declaring an EEZ became a de facto reality in 1977 with the conclusion of those sections of the Third Conference negotiations relating to maritime boundary and economic control .
Many nations worldwide declared 200-nautical-mile EEZs , including Canada and the United States . The EEZ boundaries became a foreign policy issue where overlapping claims existed , as was the case between Canada and the United States in the Gulf of Maine , Dixon Entrance , Strait of Juan de Fuca and Beaufort Sea , as well as between Canada and France in the case of St. Pierre and Miquelon .
But on the whole , for fishermen in eastern Canada , it meant they could fish unhindered out to the limit without fear of competing with the foreign fleets . During the late 1970s and early 1980s , Canada 's domestic offshore fleet grew as fishermen and fish processing companies rushed to take advantage . It was also during this time when it was noticed that the foreign fleets now pushed out to 200 nautical miles offshore and excluded from the rich Canadian waters , were increasing their harvest on the small areas of the Grand Banks that were outside the area of the EEZ .
By the late 1980s the smaller catches of Northern cod were being reported throughout the Atlantic coast of Canada as the federal government and citizens of coastal regions in the area began to face the reality that the domestic and foreign overfishing had taken its toll . In the end stocks of cod in and around Canada 's EEZ were severely depleted . Reluctant to act at a time of declining political popularity , the federal government was finally forced to take drastic action in 1992 when a total moratorium was declared indefinitely for the Northern Cod .
The immediate impact was felt most in Newfoundland , followed by the Atlantic coast of Nova Scotia . The nascent Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization , organized after the 1977 EEZ declarations to coordinate conservation efforts in Canada , the United States , and member nations in Europe ( both western and eastern bloc countries ) , also declared a ban , however it was implemented too late to be effective – cod which 5–10 years before was being caught in record numbers , had vanished almost overnight to the point where it was considered for endangered species protection .
The economic impact in coastal Newfoundland was unprecedented . To lessen the impact that its policies of permitting overfishing had exacted upon rural Newfoundlanders , the federal government swiftly created a relief program called `` The Atlantic Groundfish Strategy '' ( TAGS ) to provide short- to medium-term financial support , and employment retraining for the longer term .
Despite TAGS , Newfoundland and coastal Nova Scotia were bleeding severely as communities began to experience an out-migration on a scale not seen in Canada since the prairie dust bowls of the 1930s . The anger at federal political figures was palpable and with the wholesale rejection of short-term Prime Minister Kim Campbell , incoming prime minister Jean Chrétien 's Liberals were going to face the ongoing wrath of voters whose entire livelihoods had been decimated as a result of decades of federal neglect and mismanagement , and whose communities , property values , net worth , and way of life were declining rapidly .
[ 3 ] Brian Tobin was the Canadian politician who was largely responsible for managing the conflict . This earned them the nicknames `` Captain Canada '' and `` The Turbotonator ''
In the years since the cod moratorium , federal fisheries policymakers and scientists had scrambled to attempt to find a replacement species that could at least reinject economic stimulus into the affected regions . The ground fishery , while a fraction of what it had been during the cod years , did have some bright spots – one of which was the Greenland halibut commonly known in Canada as turbot . The turbot had decreased in demand due to a common dislike for the taste in the European Union .
Canada was not alone in recognizing the growing value of the turbot , and foreign fishing fleets operating off the 200-nautical-mile EEZ were beginning to pursue the species in increasing numbers . By 1994 , Canada and NAFO had tracked about 50 violations of boats crossing the 200-nautical-mile EEZ limit to fish illegally within Canadian waters , as well as recording use of illegal gear and overfishing outside Canadian waters .
The new federal Minister of Fisheries and Oceans , Brian Tobin , directed the Department of Fisheries and Oceans ( DFO ) , along with the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade ( DFAIT ) to begin a very aggressive dialogue with the European Union over the presence of its fishing fleet and its practices , particularly the use of illegal trawl nets just outside the Canadian EEZ while fishing for turbot . Tobin 's critics in Canada noted that they were likely using their department as a political prop to shore up support during a time of increased social unrest in the region , yet in the winter of 1995 , Tobin directed DFO to establish a legal argument which could be made for the seizure of a foreign vessel in international waters using the premise of conservation .
The Estai incident [ edit ]
Minister Tobin and the federal cabinet then told the DFO to demonstrate Canadian resolve on the issue by `` making an example '' of a European Union fishing vessel . On 9 March 1995 , an offshore patrol aircraft detected the Spanish stern trawler Estai in international waters outside Canada 's 200-nautical-mile EEZ . Armed DFO fisheries patrol vessels , Cape Roger , Leonard J. Cowley and Canadian Coast Guard Ship Sir Wilfred Grenfell , intercepted and pursued Estai , which cut its weighted trawl net and fled after an initial boarding attempt , resulting in a several hours ' chase which ended after the Canadian Fisheries Patrol vessel Cape Roger fired a .50 calibre ( 12.7 mm ) machine gun across the bow of Estai . The Canadian Coast Guard ship Sir Wilfred Grenfell used high-pressure fire-fighting water cannon to deter other Spanish fishing vessels from disrupting the operation . Finally , armed DFO Fishery Officers and Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) officers boarded Estai in international waters on the Grand Banks .
Estai was escorted to St. John 's , arriving with great fanfare across the province and region — and the country . Canada 's federal court processed the case and the charges against the crew while Spain and the European Union protested vehemently , threatening boycotts against Canada and wishing to have the case heard at the International Court of Justice .
Tobin and their department ignored the controversy and instead had the oversized trawl net which Estai had cut free salvaged . The DFO contracted a Fishery Products International ground fish trawler to drag for Estai 's trawl . On the first attempt it retrieved the Estai 's net which had been cut . It was found that Estai was using a liner with a mesh size smaller than permitted by the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organisation ( NAFO ) . The net was shipped to New York City where Tobin called an international press conference on board a rented barge in the East River outside the United Nations headquarters . There , the net from Estai was displayed , hanging from an enormous crane , and Tobin used the occasion to shame the Spanish and EU governments , pointing out the small size of the holes in the net which are illegal in Canada . Spain never denied that the net was from Estai but continued to protest Canada 's use of `` extra-territorial force '' . The Spanish government asked the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , for leave to hear a case claiming that Canada had no right to detain Estai . However , the court later refused the case . [ 4 ] Later , Canada released the crew of Estai . On the same day that Tobin was in New York , the United Kingdom blocked an EU proposal to impose sanctions on Canada . [ 5 ]
Tobin claimed that Canada would not enter negotiations as long as illegal fishing continued , and demanded the withdrawal of all fishing vessels in the area as a precondition . On March 15 , the owners of Estai posted $ 500,000 bond for the vessel , and it was returned to Spain . Subsequently , the rest of the fishing fleet also left the area , and preliminary talks were scheduled for the upcoming G7 conference . These talks failed , as the Spanish refused to change their position , and Spanish fishing vessels subsequently returned to Grand Banks . Spain also implemented a visa mandate for all Canadians visiting , or planning to visit Spain . This resulted in several Canadians being deported from Spain who had been legally in Spain up until the moment the visa mandate was adopted . [ 6 ] The visa mandate was later overturned by the EU in 1996 . The Spanish Navy deployed the Serviola-class patrol boat Atalaya to protect its country 's fishing vessels . The Spanish Navy also prepared a surface task group with frigates and tankers , but Spain eventually decided against sending it . Negotiations ceased on March 25 , and the following day , Canadian ships cut the nets of the Spanish trawler Pescamero Uno . The Spanish Navy responded by deploying a second patrol boat . Canadian warships and patrol planes in the vicinity were authorized by Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien to fire on Spanish vessels that exposed their guns . Direct negotiations between the EU and Canada eventually restarted , and a deal was reached on April 5 . Spain , however , rejected it , demanding better terms . After Canada threatened to forcibly remove Spanish fishing vessels , the EU pressured Spain into finally reaching a settlement on April 15 . Canada reimbursed the $ 500,000 that had been paid for Estai 's release , repealed the CFPR provision that allowed the arrest of Spanish vessels , and a reduction of Canada 's own Turbot allocation . A new international regime to observe EU and Canadian fishing vessels was also created . [ 5 ]
The dispute raised Brian Tobin 's political profile , helping to preserve their political career in Newfoundland at a time when federal politicians were being increasingly vilified . It also led to their decision in 1996 to pursue to the leadership of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland following the resignation of premier Clyde Wells , as well as a widely discussed future possibility for leadership of the Liberal Party of Canada .
The Newlyn incident [ edit ]
Although Spain was getting political support from the EU ( including naval support from Germany among others ) , the United Kingdom and Ireland supported Canada . [ 7 ] The then prime-minister John Major risked their status within the EU community by actively speaking out against Spain . Because of this , some British fishing boats took to flying Canadian flags to show their support . This brought the conflict to European waters when a Cornish fishing boat , Newlyn , then flying the Canadian flag , was arrested by a French ship that believed it to be Canadian . This dragged Britain from its position of passive backing into full support of the Canadians . Overnight , Canadian flags began to fly from all manner of British and Irish vessels . [ 8 ]
The rest of the EU rallied behind France and Spain , but hesitated to make any mobilizations against the British , Irish , or Canadians .
Upon hearing the news of the conflict , Iceland spoke up and took the side of the EU against Britain in light of their similar clash with the British , known as the Cod Wars . As with the EU , no military mobilization took place . Iceland tried to put political pressure on the United Kingdom and Ireland . [ 9 ] The British and the Irish pointedly ignored these actions and continued their unquestioned support of Brian Tobin and the Canadians .
In the end Newlyn was returned to the British without further incident .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Works cited [ edit ]
ENLARGE Hillary Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta outside Clinton 's home in Washington , Oct. 5 . Photo : Associated Press .
Hillary Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta has responded to the WikiLeaks publication of their private emails by suggesting they were stolen by the Russians to elect Donald Trump . What they do n't like to talk about is the business he 's done with a Kremlin-backed investment firm and the lengths he 's gone to avoid scrutiny of this relationship .
“ Clinton Cash ” author Peter Schweizer and the Trump campaign have been urging the media to pay attention to Mr. Podesta 's Russian connection and perhaps they should . The story begins in 2011 when the solar energy startup Joule Unlimited announced that Mr. Podesta had been elected to its board of directors . In a company press release , Joule 's CEO at the time lauded Mr. Podesta 's “ extensive experience within the US government and internationally as well. ” No one claimed Mr. Podesta was a scientific expert , but the company 's founder expressed the hope that their new associate “ can help Joule build the lasting relationships needed for long-term success . ”
A former White House chief of staff for President Bill Clinton , Mr. Podesta at the time was running the Center for American Progress , which supported the Obama administration 's “ Russian reset. ” Mr. Podesta personally lauded the effort to “ build a more constructive relationship ” with Russia at a 2009 event hosted by their think tank .
Mr. Podesta certainly seems to have made the effort to build a business relationship . About eight months after Mr. Podesta joined Joule in 2011 , an investment fund backed by the Russian government , Rusnano , announced plans to invest about $ 35 million in the company . Several months later , Joule announced that Rusnano Chairman Anatoly Chubais was joining its board of directors . Around the same time , Mr. Podesta joined Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's Foreign Affairs Policy Board .
It 's not illegal to invest alongside a Kremlin-backed investment vehicle tasked with developing and acquiring valuable technology to benefit Russia . Nor , as far as we know , is it illegal to do so while simultaneously serving as an outside adviser to the U.S. secretary of state .
But Mr. Podesta may have been concerned about the attention this association might draw when they went back into government in early 2014 to serve as a counselor to President Obama . That 's when Mr. Podesta declared on their federal financial disclosure form that they had divested themselves of their Joule holdings .
This is where the story gets a little more complicated . The emails published on WikiLeaks show that around the time they were returning to the White House , Mr. Podesta wrote to Joule requesting the transfer of their shares to an entity called Leonidio Holdings , LLC , which had been created just weeks earlier .
Leonidio shares an address with Mr. Podesta 's daughter Megan Rouse , a financial planner who lives in California . When reached by telephone on Tuesday , Ms . Rouse told us that they did not have time to discuss the issue , thanked us for the call , and then hung up .
On Wednesday a Clinton campaign spokesperson told us that Mr. Podesta cut their ties with Joule when they returned to the White House in 2014 , “ transferred the entirety of their holdings to their adult children ” and “ recused themselves from all matters pertaining to Joule for the duration of their time at the White House . ”
But WikiLeaks also shows Mr. Podesta receiving a bill for legal expenses related to Leonidio 's incorporation in Delaware . We wonder how often people pay the bills to create corporations in which they have no interest .
Mr. Podesta left the White House around February of 2015 . They later received a bill from the law firm Steptoe and Johnson for legal work related to Joule performed in April of 2015 . This also was published on WikiLeaks , and it says a Steptoe attorney spent half an hour working on “ Joule request for consent to appointment of Mr. Akhanov. ” Dmitry Akhanov , who runs Rusnano 's U.S. office , is now listed as a member of Joule 's board of directors . It would be highly unusual for a company to seek approval on a board appointment from someone who no longer has any ties to the business . Did Mr. Podesta resume their formal relationship with Joule and the Russian government 's investment fund right after leaving the White House and just before joining the Clinton campaign ?
Mr. Schweizer says they detect in all this a clever attempt to dodge government disclosure rules : “ America 's disclosure laws are designed to allow citizens to see what conflicts of interests our senior government officials might have . That is especially the case when they or their families are financially linked to adversarial foreign governments . ”
The Clinton campaign did not make Mr. Podesta available for an interview . Perhaps they figure that with Mrs. Clinton leading in the polls they can avoid the topic through Election Day and then declare it all old news . Meantime , voters can be forgiven for discounting their protests about the Kremlin and Donald Trump .
Mr. Freeman is a assistant editor of the Journal 's editorial page .
It 's popsicle season ! This here , my friends , is my recipe for healthy , creamy Raspberry Chia Popsicles made only with the best ingredients . Not only are they very low in calories ( 30 cals in 1 popsicle ) but they are also the best way to get your kids to eat a healthy dose of chia seeds .
They 're quick , easy to make and definitely far better than the sugar-filled popsicles you can buy at a store .
Once the temperature starts rising and my boys start wearing shorts the inevitable question , “ Can we have ice cream ? ” always comes up . The problem is that I do n't always make my own ice cream , though this Raspberry Coconut Ice Cream is definitely still a favorite . Another big problem with ice cream is that , for toddlers , one scoop is never enough . Even worse is when I do n't miraculously make two scoops that are identical in size , weight , and form . It 's basically guaranteed that I get complaints from two little boys how the other brother has more . Ugh , I 'm getting a headache just thinking about those fights .
The only way to get my boys to stop yelling for ice cream is to give them all of it and that is definitely not going to happen .
So that 's why I 've been making lots of Raspberry Chia Popsicles instead now . They are portioned out ahead of time , they 're fairly large which keeps my boys busy sucking on them for quite some time aka I get a break !
My boys did n't even mind the chia seeds in the popsicles . I was so sure they would complain about them but they did n't mind at all . I also used white chia seeds instead because I wanted them to blend in better with the popsicle . Nutritionally there is no difference between black and white chia seeds . The only difference really is just the appearance . Both white and black chia seeds are rich in omega-3 's , antioxidants , protein and fiber . That does n't even begin to describe the many benefits of chia seeds .
Which makes this recipe even more exciting . All moms know finding a recipe , that is crazy healthy and that kids love , is like finding the holy grail . No joke ! You 'll love these Creamy , Raspberry Chia Popsicles ; )
5 from 5 votes Print Creamy Raspberry Chia Popsicles Healthy and easy to make popsicle recipe that can be adapted with different fruit . Perfect for kids ! Prep Time 10 minutes Total Time 10 minutes Calories 30 kcal Author Vanessa @ VeganFamilyRecipes.com Ingredients 2 Chia Eggs - made with White Chia Seeds black will work too . ( See Notes on how to make )
2/3 of a cup 100g Fresh Raspberries ( roughly 24 raspberries )
1 Medjool Date pit removed
1 cup 240 ml Unsweetened Almond Milk ( Can use other plant-based milks as well . Soy , rice , oat etc . )
24 fresh Raspberries Extra and optional ! Instructions Prepare chia eggs ( see notes on how ) . Place raspberries ( roughly 24 of them ) , medjool date , and almond milk in a blender or food processor . Blend until as smooth as possible . Strain mixture to remove seeds . Add chia eggs to strained raspberry mixture and stir together ensuring that there are no chia seed clumps . Optional : Add about 3 fresh raspberries to eat popsicle mold . Fill raspberry-chia puree into popsicle molds , cover and insert popsicle sticks into each . Freeze popsicles for at least 3 hours until fully frozen . Run the popsicle molds under room temperature water for 20 seconds to easily remove popsicles from each mold . Recipe Notes 1 . ) Prepare 2 chia eggs by mixing together 2 tablespoons of chia seeds with 6 tablespoons of water in a small bowl . Let sit for at least 15 minutes or longer until a gel forms . The chia gel is your chia egg ! 2 . ) The date adds just an extra hint of sweetness to these raspberry chia popsicles . The tartness/sweetness will also depend greatly on your raspberries . If your raspberries are very sweet you could also omit the dates . If you want a little extra sweetness feel free to add some maple syrup , a couple more dates , or using sweetened almond milk . Nutrition Facts Creamy Raspberry Chia Popsicles Amount Per Serving ( 1 popsicles ) Calories 30 Calories from Fat 14 % Daily Value * Total Fat 1.5g 2 % Total Carbohydrates 4g 1 % Dietary Fiber 2g 8 % Sugars 2g Protein 1g 2 % * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet .
Love these Raspberry Chia Popsicles but want to give some other cold treats a try ? Then try some of these ; )
Raspberry Coconut Ice Cream , Strawberry Ice Cream Cake or browse through this list of Healthy Sweet Snacks for Kids & Teens ( adults welcome too ! ) !
Matt Sinclair was hallucinating and afraid . Last spring , the 33-year-old from Sault Ste . Marie had relapsed with methamphetamine and found themselves standing face to face with a local police officer .
Today , Sinclair speaks calmly about the run-in , but they know there was a lot on the line : their criminal record , their life outside of prison . The police officer spotted a shining silver band on Sinclair 's wrist and asked them to read out the number on it . Sinclair was one of the first people to wear a new MedicAlert bracelet that lets first responders know they have fetal alcohol spectrum disorder ( FASD ) .
“ They brought me to my best friend 's house instead of bringing me to the hospital or putting me in the jail for the night , ” Sinclair said .
In federal correctional facilities , up to 23 per cent of inmates has FASD , according to the Correctional Investigator of Canada — a rate 28 times higher than in the general population . Youth with FASD are 19 times more likely to be confined to a young-offender 's facility than their unaffected peers , according to a 2013 report from FASD ONE Justice Action Group in Ontario .
FASD comprises an array of conditions that can affect anyone whose mother drank alcohol during pregnancy . Sometimes those conditions manifest physically — smaller head size and shorter height are common — but behaviour problems , poor coordination , and poor impulse control are also prevalent .
Sinclair , like many on the FASD spectrum , does n't always grasp the consequences of their actions . When they get angry , frustrated , or confused , they shut down , curls up in a ball , and freezes in place . They have a criminal record for theft , possession of drugs , and numerous parole breaches .
“ People with FASD , we try to fit in with groups , ” they say . “ Unfortunately we fit in usually with the wrong crowd . ”
Sinclair explains that they are suggestible , wanting people to be their friend , but not always understanding that — in what they call “ the drug-and-alcohol world ” — some of those people might be talking to them for the wrong reasons .
“ People will be like , ‘ Go do this for me , ' and I 'll be like , ‘ Oh you are my best friend so okay , ' even though that person does n't have my best interests , ” they said .
The bracelet will not stop people with FASD from falling in with the wrong crowd — but Catherine Horluck of MedicAlert Foundation Canada says it may keep them from falling into the hands of the justice system .
“ The vision is that the bracelet would provide equitable treatment for people with FASD in their time of need , ” they said .
The pilot program launched in November 2015 in northern Ontario , and so far 79 people have registered to wear the bracelet . When first responders — whether police , paramedics , or nurses — see the bracelet , they 'll be able to access MedicAlert 's database , which will provide patient details and connect them with family or friends .
“ I think many of my officers , like myself , had no idea that it 's a spectrum and there are strategies you can use to have a discussion with these folks , ” said John Syrette , chief of the Anishinabek Police Service , which covers part of the area the pilot encompasses .
Related :
As part of the program , Syrette and their officers learned what FASD is and what the bracelet signifies . Syrette says their force also learned strategies for dealing with people on the spectrum .
“ I hope officers will see this bracelet and think , I have to step back for a second and review my approach , because typically you are trying to take control of a situation and you are trying to bring closure as quickly as possible , ” they said . “ That 's probably not going to assist this person right now . ”
After police got in touch with Sinclair 's contacts through MedicAlert , they took them to their friend 's house , where they were able to settle down — and thereby avoid a stay in the psychiatric centre and criminal charges .
“ My best friend of 13 years listens to me talk , and I make better decisions based off of it , ” Sinclair said . “ He understands me completely . ”
Sinclair , who is from Deschambault Lake , part of the Peter Ballantyne Cree Nation in Saskatchewan , talks openly about their FASD . But Frances Pine , FASD coordinator at the North Shore Tribal Council , an original partner in the MedicAlert program , says there 's a stigma attached to the condition that can make talking about it difficult .
“ A lot of people do n't want to confirm they have FASD , you know , ” they said . “ But when you actually look at the diagnostic criteria , it can happen to anybody . ”
If a woman consumes seven drinks in one week or has two binge-drinking episodes ( four or more drinks in one night ) during their pregnancy , Pine explained , the child is at risk .
“ That 's Christmas holidays . That 's frosh week . That 's a family reunion . It can happen to anybody , ” they said . “ Most women do n't know they are pregnant until between six and 12 weeks , and the threshold is you can start doing damage as early as two weeks . ”
Pine says the new bracelet can help educate people and attenuate the stigma . It 's also an important tool for families affected by the FASD .
“ It gives them a sense of security , ” they say . “ If you are not there for them in that moment and time when they need somebody , you want something there to help speak for them , because you know at that moment when their fight or flight is kicking in that they are not going to be thinking rationally . ”
MedicAlert is helping 35 organizations who work with FASD-afflicted people bring the bracelet program — now in its second year — to their communities . The plan over the next two years is to make the bracelet and training accessible across Canada .
Sinclair knows their situation could 've turned out differently had they not been wearing the bracelet that night last spring . They could easily be behind bars . Instead he 's running the FASD Northern Ontario Facebook page and doing advocacy work to reduce the stigma that surrounds the condition .
“ If you are on the spectrum it 's being able to say , ‘ Hey , I 'm FASD — you have to do things different , ' ” they said . “ I get the same results done ; I just do it differently . ”
Geraldine Malone is a Munk Global Journalism Fellow who covers Indigenous communities and the penal system .
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT AREA.BUT Their NAME HASrt NOT INRELEASED.AROUND NINE : 30 THIS MORNING , THE SACRAMENTO AUTO THEFT TASKFORCE WAS CONDUrtCTIN A STOLENVEHICLE OPERATION WHEN THEYNOTICED TWO WOMEN AT THE RAMADAINN DRIVE AWAY IN A STOLEN CAR. > > rt THEY TRIED TO DO A VEHICLESTOP ON THE STOLEN CAR.THE DRIVER LEADS THEM ON APURSUIT THAT LEADS THEM ALL THEWAY TO ELK GROVE WHERE THEPURSUIT WAS TERMINATED.rtDANA : THE TASK FORCE WHICH ISCOMPRISED OF CHP , THE SHERIFF'SDEPARTMENT AND PROBATIONOFFICERS WENT BACK TO THE RAMADAINN JUST BEFORE NOON TO SEARCHTHE ROOM WHERE THE WOMEN WERESTAYING. > > 01:12 -- rt > > INVESTIGATORS CAME BACK TOTHE MOTEL ROOM , DID A KNOCK ANDNOTICE AND ANNOUNCED THEMSELVESAT THE MOTEL ROOM DOOR TOCONDUCT A PROBATION SEARCH , WHENTHE SUSPECT INSIDE STARTEDFIRING SHOTS THROUGH THE FRONTDOOR AND FRONT WALL.rtDANA : 2 CHP OFFICERS WERE SHOT.AS THE GUNMAN TRIED TO ESCAPEFROM THE BALCONY.THEN -- THE GUNMAN SHOT DEPUTY ROBERTFRENCH.rt > > I 'M IN THE UNFORTUNATEPOSITION TO HAVE TO STAND BEFOREYOU AND TELL YOU WE HAD ANOFFICER GET KILLED IN THE LINEOF DUTY.DANA : YVETTE RUINA WAS DRIVINGrtPAST THE MOTEL WITH Them ADULTDAUGHTER UNAWARE OF THE SHOOTING > > AND ALL OF A SUDDEN I JUSTHEAR POP , POP , POP , POP , POP.rtDANA : Them CAR CAUGHT ONE OF THEBULLETS RIGHT NEXT TO Them GASTANK. > > AND I FELT WHEN THE BULLETHIT MY CAR AND THE WHOLE CARJUST MOVED.DANA COLEMAN -- rt DANA : THE GUNMANTHEN DROVE AWAY.AND THE MOTEL WAS ON LOCKDOWN ASSWAT MEMBERS CHECKED TO MAKESURE NO MORE SUSPECTS WEREINSIDE .
Advertisement Deputy killed , CHP officers injured in shooting near Sacramento County motel 3 people detained in connection with shooting Share Shares Copy Link Copy
A Sacramento County sheriff 's deputy was killed and two California Highway Patrol officers were injured Wednesday in a shooting near a Sacramento County motel off Capital City Freeway , the sheriff 's department said.Robert `` Bob '' French , a 21-year veteran of the department , died on the way to the hospital , Sheriff Scott Jones said . One CHP officer was treated for their injury and is expected to be released soon . The other officer will undergo surgery for non-life-threatening injuries , CHP said.At least three people were detained in connection with the shooting , according CHP . One suspect , a 31-year-old man likely from the Bay Area , was injured in a gun battle . They were taken to the hospital in critical condition.TIMELINE OF EVENTSThe Sacramento County Sheriff 's Auto Theft Task Force was investigating a stolen vehicle operation about 8 a.m. in the area of Fulton Avenue and Auburn Boulevard when they saw two women get into a stolen vehicle.Officers followed the vehicle down to Elk Grove , where the two women were detained , according to Sheriff 's Sgt . Tony Turnbull.Additional officers went to the Ramada Inn in the 2600 block of Auburn Boulevard to serve a search warrant connected to the auto theft . The officers knocked on the door and announced themselves when a man inside opened fire , shooting two CHP officers through the door , Turnbull said.Additional deputies were already stationed outside the room at the back of the Ramada Inn . Turnbull said the suspect then fired their high-powered rifle from the balcony of a room , hitting French.French was shot in the side and the bullet traveled into their chest cavity , Jones said . They died while being transported to the hospital.After opening fire , the suspect was able to get out of the motel room by jumping off the balcony and running to a nearby Dodge Challenger . They led officers south on Fulton Avenue to El Camino Avenue , where they crashed the car near Watt Avenue . They then opened fire on officers again at the crash site and was hit by deputies ' gunfire , according to Turnbull.The suspect was detained at the scene and taken to the hospital , where they are listed in critical condition.Tactical teams were in place and searching the three-story motel for hours after the shootings . Deputies believed at least two other suspects were still inside , according to tips . However by 6 p.m. , the motel was deemed safe and no other suspects were found.Investigators are not looking for other suspects in connection to the car thefts nor the shooting . No other information about the three people detained was available . `` We know with a lot of the narrative that 's going on these days that people have reason to shoot at us , '' Turnbull said . `` Some of the reasons are that they do n't want to go back to jail or they do n't want to go back to prison . Officers on the streets are dealing with this every day . You just do n't know what 's going to happen , and especially in this incident , you do n't know what 's behind a closed door . `` Sacramento County sheriff 's deputies , probation officers , Sacramento police officers and California Highway Patrol officers had closed several streets in the area during the investigation . By 9 p.m. , Fulton Avenue and Auburn Boulevard were reopened in a limited manner , Turnbull said.El Camino High School and Arcade Middle School were under a shelter-in-place order during the incidents . Nearby El Camino High School was released at its normally scheduled time.Detectives are expected to be at the motel and the crash site well into Thursday as they continue to investigate , Turnbull said.THE OFFICERSFrench , 52 , is survived by their girlfriend , three adult children , grandchildren and their sister , Jones said . They had worked on a variety of assignments during their tenure at the sheriff 's department.French was currently assigned the north patrol and was a training officer . `` ( French was ) responsible for training new officers on patrol and very well respected , '' Turnbull said . `` A go-to guy for advice and counsel . Not just for career advice , but tactical advice and things like that . ( He was ) very well respected . `` On Wednesday evening , French was honored in a procession of law enforcement as their body was transported from the hospital.No additional details about the injured CHP officers have been released , but Turnbull said the officers involved have a lot of experience . `` Clearly , it 's tough , '' Jones said . `` We have a great community here . It 's not often when are forced to prove it and have everyone come together . Those CHP officers still need our prayers , our officer 's family needs prayers and support . `` `` It 's the most difficult thing a department can go through , '' Turnbull said . `` It 's not just our department . I mean , we lost a deputy sheriff , but the entire community -- all agencies -- lost a brother officer . And that 's just something you do n't come back from . `` Six Sacramento County sheriff 's deputies were involved in the shootouts with the suspect . They have been placed on administrative leave.WITNESS ACCOUNTNick Cruz was staying at the Ramada Inn and was about to check out when they heard gunshots at the motel . They looked outside to see officers shooting at someone , and a person then walked with an AK-style assault rifle . That person got into a gray Dodge Challenger and drove off.Witnesses told KCRA 's Kevin Oliver that they heard multiple shots fired in the area.No additional details have been released .
How to have a Successful Day Fly Fishing in High , Stained Rivers
During spring there are several ways to catch trout in a filthy blown out river , you just have to know how . I will outline several ways to turn what could be a slow day , into a day ending with you signing autographs at the boat launch for your new found river fans . Whether you are heading out in the early spring runoff , or after a torrential summer storm that turned the river into a scene from charlie and the chocolate factory , there are always ways to catch trout .
Where to Find the Fish
The first place I would look to score trout in low visibility , would be in slow pockets and eddies . A wide piling on the downstream side of a bridge would offer a great holding area . String up an indicator and drift it along the slow foam lines and seams in the eddies . I would recommend using a double nymph rig setup . The fish will often stack in these areas while they attempt to acclimate to the changing water conditions . Do n't bother fishing fast riffle water and your typical clear water areas . These fish ca n't see , so you need to keep the fly in their face as long as possible . The fish in this slow stuff will be easiest to target . Try slight jigging , or shaking of your rod to to convince the fish to strike . This is effective for two reasons : You are using the trout 's lateral line ( an organ in fish used to detect movement and vibration in the surrounding water ) to your advantage , and it will in my opinion , often encourage a reaction strike from a fish that is n't even actively feeding . Its like running from a grizzly bear , it probably does n't really want to eat you , but when you run from it or behave erratically , the bear will instinctively have a desire to attack .
Stained Water Fly Patterns
Fishing high and dirty water ? An increase in the water flow will dislodge a lot of food for trout , you just need to capitalize on it . Tie on a bright colored nymph , or even a black one to make it visible to the trout . You might be surprised how well dark flies will stand out in brown stained water .
Some of my all-time favorite flies for early spring high water are :
Large black stonefly nymphs : High water in the Western US usually occurs just before the salmonfly hatch , so these big nymphs are likely in the area anyway . The main reason I use them is not to match the hatch , but because they get noticed easily because of their size . They have also performed well for me in the Midwest during all times of year .
stonefly nymphs : High water in the Western US usually occurs just before the salmonfly hatch , so these big nymphs are likely in the area anyway . The main reason I use them is not to match the hatch , but because they get noticed easily because of their size . They have also performed well for me in the Midwest during all times of year . San Juan Worms : High water will erode banks and dislodge logs and debris that hold worms . I have pumped the stomachs of trout in high water conditions , that have contained nothing but small leaf worms and night crawlers . Carry an assortment of red , pink and chartreuse weighted San Juan 's to keep your bases covered .
High water will erode banks and dislodge logs and debris that hold worms . I have pumped the stomachs of trout in high water conditions , that have contained nothing but small leaf worms and night crawlers . Carry an assortment of red , pink and chartreuse weighted San Juan 's to keep your bases covered . High Visibility Streamer Patterns : Often times this dirty water will put the big fish at ease and turn them into eating machines . The fish that would never consider attacking a streamer in clear water , will become reckless and eager to feed on them . Try gold , yellows , blacks and even cherry red streamers in this stained water . Target the same areas mentioned above such as eddies and pools . This is a great time to give the fish very short strips of 2-3 inches , this will ensure any trout in the area of your fly will have an opportunity to eat it . You are n't looking to cover a lot of water , you should be trying to cover the highest probability areas really well .
Fishing in high dirty water can be a little frustrating at times , but with the right know how you could be a dirty water fly fishing rock star .
5 Cures for Evernote iPhone Users
Francesco D'Alessio Blocked Unblock Follow May 7 , 2015
First , let me made a bold ( true ) statement .
Evernote is the best idea companion application in the world
There I said it . In this Article , I 'm looking to break-down why small little tips/cures within the application can bring huge value to your day-to-day activities either at work or play .
Here are 5 cures to 5 problems with your daily routine that Evernote for iPhone can fix .
PROBLEM 1 : TRUST
Aladdin 's “ trust me ” GIF
You seem to be struggling with your apps storing your information .
You hate it when your friends could jump in and see your DOB , Voice recordings of your Spanish vocab or even Cat 's Insurance number…
If these apply to you , you have the “ trust ” problem .
CURE 1 : EVERNOTE TOUCHiD
Evernote has a Touch ID system installed
The cure is simple . Flip the Evernote App up to start…
Head over to “ Settings ” > “ General ” > “ Passcode Lock ”
From here you can “ Turn Passcode On ” with either Touch ID or for iPhone 5C and below use Passcode security .
PROBLEM 2 : AUDIO MEMORY
Do you run out of memory when you are recording Evernote Audio Clips ?
Do you want more space to record your lecturers , team meetings and Granddad 's chats about the old days ?
Then you are having an “ Audio Memory ” Problem
CURE 2 : LOW QUALITY !
Head over to the “ Settings ” cog > “ General ” > “ Audio ” > Hit “ Low Size ”
The Quality of the sound is n't as bad as you think and you 'll still get a better experience for remembering those important times .
Enjoy !
PROBLEM 3 : REMINDERS SWIPED AWAY
Do you accidentally swipe notifications and forget about them ?
Do you do this with Evernote Reminders… ?
Do you forget fast after that… ?
CURE 3 : EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS
Head over to “ Settings ” > “ General ” > “ Reminders ”
Hitting Receive Reminder Emails ” will help you remember via email
It will save accidental swipes from the app and also nag you twice !
PROBLEM 4 : BEING A BUSINESS PERSON
This is n't a problem . ☺
But you are , as a business person , are king of receiving Business Cards
And… never doing anything with them… ?
And you are also the King of LinkedIn…
Would be great to sort that out… ?
CURE 4 : The Business Card + LinkedIn King
Head over to “ General ” > “ Camera ” > “ Business Cards ” .
From here add your LinkedIn account information via “ connect ”
Once you are connected .
You can scan Business Cards to get information in real time about their LinkedIn Profile .
It is very CLEVER !
PROBLEM 5 : Saving Time
You go through lots of information across your day
Do you struggle from saving small amounts of time on the train home , waiting for tea to cook in the microwave and feeding your cat… ?
Do you like swiping but do n't get to do it that much ?
FINALLY : CURE 5 : THE MINI-SWIPE
Simply go to your “ Notes ” feed
Swipe over the note in “ Cards ” or “ Snippet ” view — it looks better in Card view…
From here you can access :
1 — Reminders
2 — Short cutting Notes
3 — Binning apps
This will save you lots of time across your day !
I hope these were useful everyone !
And enjoy Evernote for iPhone .
LET ME KNOW HOW YOU GET ON ON TWITTER… @ FrancescoD_Ales…
First of all , I PURPOSELY let my washer get that nasty just so I could test cleaning methods.I do NOT normally let my washer get that nasty .
That disclaimer aside , it 's actually fairly easy to clean out a dirty/moldy front-load washer despite how stubborn that mold can be . On my first attempt , I just used regular cleaner . It did n't matter how hard I scrubbed , the mold did n't go anywhere . I swear , I could have taken a knife to it to scrape , and I would have had to remove the rubber to remove the mold . But….I found a method that works ! I already knew bleach was going to be necessary . But “ Clean and Scentsible ” showed me the towel idea .
Thus , I present….how to a clean a front load washer with a minimum of effort .
Note this is not effortless….just does n't require a lot of effort . The key to getting that nasty mold out is soaking . And how do you soak a washer , you might ask ? Is n't it always wet ? ( First appreciate my before and after pics , then I 'll tell you how it works ; I took them in different lighting , hence the different shades ) .
Welcome to MazdaRoadster.net - by Enthusiasts , for Enthusiasts !
MazdaRoadster.net is a community dedicated to owners and enthusiasts of the Mazda Miata MX-5 Roadster . We invite you to browse around and see the vast amount of information that is available to you here . Our forum-style message board is a great place where members can discuss any Miata MX-5 related topics around the clock ! Unlike other commercially owned forums , we are owned and maintained by Miata owners just like you ! We have a large following of members joining daily from around the globe . If you 'd like to share and exchange information and ideas about Miata related topics , this is the place for you ! Or you can just lurk and learn , but we would love to hear about you and your Miata experience ! Our site is FREE to all non-commercial members .
NEWS
“ It 's time to put our flag down… ”
With eight years of releases on the most respected and influential labels in the game and ten years together as unit , Ulterior Motive have found themselves in the right time , place and creative headspace to make the next logical progression and launch their own label – Guidance .
The label goes live July 7 and is rooted in the deepest Ulterior Motive history . Named after their event they ran for almost two years in their hometown Bournemouth during the mid 2000s , Guidance was a place where they laid the foundations for their music journey . Now it 's set to be the place where they build their future .
Channelling their years of experience at labels such as Metalheadz , Subtitles , Shogun Audio and Critical , Guidance is a chance for Ulterior Motive ( aka Greg and James ) to showcase their sound without constraint , to take risks and explore new ideas and to welcome like-minded tech-aesthetic souls and develop their own family of artists .
Another major moment in the current groundswell of exciting artist-fronted independent labels , Ulterior Motive 's Guidance follows the likes of Alix Perez 's 1985 Music , Breakage 's Index , SpectraSoul 's Ish Chat and Lenzman 's Northern Quarter as part of a movement of second generation drum & bass artists who emerged in the early 2000s and are now ready to develop the genre on their own terms in their own way .
For Ulterior Motive this mission starts with Guidance 001 : a four track EP that represents the duo 's widest sonic scope from the SP-fronted loose limbed analogue bassline roller ‘ The Wobbler ' to the spaced out eastern-inspired halftime odyssey ‘ Kamakura ' . Elsewhere you 'll find Icicle joining them for the ride on the gritty angular stepper ‘ Anode ' .
He 'll also be joining them for the official label launch . In keeping with the Guidance party roots , they 'll be launching the label with a sick line-up at one of the biggest festivals in the world : Glastonbury . Ulterior Motive will be taking over The Clash stage in Shangri-La from 3am until sunrise on Saturday night with Icicle , Skeptical and SP : MC .
Firm foundations and a solid statement of intent : Guidance has been in the pipedream and planning stages for years . Details have been considered , designs have been drawn . Here 's how it 's going to go down…
10 years of Ulterior Motive !
Yeah we 've been making music together for 10 years but we did n't put out anything until we were ready . We started writing tunes and started the Guidance parties to contribute towards the scene and work with the DJs who were really inspiring us . It feels right to bring it back to where it 's at now .
Take us back to the original Guidance nights . Who did you book ?
We had Klute , Bad Company , Noisia , Ed Rush & Optical , Calibre , Marky , Fierce , Breakage , Phace , Break . We had Renegaded Hardware nights , Quarantine nights . All the guys who were making the sound we were into .
Did it build up a following ?
It did well while it lasted and we had some great parties . The club , Dusk Till Dawn , had a Funktion One rig and the vibe was really cool . But it was a mad period in time . It was just before the economic crash in 2008 and loads of clubs were open and there was a lot happening . But after the crash everyone realised they were spending borrowed money , they stopped going out , clubs were shutting down everywhere . It was a hard time to be promoters . So we made a conscious decision to focus on our music and leave Guidance on a high .
Was it always part of the plan to bring back Guidance ?
It 's been something we 've been talking about for a long time but it 's never been the right time . We wanted to focus on our album first and then we wanted to get a body of work together . We 're in a good place creatively , everything is self-sufficient , we 're comfortable as a unit to do what we do and build our own audience and family . We 've got full autonomy on our music with our own label . Whereas when you make music for labels sometimes they wo n't sign something because they worry it wo n't sell or wo n't work on the dancefloor . If we believe in it we can put it out . Sales and thinking about what works and what does n't apply .
Guidance joins an all-star cast in your discography ; you 've worked with only the most respected labels…
No one 's got a completely clean sheet but we have always strived to put out what we feel is our best music at the time . Our back catalogue is n't huge . We have n't put out 100 tunes . It 's quality over quantity and knowing what to put out and what not to put out . Labels will take things they know will sell but you do n't have to release everything you make .
Have you spoken to any of the other guys who have set up their own labels lately ?
We talk all the time as friends and peers who support each other and want to see each other do as well as possible . Guys like Alix , SpectraSoul , Breakge , Lenzman , us , we 've all been around for 10 or so years , we 've studied the craft and developed our own sounds so it 's our time to put our flag down . It 's our time to make a message . We 've all got different visions and ideas and plans but we all help each other out and support each other .
Had you been sitting on these particular tracks for the first EP ? The Wobbler is a fine piece of work…
Thanks . SP : MC likes it is too . We actually had them down to work on a different track but they heard it at a Cyberfunk night , it got rewound three times and they were like ‘ I want to do that one ' . That kinda sums up everything really ; we just want to do what we want to do . It 's like going back to our first releases on Subtitles in many ways ; back to when there were no expectations and we could do what the fuck we liked basically . ‘ The Wobbler ' is actually a great example of that , it 's just a good old fashioned analogue bass Ulterior Motive tune . We love writing music like that and there really are n't that many labels releasing and supporting that type of drum & bass .
Will you be looking to expand the family as time goes by ?
Definitely . The idea is to do a few of our own EPs , invite our friends to release music if they 're up for it , start hosting events and really put our own mark down . But first we need to establish it and remind people what our sound is about and what inspires us . This day in age there are n't that many people releasing the type of music me and James write . They 're not willing to take that risk . No one wants to put out a tune that sounds 90s from a young person . So we want to encourage this type of sound and see what comes back . If there are young artists out there who think their sound fits with what we do then hit us up !
Guidance 001 is out July 7 : Pre-Order
Follow Guidance : Facebook / Twitter / Insta / Soundcloud
Last June I placed some photographic film into a tin cannister with a small hole punched into its side . The tin cannister was then attached to a clothes pole in my backgarden and left .
This afternoon I fetched the cannister and took the photographic film out . My son John scanned the photographic film and with the aid of some image software made the image negative .
The result is the picture above .
The picture clearly shows the path of the sun through the sky over the last six months .
I believe you can see we didn ` t have a great summer by the broken lines at the top . More sun shone in the month of October .
This has been a fascinating simple project that was carried out very easily .
If you want to try out the project then follow the link below .
In a few weeks time it will be the winter solstice when the sun will be in its lowest arc across the sky . Try it out over the next six months and make a record of the sun ` s path yourself .
Solar Path Experiment
Forty-one percent of American children now born to unmarried mothers Photograph by iStockphoto .
The recent New York Times article connecting growing income inequality to single motherhood has set the blogosphere humming , but some of the commentary , marred by partial or second-hand reading of the research , has revived long-standing myths about single mothers . Let 's deconstruct a few of them :
Myth 1 : You ca n't generalize about single mothers since their circumstances and life outcomes vary enormously . Social scientists have been studying single mothers for decades . By this point , their findings have taken into account just about any measurable difference you can think of and have been replicated so often that generalizations—especially the poorer outcomes of their children—are entirely justified .
That said , it makes sense to separate single mothers into three categories . First are women who were married or in committed partnerships when they had their kids , but who divorced or separated later on . They run the socio-economic gamut , from rich to poor . Second are “ choice mothers , ” single women who planned to become mothers despite being unmarried . Choice mothers tend to be educated , in their 30s or early 40s , and financially stable . Their children are usually born via anonymous or known sperm donor , though hook ups with ex-boyfriends are not unheard of . As the term suggests , “ choice mothers ” distinguish themselves from the far larger third category : low-income or working-class , young , never-married mothers . The commentariat tends to understand far less about the third group than they do about the first two for the simple reason that they know a lot of middle-class divorced and choice mothers—they may even be divorced or choice mothers—but have only viewed young , poor , uneducated mothers from a distance . For that reason , the third category tends provoke the most stubborn and erroneous misunderstandings , beginning with the following :
Myth 2 : Single mothers get pregnant by men with whom they have casual sex , and even in cases where they are romantically involved , fathers quickly abandon them . According to the best source of data available , the Fragile Families and Child Wellbeing study following 5,000 married and unmarried urban couples since 1998 , 83 percent of unmarried mothers were “ romantically involved ” with the father of their child at the time of birth . More than one half were living together . The majority of women—and men—said they had high hopes for their relationships and thought there was a good chance they would marry . Admittedly , they were interviewed during the euphoric hours just after their babies were born . But a recent article in Journal of Marriage and Family by two UCLA sociologists also finds low-income folks to be surprisingly traditional in their views . They dislike divorce , believe couples should stay together for the sake of the kids , like the idea of men as breadwinners , and even think kids are better off if parents are married .
However , the study found that in one way low-income people are not so traditional : They are entirely OK with single parenting . Promises I Can Keep , an ethnographic study of low-income mothers around Philadelphia by Kathy Edin and Maria Kefelas , gives the best insight into this apparent contradiction . Marriage is for those who have made it . You marry only when you are economically set , meaning you have a steady income , can afford a wedding and a house . Children , on the other hand , happen when they happen . Marriage and childbearing have little to do with each other . This helps explain why what researchers call “ multi-partner fertility ” is so common among low-income men and women . An analysis based on Fragile Families data found that in 59 percent of unmarried couples with a baby , at least one partner already had a child from a previous relationship . This was the case with only 21 percent of married couples .
Still , Myth 2 is not completely wrong when it comes to the part about casual relationships . In both Promises I Can Keep , and Doing the Best I Can , Edin 's forthcoming book on low-income fathers co-written with Tim Nelson , most parents-to-be had been together for only a few months , or even weeks . Those relationships also tended to be emotionally distant . Expectant couples have rarely spent much time doing things together or hanging out with friends and family . Men described themselves as “ associating with ” the woman who would become their child 's mother , not “ dating ” or “ seeing ” them Still , Edin and Nelson find that men are generally happy , even thrilled , when a sexual partner announces that they are expecting , and the pregnancy tends to intensify the association into a recognizable relationship—at least temporarily . Unsurprisingly , many men and women quickly find they have nothing in common and do n't even like each other .
Most couples break up within a few years . Infidelity is frequently the catalyst . Research by Heather Hill suggests that though women are hardly innocent , men are the more likely culprits and are often found out after getting a new partner pregnant . Researchers find that when couples have children with another partner , fathers are more likely to fade out of the domestic picture . There are several reasons for this : They may become more interested in their new child , the new mother may be jealous of the previous mother , or if the mother of the first child has a new partner , the father may be uncomfortable coming around . Sometimes mothers discourage them from doing so . Still , by their child 's fifth birthday , 60 percent of fathers continue to give some formal or informal cash support . About half of children see their fathers regularly , defined as at least once in the past month , though 37 percent of them have had no contact with their fathers in the previous two years .
Myth 3 : Single mothers get pregnant because they were ignorant about , could n't afford , or did n't have access to birth control . There 's no denying that there are pockets of profound ignorance about pregnancy or that many mothers are hard up for cash . But these factors can not begin to explain the 41 percent of American children now born to unmarried mothers . In a paper published this spring in the Journal of Economic Perspectives , Melissa Kearney and Phillip B. Levine looked at a 230 unmarried 18- and 19-year olds who were sexually active but not using birth control . Only a tiny fraction—2 percent—said they could n't afford contraception . A larger but still relatively small 11 percent said they “ did n't think they could get pregnant. ” ( The main thrust of the Kearney and Levine paper is that young single motherhood is not a cause , but a consequence , of poverty and inequality , a conclusion I quarrel with here . )
An even more recent CDC study came up with a larger number of contraceptive slackers : 36 percent of the women who had an “ unintended ” birth said they did n't use contraception because they thought they could n't get pregnant . But almost a quarter of that group—23 percent—also admitted they “ did n't really mind if [ they ] got pregnant. ” One final reason to doubt the sexual ignorance theory of single motherhood : Teen pregnancy has plummeted over the past 20 years , in part because adolescents are having less sex , but mostly because they are using contraception more reliably . In fact , most—60 percent—of single mothers today are in their 20s ; only 23 percent are teenagers . That suggests that a growing number of women know how to not get pregnant in their teens ; it makes no sense that they suddenly forget after they turn 20 .
The main reason it 's so hard to dispel the ignorance myth is because of a rhetorical problem . Researchers separate pregnancies into two distinct categories ; babies are either planned or unplanned . On-the-ground researchers find that this either/or thinking fails to capture the experience of a lot of single mothers . Edin and Kefalas , for instance , say their subjects view babies as bringing meaning to their lives . It seems that some women can sorta , kinda want to get pregnant without knowingly intending to get pregnant .
Myth 4 : If unmarried couples would just get married , they would be a lot better off . Given the shaky foundations of the relationships described by Edin , Kefalas , and many others , marriage does n't look like a good bet . But it 's possible that a public commitment—or marriage vow—would help some couples think of themselves in more permanent terms . In the Fragile Families study , 60 percent of the unmarried couples with children had broken up within five years , compared to 23 percent of married couples . It would be even better if low income men and women had been guided by that old ideal that first comes love , then comes marriage , then comes baby in a baby carriage . That idea of marriage invites couples to actively choose a partner , to build a connection , and plan a life together unlike unmarried parents who seem to stumble into accidental families . The mindful planning seems to help .
It helps , but does not guarantee anyone perfect soul mate . But then the perfect soul mate may be the biggest myth of all .
Donald Trump spoke Saturday in Houston at a luncheon for families with relatives killed by undocumented immigrants . A reporter for Vice News was arrested outside the event . ( Photo by Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images )
Vice News reports that one of its journalists , Alex Thompson , was arrested outside a Donald Trump campaign event in Houston on Saturday after inquiring about a media credential .
Thompson had previously applied for a credential to the event — a luncheon for families with relatives killed by undocumented immigrants — and was told by the Trump campaign that their application was pending , according to Vice . Thompson , hoping to cover the luncheon at the Omni Houston Hotel at Westside , showed up to inquire about the campaign 's decision .
`` A man who identified themselves as a hotel manager then asked Thompson to leave and warned that they would be arrested if they did not , '' Vice reported . `` Roughly two minutes later , without further warning and while Thompson was waiting for a member of Trump 's staff to clarify their access to the event , they were arrested by Houston police , handcuffed and escorted outside . Thompson spoke with their editors while handcuffed and said that they were never given any opportunity to explain themselves to police . ''
Maureen Dowd 's fmr assistant , now @ vicenews , is arrested @ Trump event a few hrs after Trump blasts Dowd on Twitter . https : //t.co/QDZG2ut3Qo — Binyamin Appelbaum ( @ BCAppelbaum ) September 17 , 2016
The Houston Police Department said Saturday that Thompson had been asked to leave the hotel twice . The first time , they had left ; the second time , they said , `` he refused to do so and told hotel employees they would have to have them arrested because they were not leaving . '' Hotel management then asked police to arrest them on trespassing charges , according to HPD .
Thompson 's journalism career did n't start at Vice — they used to be an editorial assistant to New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd ( who has written critically about Trump and released a book this week called `` The Year of Voting Dangerously '' — an unflattering take on both major-party presidential nominees . )
The Trump campaign late Saturday released a statement denying that it had anything to do with the arrest :
“ The campaign was not involved in this incident or aware of the details surrounding it . The event organizers were responsible for today 's media presence and requested the campaign limit attendance to the traveling pool . The campaign had no staff presence at check-in for guests or media and therefore has no further knowledge of what occurred . ''
Trump has treated the press with disdain throughout the election season , but the past few days have been particularly fractious . On Thursday , a plane chartered by the Trump campaign that was carrying reporters was delayed by about 30 minutes en route to a rally in Laconia , N.H. Trump refused to wait for the journalists to arrive and bragged to the crowd about leaving them behind .
[ Ditching press plane , Donald Trump shatters any illusion of media civility ]
`` I have really good news : I just heard that the press is stuck on their airplane , '' the GOP standard-bearer told their audience . `` They ca n't get here . I love it . So they 're trying to get here now . They 're going to be about 30 minutes late . They called us and said , 'Could you wait ? ' I said absolutely not . Let 's get going . Right ? ''
On Friday , Trump hoodwinked cable news channels into airing a campaign event live by promising a `` major statement '' about their longtime suggestion that President Obama might not have been born in the United States . Instead , Trump spent most of the time advertising their new hotel in Washington and calling on military dignitaries who endorse him .
`` President Obama was born in the United States , '' they finally said . `` Period . ''
Journalists fumed about getting played .
Now comes Thompson 's arrest — and seven more weeks of campaign-media relations that do n't appear to be improving anytime soon .
This post has been updated .
A Risky Year in Global Markets Is Coming
Like many economists , I think timing the market is a pretty hopeless task . Buy-and-hold has been a reliable strategy for increasing wealth over the past several decades , so why waste a bunch of effort trying to predict something that , if markets are truly efficient , ought to be unpredictable ? But once in a while I get a little antsy . Now is one of those times .
Looking forward into 2015 , I see some worrying signs . It may seem odd to say that , with the world 's biggest economy having recently completed its best quarter since 2003 . But the signs are there — and most of them are hiding in plain sight .
First , let 's consider the things that did n't happen in 2014 . The European Central Bank did n't do enough to stop deflation in the eurozone . The Japanese economy was n't saved by Abenomics . Forecasters did n't stop lowering their predictions for China 's growth . And two of the conflicts with the potential to disrupt the global economy , in Ukraine and Syria , did n't wind down ; from an economic perspective , they probably became even more dangerous .
In other words , none of the big risks that were present a year ago are any less formidable today . Now , the markets must also worry about the possibility of a Russian default , the resulting contagion spreading to other countries in the region ( which may already have begun ) , and the spillover effects on the assets of emerging economies around the world . And I almost forgot : Argentina 's default went from “ technical ” to “ disastrous ” in just a few weeks .
To make matters worse , the markets will face a new challenge as this year begins . The prices of securities respond to supply and demand , as well as to changes in the values of their underlying assets . When oil and gas prices were high and East Asia was riding the Chinese boom , sovereign wealth funds plowed billions into the major investment markets . Slowing growth in China and lower commodity prices will cut this source of demand ; the money that would have ended up in Chinese trade surpluses and petroleum profits may find other destinations instead .
There are potential hints at a coming downturn in the United States , too . Nobel laureate Robert Shiller 's ratio of share prices to historical earnings is close to where it was before the last crash , suggesting stocks may be inflated . Unconventional measures of sentiment are also replicating patterns that have preceded earlier dips in the markets . And the greatest harbinger of recession , higher interest rates , is arriving soon .
That last tip-off should be the least surprising of them all . Since September 2012 , the Federal Reserve has been consistently signaling that it expected to raise short-term interest rates in mid-2015 . The only question now is the exact timing . Three months on either side of June might make a difference to people who trade frequently , but for most investors the long-term implication will be the same : the beginning of the end of the boom . Recessions in the United States usually follow periods of high and rising short-term interest rates ; when the economy dips , the Fed slashes rates as well .
How long until the United States enters recession ? The last few cycles of economic growth have averaged 106 months from peak to peak , and this one is now 84 months old . A recession could begin any time in the next two years , and the other risks around the world may well accelerate its arrival .
If the United States slows down , the rest of the world will feel the pain as well . With China stumbling and the European Union still struggling to grow , the United States has lately been the main engine of the global economy . Lower demand among American consumers and businesses will be particularly bad news for the European Union , Canada , Mexico , and manufacturers in developing countries around the world , to say nothing of oil and gas exporters .
So will the markets plunge before the global economy loses its footing , or vice versa ? In the past , stock markets have been leading indicators of the economy , which makes sense if share prices are based on future profits . But lately , there 's been a departure from this relationship . As I pointed out last year , this change is likely the result of companies receiving profits from countries around the world , not all of which have the same economic cycles . If all those economic cycles do line up as the world enters a period of slower growth , however , then the effect on the markets could be dramatic .
I 'm not confident — or foolish — enough to predict exactly when the markets will drop , so I wo n't be getting much credit or blame for my forecast . But I can offer one certainty , and one silver lining : As long as human beings continue to innovate and create valuable products , what goes down will go up again , reaching even greater heights .
VASILY MAXIMOV / AFP
Pauline Hanson Inserted Into ‘ Summer Heights High ' Is Horrifyingly Perfect
One Nation leader and former fish n ' chip shop owner Pauline Hanson is used to being parodied in the media , but she 's not quite as used to being inserted into Chris Lilley creations for comedic effect . At least , until now .
YouTuber Ace Alderman — who was behind that Tony Abbott & Eminem mashup and that Canberra & House Of Cards mashup — has returned with their latest creation , dubbed Hanson Heights High .
A take-off of Lilley 's hit series Summer Heights High , the segment sees the show 's protagonist Jonah Takalua intentionally being “ racist to rangas ” while Hanson explains why they did n't “ fit in ” at mainstream schools .
The best bit , though , is when Jonah calls Hanson a “ racist bitch ” .
Watch Hanson Heights High in full , below .
Sturgis , MI- RJB Motorsports is excited to announce that Menards , the industry-leading home improvement store company with locations throughout the Midwest , will be sponsoring the No . 20 car and driver Chandler Horton for the 2017 Cooper Tires USF2000 Championship Powered by Mazda .
A family-owned and run company started in 1958 , Menards currently operates 305 stores located in 14 Midwestern states . Menards is known throughout the home improvement industry as the low price leader ; it 's no wonder their famous slogan – “ SAVE BIG MONEY ” – is so widely known and easy to remember . Menards does things right – the company 's strength and success can be seen in the well-stocked and maintained stores , the lowest prices in town , and the way guests are always treated like family
`` We are very excited to have Menards ' support for RJB Motorsports and Chandler Horton for the 2017 USF2000 season . We expect great results this season and could n't be happier to have the backing of such a prestigious sponsor in the sport of racing , ” said Ryan Barth , Team Principal of RJB Motorsports .
The 2017 Cooper Tires USF2000 Championship Powered by Mazda begins on the streets of St. Petersburg , Fla. March 10th-12th .
# # #
About Menards :
Menards home improvement stores are well known throughout the Midwest for a complete selection of high-quality , name brand merchandise and all the tools , materials and supplies for any job . Menards offers full-service lumberyards , beautiful garden centers , name brand appliances , pet & wildlife products and even a line of convenience groceries to provide a one-stop shopping experience . Whether just needing a light bulb , gallon of paint or household supplies , or building a deck , fence or new home , there is something for everyone at Menards whether a beginning do-it-yourselfer or more experienced contractor .
For more information about Menards including store locations , go to www.menards.com .
About RJB Motorsports :
Former pro hydro boat racer Ryan Barth established RJB Motorsports in 2011 when they made the switch toward four-wheel racing in the SCCA 's Formula 600 category . They quickly formed a partnership with fellow F600 racers and brothers Fred and Tom Edwards , whose company , Metalloid Corporation , produces a range of environmentally friendly fluids to the metalworking industry . The association led to the formation of the F600 Challenge Series , a cost-effective , entry level championship featuring motorcycle engines and six-speed sequential transmission , and more recently to a long-term goal of assisting talented young drivers via the proven Mazda Road to Indy .
For more information on RJB Motorsports visit our website at www.rjbmotorsports.com or email at rjb @ rjbmotorsports.com .
About Metalloid :
In business since 1951 , Metalloid manufactures trouble-free technology to the metalworking industry with a focus on providing quality products and service that will increase productivity and profitability . We do this by performing a thorough survey of your operation to match the right product to your application . We complement our products with services such as training seminars , in-plant surveys , and the resources of our state of the art metalworking laboratory . In addition to traditional metalworking fluids , Metalloid offers a complete range of “ green ” metalworking fluids that are friendly to us and the world we share .
For more information on Metalloid Corporation visit our website at www.metalloidcorp.com .
The Afghan Supreme Court upholds a criminal conviction for “ blasphemy : ”
KABUL , Afghanistan — Afghanistan 's Supreme Court has upheld a 20-year sentence for an Afghan university student journalist accused of blasphemy in a case that has alarmed media and rights organizations in Afghanistan and abroad . The student 's family and lawyers said Wednesday thay had only learned recently about the court decision , which was taken in secret on Feb. 12 , and they denounced the procedure as illegal .
The student , Parwez Kambakhsh , from northern Afghanistan , was arrested in 2007 and sentenced to death for blasphemy after accusations that they wrote and distributed an article about the role of women in Islam . Mr. Kambakhsh has denied writing the article and said they downloaded it from the Internet . Their family and lawyers say they have been denied a fair trial .
In 2008 an appeals court in Kabul commuted the death sentence to 20 years imprisonment , a decision that was upheld a tribunal of the Supreme Court last month .
“ Unfortunately the Supreme Court has confirmed the 20-year prison sentence for my brother ; ” said Sayed Yaqoub Ibrahimi , the brother of Mr Kambaksh . “ We did not expect it at all . ”
This how-to article aims at providing designers , creative thinkers or even project managers with a tool to set up , frame , organise , structure , run or manage design challenges , and projects : The Double Diamond revamped .
The Double Diamond revamped
In order to do so , I have come up with an own and a revamped version of the Double Diamond process . In case , you are familiar with the British Design Council 's Double Diamond , IDEO 's human centred design ideology or @ d.school 's Design Thinking process you might be familiar with the majority of approaches , steps and tools in the following paragraphs of this article .
Design Council 's Double Diamond , img source : http : //static1.squarespace.com/static/55fa0341e4b06660c65bd4f0/t/5642c682e4b0b633d4fcc1fd/1447216776499/
IDEO HCD process , img source : https : //cdn.evbuc.com/eventlogos/160332149/designthinkingphases.png
Stanford d.school Design Thinking process , img source : http : //dschool.stanford.edu/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/steps-730x345.png
Understanding people
According to Don Norman , the human centred design process starts with a good understanding of people and the needs that the design is intended to meet . Various companies , organisations and educational institutions have taken on this challenge and have therefore come up with models in order to provide structure to the process of human centred design or design thinking .
Chilli Con Carne and the Double Diamond
When you cook a chilli con carne for the first time , you might start off with a recipe that appeals to you . Once you have burned your tongue a couple of times , you either go easy on the spices , or you even spice it up as you ca n't get enough of the burning . Generally speaking , you tweak the original recipe to your own needs and taste .
…tweak the original recipe to your own needs and taste…
That 's what I have done to the design process during my previous months trying to master Digital Experience Design at Hyper Island .
As a starting point for my dish , I am using the Double Diamond process , originally released by the British Design Council . I like this framework for its structure , clarity and dynamic .
Point of departure and basics
The core question in almost any creative or design project is how to get from point A – “ Do n't know ” or “ Could be ” – to point B – “ Do know ” or “ Should be ” . This process might seem finite and straightforward at first sight .
In reality , it is a never ending process , as creativity is the habit of continually doing things in new ways to make a positive difference to our life ( Hyper Island , 2016 ) .
…creativity is the habit of continually doing things in new ways to make a positive difference to our life ( Hyper Island , 2016 ) .
The Double Diamond is a structured design approach to tackle challenges in four phases :
Discover /Research— insight into the problem ( diverging ) Define/Synthesis — the area to focus upon ( converging ) Develop/ Ideation— potential solutions ( diverging ) Deliver /Implementation— solutions that work ( converging )
Phases of this process are either diverging or converging . During a diverging phase , you try to open up as much as possible without limiting yourself , whereas a converging phase focuses on condensing and narrowing your findings or ideas .
If you google the Double Diamond you are bound to find various interpretations and also varying wordings . I am going to stick to the version above as its wording allows flexibility and agility in its application in my opinion . Or in other words , it is the most appealing recipe to me .
The four phases of the Double Diamond may be simplified and merged into two main stages of the process .
Good morning , ladies and gentlemen . . .Mrs . Gonzo and I are off for a fun , exciting day at the world-famous San Diego Zoo , but before that , I wondered about exactly how low Donovan McNabb 's 39-yard passing performance ranked in the annals of Vikings history .
It was n't the worst passing performance in team history . . .in fact , the Vikings have had seven passing performances in team history that were worse , according to the good folks at Pro Football Reference . The sad thing ?
In the seven games in Minnesota Vikings ' history where they put up a worse passing performance , they have a record of 5-2 . Here are those games .
November 11 , 1971 vs Green Bay - 5 completions , 11 attempts , 21 yards passing ( Vikings win , 3-0 )
December 11 , 1971 vs Detroit - 4 completions , 15 attempts , 21 yards passing ( Vikings win , 29-10 )
October 15 , 1967 at Green Bay - 2 completions , 11 attempts , 25 yards passing ( Vikings win , 10-7 )
October 4 , 1976 vs Pittsburgh - 4 completions , 11 attempts , 26 yards passing ( Vikings win , 17-6 )
December 16 , 1962 at Baltimore - 8 completions , 24 attempts , 26 yards passing ( Vikings lose , 42-17 )
October 26 , 1970 vs Los Angeles Rams - 5 completions , 9 attempts , 26 yards passing ( Vikings win , 13-3 )
December 21 , 2006 at Green Bay - 10 completions , 20 attempts , 27 yards passing ( Vikings lose , 9-7 )
I do n't think Donovan McNabb is going to have another performance like they had on Sunday this year . . .and if they do , it 's going to be time for the Christian Ponder era to begin , because Minnesota ca n't handle much more of this .
Bandar is a spritely 86-year-old with an encyclopedic knowledge of the bones . “ Sixty years at Ocean Beach , I 've been decapitating dead marine mammals , ” they say .
For most of their life , Bandar searched local beaches for dead sea lions and seals and removed the heads . As a volunteer with the California Academy of Sciences , they worked under its scientific collection permit from the state . The more exotic animals in their collection came from local zoos after the animals died .
Cleaning skulls is not for the faint of heart . “ I remove as much flesh as possible , ” they say . “ Put them in bucket of water . Put them in a warm spot and leave it to sit there for weeks and the bacterial action removes all the organic material . ”
Bandar 's fascination with the natural world began as a kid growing up in San Francisco , when they collected snakes and frogs in Golden Gate Park and donated them to the Steinhart Aquarium .
They collected their first skull in their twenties , dragging the head of a harbor seal back to their parents ' house — on public transportation . They say they wondered to themselves how they could get the meat off . “ So I put it in a big pot . Said , ‘ Well , I guess I 'll boil it . ' And boy did it stink up the house . When my parents came home , they were n't too happy about that . ”
Over the years , Bandar attracted crowds of beachgoers as they harvested skulls . Occasionally , they attracted suspicion , like the time in Half Moon Bay when they were working on a 14-foot elephant seal carcass in front of the Ritz-Carlton .
“ I 'm sitting on their neck , cutting away , trying to sever the skull from the torso , ” they recall . “ And I turn around and standing on the beach is three cops . ”
The police officers eyed Bandar 's ratty field jacket , covered in rotting flesh . They 'd gotten a number of phone calls , Bandar says . “ More than one call is , ‘ There 's this homeless guy . He 's trying to eat this dead elephant seal . ''
Bandar 's wife of 60 years does n't mind their hobby . The two of them met in art school . On their honeymoon to New York City , they fell in love with the bone displays at the American Museum of Natural History .
Vertebrae hang next to their wife 's paintings in their living room . `` To me , '' Bandar says , `` they 're beautiful pieces of sculpture . ”
Bandar went on to teach biology for 32 years at Fremont High School in East Oakland , where dissection was a big part of the curriculum . “ Even in medical school , the students do not get what they got in my classroom , ” they say . “ I still hear from my students . ”
Bandar retired from collecting specimens last summer . The skulls in their basement will eventually go to the California Academy of Sciences , where their work will comprise one-fifth of the museum 's ornithology and mammalogy collection .
Cal Academy 's collection of skulls teaches the public , including thousands of school children who come to the museum each year , about wildlife and the natural world . One of the Academy 's collectors is curatorial assistant Sue Pemberton .
Inside the specimen preparation room , Pemberton describes the work they have in progress . “ You 'll see over on the left here I have a young elephant seal skull , ” they say .
The skull is crawling with dermestid beetles , which specialize in eating dead flesh . Pemberton uses them to clean skulls for the collection . They also use large buckets of water , the same method Bandar employs .
Pemberton pulls a harbor seal skull out of a bucket , and a putrid odor fills the air . “ Smells like the worst outhouse you can ever be in , ” they say . “ But that 's how it works . Everything kind of breaks down . ”
The skulls also help scientists learn how marine mammals are doing off the California coast . The bones reveal if the animals were sick and what they ate .
They pull out a southern sea otter skull to illustrate . “ Here you can see what color the teeth are . Bright purple , like the-color-of-grape-juice purple . ”
The otter stained its teeth eating purple sea urchins . Other sea otters have completely different diets , which they learn from their mothers .
Pemberton heads out to the beach whenever a report comes in of a dead animal ; she 's part of the Marine Mammal Stranding Network , a group of wildlife centers and museums that responds to reports . Them whale kit is ready to go on the table : a dozen steak knives and an ax .
“ Sometimes there 's a blubber layer that 's two feet thick , ” they say . “ So you 're having to get through that to get to what you think might be the cause of death . ”
Pemberton and others have documented cases where ship strikes killed whales off the coast . The data actually helped change policy . Last year , federal officials put in new speed limits for cargo ships coming into San Francisco Bay .
“ It 's what you think about when you 're elbow-deep in rotted , dead whales , ” they say . “ And it 's not pleasant by any stretch . But to know that it 's actually helping with the conservation and protection of all the whales that come after that , it makes all really worthwhile . ”
Cal Academy 's exhibit of skulls , featuring Ray Bandar 's work , opens to the public on May 16 .
Ms. Ryan said that La'Shaun had told them why their mother was so upset . “ There was an argument about cheating , that their stepfather was cheating on their mother , ” Ms. Ryan said . On the short ride from their apartment in Newburgh to the boat ramp , La'Shaun told Ms. Ryan , their mother had called an older relative and said , “ I 'm sorry , I 'm going to do something crazy , you have to forgive me . ”
Ms. Ryan said La'Shaun had told them that the call had ended with the older relative saying they were going to dial 911 .
The police sent officers to the apartment , but it was too late . Ms. Armstrong had already piled the children into the middle row and was on the way to what the mayor , Nicholas Valentine , called “ a tragedy in this city that I would say is second to none . ”
Photo
Ms. Ryan , who described themselves as a “ stay-at-home mom ” who was on the way to see relatives in Fishkill , N.Y. , said La'Shaun was clear about what had happened . They said they told them that Ms. Armstrong had grabbed the children as the minivan rolled into the water and said , “ If I 'm going to die , you 're going to die with me. ” They said that La'Shaun broke free , rolled down the window and swam out .
They also told them that their mother tried to stop the tragedy that was playing out , but it was too late . They said that as the minivan began sinking Ms. Armstrong said , “ Oh , my God , I made a mistake , I made a mistake. ” They said they tried to shift into reverse . But the minivan was too far into the water to go back .
Ms. Armstrong 's neighbors said they had loaded the children into the minivan after a vicious argument with the father of the three youngest children , identified by the police as Jean Pierre , 26 . They had been their high school prom date and had worked in a fast-food restaurant , neighbors said .
Mr. Pierre , by some accounts , had helped Ms. Armstrong with the responsibilities of caring for four children on limited means . But there were tensions between the two : Mr. Pierre did not live with Ms. Armstrong .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ From the outside , it looked perfect , ” said Sharon Ramirez , 22 , a neighbor and friend of Ms. Armstrong . “ But there were a lot of things going on . They had a rocky relationship. ” Ms. Ramirez was certain of that because , they said , they had carried on a three-month relationship with Mr. Pierre last year , when Ms. Armstrong was pregnant with Lainaina .
The first sign of the tragedy involved the argument at Ms. Armstrong 's apartment on a hardscrabble block in the center of Newburgh , about 60 miles north of Manhattan . The police chief , Michael Ferrara , said that a relative of Ms. Armstrong 's had called 911 around 7:30 p.m. , saying that Ms. Armstrong was “ involved in a domestic dispute. ” Chief Ferrara said the caller described hearing “ tussling in the background ” during a call from Ms. Armstrong .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
An aunt of Ms. Armstrong , Angie Gilliam , said they had called 911 after Ms. Armstrong phoned their father , who was at Ms. Gilliam 's house . Ms. Gilliam said they could hear “ the kids screaming. ” Ms. Armstrong , according to Ms. Gilliam , said there was a dispute with Mr. Pierre .
“ Things did n't sound good , ” Ms. Gilliam said .
They and Ms. Armstrong 's father were so concerned that they drove to the apartment , arriving there to find the police officers who had been sent in response to their call , but no one else .
“ It was too late , ” they said .
The police said it was the first time they had been sent to the apartment since Ms. Armstrong moved there last year . The police also said Mr. Pierre had no criminal history of domestic violence . Chief Ferrara said that the police had questioned Mr. Pierre but that no charges had been filed .
Photo
Ms. Ramirez , who said they had had the relationship with Mr. Pierre , said they had met them when Mr. Pierre 's sister lived in Ms. Armstrong 's apartment before Ms. Armstrong and the children moved there a year ago . Ms. Ramirez said that Mr. Pierre told them they had children but denied that they still had a relationship with their mother .
One neighbor , Steve Sheehan , said Mr. Pierre and Ms. Armstrong did things as a couple , recalling how , in the warm-weather months , they would barbecue on a grill set up on the sidewalk .
But their landlord , John Boubaris , said that twice in the last year they had asked them to change the locks to keep Mr. Pierre out . The last time was two months ago , they said .
“ She said they do n't want them here , ” Mr. Boubaris recalled , adding , “ He was here all the time . ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Still , the day that ended in death at the bottom of the river started with no sign of trouble . Mr. Sheehan said Ms. Armstrong and Mr. Pierre had loaded the children into the minivan in the morning . They would often go out to buy groceries or to do laundry . “ It was a normal day , ” Mr. Sheehan said .
Mr. Boubaris said they stopped by the apartment in the early afternoon . Ms. Armstrong was home with their son Landen , they said . They said Ms. Armstrong had been looking for a job and complained that it was hard to find baby sitters so they could work .
As for La'Shaun , the county agency responsible for child welfare issued a statement that said they were safe . Ms. Gilliam , Ms. Armstrong 's aunt , said they were “ fine . ”
“ He 'll be staying with me , ” they said .
Later , Ms. Gilliam and four family members went to the river , next to the ramp that Ms. Armstrong drove down . The relatives placed three stuffed animals and three white balloons on the concrete seawall . Then they sat down . Ms. Gilliam wept , and the others huddled around them
“ She 's a good mother , ” Ms. Gilliam said . “ Just because they drove a car ... ” Them voice trailed off . Then they said , “ Nobody knows what my niece went through . ”
A six-pack of Canes football notes on a Thursday , plus a bonus basketball item :
• Mark Richt , 16-4 and winner of 12 in a row through 20 games of their UM tenure , has been through enough big games that they are n't prone to hyperbole . But they are n't underselling the importance of Saturday 's Virginia Tech game to their players , not branding this as just another game .
“ I told the team I came back to the U for this kind of game , ” they told WQAM 's Joe Zagacki and Don Bailey Jr. on Hurricane Hotline . “ You came to the U for this kind of game . We have put ourselves in position for this moment . We need to seize the moment .
“ We 're playing a really good team . These guys are excellent . [ Retired coach Frank ] Beamer had a wonderful program . [ New coach ] Justin Fuentes is the real deal as a coach , has taken what Frank had to fit their style , but they had a lot of good pieces in place and they are recruiting well . It 's a wonderful place to be to play football [ Blacksburg , Va. ] . We 're playing a team that 's highly motivated and very talented and well coached . It 's going to be an unbelievable challenge for us . ”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
• If you missed this , Artur Sitkowski , rated the sixth best quarterback in the 2018 class by Rivals , decommitted from UM and flipped to Rutgers . Sitkowski , from New Jersey , is playing at IMG Academy in Bradenton this season .
SHARE COPY LINK Miami coach Mark Richt reflects on victory over UNC on Saturday , Oct. 28 , 2017 .
“ I want to thank Coach Richt and their staff for believing in me , giving me an opportunity to play football at the next level , as well as their continuous support , ” Sitkowski said . “ I 've had many sleepless and thoughful nights throughout this process and I 'm ready to turn a new page for the next chapter in my life . In my heart I believe that I can not let the opportunity to play for my ` Hometown School ' slip past me . I believe in this program and I am announcing today my commitment to Rutgers University . ”
Sitkowski told Rivals ' Adam Friedman : “ I just wanted to come home and build the program . We 're going to keep in-state talent at home and build a future for Rutgers . ”
This is no slight at Sitkowski , but I do n't regard this as an enormous loss for UM , because if N'Kosi Perry is as good as advertised , Sitkowski might not have played more than one year at UM . And the Hurricanes have the cache to land another high-end quarterback in the next couple of years .
• One reason why Richt really appreciates linebacker Shaquille Quarterman – beyond their high-level performance – is this :
“ He loves the game , they love chasing the ghost of the past , ” Richt said . “ He understands the tradition of the Miami defense and the tradition of the linebacker position at the U and what it should look like . That 's what drives them to be as great as the greatest players to play college football . That 's a tall order . ”
SHARE COPY LINK UM quarterback Malik Rosier discusses UNC on Oct. 25 , 2017 .
• UM privately believes freshmen defensive ends Jon Garvin and Deonte Johnson have first-round draft pick potential .
“ DJ Johnson comes all the way from Sacramento because he 's watched enough 30 for 30s that they want to be one of those guys , ” Richt said , referring to Johnson 's comments that they watched the two 30 for 30 films on UM . “ He 's going to be one of those guys . ”
Said defensive line coach Craig Kuligowski : “ We have four defensive ends that I feel are playing like starters , we have three defensive tackles I feel are playing like starters , another defensive tackle who is a supreme backup . We have three freshmen ( DJ Johnson , Jon Garvin , [ tackle ] Jon Ford ) that have potential to be superstars someday , certainly are not at this time .
“ But they all are very , very good prospects and have done a good job when they 've been able to get in a game . The top two is so tough to crack for these guys - last year if we were in the same situation these guys would have been playing , all the freshmen would have been playing a lot , probably starting a couple of games .
• Among the reasons Richt really likes defensive coordinator Manny Diaz : “ Our defense has always been really good disguising their formations . It 's tough to tell what they 're in pre snap [ during practice ] . The way coach Diaz has been disguising things has been great .
“ Manny knows what a Miami defense should look like . Manny saw it growing up . They know what it looks like . They and the staff have done a wonderful job getting the guys starting to play like that . ”
Diaz has made the point that some of UM 's defensive stats can be misleading . One example :
UM is ranked sixth in the ACC in pass defense , yielding 197.7 per game . But UM is ranked first in the ACC and third nationally in passing efficiency defense , which takes into account lots of other factors . All four remaining Power 5 unbeatens are in the top 10 ( Wisconsin first , Alabama sixth , Georgia eighth ) . The top 10 teams in passing efficiency defense have an overall record of 60-12 .
• Defensive end Chad Thomas , the only remaining five-star player in the program , has a chance to end their senior year with their most impactful month over their final five to six games . Their stats are modest ( 16 tackles , seven for loss , two sacks ) , but UM says he 's doing exactly what Miami needs from him .
“ I am so proud of Chad , ” Richt told Zagacki and Bailey . “ This guy is so locked into wanting to be great . ”
Richt , incidentally , has had Bennie Blades and Russell Maryland speak to players in recent weeks .
• New 5-6 UM point guard Chris Lykes is going to be really fun to watch . Have they felt underestimated because of their size ?
“ Definitely , ” said Lykes , who will be used off the bench this season . “ It 's not going to change . Whatever level I get to , it 's not going to change . People have been doubting me since middle school . I am looking forward to the challenge . I love proving people wrong . ”
How is their height an advantage ? “ I am lower to the ground , ” they said . “ I feel I am in the top tier when it comes to speed , going off the dribble . Guys do n't like shorter guards who are under them when they 're dribbling . It would make me uncomfortable if I had someone pressuring me at all time . I 'm going to use my size as an advantage . I 'm not grounded . I can get up there with those guys . ”
Lykes said they picked Miami because “ there have been a lot of guards here under six foot , most recently Shane Larkin . They use a lot of ball screens . Ball screens in college will help me make plays . I feel the coaching staff here really believes in me and my abilities . Coach [ Jim ] Larranaga tells me every day they feel my size is an advantage and never look at it as a disadvantage . Hearing that from them makes me feel confident about myself , and I appreciate it . ”
Lykes , who committed to UM before five-star guard Lonnie Walker did , said : “ I tried to do everything I could to sell Miami as a school for him . I guess it worked out . I committed way earlier . When they committed , I tried to even take credit for it .
“ His athleticism and their ability to shoot the ball [ are excellent ] . Their first step is really quick . They can pump fake and get by you . Their defensive potential is off the charts . I 'm really glad to be playing with him . ”
( This article was originally posted in Boost.re 's official blog )
Starting a blog for your company ? There is something you need to know .
You set up a blog because you know it can drive sales . Now what ?
After reading all the advice on how to create/migrate-to an online business , you decided you needed a blog for your company .
Therefore :
You 're ready to rumble and… oh wait ! One small detail , to drive sales , you need quality traffic , how are you going to do that if you only have 2000 fans on Facebook and around 500 followers on Twitter ?
A business blog is an investment , it costs money and time , and you should expect a ROI from it .
Creating a business blog means creating a new channel of acquisition . And as any other channel , it needs proper marketing tools and KPIs .
Remember , a business blog is great when it is about delivering information to help people feel/become better at something they care about .
First of all , avoid the SEO trap
You probably did n't discover this article through any Search Engine . Nevertheless , you 're here , reading it , and ( I hope ) finding it useful .
SEO is easy to sell as a concept , it is based on the motto : “ if you build it , they will come. ” So you just have to create your content , sit back and relax , right ?
The SEO trap : always having to please Google 's whims
From my personal experience , if you 're just starting a business blog , you SHOULD forget about SEO .
If you are creating it in order to have organic traffic from Google , you 're probably wasting your time ( unless you have deep pockets and spare time ) .
A lot of big companies , with established domains , are spending big bucks to be the top search results .
Competing with them , even if possible , will take a lot of your precious time and money .
At the beginning , it is better to focus on your sales by driving quality traffic to your website/blog by other means , the SEO will take care of itself .
If you fall for the SEO trap , you will find yourself :
trying to please Google 's whims ,
obliged to create content consistently , sometimes several posts per day , crafted for robots -not for humans- ,
desperately looking for backlinks from other websites .
Did you notice that it has nothing to do with sales ?
Would n't it be awesome instead if :
you could just create the right content for your audience ,
you can create it at your own pace ,
you are not pressured by time or frequency ,
yet you always receive quality traffic each time you hit the “ publish ” button ?
Well , it IS possible thanks to services like Boost .
Solve the creation/distribution dilemma
It might seem intuitive , but when you 're starting a business blog , you wo n't be able to do everything by yourself : finding leads , creating content , distributing it ...
The magic happens when you learn to outsource what you can actually outsource .
Thus , you will have to make some decisions on what makes more sense for your company .
Explore the interwebs to find distribution channels
If you decide to do your own content distribution , you 'll need to know how the Internet works nowadays .
There are thousands of websites in which you can advertise your company 's blog . The real secret is to know where and how to do it effectively .
You will probably want to stick to what you know , it is normal , and sometimes it will get you good results .
Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest , are great source of visitors for your content . But , because they 're well-known , they are also plagued with spammers and competition .
This means that getting your message out there will take a lot of effort , finding techniques no one has tried before .
Despite the fun of creativity , it will take a lot of your daily time to constantly come up with different techniques .
To be a successful digital entrepreneur , you will have to get out of your comfort zone and try new platforms , new ways of communicating with your audience .
Out there , there are some great underutilized platforms that can bring a lot of value , not only to your company , but to your own personal development .
This list gives a fair picture of the best platforms available to distribute your content .
You can also look for “ specialized ” forums that have an engaged audience .
Up till now , Tesla ( TSLA ) has had the market for high-end greenmobiles pretty much to itself . But that first-mover advantage is ending .
BMW has just rolled out the head-snapping i8 , a plug-in supercar that will test just how much big spenders are willing to pay for a racer with a green badge . This real-life Batmobile starts at about $ 140,000 , but availability is limited for now , and some sellers are asking well over $ 200,000 for the car . BMW says production should ramp up by next year .
The i8 is the first plugin hybrid that really gets XCAR excited . Not only will it manage amazing MPG , but it 'll see a Porsche 911 off to 62mph . It 's truly a special car . More
The i8 is n't a full electric like the Tesla Model S , but a hybrid that has both an electric motor and a nifty little three-cylinder , twin-turbo gasoline engine . What you notice driving the i8 is that you simply go fast , whichever drive mode you 're in .
For geeks who care about the details : The i8 lets you go about 20 miles on electric power alone , and recharge the battery at home . When the electric power runs low , the gas engine kicks in , while regenerative braking continues to push a small electric boost to the front wheels . Put both systems together and it adds up to a 357-horsepower rocket wrapped in super-lightweight carbon-fiber and aluminum . Fuel economy ranges from 28 MPG to 78 MPG , depending on which mode of driving you 're in .
Nobody will buy the gull-wing i8 for fuel economy alone , but BMW hopes this supercar will attract superbuyers who want to show off their concern for Mother Earth .
“ The i8 will absolutely pull buyers away from Tesla , ” says Karl Brauer of car-research site KBB.com . “ It 's got a similar philosophy while being even more overt and distinctive in its exterior design. ” There 's also BMW 's novelty : The Tesla Model S has become commonplace on California highways and in other trendy locales , and its cool factor is fading . Few Americans , by contrast , have seen an i8 on the road up until now—but the moment they do , they 're sure to stop and stare .
BMW loaned us an i8 for a few days , and we tested it out at the Monticello Motor Club north of New York City , as shown in the video above . The car has far more capability than an ordinary driver can handle on a track . In curves , it dares you to challenge the laws of physics . Acceleration makes you wonder who put JP4 in the tank . ( Note to BMW : We kept our track speed under control , and traction control ON . ) You could spend a few hours studying the complex interplay between the two powerplants , or just grin and enjoy it .
How different is it from Tesla ?
Teslanauts might argue that the i8 is completely different from the $ 70,000 Model S , a spacious sedan that seats five comfortably , with a much bigger battery pack than the i8 and an all-electric range of 265 miles . The i8 , admittedly , wo n't get the whole family to the soccer game . It has two comically small rear seats that would barely fit a Barbie doll . Its smaller footprint , plus all that carbon , make it about 1,000 pounds lighter than the Model S , which is why it 's so agile . And Tesla , to preserve bragging rights , will soon roll out a “ dual-motor ” Model S with extra power that will make it even quicker , on paper at least , than the i8 .
But keep in mind -- electric vehicles are n't about horsepower wars . For the technology to succeed , it needs to become affordable enough for ordinary drivers who do n't have a superbudget . And that 's where BMW may have the biggest edge . The i8 's little brother is the i3 , a $ 45,000 plug-in that can go about 70 miles on a charge , with saucy handling meant to assure you this is no emasculated Prius .
Tesla CEO Elon Musk is probably smirking , because the i3 looks like a Scandinavian hearse . Still , BMW fielded a lower-priced EV before Tesla , and Yahoo Autos recently named the i3 its Green Car of the Year . Other automakers are likely to get ahead of Tesla in this segment as well , since Tesla 's own downmarket model is n't due until model year 2017 . And let 's not forget , mass-market brands such as Chevy ( GM ) , Nissan and Ford ( F ) already offer even lower-priced electrics .
Story continues
I 'll make this brief . I 'm 20 , in college , not a virgin . Whenever I 'm attracted to a girl it 's always 1-sided or they find someone better . I 'm always someone 's back-up plan or not even an option . Always been the ugliest member of any friendship group I 'm in . Believe me , I 've improved my body , haircut etc . I can talk to females pretty easily and can fake confidence . I 've had months where I 've had genuine confidence too . But at the end of the day I 'm an ugly dude & people probably find me intimidating because I 'm black . I really just came here to vent more than anything tbh , might give up and turn asexual .
I pulled this off Reddit . A young guy figures he 's too ugly , and black , to attract the women they desire . You guys have no idea how many handsome guys I receive for bootcamps that figure they are ugly , or short , or stupid , or broke , or asian .
So I take them shopping . I get their eyebrows plucked . I make them join a gym . This helps , but the biggest improvement to their self-esteem is that they do eventually get dates . But it takes work , and belief , and balls .
Validation is powerful .
I help them , and demonstrate , hot to approach dozens , hundreds of women until they get a phone number , or a kiss , or a lay . And wow , these dudes do n't feel so ugly after that .
You were given a body you can build , a mind you can improve , confidence you can grow . But what if you have a big nose ? Or a giant mole . There are ways to cosmetically fix these , or you can take the other route :
Stop focusing on what you ca n't , or are unwilling to change .
Quit fucking quitting !
Women are n't attracted to look the way that men are . Of course , women love a buff , tall , handsome man . But women also have a special filter , a filter that screens for value in areas other than your looks . They screen for confidence , charm , humour , status , and game ; that magical ability to stimulate emotions .
Women are attracted to men that give them emotions .
This is where the , “ Hot girls just like jerks , ” meme stems from .
I remember one of the hottest girls I ever slept with . I picked them up right off the street corner by telling them they were cute . Weeks went by and I just could n't get them to meet up with me . They were what we would call a nine : Young , fat butt , long legs , dark hair down to their ass . They definitely had more dating options that I did .
I 'd been texting them for weeks , and they just would n't commit . Then one day I texted them to meet up , and they were on the fence . So I said , “ But , I put on underwear today . ”
They lol 'd , and agreed to the meet , and I banged them It was awesome . Such a little waist , such a round ass .
I 've never been one to promote , “ Lines , ” or , “ Gimmicks. ” But there is power in language . Especially language that coveys a little bit of , “ Push. ” Not all pull , like , “ I really think you 're beautiful . I would do anything to have a date with you . ”
Gross .
“ But , I put on underwear today . ”
What does the above statement say about me ? It say 's I 'm willing to break rapport . I 'm not so desperately afraid to make a mistake . I 'm a bit of a goofball . This is , “ Push. ” This is game .
I 'm not that good looking . I have a decent face , but I 'm pudgy , short , hair receding , crooked teeth , bow legged . Yeah , but I 've slept with a lot of hot girls because I believe that game was created for the average guy to have an advantage over the tall good looking guys . These guys though handsome , usually do n't have game . They rely on their looks . Game is the great equalizer .
What 's your best strategy as an average looking guy ?
Approach more women !
Work harder than them .
Go out as often as you can . Get more phone numbers . Meet more women .
Go to the gym .
Dress smart .
Become a man that is worth more than theirs looks .
Learn game .
* * * I have a bootcamp sale in Vancouver BC , $ 700 off for June and July ! * * *
* * * I 'm going to London , Germany and Poland this July . Contact me for a bootcamp spot . * * *
You ca n't lead if you ca n't face the facts .
A photo from the website `` The Last Rhodesian '' appears to show Dylann Roof . ( Photo11 : lastrhodesian.com )
Not everything is about race in this country . But when it is about race , then it just is . So when a guy who has been depicted wearing a jacket featuring an apartheid-era Rhodesian flag allegedly walks into a historic black church and guns down nine African-American worshipers at a Bible study meeting , common sense leads one to believe their motivations are based in racism . When a survivor of the ordeal reports that the killer shouted before opening fire , `` You rape our women and you 're taking over our country . And you have to go '' — well , that sounds to me a lot like racial hatred .
Let 's call this sickness what it is , so we can get on with the healing . If this were a medical disease , and all the doctors recognized the symptoms but refused to make the diagnosis for fear of offending the patient , we could call it madness . But there are people who are claiming that they can lead this country who dare not call this tragedy an act of racism , a hate crime , for fear of offending a particular segment of the electorate .
I understand the sensitivities . To some , calling the events in Charleston , S.C. , a hate crime reinforces a stigma , which they have fought hard to put behind them . But refusing to call it what it is — racism — is a far more dangerous proposition . It reminds me of the early response to Ebola . American health officials were alerted to an epidemic in West Africa , and yet when a patient who had recently left one of the most affected regions showed up at a hospital displaying all the symptoms , the doctors failed to diagnose their condition . This not only led to the eventual death of the patient due to inadequate care but also exposed dozens of others to the deadly virus . When you wait too long to identify the problem , you miss your best chance to stop it .
We know what 's at stake here , so let 's stop all the interpretive dance around the obvious . Was it a depraved act of violence ? Of course . Was it an act of unspeakable evil ? Affirmative . Was it an attack on innocent Christians ? Manifestly so . Is this killer a sick individual ? In my professional opinion , yes , they are . What is their sickness ? It 's the sickness of racism , a spiritual sickness that distorts the mind and heart and causes irrational and baseless fear and hatred in people of all colors . Racism was once epidemic in America , but through struggle , sacrifice , soul-searching and meaningful social change , we have made much progress . Clearly , the struggle is far from finished , and we must own up to that fact and that challenge .
Let 's not delude ourselves here . The stakes are too high . If we do not do something as a people to directly address the divisions caused by this sickness , we risk losing all of the ground we have made as a country over the past 50 years . And certainly the youth will take cues from their leaders . If we teach them it is OK to deny racism exists , even when it 's plainly staring them in the face , then we will perpetuate this sickness into the next generation and the next .
When an event of this magnitude occurs in the middle of an election cycle , politicians are often quick to try to score political points , look for scapegoats and easy answers . That 's the lowest common denominator of politics at a time when we need true leadership . Now is the time to abandon political expediency and seize this opportunity to demonstrate what we are really made of as a people , as a great country . We have come together in times of crisis , and we have risen to the test time and time again . We are a people whose courageousness has consistently triumphed over fear . We can come out stronger on the other end of this terrible tragedy , and we can heal this sickness that is crippling our nation . I know we can . But first we have to face the facts .
Ben S. Carson is a Republican candidate for president in 2016 . They are the former director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Children 's Center in Baltimore .
In addition to its own editorials , USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers , including our Board of Contributors . To read more columns like this , go to the Opinion front page .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1LoZDbB
No matter how long the WWE and McMahon family ignore , downplay , create doubt or wait for the passage of time to realign the cultural memory of their long history of wrestler mistreatment and the science of CTE , the memory of Chris Benoit will continue to haunt them .
It 's a powerful memory uniting the spiritual , legal and scientific that casts a long shadow . When Chris Benoit murdered their family and committed suicide it was an enormous tragedy that presented the McMahon family and WWE an opportunity to correct past mistakes . The Benoit events emanated from misfortunes many wrestlers face and will continue to face . Instead of confronting these issues : long-term injuries , a historically unregulated workplace , grueling road schedule , no off-season and the increased risks of CTE in former talent , WWE have been seeking to avoid responsibility for wrestlers ' health , particularly retired wrestlers . Unfortunately , the moral , legal and scientific imperatives of the health crisis tragically illustrated by the Chris Benoit events wo n't go away so easily .
Chris Benoit by all accounts was an upstanding family man , driven to perform , technically proficient and had 21 years experience entertaining millions with their skills . The WWE fostered a narrative of their striking physical and mental toughness .
This is graphically illustrated in the WWE coffee table art book , “ WWE Unscripted ” ( Leiker , Vancil Pocket Books 2003 ) published three years before their death . The glossy photos on its pages show a bloody-eyed stoic Benoit juxtaposed with them grimacing while weight lifting , while the text informs presciently : “ I am sure I 'm going to have some physical problems down the line. ” For those readers that do n't know ( Chris certainly could not have ) , Tau protein accumulation in athletes ' brains associated with CTE is considered by experts to be a present physical injury . The text of the WWE book describes their neck fusion of C6 and C7 , nagging injuries and chronic pain and even concludes with a passage that could have been lifted from a sentence in one of the wrestler rights lawsuits : “ and we have no off season to recover . ”
Chris Benoit 's own WWE illustrated “ Unscripted ” experience very simply demonstrates the failures of the McMahon family to maintain a safe schedule , workplace and shows the injuries sustained by the people who made them billions of dollars . As the title of the WWE publication suggests Chris Benoit 's injuries were very real and their issues were also present in the WWE 's employment law failures including the creation of these conditions with the use of unconscionable contracts WWE talent are required to sign . The contract violates labor laws ( per lawsuit theory ) , and it even required Chris to waive liability for their own death : “ Wrestler hereby releases , waives and discharges promoter from all liability to wrestler and covenants not to sue promoter for any and all loss or damage on account of injury to their person or property or resulting in serious or permanent injury to wrestler or in wrestler 's death , whether caused by negligence of promoter or other wrestler under contract to promoter . ”
See Chris Benoit 's UNCONSCIONABLE CONTRACT Here
In the immediate aftermath of the incident , the critical emphasis was on their drug use , which is understandable , as illicit drugs are easily identified as the hallmarks of an unsafe workplace . Steroids , pain medications ( without prescription ) are also easily understood to be a problem , especially when used as a necessary component of athletic activity that a for profit business like WWE monetizes .
See Chris Benoit 's Death Certificate Here > >
After their autopsy and toxicology report , it soon became known that Chris had evidence of drugs in their system . The WWE publicly distanced itself , noted they passed a recent drug test and challenged the notion that drugs played any role in the incident . Later the members of the McMahon family would , under pains and penalties of perjury , be asked to testify on the illegal drug issues in their workplace , including whether Chris had ever any positive drug tests . You can See a May 2006 Chris Benoit “ positive ” test result here and see the McMahon testimony here .
The issue that would soon augment and overtake the drug abuse was the science of Chris Benoit 's brain tissue . Unlike drug use , which is rampant , commonplace and more easily ( falsely ) solely attributed by WWE to wrestler choice and conduct , the science of brain disease conjured up more powerful enemies to confront the McMahons .
With the revelation that Benoit had a brain disease now called CTE , WWE deployed its media relations department to create doubt and even the inimitable Mr. McDevitt was enlisted to fight the truth . The chain of custody regarding the Benoit brain tissue slides was to be doubted and hence the veracity of the test , the notion they had brain damage was silly because how did they get to the airport etc . etc . When a second wrestler ( Andrew Martin ) was diagnosed , the WWE denial playbook was the same .
As the CTE crisis threatened to engulf the NFL and create a billion dollar liability , the WWE strategically funded the leading CTE advocacy group , founded by one of their own former wrestlers , Chris Nowinski . Mr. Nowinski , with supreme irony as they had helped launch their career with the Benoit CTE Study ( see this Boston Globe story on Nowinski and Benoit ) . Unfortunately none of that WWE money was used to fund a dedicated CTE study of former wrestlers brains , none of that money was used to conduct outreach to acquire the brain tissue of the multitude of deceased wrestlers or even apparently dedicated to helping retired wrestlers with CTE . ( More in a future post , but this Boston globe story gives you the basics ) .
See Chris Benoit 's Neuropathology Diagnosis > >
Although the WWE attempted to bury all memory of Benoit and CTE science , the memory of Benoit continues to haunt the halls of Titan Towers . The science of CTE in wrestling may have remained buried by the WWE until dozens of professional wrestlers and their families began legal action . The science of CTE in wrestlers was marched forward in court battles involving Balls Mahoney , Jimmy Snuka , Axl Rotten , Rex King and Mr. Fuji , with their families speaking out about their CTE diagnoses after their deaths .
Chris Benoit will be ever present in WWE folklore and the fight for wrestlers ' rights : Short video clip of Chris Speaking before their untimely death featuring Jim Ross venerating him : “ I wish we had one hundred Chris Benoits . ”
Unfortunately , there are hundreds of Chris Benoits , though not in the sense intended by Mr. Ross . There are hundreds of wrestlers that were overworked , with no off season , whose bodies are seriously injured who treat with addicting drugs , who have inadequate medical care and who face the prospect of being checkmated by a latent neurological disease that may slowly steal their identity and rob them of their conscious being . You may have heard all of this before , you may have read all of this before , but the Ghost of Chris Benoit makes it Real .
As far as birthdays go , it may not be the most important number , but given all the talk of subways in Toronto , perhaps it 's a good time to look back at one of the major extensions to our system in the 1970s . The Spadina line , the portion of subway between St. George and Wilson , was opened 34 years ago today . As the city 's second newest subway approaches middle-age , painful memories of the Spadina Expressway fade a little further into history .
The Spadina subway and expressway projects were developed in tandem by Metropolitan Toronto under the leadership of Frederick Gardiner in the late 50s . The group 's detailed plan for a network of subways and expressways â including the Gardiner and Don Valley Parkway - intended to keep the city running smoothly in the era of the car . Under this scheme , the Spadina section of the expresway system would have connected the 401 with Bloor Street , taking the subway 's current route from the end of Allen Road , the only completed section of the project .
Controversial from the outset , the Spadina Expressway came within a hair of carving up the Annex , Forest Hill and many other communities and the project drew the considerable ire of thousands of residents and experts such as Jane Jacobs and Marshall McLuhan .
Originally slated to run along the central median of the proposed expressway , as it does from Eglinton West north , plans for the Spadina subway line had to be altered when Ontario Premier Bill Davis eventually bowed to the intense pressure and cancelled the road portion of the project in 1971 , throwing their weight behind rapid transit instead .
After five years of construction , the six-mile , $ 212 million line was opened on January 27th , 1978 in the presence of two subway trains full of dignitaries . Despite technical glitches in its first few weeks , the Spadina line quickly reached its rider targets and successfully boosted traffic along the struggling University line .
The new subway briefly followed the Bloor-Danforth line west from St. George then curved north to a stop near Lowther Avenue . This station , originally to be called Lowther , was renamed Spadina and connected to the Bloor-Danforth entrances during the construction phase to cut costs . In order to install access to the northbound platform at Kendal Avenue , workers had to carefully slide a historic house forward off its foundations while working underground . The house , back in its original position , is still an entrance to the platform .
In an attempt to emulate the Montreal Metro and steer away from the minimal look of the Bloor-Danforth and Yonge lines , the TTC commissioned original artwork for each of the new stops . In many stations the original artwork is still in place , though a little worse for wear . One notable exception to this is Michael Hayden 's `` Arc en ciel , '' the fabulous light installation originally found at the Arthur Erickson-designed Yorkdale Station ( he also designed Eglinton West ) . The TTC dismantled this work in the 1990s after minor electrical problems , but there 's hope yet that it 'll return . Transit Toronto has a good rundown of some of the other pieces to be found on the line .
The Spadina line 's darkest hour came at 6:02 pm on August 11 , 1995 , when a southbound train travelling at around 50 km/h collided with the back of a stationary train between St. Clair West and Dupont , killing three people and injuring 30 . The subsequent investigation concluded the driver , Robert Jeffrey , had misunderstood the signals , and safeguards in place to halt the train were found to be defective . The accident is the deadliest subway accident in Canadian history and it leads to wholesale changes in the way the TTC is managed and operated in terms of safety .
By 2015 the latest chapter in the story , the Spadina extension , should be complete . Adding six new stations , 8.6 kilometres of track and doubling the current length of the line , the upgrade is expected to cost at least $ 2 billion .
Images one and two from Toronto Archives .
Virat Kohli , Indian cricket team captain , has been ranked above the Argentinean and Barcelona football legend Lionel Messi as one of the most valuable brands among sports athletes by Forbes .
According to Forbes , Kohli is ranked seventh in the list released by Forbes ahead of Messi , who is at ninth . Between Kohli and Messi is the Irish golfer Rory McIlroy . Kohli is placed at seventh with a brand value of $ 14.5 million , compared to Messi 's $ 13.5 million .
( Read | Virat Kohli impressed with evolution of Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Jasprit Bumrah )
Roger Federer tops the list with a brand value of $ 37.2 million , followed by basketball star LeBron James with $ 33.4 million and Usain Bolt with $ 27 million .
Here is the list of top 10 most valuable brands among sports athletes :
Virat Kohli 's brand value is higher than football legend Lionel Messi , golfer Rory McIlroy and Stephen Curry . ( Graphic : Hitesh Mathur )
The 28-year-old Virat Kohli had overtaken former Indian cricket team captain MS Dhoni as the most valued celebrity brands released by Duff and Phelps .
Kohli 's career graph has been on a rise with the right-hander surpassing former Australian cricketer Ricky Ponting in terms of scoring most centuries in ODI cricket . Kohli achieved the feat during the first ODI against New Zealand , last Sunday in Mumbai .
Kohli took over as India captain across formats in January 2017 and has already guided the team to the top spot in the ICC Test Rankings .
First Published : Oct 26 , 2017 14:48 IST
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
During last year 's Massachusetts Senate race , the banking giant JPMorgan Chase heaped more than $ 80,000 on Sen. Elizabeth Warren 's opponent Scott Brown . And for good reason . The consumer watch dog agency that they conceived of and helped get running announced Thursday that it has ordered JPMorgan Chase to pay $ 309 million to more than 2.1 million Americans it scammed , plus a penalty of $ 20 million .
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) found that between 2005 and 2012 , Chase charged customers monthly fees ranging from $ 8 to $ 12 for services they did n't ask for and did n't receive . The bank collected money from customers for credit card products such as “ identity theft protection ” and “ fraud monitoring , ” even when the consumer had n't given consent .
The refund the CFPB ordered the bank to issue includes the total fraudulent fees charged , plus interest , and amounts to about $ 147 a person .
“ At the core of our mission is a duty to identify and root out unfair , deceptive , and abusive practices in financial markets that harm consumers , ” CFPB director Richard Cordray said Thursday .
The bureau is also forcing the bank to send out the refund checks in a simple , convenient way , so that consumers do n't have to take any additional action to get their money , and to submit to an independent audit of the refund process .
Thursday was not a good day for for JPMorgan . In a rare admission of fault , the bank was also fined some $ 920 million for a bad trade out of its London office last year that resulted in a $ 6.2 billion loss .
A FAMILIAR face appeared in many of the protests taking place in scores of cities on three continents this week : a Guy Fawkes mask with a roguish smile and a pencil-thin moustache . The mask belongs to “ V ” , a character in a graphic novel from the 1980s who became the symbol for a group of computer hackers called Anonymous . Their contempt for government resonates with people all over the world .
The protests have many different origins . In Brazil people rose up against bus fares , in Turkey against a building project . Indonesians have rejected higher fuel prices , Bulgarians the government 's cronyism . In the euro zone they march against austerity , and the Arab spring has become a perma-protest against pretty much everything . Each angry demonstration is angry in its own way .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Yet just as in 1848 , 1968 and 1989 , when people also found a collective voice , the demonstrators have much in common . Over the past few weeks , in one country after another , protesters have risen up with bewildering speed . They have been more active in democracies than dictatorships . They tend to be ordinary , middle-class people , not lobbies with lists of demands . Their mix of revelry and rage condemns the corruption , inefficiency and arrogance of the folk in charge .
Nobody can know how 2013 will change the world—if at all . In 1989 the Soviet empire teetered and fell . But Marx 's belief that 1848 was the first wave of a proletarian revolution was confounded by decades of flourishing capitalism and 1968 , which felt so pleasurably radical at the time , did more to change sex than politics . Even now , though , the inchoate significance of 2013 is discernible . And for politicians who want to peddle the same old stuff , the news is not good .
Online and into the streets
The rhythm of protests has been accelerated by technology . V 's face turns up in both São Paulo and Istanbul because protest is organised through social networks , which spread information , encourage imitation and make causes fashionable ( see article ) . Everyone with a smartphone spreads stories , though not always reliable ones . When the police set fire to the encampment in Gezi Park in Istanbul on May 31st , the event appeared instantly on Twitter . After Turks took to the streets to express their outrage , the flames were fanned by stories that protesters had died because of the police 's brutal treatment . Even though those first stories turned out to be wrong , it had already become the popular thing to demonstrate .
Protests are no longer organised by unions or other lobbies , as they once were . Some are initiated by small groups of purposeful people—like those who stood against the fare increases in São Paulo—but news gets about so fast that the organising core tends to get swamped . Spontaneity gives the protests an intoxicating sense of possibility . But , inevitably , the absence of organisation also blurs the agenda . Brazil 's fare protest became a condemnation of everything from corruption to public services ( see article ) . In Bulgaria the government gave in to the crowd 's demand to ditch the newly appointed head of state security . But by then the crowd had stopped listening .
This ready supply of broad , fair-weather activism may vanish as fast as it appeared . That was the fate of the Occupy protesters , who pitched camp in Western cities in 2011 . This time , however , the protests are fed by deep discontent . Egypt is suffering from the disastrous failure of government at every level . Protest there has become a substitute for opposition . In Europe the fight is over how to shrink the state . Each time the cuts reach a new target—most recently , Greece 's national broadcaster—they trigger another protest . Sometimes , as in the riots of young immigrants in Sweden 's suburbs in May and of British youths in 2011 , entire groups feel excluded from the prosperity around them . Sweden has the highest ratio of youth unemployment to general unemployment in the OECD . Too many young Britons suffer from poor education and have prospects to match . In the emerging economies rapid real growth has led people to expect continuing improvements in their standard of living . This prosperity has paid for services and , in an unequal society like Brazil , narrowed the gap between rich and poor . But it is under threat . In Brazil GDP growth slowed from 7.5 % in 2010 to only 0.9 % last year . In Indonesia , where GDP is still below $ 5,000 a head , ordinary families will keenly feel the loss of fuel subsidies .
More potent still in the emerging world are the political expectations of a rapidly growing middle class ( see article ) . At the end of last year young educated Indians took to the streets of several cities after the gang rape of a 23-year-old medical student , to protest at the lack of protection that the state affords women . Even bigger protests had swept the country in 2011 , as the middle class rose up against the corruption that infests almost every encounter with government officials . In Turkey the number of students graduating from university has increased by 8 % a year since 1995 . The young middle class this has created chafes against the religious conservatism of the prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , who wants large families and controls on alcohol . The 40m Brazilians who clambered out of poverty in the past eight years are able for the first time to scrutinise the society that their taxes finance . They want decent public services , and get overpriced sports stadiums instead .
Trouble in Brussels and Beijing
How will this year of protest unfold ? One dark conclusion is that democracy has become harder : allocating resources between competing interest groups is tougher if millions can turn out on the streets in days . That implies that the euro zone 's summer will surely get hotter . The continent 's politicians have got off lightly so far ( the biggest demonstrations in Paris , for instance , were when “ Frigide Barjot ” led French Catholics in a bid to stop gay marriage ) . Yet social instability is twice as common when public spending falls by at least 5 % of GDP as when it is growing . At some point European leaders must curb the chronic overspending on social welfare and grapple with the euro 's institutional weakness—and unrest will follow .
Happily , democracies are good at adapting . When politicians accept that the people expect better—and that votes lie in satisfying them—things can change . India 's anti-corruption protests did not lead to immediate change , but they raised graft up the national agenda , with the promise of gradual reform ( see article ) . To their credit , Brazil 's president , Dilma Rousseff , wants a national debate on renewing politics . This will be neither easy nor quick . But protest could yet improve democracy in emerging countries—and even eventually the EU .
Democrats may envy the ability of dictators to shut down demonstrations . China has succeeded in preventing its many local protests from cohering into a national movement . Saudi Arabia has bribed its dissidents to be quiet ; Russia has bullied them with the threats of fines and prison . But in the long run , the autocrats may pay a higher price . Using force to drive people off the streets can weaken governments fatally , as Sultan Erdoğan may yet find ( see article ) ; and as the Arab governments discovered two years ago , dictatorships lack the institutions through which to channel protesters ' anger . As they watch democracies struggle in 2013 , the leaders in Beijing , Moscow and Riyadh should be feeling uncomfortable .
Melbourne man faces 100 charges of child pornography , allegedly forced girls in Australia and overseas to send explicit images
Updated
A Melbourne man faces more than 100 charges after allegedly forcing young girls in Australia and overseas to send sexually explicit pictures of themselves to them by threatening to send explicit images of them to their families and schools .
Broadmeadows man Daniel Thomas Watson , 32 , allegedly created large numbers of fake social media and email accounts to pose as a teenage girl or boy and allegedly lure the children into sending the material to him .
Details of the charges emerged in a prosecution summary of facts presented to the court .
Police allege Watson even forced some of their victims to pose in explicit pictures with their younger siblings and send the pictures to him .
According to the police summary of facts , some of Watson 's alleged victims , who police believe number in the dozens , threatened to commit suicide if they did not stop demanding sexually explicit material , and threatening them with public humiliation if they did not comply .
It is also alleged Watson kept offending after they were first arrested in August 2013 and granted bail .
Watson faces more than 100 charges , including transmitting child pornography , causing a minor to be involved in the transmission of child pornography , using a carriage service to engage a person under 16 in sexual activity and causing a minor to be involved in the production of child pornography .
Watson was investigated by police after a 14-year-old girl and their mother contacted Victoria Police and said a teenage girl had been using threats to demand nude photos of the 14-year-old and their younger sister .
The 14-year-old said they had been communicating with the other girl via Facebook and an app called Kik .
The ABC can not reveal the identities Watson allegedly used to pose as a teenage girl , as police say they sometimes used the real identities of other alleged victims to lure new girls into sending material to him .
The prosecution summary of facts states that when police traced the internet protocol address of the email linked to the social media accounts , it was held in the name of Watson 's sister .
Man continued to contact , threaten victims after previous arrest
In August 2013 , members of Victoria Police 's online child exploitation taskforce , Astraea , executed a warrant at Watson 's house , and seized computer equipment and a smart phone .
Watson denied knowledge of the girl who complained to police , and said the social media accounts were used by a number of other people .
It is alleged Watson then admitted to using some of the accounts , and said it was possible they had communicated with the complainant , but that they had a serious drinking problem and found it difficult to remember what they said or did online .
According to police , Watson then signed a consent form , allowing police to access Kik , Gmail , Facebook , Instagram and Hotmail accounts . What they allegedly found was a complex web of deceit , threats and traumatised young girls .
Police say that after Watson was arrested and bailed , they allegedly contacted one of the victims again and tried to force them to send them more sexually explicit pictures and video . Watson was charged with more offences and denied bail .
I felt powerless . I felt like ... I actually wanted to kill myself . That it got to the point that I wanted to kill myself because I did n't know what to do . One of Watson 's victims from New South Wales
In the prosecution summary of facts , police detailed Watson 's alleged modus operandi , which began with Watson allegedly posing as a teenage girl and contacting real young girls randomly and asking `` if they wanted to have some fun '' .
It is alleged they would send them an explicit photo , which was usually of another , earlier victim , and then ask them to reciprocate , which many did .
`` Demands and threats were persistent and they escalated , with the accused to publish any photos or videos the victim had provided on the internet , or give them to family , friends and school , '' the documents allege .
`` On occasions they threatened to publish their home address with the material . In some instances the accused threatened that they would tell police that they were sending child pornography ( since they were pretending to be a young teenager ) .
`` In some instances the accused demanded that the victim give them the password to their social media and email accounts , which they then used to gather personal information to use against them and monitor them . ''
As the police investigation unfolded , they realised that alleged victims were not confined to Victoria , but lived interstate and overseas .
Watson also allegedly posed as a number of different people , to make victims think they were interacting with a group of friends . If victims became reluctant to send images , they would imply that their `` crew '' of friends would find and harm them .
The prosecution fact summary says some victims became so distressed at being threatened with publication of their images and videos that they threatened to commit suicide .
`` Why are you doing this ... just tell me ... you ca n't do this ... it 's not fair ... do you want me to kill myself is that what you want ... because I can , '' one 15-year-old Northern Territory girl wrote .
Watson allegedly replied : `` Nope I want u to be my personal pic buddy ... I want u for life . Until I get sick of it ... I 've kept our secrets this long . ''
Abuse left victim feeling 'powerless '
In a police interview a victim from New South Wales described the effect of Watson 's alleged psychological manipulation of them
`` I felt powerless . I felt like ... I actually wanted to kill myself . That it got to the point that I wanted to kill myself because I did n't know what to do , '' they said .
It is also alleged Watson forced a 15-year-old from the United States to perform an explicit act with their five-year-old sister , then send them a video of the act . Watson then allegedly demanded more images , and threatened to report the victim to the police if they did not send them .
Watson allegedly repeated this with a 14-year-old Australian girl and their younger sister . It was the younger girl 's birthday , and shortly after cutting their birthday cake , they told their mother what had happened . This ultimately led police to Watson .
Watson also allegedly forced their victims to hold up signs when they sent them nude pictures of themselves . Some of these signs related to football , including `` Liverpool 5 MUFC 3 end of story '' and `` Liverpool FC Champions 2013/14 '' .
They also allegedly forced another United States girl to hold up a sign : `` I 'm 12 and in da bad girls club '' , and `` F * * k me , I 'm 12 years old '' .
They also allegedly forced some victims to hold up signs in which they named other victims , which they then sent as supposed proof that they were a teenage girl himself .
In total , 11 girls have made complaints to police about Watson , but the number of children they allegedly attempted to procure explicit images and videos from is much higher .
Watson was originally also charged with blackmail offences , but a magistrate ruled on Tuesday that those charges could not be proven beyond reasonable doubt , as the photos and videos Watson was sent could not be defined as `` property '' .
The case is adjourned until March 25 .
Topics : child-abuse , pornography , courts-and-trials , sexual-offences , law-crime-and-justice , crime , broadmeadows-3047 , vic
First posted
The British army ran an undercover unit that operated a sanctioned shoot-to-kill policy in Belfast during the Troubles , it has been claimed .
Former members of the Military Reaction Force ( MRF ) said that they killed an unspecified number of IRA members and shot them regardless of whether or not they were armed .
The force killed at least two men in drive-by shootings who had no paramilitary connections and injured more than 10 other civilians , it is further claimed in the BBC Panorama programme , Britain 's Secret Terror Force which is being broadcast tonight .
Seven former members of the force spoke to reporter John Ware about their involvement in the unit , which was commanded at brigadier level , while three of them appeared on camera , albeit disguised and with their voices slightly altered .
Drive-by shootings
Panorama reports that there were several drive-by shootings carried out by MRF soldiers in which people were killed and wounded – even though there is no independent evidence that any of them were armed or were members of the IRA .
“ We were not there to act like an army unit , we were there to act like a terror group , ” said one former soldier . “ We were there in a position to go after the IRA and kill them when we found them . ”
The force comprised about 40 men hand-picked from across the British army who operated in west Belfast for an 18-month period between 1971 and 1973 , including all through 1972 .
Some of the soldiers said they would shoot their “ targets ” even if they were unarmed . None would go into detail about specific incidents they or their colleagues were involved in . Nor is it known how many people they shot . The MRF 's records were destroyed .
The MRF was the forerunner to other similar plainclothes undercover British army units that operated in Northern Ireland . Panorama said the overall commander was an army brigadier . The programme does not make any specific allegation about what or any level of political control it was under .
It notes , however , a 1972 memo from the then British prime minister Ted Heath , at a time when the MRF was about to be disbanded , in which they stated that “ special care should be taken ” to ensure the British army 's replacement squad “ operated within the law ” .
They operated at a time when several barricades were erected in nationalist and loyalist areas of Belfast . Some of the soldiers said they would drive by barricades manned by nationalists in west Belfast and open fire . One said this would happen even if they did not see anyone brandishing a firearm .
Panorama details five cases in which more than a dozen people with no paramilitary involvement were shot by the MRF in 1972 , including two men who were killed , Patrick McVeigh , a father of six children and a member of the Catholic Ex-Servicemen 's Club , and 18-year-old Daniel Rooney .
It also instances how two young west Belfast men who ran a fruit stall were shot by the MRF who had mistaken them for two IRA members .
Reporter John Ware also tracked to Australia one of the MRF members who was part of an undercover patrol that opened fire on two separate barricades , killing Mr McVeigh and wounding five men . It said that this former soldier , who favoured using a Thompson sub-machine gun , was also part of a drive-by shooting six weeks later on the Glen Road in west Belfast in which four men were wounded .
Attempted murder
This soldier stood trial on three counts of attempted murder but was acquitted . Key information was withheld from the trial , according to Panorama .
Relatives of the MRF 's victims told Panorama that 40 years on , they are still seeking answers . “ We want the truth . We do n't want to stop until we get the truth , ” said Mr McVeigh 's daughter Patricia .
The soldiers told Panorama they agreed to be interviewed because they believe their role in the fight against the IRA has gone unrecognised .
TORONTO — Erie Otters forward Dylan Strome has been named the Ontario Hockey League 's most sportsmanlike player .
Strome led the league in scoring with 129 points in 68 games and had a plus-47 rating .
Their 32 penalty minutes were the sixth lowest among the top-20 scorers . They had just four penalty minutes in their final 32 games .
“ This is a major honour , ” Strome said in a statement . “ You look at the guys who have won this award in the past and it 's pretty cool to be recognized alongside them . I 'm extremely proud to be recognized as most sportsmanlike for this league . ”
Strome is the second straight Otter to win the award . Teammate Connor McDavid won it last year .
Christian Dvorak of the London Knights finished second in voting , with Michael Dal Colle of the Oshawa Generals finishing third .
Former winners include Wayne Gretzky ( Sault Ste . Marie 1977-78 ) , Kirk Muller ( Guelph 1982-83 ) , Brian Campbell ( Ottawa 1998-99 ) , Jeff Carter ( Sault Ste . Marie 2004-05 ) and Brandon Saad ( Saginaw 2011-12 ) .
Happy belated birthday to the world wide web . To celebrate , here are 25 things you may have forgotten from your first forays online , as suggested by our readers
The open web was 25-years-young on Wednesday - and it 's amazing just how much has changed in the last quarter of a century .
To celebrate the web 's birthday we asked you to tell us about your first impressions of the internet . From dial up to the thrill of logging in to your first chatroom , some of your memories from the web 's infant years are very different from what we expect from it today . Here are 25 things you may have forgotten about the internet :
1 . The screech of the modem
Remember when you had to listen to this before you could check your email ?
Video suggested by benthom99 . There were few things more terrifying than picking up your phone and hearing SKREEEEEEEEEE down the receiver . Speaking of ...
2 . Having to disconnect so your mum/dad/cat could make a phonecall
Hell hath no fury like parents who just found out you sneaked on to the computer to play some 8-bit game . We certainly do n't miss arguing with siblings about whose turn it is to go on the computer next .
3 . Websites looked a bit rubbish
AdaminTurkey submitted this old-school screenshot of Google from around 1997 .
Google , circa 1997 Google as it looked in 1997 , two years before I heard of this strange and wonderful website that would help you find anything that you were looking for on the internet . I still remember how wonderful it was back in 1999 and 2000 when it seemingly returned exactly what you wanted , i.e . before commercial interests took over .
We feel this may be the time to remind you the website for the film Space Jam still exists , should you fancy another trip down internet 's memory lane .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Space Jam : your new favourite website .
4 . First venturing into chat rooms
Remember when being able to speak to anyone in the world via the click of a mouse and the tap of the keyboard completely blew your mind ? Plenty of our readers did .
Live Chat Rooms After messing around with email ( with no-one to send them to ) and writing über-basic HTML pages back in 1995 , my classmates and I finally discovered the Virtual Irish Pub . I 'm assuming it was one of the first chat rooms and at the time definitely one of the slickest . Eventually though , as with all good things , it became a paid membership site and after using it for 3-4 years we drifted off towards Blogger and eventually Wordpress sites . The golden age eh .
5. a/s/l ? ﻿ being a thing you asked people
And more or less everyone lying with their answer .
6 . Netscape Navigator
Its era of dominance may have been ended by Microsoft 's bundling of Internet Explorer , but Netscape was the gold standard for web browsing in the 1990s .
7 . Thinking it was funny to sign your mates up to weird mailing lists
Poor cwghost got burned by this one .
I still can not believe some of the garbage that I got in those days . I reminded some of them about their misbehaviour but doubt that they would appreciate it now ! ﻿
8 . Netiquette
Juicylicious remembers a time when “ it was imperative that you DID N'T SHOUT by using caps . ”
SO MUCH FOR THAT , EH , TWITTER ?
9 . The thrill of printing any picture you wanted
Battleships & Dennis Bergkamp One of my Dad 's old colleagues was the first person I knew with the Internet . They showed it to us one day . I was n't very impressed . I had an 8 cd-rom encyclopedia with real footage from them moon landing , what more could a boy need . When asked what I 'd like to search for , I just shrugged . `` Well ; Do you like ships ? '' `` Yeah , I guess '' Cue a 5 minute wait for a picture of the HMS Belfast to load before a further 5 to print it out . Getting the hang of it now , I requested a picture of Dennis Bergkamp . The internet was for printing pictures of ships and Arsenal legends for a good 2 years after that .
10 . The thrill of not having to print anything at all
Of course , it was n't all about printing off pictures of Arsenal legends . Pippin62 writes :
The idea of publishing something without having to pay a printer really excited me and between ‘ 98 and now , I 've earned a crust as a web designer .
11 . Dancing hamsters
Remember the Hampster Dance ? Allow Jo Walters to refresh your memory :
﻿She showed me a page of gifs of dancing hamsters with an annoying midi song on repeat . I remember thinking this was n't ever going to be a particular useful thing ( though I did like dancing hamsters ) . Now , I work in digital communications so am immersed in the internet . I do still enjoy animal gifs though so maybe not much has changed .
The original Hampster Dance has been preserved here . May it live forever more .
12 . MSN Messenger
ModetoJoy was a huge fan of MSN Messenger .
This totally drew me into the internet when I first started using it in 2000 . I loved how I used to talk to friends on MSN Messenger all the time . It felt cool and forward-thinking .
13 . Thinking you could read everything on the internet
I was going to read the internet I remember when I first heard about the internet and decided I was going to learn so much by reading it . Yes , that 's right - I was going to read the whole internet !
To be fair , at one point , you probably could read the entire internet . Nowadays , we dread to think how long it would take you .
14 . Embarrassing Hotmail addresses
Someone at the Guardian had the email speedy_owl @ hotmail.com . We 're not going to name them . It definitely is n't the person writing this article . Nope . It 's alright though , they were n't the only ones .
Will Barker ( @ willdotbarker ) @ elenacresci sillywillydumb @ http : //t.co/BDLpkhUQZ4 is my contribution
15 . Finding the whole thing absolutely terrifying
Fear of a foreign landscape I remember feeling like the internet was on one virtual street . One website lined up next to the other . And as soon as i strayed off this path i got incredibly dislocated and felt like i had to close Netscape to start again .
16 . Being surprised by the giant phone bill
Back in dial-up days , being online could get pretty expensive , which ID626656 found out the hard way .
Back in 1997 , 2 years after the internet became available in my hometown of Taipei , I could only get my access to the internet via dial-up on a pay-by-minute basis , which is quite different from what people may enjoy today . Under these circumstances , those interesting explorations into the internet soon became expensive phone bills for my parents .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ceefax : better than the internet ? Photograph : Sarah Lee
Actually , a lot of you did n't think this internet malarkey was going to take off at all . BeansYa told us :
In 1991 a friend of mine who was studying to be a patent attorney explained how email and browsers worked . I did n't like the sound of it and did n't think it would catch on .
18 . How slow it used to be
Heidi Crook , now a web designer who does n't think the internet is rubbish , remembers first logging on and being a mite disappointed .
I remember picking out a very long [ url ] from the music magazine “ Select ” . We typed it in and anxiously awaited what it would appear . It took ages and all that appeared was a large picture of Blur 's Parklife Album . We were kinda disappointed , we left the library deciding that the internet was rubbish .
19 . A time before search engines
The internet before search engines My first experiences of the internet were helping my grandfather answer The Scotman 's Factfinder Crosswords using a software meta crawler which you downloaded to your desktop and which queried a number of search engines to get you `` the right answer '' . Every weekend the desk the family computer was on would be covered in Post-It notes with questions like `` who scored 182 for 6 against England in 1982 '' and then a character count for how long the answer was . Everything was dial-up of course with a long telephone cable running down the hall corridor to where the phone was normally plugged in .
20 . Being polite to Ask Jeeves
Facebook Twitter Pinterest You could ask Jeeves pretty much anything . Photograph : Richard Levine/Alamy
Remember Ask Jeeves ? They were the man who knew everything .
Ask Jeeves - Politely mind you . When Jeeves was THE search engine we used to be very polite and wordy . 'Could you possibly tell me what is the capital of Kuala Lumpur please ? ' 'Would you know how many sheets of paper in a ream Sir ? ' ' I 'm not sure , but is the motor at the front of the car please ? ' It was like you were talking to a real person somewhere . Shame ...
21 . Geocities
At one point , GeoCities was the fifth most popular site on the web . Tackler7 remembers being impressed by the possibilities for their own website :
GeoCities was a particular favourite . I marvelled at the sheer range of interests and the differences in design - from the brilliant to the gaudy rubbish . I decided that I wanted one and with the aide of a free piece of software I built my first site - for my office five-a-side team . I remember being really proud in showing it off for the first time and it was rated as site of the month in a computer magazine , which made my day .
22 . Using a webcam for the first time
Primitive Webcam Chat I am 23 years old and I am probably part of the first generation to really grow up with the internet and not really remember what life was like without the internet . On the flip-side of that , I still remember when the internet was slow , unwieldy and basically for reading . However my first experience with the internet was in 1995/6 . I was in Year 1 of school , so must have been 5 years old . We were supposed to have a webcam chat with a school in America but it was everything you would expect of a webcam chat in 1996 - a grainy picture moving so slowly that it actually only obscured communication . I 'm not even sure the audio worked . It was however pretty mindblowing for a 5 year old in deepest darkest North East England to see other 5 year olds all the way in the USA .
23 . Huddling around your school 's only computer
Nowadays , a lot of schools have their own IT room . Back in ‘ 96 , that was n't so . Kittyand fox 's primary school had the one and their secondary school had two .
One of which was our library and it would take up to five minutes sometimes just to get a web page up .
24 . Waiting for images to load line by line
Usually naughty images .
25 . Last , but not least , the computer you used to access the internet for the first time
The first device I used with an internet connection A green text display made by Alpha Micro . Used in 1995 . Proper internet , not a limited bulletin board . I cant remember the name of the browser we had . The lack of graphics wasnt too much of a problem in the early days
We really enjoyed receiving all your submissions - you can take a look at the rest of them on GuardianWitness . As ever , feel free to add your own in the comments below .
News Washington Redskins select Su ' a Cravens , LB/S , USC By
With the 53rd pick of the 2016 NFL draft , the Washington Redskins surprised some by staying on the clock and not trading back ; instead they drafted Su ' a Cravens from USC .
At 6 ' 1 and 226lbs , Cravens demonstrated incredible versatility during their three years in college , lining up as a pure Safety as a first-year student , and then moving all over the field in their sophomore and junior years .
Notching up 9 interceptions and 10.5 sacks at USC , Cravens impressed scouts with their ability to contribute effectively across the field . As so many young players at the Safety position do , Cravens paid homage to Sean Taylor numerous times throughout their career , including this tweet all the way back in 2014 :
RIP to the best safety to ever do it , Sean Taylor . There will never be another like you . — Va-Cay 🌴☀️ ( @ iammsuzy ) September 27 , 2014
On a conference call with Redskins media immediately following their selection , Cravens compared themselves to Arizona Cardinals Safety Deone Buccanon as well , which is a player that Scot McCloughan , Jay Gruden and Joe Barry would all be thrilled to have .
Let 's take a look at what Su ' a Cravens brings to the Washington Redskins .
Football instincts and play-making skills
When it comes to young defensive players with a natural ability to read the play and get to the ball , Su ' a Cravens name would have to be close to the top of the list in the 2016 draft class . The level of production that Cravens delivered for USC was consistently high , and this is a direct result of just an innate capability to make the right decisions in a split second time and time again .
With nine interceptions and four forced fumbles in college , Cravens demonstrated a great talent for forcing turnovers , and with 134 solo tackles over their three years at USC , they are a proven run stuffer and play stopper .
Versatility
Not only is Cravens excellent in coverage , either from a Safety or Linebacker position , but he 's also proficient at blitzing and getting around blockers to the Quarterback . Watching their tape you will see them bring down the ball carrier behind the line of scrimmage .
Cravens are superb when it comes to taking good angles in pursuit , and their speed and positioning sees themselves covering a huge area of the field when asked to do so . They can cover Running Backs , Tight Ends , or act as the last line of defense against Wide Receivers .
Physicality and athleticism
Given how explosive Cravens looks on tape , many were surprised to see them clock in at “ only ” 4.69 at their pro day 40-yard dash . Regardless , there can be no denying their pure athleticism that they bring to Washington .
Abilify No Prescription
buy super Cialis
Cravens is a hard hitter who embraces the physical aspects of football , but significantly does n't often lead with their helmet when tackling . Their open field tackling skills are considered one of their best strengths , in fact , and once they make contact with a ball carrier , it is exceedingly rare for said ball carrier to not go down .
Buy Synthroid online
Tadalafil without prescription
Comments
comments
Powered by Facebook Comments
THE BREAKDOWN
Oregon
1 . Oregon
2 . Rice
3 . San Francisco
4 . South Dakota State 1 . Oregon2 . Rice3 . San Francisco4 . South Dakota State
For the second-straight season , the Ducks have made a strong impression on the national stage , and enter the NCAA postseason as a top-eight national seed . Though they were tripped up by Kent State last season , the Ducks hope to punch their ticket to the College World Series with a good showing the next couple of weeks . UO has one of the nation 's elite pitching staffs , entering the weekend with a 2.79 ERA . Sophomore left-handed pitcher Tommy Thorpe , who can get their fastball up to 90-91 , but relies mostly on a heavy diet of off-speed stuff , leads the way with a 2.22 ERA in 97 1/3 innings of work , while first-year student left-handed pitcher Cole Irvin had 15 starts and a 2.61 ERA in 107 innings . Also keep an eye on right-handed starting pitcher Jake Reed , who has a 3.24 ERA in 91 2/3 innings of work , while relievers Garrett Cleavinger and Jimmie Sherfy are elite . Cleavinger is a stocky first-year student lefty who can get up to 91 , while Sherfy has been up to 98 at times this season . The biggest challenge for the Ducks is getting going offensively . First baseman Ryon Healy has been dealing with a sore back , but is good to go this weekend . He 's hitting .324 with 10 homers and 50 RBIs , while Brett Thomas leads the charge average wise with a .328 mark , two homers and 28 RBIs .
Rice
If you 're the type who strictly just looks at postseason resumes and judges a team by that , you might not be impressed with the Owls , who went 0-4 against RPI Top 50 teams this spring . But make no mistake about it , though these Owls are n't as flashy as some teams of the past , this is a very solid club with the ability to win this NCAA Regional . The Owls have a serviceable offense , entering the weekend with a .282 batting average . Shane Hoelscher leads the offense with a .339 average and 21 RBIs , while Michael Ratterree is hitting .288 with nine homers and 41 RBIs . To me , Michael Aquino is the big X-factor this weekend . Aquino is n't a huge guy , but has some serious , deceptive , pop in their swing . They have a .323 average , eight homers and 42 RBIs . From a pitching standpoint these Owls have the ability to compete with anyone . Ace right-handed pitcher Austin Kubitza has a sick , late-breaking slider , while Jordan Stephens is n't overpowering , but has good pitchability at times , and John Simms is a tough , durable , arm for the Owls . The guy I love from this staff is right-handed reliever Zech Lemond . Lemond has an unorthodox pitching motion and consistently throws a controlled fastball 92-94 , along with a good secondary offering .
San Francisco
It was refreshing to see the Dons included in the field of 64 . So many times in the past the Dons have thought they were in the field , only to be snubbed , a lot like Cal Poly . Well , the Dons hope to make a big statement this weekend in Eugene . From an offensive standpoint , the Dons are n't going overpower you with a .267 team batting average , but leading hitter Bradley Zimmer is an excellent athlete who can wreak havoc . Zimmer is hitting .335 with 12 doubles , three triples , seven homers and 36 RBIs , along with 18 stolen bases in 26 attempts . Also keep an eye on Zachary Turner , who 's hitting an impressive .335 with eight homers and 62 RBIs . Justin Maffei is one to watch on the base-paths , as they enter the weekend with 15 stolen bases . From a pitching standpoint , right-handed pitcher Alex Balog has the potential to be as good as anyone in the country with a big-time arm and fastball . Balog has a 3.69 ERA in 85 1/3 innings of work , along with 63 strikeouts and 30 walks . Meanwhile , Christian Cecilio has a 4.11 ERA in 70 innings along with 46 strikeouts and 19 walks , while Haden Hinkle earned their fourth start last weekend at the West Coast Conference tournament and has a 1.83 ERA in 73 2/3 innings of work . Also keep an eye on relievers such as Adam Cimber ( 3.81 , 9 saves ) and Bob Mott ( 2.40 , 30 IP ) , among others .
South Dakota State
The Jackrabbits have had some success the past couple of seasons , but nothing compares to this campaign , as they look to make a huge statement on the national stage . The first thing that jumps out about this team is the starting pitching . Senior right-handed pitcher Stephen Bougher is having a huge campaign with an 8-2 record and 2.89 ERA in 81 innings . They have thrown complete games , while tallying 60 strikeouts and 22 walks . Fellow starting pitcher Layne Somsen ( 1.92 , 84.1 IP ) has also been fantastic this spring , while right-handed reliever J.D . Moore is a premium arm to watch . Moore has made 24 appearances this season and has a 1.67 ERA and 13 saves . Also keep an eye on reliever Talon Jumper ( .3.14 , 28.2 ) . Offensively , keep an eye on designated hitter Daniel Telford , who 's hitting an impressive .421 with six homers and 36 RBIs , while Paul Jacobson is hitting just .293 , but can cause issues for opposing catchers with 10 stolen bases in 12 attempts . Interestingly about the Jackrabbits , they finished second in the Summit League during the regular season behind first-year Division-I program Nebraska-Omaha . The Jackrabbits ended regular season play with a 16-10 league mark .
REGIONAL FORECAST
Image copyright Alan Cleaver Image caption Alan Cleaver from Whitehaven sent this picture of their grandparents to BBC Radio Cumbria - could it be the first photo taken with a 'selfie stick ' ?
There 's a new gadget to help you with those tricky self-photography angles - but is the `` selfie stick '' really a modern phenomenon ?
Earlier BBC Trending told the story of the rise of this year 's hot trend - the selfie stick . It prompted freelance journalist Alan Cleaver to send in the above picture in which their grandparents are taking a photo of themselves with the aid of , yes , a long pole . In fact , you might even call it a stick .
Cleaver says the photo was taken in Rugby , in Warwickshire ( central England ) in 1925 just after their grandparents Arnold and Helen Hogg got married . Fortunately for us , Arnold Hogg committed the rookie error of accidently including the pole in shot , preserving the evidence of their selfie stick for posterity .
`` It 's always been a favourite photo of the family , '' Cleaver says .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC Trending reports on the rise of the 'selfie stick ' . Just ignore the bit where we say they 've been around for about two years .
Cleaver says their grandfather was a renowned entertainer and a musician who played piano in a local cinema until their professional career was cut short by another technological innovation - the talking film . But they say Arnold Hogg , who died in 1972 , would n't have been sore about missing out on any potential selfie-stick royalties .
`` He 'd have loved the attention the photo is getting now , more than 100 years after their birth , because they were that sort of guy - very off the wall , very entertaining , '' Cleaver says . `` It 's wonderful that the rest of the world is delighting in the humour of this situation . ''
Selfies themselves are as old as photography , but until today we thought the selfie stick was a more recent - and , for some , slightly pernicious - phenomenon .
Michael Pritchard , the director-general of the Royal Photographic Society and an expert in the history of photography , says that he 's not aware of selfie sticks being commercially available until very recently .
`` That said , amateur photographers have always been an incredibly inventive bunch of people , '' they say . `` There are lots and lots of examples over the years of amateurs devising all sorts of clever contraptions . ''
Amateur box cameras of the 1920s would not have been able to capture an in-focus self-photo when held at arms length , they say , so selfie photographers then would have had to use a remote shutter device such as a cable , or else - as Arnold Hogg apparently did - build their own device .
Of course , it 's difficult to definitively prove that Hogg 's homemade contraption the world 's first selfie stick , but we reckon it 's a got a pretty good shot at the title . If you happen to come across an older one - please do get in touch .
Reporting by Mike Wendling
h/t Douglas Marshall and BBC Radio Cumbria
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @ BBCtrending
All our stories are at bbc.com/trending
I will at times place a small wager on a football game , an election result or even in a poker game . However , as to whether Steve Bannon is going to be on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's Christmas Card list , I am willing to bet big that they are not . Bannon has not just lobbed a few shells across the bow of the S.S. GOP ; they have launched a full-scale carpet bombing of the RINO battleship .
A few nights ago , the former senior adviser Trump Czar appeared on the Sean Hannity show . ( Bannon 's segment takes off around the 17:30 mark )
The thing about Steve Bannon is , they are not just blowing smoke , this guy is dead serious about replacing half of the United States Senate and House with ‘ hard-core ‘ conservatives who will support and pass President Trump 's agenda . I say ; “ good on you Steve. ” O.K . so I was borrowing some Aussie lingo there . In fact , it is pretty much a given that Bannon left the White House for the specific purpose of “ Draining the Swamp ” and replacing the evil “ RINO 's ” with conservatives .
The ‘ not-so-secretive ' war was launched virtually the same moment Bannon walked out the back door of the White House and made their way over to their new offices in Alexandria , Virginia at the Great America PAC offices . To give you an idea of how serious Bannon is about supporting Donald Trump , Great America PAC this year alone has already invested over $ 2.2Million into “ Independent Expenditures ” on behalf of President Trump and their agenda . According to Open Secrets.com , GAP invested over $ 23,000,000 in Trump 's campaign via Independent Expenditures in 2016 . So far this year , Bannon has pushed some $ 20,000 toward Kelli Ward in Arizona and Roy Moore in Alabama in an effort to assist in their election efforts .
Steve Bannon 's disdain for establishment RINO 's has not gone unnoticed on Capitol Hill . According to this Washington Post article , the “ Elitist Thugs ” are already gearing up for what appears to be something akin to political nuclear war in the coming year . Bannon made the news again today in this breaking story on Fox News website when it was announced that they have appealed to and is courting the Zionist Organization of America for their support as well . If Bannon can garner the help of the Jewish Community for Donald Trump , that would be nothing short of a Coup of sorts as it has been a long-standing practice for the Jewish faithful to support Democrats . My only thought to that little revelation is that it was FDR who made sure that Israel was put into place prior to their death toward the end of WWII . Since then I suppose the Jews felt it necessary to support Democrats , albeit the Dem 's have not been that Jewish friendly since then . It has been Republicans who have taken the side of Israel at every turn , not Democrats .
The latest escalation of ‘ Bannon 's War with the GOP ‘ seems to be over this Judge Roy Moore fiasco . In case you have been hibernating for the last week or so , allow me to bring you up to speed . It seems that the Washington Post had a reporter in Alabama ( let 's be honest here ) , attempting to dig up dirt or gossip or whatever on Judge Roy Moore in the final weeks of their campaign against Democrat Doug Jones . According to the post reporter , somewhere along the way , they kept hearing similar rumors about Moore 's dating young girls back when they were a 30-something Assistant Prosecutor in their hometown . The reporter then finds a lead on several of these young ladies and does a significant piece which Moore is now threatening to sue over . At this point , it is anyone 's guess as to how this will end up .
If this election cycle is any indicator of the future and the types of candidates that Bannon plans on backing , they may want to rethink how they choose their candidates .
If our side is to indeed “ DRAIN THE SWAMP , ” then we must put up quality candidates who can actually win an election . We must choose smart , well spoken , educated candidates with few if any skeletons in the closet . We must elect leaders whose goal it is to serve our nation and their constituency . The only way to do that is through heavy vetting of candidates and not just ‘ any old Tea Party type of candidate . ' Those are a dime a dozen , and we all remember some of the colorful and disastrous campaigns that have been waged based upon “ ideology ” of that candidate . We all want conservative , but we must be judicious in who and how we back the good guys . We all want good-guys , but these good-guys have to be able to win also without risking that seat to the Democrat when we kill off our RINO with the conservative candidate .
Steve Bannon is now officially at war with the elitist . Let 's all hope and pray that they can get this job done without affecting who controls Congress . Steve is a brilliant man and we should be supporting him . Let 's just pray they make good choices going down the road toward “ Swamp Draining ” !
XXXXX
BANGOR , Maine — Minutes before an alleged police brutality civil case out of Hancock County was set to begin in federal court , the parties involved settled the case for $ 725,000 .
The money is being paid by the county 's insurer to Deer Isle resident Ronald Eaton , who had filed the civil lawsuit against several county and Ellsworth city officials after their arrest in Ellsworth in November 2006 . Hanover Insurance Company , which insures the homes of two people not employed by the county who also were sued by Eaton , will help pay the settlement , according to Eaton 's attorneys .
Eaton argued that police had no reason to arrest them when an off-duty sheriff 's deputy accosted them and broke their right shoulder in the parking lot of China Hill restaurant on Nov. 5 , 2006 . Eaton also accused several corrections officers of violating their rights when they subsequently are taken to Hancock County Jail .
A jury of five women and three men had been picked Monday in U.S. District Court in Bangor and testimony was about to begin when attorneys for Eaton and the county reached a settlement around 11:30 a.m .
Jason Lepper , the former sheriff 's deputy who with their father and brother-in-law confronted Eaton at the Ellsworth restaurant , declined to comment after the settlement was reached and the jury was dismissed .
Eaton also declined to comment .
Peter Marchesi , who represented Lepper and three Hancock County corrections officers in the case , declined to comment about the settlement between Eaton and the insurance companies . Portland attorney John Topchik , who represented Lepper 's father in the case , declined to comment on any aspect of the case .
Marchesi said they and their clients had been eager for the trial to begin .
“ Both my clients and I are very disappointed that we did n't get the chance to present our case to the jury , ” Marchesi said .
Laurence Willey , Eaton 's trial attorney , said Lepper had been eating at the restaurant with their family when Eaton became irate that their girlfriend had left them there . Willey said Lepper followed Eaton into the parking lot and confronted them after becoming aggravated by Eaton 's demeanor . Willey said others at the restaurant were not troubled by Eaton 's behavior , however , and some thought Eaton was being mugged when they witnessed the altercation between Eaton and the off-duty deputy .
“ This whole thing should never have happened , ” Willey said . “ When off-duty , [ a police officer ] should never jump in unless it 's a matter of life and death . ”
Dale Thistle , Eaton 's co-counsel in the case , said Monday that their client was relieved the matter had been resolved .
“ We just think it escalated way out of control , ” Thistle said .
In their lawsuit , Eaton originally named several county and Ellsworth agencies and officials including Sheriff William Clark , Jail Administrator Carl Dannenburg and Ellsworth Police Chief John DeLeo . Judge John Woodcock , the trial judge for Eaton 's federal civil case , later dismissed most of them as defendants in the case .
Besides Lepper , their father , James Lepper , and their brother-in-law Joshua Stevens were kept as defendants in Eaton 's civil lawsuit , however . They allegedly assisted Lepper in subduing Eaton in the restaurant parking lot , according to Eaton 's complaint .
Also kept as defendants were Joshua Gunn , Ryan Haines and Jack Weaver , all corrections officers at Hancock County Jail . Eaton claimed that , after they were arrested , the corrections officers violated their rights by assaulting them while falsely imprisoning them at the jail .
According to court documents , on Nov. 5 , 2006 Eaton had consumed part of a large alcoholic drink called a “ volcano bowl ” at China Hill when they and their girlfriend began arguing and using profane language . They left the table , claiming they were going to the bathroom , but instead they called a cab and left without Eaton 's knowledge .
Eaton became concerned about their disappearance and began searching the restaurant for her , calling out their name and asking other patrons if they had seen her , the documents indicate . Eaton , carrying a bag of food in each hand , walked out to the parking lot . Lepper , their father and brother-in-law followed Eaton , fearing they were intoxicated and might try to drive away .
Eaton did not recognize Lepper as a police officer and , not knowing why they were being followed , tried to re-enter the restaurant through a side door . Lepper then confronted Eaton , forcing them to the ground and breaking their shoulder when they wrenched Eaton 's arm behind their back , according to Eaton 's attorneys .
Eaton was arrested and taken to Hancock County Jail , where despite being in “ excruciating pain ” and requesting medical attention multiple times , they were “ maced and beaten by jail staff several times during the course of the night , ” according to Eaton 's complaint . They bailed themselves out at 4 a.m. the next morning and was driven directly to the hospital by their brother .
As a result of the Nov. 5 2006 incident , Eaton went to trial in September 2007 on criminal charges of disorderly conduct and criminal threatening . According to Willey , Justice William Broderick acquitted Eaton in the middle of the criminal trial in Hancock County Superior Court after the state had rested its case but before the defense started calling witnesses .
Willey said the defendants ' attorneys in the civil case had tried to bar facts about Eaton 's criminal acquittal from testimony in the federal civil trial but that Woodcock had determined such testimony would be permitted .
“ We thought that was very significant , ” Willey said .
Eaton had been a fisherman but was working as a plumber 's assistant at the time their shoulder was broken , Willey said .
“ Ronald Eaton has had to undergo multiple surgeries as a result of these injuries and still does not have reasonable use of their arm , ” Eaton 's civil complaint indicates .
Brett McMurphy of ESPN appeared on The David Glenn Show on SiriusXM Monday morning and released some new insights regarding Big 12 expansion . There are three important pieces that should be addressed from .
Big 12 will add two , not four
The general consensus seems to be that the Big 12 will choose to expand by two instead of four . Early on it was expected that they would decide to bring in four more teams because that would bring the most money from ESPN and Fox Sports .
Given the recent events and ESPN and Fox Sports being opposed to expansion in general , looks like the Big 12 does n't want to burn their bridges with the two media companies . McMurphy went on to say they only way that they expand to four is if they get a conference network , also unlikely .
While it 's certainly in the Big 12 's best interest to grab as much money as they can , this makes sense given that they will likely want to re-up their contracts with ESPN and Fox Sports . They would lose some bargaining power if ESPN and Fox feel like they have been treated unfairly .
Three team race for two spots
Despite the fact that the Big 12 announced last week that they would seek presentations from an astounding 17 schools , McMurphy is reporting that this is really just down to three schools . Those schools are Houston , BYU and Cincinnati .
McMurphy , on ECU 's chances of being part of Big 12 expansion : Do n't shoot the messenger , but it appears to be 3-horse race . ( BYU , Cincy , UH ) — David Glenn Show ( @ DavidGlennShow ) August 15 , 2016
High school recruits do this kind of thing all the time . They release a “ top 10 ” of schools that they are “ interested ” in but the truth is that they have narrowed it down to two or three .
Deciding between two schools among Houston , BYU and Cincinnati makes the most sense logically as those are the three best options for football . Boise State has an argument as well but for whatever reason , they have n't garnished near the amount of speculation compared to other schools .
Decision may not come until October
Oh boy , October ! ? We have been led to believe that a decision would be made before the season even starts . Well , that does n't seem to be realistic .
McMurphy : October will most likely be the time the Big 12 makes a decision on expansion . — David Glenn Show ( @ DavidGlennShow ) August 15 , 2016
The season starts in less than three weeks and given that the Big 12 just barely announced who they will receive presentations from , it 's hard to believe they can make a decision before then .
It should also be mentioned that we are not even sure at this point that the Big 12 will expand at all . McMurphy is reporting that the Big 12 coaches and athletic directors are in favor of expansion , but it 's still unclear what the president 's want .
Customer Proprietary Network Information ( CPNI )
What is CPNI ?
“ CPNI ” is information about your phone service from us . Your phone service could be a cell phone or any sort of home or business phone . The “ information ” is things like what kind of services you have , how you use them , or billing information . ( Your telephone number , name and address are not considered CPNI . )
Back to Top
How is CPNI Used and Disclosed ?
We do not sell , trade or share your CPNI with anyone outside of the AT & T family of companies * or our authorized agents , unless required by law ( example : a court order ) .
We do use your CPNI internally , however . We may share information about our customers among the AT & T companies and our agents in order to offer you new or enhanced services . For example , we might offer a discount or promotion for Internet or TV services based on your CPNI .
Back to Top
How may I limit the use of my CPNI ?
AT & T uses technology and security features , and strict policy guidelines with ourselves and our agents , to safeguard the privacy of CPNI . It is your right and our duty under federal law to protect the confidentiality of your CPNI .
If you do n't want AT & T to use your CPNI internally for things like offers , here is what you can do :
You can “ opt out ” online , at att.com/ecpnioptout , or
You can call 800.315.8303 , any time of day , and follow the prompts , or
You can speak to a service representative at 800.288.2020 ( consumer ) or 800.321.2000 ( business ) .
For languages other than English and Spanish , please visit world.att.com .
If you choose to restrict our use of your CPNI , it wo n't affect any of your services . You can change your mind at any time about allowing ( or not allowing ) us to use your CPNI , and we 'll honor your decision until you change it again . If you do restrict your CPNI use , you may still get marketing from us , but it wo n't be from using CPNI .
* The AT & T Family of Companies are those companies that provide voice , video and broadband-related products and/or services domestically and internationally , including the AT & T local and long distance companies , AT & T Corp. , AT & T Mobility , DIRECTV , and other subsidiaries or affiliates of AT & T Inc. that provide , design , market , or sell these products and/or services .
Back to Top
Customer Service Contact Numbers
Wireless - 1-800-331-0500
Business - 1-800-321-2000
Residential - 1-800-288-2020
Spanish Language - 1-800-870-5855
Satellite TV Services - 1-800-DIRECTV or 1-800-531-5000
For assistance in other languages , please visit world.att.com .
Legacy AT & T Consumer - 1-800-222-0300
Customers of the following AT & T family of companies may contact us directly using the following :
AT & T Internet Services - Customers can manage newsletter subscriptions or other e-mail communications from Yahoo ! by modifying their AT & T Yahoo ! Marketing Preferences .
Back to Top
It 's over .
It 's really over .
Who the hell was I kidding ? How could I be such a fucking idiot ? Did I really think meeting with Dom again or emailing my old boss would be enough to win Hope back ? Our problems go so much deeper than that .
We talked about it a lot when they got back from San Myshuno . When they called and said they wanted to talk to me , I just knew what was coming . I could feel it . But I did n't wan na believe it . I headed over to the apartment ready to lay it all on the line for them Tell them how I was feeling . How serious I was about proving myself to her…
But I never even got a chance .
“ We 're holding each other back , ” Hope told me . “ Ca n't you see that ? ”
I tried to argue at first . I mean , I could n't just sit there and give up , could I ? How could I let them do that to us ? I had to keep fighting . They had n't even given me a chance to prove that I can change !
But Hope just kept shaking their head , no matter what I told them They did n't even say anything .
They just cried and cried .
And then I did too .
Because I knew they were absolutely right .
We ca n't do this to each other anymore .
But that does n't make this any easier . It still does n't feel real . Just thinking about it kills me . It kills me .
Hope broke up with me . For real this time .
And at the end of the month , she 's moving back to San Myshuno .
It 's over . Forever .
And there 's no going back .
Advertisements
A little preparation never hurt anyone , right ? So , with all the reports of flu hitting us on a daily basis , what 's the best way to prepare your kitchen ? Experts warn that in the event of a pandemic , it may be difficult to leave your house or get supplies , and their advice is stock up now .
Keep in mind that you may need items that can be eaten without cooking . The Food Channel put together this quick list of staples you may want to have on hand :
â‹… Water . Best advice is to have a gallon of water available per person , per day of the emergency . Have both drinkable water and stored water that can be used for washing , flushing and keeping plants alive . Try some of the new vitamin waters for variety .
â‹… Cans or jars of any protein â€ “ chicken , turkey , tuna , beans , peanut butter . Be sure to have a non-electric can opener ( we love the new ones that are battery operated ) on hand .
â‹… Crackers . You may not be able to keep fresh bread , and may not be able to depend on anything in the freezer . So keep shelf-stable items such as crackers on hand to go with that tuna !
â‹… Dried fruit . Bags of dried cranberries , blueberries , cherries , even prunes will be a welcome addition in the case of a long haul indoors .
â‹… Candy , trail mix , nut mixtures . Keeping some chocolate or hard shell candies on hand is a good idea to provide energy when needed .
â‹… Granola bars , breakfast cookies or any cereal product that you do n't mind eating even without milk .
And , this quick reminder of a few non-food items that you might want to get at the same time :
â‹… Bleach , distilled white vinegar , or disinfectant for cleaning .
â‹… Plenty of anti-bacterial hand soap .
â‹… Tissues and other paper products .
â‹… Batteries , along with a flashlight , battery-operated radio or TV .
â‹… Ibuprofin .
For more information , see the links below . Remember , this is not an attempt to be alarmist , and over-reacting can cause as many problems as not reacting at all ! We advise a balanced approach . After all , these food items will never be wasted â€ “ pull them out and rotate them through your usual grocery list to make sure that your emergency stores are always fresh .
Prepare for Swine Flu
Swine flu FAQ
“ FohBoh Discussion – the Impact on restaurants ” : http : //www.fohboh.com/profiles/blog/show ? id=1411008 % 3ABlogPost % 3A285911
National Restaurant Association
“ Food Quality News ” : http : //www.foodqualitynews.com/Publications/Food-Beverage-Nutrition/FoodProductionDaily.com/Supply-Chain/Swine-flu-sparks-global-health-emergency/ ? c=rHu8rSqn71E5lRw68fzWkQ % 3D % 3D & utm_source=newsletter_daily & utm_medium=email & utm_campaign=Newsletter % 2BDaily
To say the market for aluminum track frames has gotten crowded recently is a major understatement . The popularity of aero track frames has surged the last few years and because of that a lot of companies are hopping on the bandwagon . Whether it 's because the original fixie rider has matured a bit and is looking for their next fix , the growing popularity of fixed gear crit races like the Red Hook Crit or simply because people like the look of the oversized and sometimes hydro-formed tubing , aluminum fixed gear frames have really taken off .
Save 15 % Off All Orders Using Coupon Code BLOG15
Similar to the market for fixed gear bikes , what started off as a few companies competing for people 's attention has exploded into a super crowded market that is getting filled with low cost and sometimes low quality aluminum framesets coming out of a handful of factories in China . Originally dominated by the likes of Leader Bikes , Cinelli and a few boutique companies like Low ( made in the USA and Fyxation approved ! ) and Affinity Cycles , there are now a ton of new comers to the aero track frame scene .
Pure Fix and State Bicycle Co just recently launched their own aluminum track frames and I 'm sure their good buddies at Retrospec and Big Shot are n't far behind . Other players in this now crowded market include South Korean based company Unknown Bikes , the Chinese based Aventon and a few others like Throne Bikes and Aerofix .
With all this competition and a direct link to super cheap manufacturing in China , the price point for these frames continues to drop . The State Bicycle Company Black Label series stands out a bit from the crowd because it 's not being sold strictly based on it 's price , but other than that it has definitely become another race to the bottom . What 's interesting to note is that some of these companies like Aventon , are actually the factory as well so if it truly comes down to a price war , they will win .
Here at Fyxation we personally prefer riding and building steel bikes but that 's a topic for another blog post . Either way , before you invest in an aluminum track frame make sure you do plenty of research about the quality of the frame you 're buying and also about the ride characteristics of using an aluminum track bike on the streets .
For your viewing pleasure I 've combed through a few websites of the players in this latest fixie craze and the pics are posted below . Enjoy the gallery !
February 20th - Article update : Please note that we are not calling out any specific companies for being low quality or making a sub-par product . We have a blog and occasionally we use it to write about the industry as we see it . Nothing wrong with affordable . Just do your research before buying your next ...
Aerofix Bicycles Aero S7 Track Frame
Aventon Bikes Mataro Low
Throne Track Lord
Pure Fix Keirin Pro Track Frame
State Bicycle Black Label
Unknown Bikes
4 Comments
Leave a comment
The franchise that launched Mel Gibson 's career has made its return to video games , following its return also to movies with Mad Max : Fury Road . The last ( and previously , sole ) Mad Max game came out in 1990 for the NES while the last movie , Mad Max : Beyond Thunderdome , was released in 1985 . It was past due time for a new installment in this classic Australian series .
I think it 's important to highlight that the publisher , Warner Bros , should be harshly lambasted for the poor timing of its release . It is incredibly unfortunate ( and honestly a mistake in planning ) that Mad Max came out along with other more established and renowned names such as Metal Gear Solid V , Destiny 's Taken King , Halo 5 and Assassin 's Creed Syndicate . These games directly compete in the genre of action-adventure , drawing away both attention and players from Mad Max . The game was listed as the 8th best-seller in its release month ( September 2015 ) when it should have been top 3 in any more appropriate release window .
So you really like the game ? How come ?
“ Ladies and gentlemen , boys and girls…dyin ' time is here ! ” Mad Max fans will remember this quote from Dr. Dealgood in Beyond Thunderdome as Max enters the arena in a fight to the death versus Blaster , a huge manchild with incredible strength . This is also a fitting description of the game in which you essentially wreak havoc in the wasteland as you fight the forces of Gastown . Mad Max feels like an old school brawler game put into an apocalyptic open world with super-tuned hot rods and muscle cars equipped with wicked weaponry .
Perhaps what I enjoyed most about the game is that it feels like its own installment in the movie series . The developers ( Avalanche Studios ) did a great job in using themes and iconic designs from the Mad Max universe . The game is linked to the story from Fury Road as the main objective is to defy the “ War Boys ” faction led by one Scabrous Scrotus , son of Immortan Joe , ruler of Gastown . The majority of the characters are recognizable from Fury Road and , in addition , the game also brings elements from the previous movies : you can eat Dinky Di dog food for health ( as in Road Warrior ) , and you eventually fight in a thunderdome !
Mad Max introduces its own self-contained story , however , instead of being simply a spin-off of Fury Road : you start out as Max in your recognizable black V8 Interceptor heading to the Plains of Silence , a place to find peace . Scrotus eventually catches and destroys your car , and a battle ensues where Max chainsaws Scrotus in the face but also becomes severely injured and left to die . Upon waking , you run into a crazied hunchback “ black finger ” ( a term for skilled mechanic ) who sees you as a saint in their devout following of all things metal and combustion , and proceeds to build you a new car – the “ Magnum Opus ” . The game progresses as Max searches for stronger parts for Magnum Opus , most important of which is a V8 engine that can only be located in Gastown . In your adventures , you partner up with strongholds throughout the world , which help you find car parts while also taking advantage of your skills to lessen War Boy influence in their territories – true symbiotic relationships .
Well , searching for parts does n't sound incredibly enticing…
While I can agree with that , Mad Max is n't really about searching for parts . It 's about killing lots and lots of enemies . Armed with your fists , trusty shotgun ( relic from Road Warrior ) and the occasional melee weapon , your go-to strategy is to run in and simply beat everyone to death . The game does this in a very rhythmic fashion as there are really only four buttons you need in battle : shoot , punch , parry and roll . A combination of these makes fighting feel like a dance especially when you are surrounded by enemies and need to constantly switch focus from one to the other , hitting , parrying , rolling away , rinse and repeat . Also , there are moments in battle where you can use special finishing moves which have awesome animations . At times I felt like I was playing a WWE game when Max flat out clotheslines or body drops enemies . Most of all , though , is the rush you get when eliminating 30 guys without ever getting hit because of your spot on parries and counters – one of the better feelings I 've had with a game in a while .
In addition to the melee combat , you 're also constantly engaging in road wars with other cars . You can customize your Magnum Opus with weapons such as the harpoon and the “ thunderpoon ” ( a crude rocket launcher ) , as well as improve your armor , engine , etc , for better performance in the constantly shifting environments you will be driving in . The Mad Max world is nothing like the Fallout world despite also being a post-apocalyptic one . For example , you traverse dried up ocean parts into canyons , and then into a deadened highway stretch and sand dunes , and need to be aware of terrain changes since they actually impact your driving . You will be constantly looking for scrap metal for Opus improvements and occasionally will participate in races .
Good combat is always a plus . What 's the bad ?
Repetitiveness . While the combat is pretty smooth and very entertaining , one downside is that the gameflow is always the same : you attack a camp and clear it of enemies , and then move on to the next one . When not attacking enemy camps , you will usually be scouting and scavenging for scrap metal in the wasteland . Most times you will fight the same kinds of enemies , rehashed into different colors or clothes , and in the same layouts . Mad Max definitely does not break much ground in this sense , and it is a considerable downside in the game .
The storyline is also not as engaging as other games ( The Witcher 3 comes to mind ) . To really delve into the Mad Max story , you will have to scavenge and scout on your own ( and outside of missions ) to collect items such as pictures and notes left behind by people in order to have a better idea of how the world degenerated into waste . This is where the repetitiveness can kill the game : the scavenging purpose is interesting , however , it gets somewhat tiring having to do the same thing over and over again in order to paint a better picture of the Mad Max world . I have probably spent about 35 hours on Mad Max and much of that was consumed by side quests and completion stats for this purpose .
Wrap it up !
Mad Max is a great value game . For $ 40 you get an open world apocalyptic environment full of blood , metal , explosions and raw power . You will destroy enemies with your fists , improve your skills and your car , and become a legend in the wasteland . The certain repetitiveness you will face here should not be a deterrent to playing an otherwise very well crafted game . Oh and you can make your own customized Mad Max wallpapers .
Drink Pairing
Gasoline . Or diesel . That 's the purpose of Gastown and essential to Max and should be to you too .
DISCLAIMER : DO N'T ACTUALLY DRINK FUEL YOU WILL DIE .
Actually this game would be most well paired with a vodka-red bull . Smooth and with that burst of energy just like Magnum Opus .
Advertisements
1 . Evil Ingenuity
A dastardly villain has cooked up something new and dangerous using their astounding genius , the latest in envelope-pushing clockwork bits , and of course , steam technology . What it is , from your typical house-sized clockwork deathspider or steam-powered juggernaut of a war walker to something even more fantastic and terrifying , like a clockwork Death Star orbiting Earth and holding the whole world hostage , is of course up to the DM or Referee . Creativity is encouraged . This dread device might even be some kind of automated food-growing factory or stock-market predicting analog calculator that could spell a whole other kind of trouble for a completely different group of people . But regardless of what the machine is , this dastardly villain has some group of people close to the characters that he 's threatening to blow up/ruin , etc . and the characters have been asked to intervene , to stop this evil villain at all costs . This is a great way for them to earn respect from a key group of people and also pick up a powerful , campaign-spanning nemesis in a sort of `` if it was n't for those pesky kids ! '' or `` I 'll get you next time , Gadget ! '' kind of way .
2 . The Tortured Genius :
The characters meet or are introduced to a brilliant inventor the likes of which they 've never seen before . He 's a small man , very quiet and very secretive , but they need help . With every flash of brilliance they receive , each new idea or improvement upon existing inventions that crosses their mind , they are visited by frightening and demonic horrors- and they have the gashes to prove it ! Are these terrors real , or are the wounds self-inflicted ? ... or is it something much more ominous ?
3 . Left in the Breeze :
A moderately famous inventor has an idea for a world-changing device ( a tower that transmits signals across continents , a machine that generates free , wireless energy or a perpetual motion machine , etc . ) and a well-known big business mogul has agreed to finance the machine- until they realize just how much money he 's bound to lose on it when it replaces their other `` investments '' . Now he 's pulled all funding , used their influence in the richest circles to blackball the inventor , and even gone so far as to secretly hire thugs to smash up what has already been built . ( This can be played from either side- the inventor can come to the characters for help , or they can be the `` hired thugs . '' ) Either way , this seed could `` grow '' into something really fun .
4 . The Crossing :
The characters have to cross from one nation or state to another to get where they 're going , and going around `` the long way '' is n't an option . Unfortunately the nation they 're about to cross into is at war with the nation they 're in , and it 's a bitter feud . The characters will have to be careful not to get sucked into the fighting or labeled as a sympathizer for either side ( People wonder : `` Why would you want to go over there , Hmmm ? '' ) and crossing will be just as difficult- the borders are closed and guarded , with battles and raids going on all the time , even at night .
5 . Into The Fire :
A luxury liner airship has gone missing in the uncharted territories , and one of the passengers is the daughter of a local nobleman . The characters are offered some generous sum of money to go and retrieve them The only problem -- The daughter has already been found , by a hostile tribe of warrior nomads !
6 . Down , Down :
A mining company has set up a series of shafts at the edge of the uncharted territories hoping to dig out as much gold , silver and arcane technology as they can . But when miners start going missing , they contact the characters and offer to pay them to track down and eliminate whatever it is that 's down there . What lurks in the depths of that dark mine ? That 's up to the DM . ( Ideas : disturbed undead from ancient grave site , fallout vault with survivors trying to protect themselves , some new subterrainian lifeform or parasitic fungus , portal to hell , etc . )
7 . Heart of Darkness :
A team of explorers has set up an outpost deep in the uncharted territories and have secured a site in the name of the queen ( or king , or kaiser , etc . ) It 's a long trip by steamboat , but when the settlement stops communicating with the crown , the characters are sent in to investigate . What they find is totally up to the DM . ( Ideas : Foreman/chief has gone insane and slaughtered their own men , locals have killed off everyone , everyone is mysteriously gone , or a malevolent spirit has devoured or chased away everyone , etc . )
8 . The Item :
A local collector has their eyes on some holy relic that a rancher in the uncharted territories refuses to give up ( Ideas : ancient scroll , item of great power and/or mystique , a tablet , a map , holy relic , etc . ) and they want the characters to go and find a way to `` convince '' the rancher to give it up ... or `` liberate '' it altogether .
9 . Gone With The Wind :
A fiery young woman with a moving picture recorder machine wants to make a documentary about nomadic tribesmen in the uncharted territories , and they need a party of strong lads ( or ladies ) willing to protect them and carry their equipment . She 's very driven , and quite willing to sacrifice anyone ( but not necessarily their equipment ) to get the perfect shot -- which could be a real problem , because the nomads she 's most interested in are cannibals and head-hunters ...
10 . Just Ordinary Folk , Sir :
A scientist ( or military officer ) has just invented a powerful new device/weapon and he/they need to move it right away . Doing so by ordinary means is too risky -- they have to sneak it from point A to point B . This is where the characters come in -- the plan is , if they dress like merchants and the item is kept hidden in a wagon , they can get it to where it 's going without the unwanted attention or risk of being set upon by a powerful rival . Whether they actually do or not is up to the DM . Makes a lot of great opportunities to scare your players .
11 . Last Flight :
The characters are offered an easy job guarding a dignitary aboard an airship , but when they set sail , it turns out the dignitary is none other than the supremely evil , mustachioed arch rival/nemesis of the party come to seize their revenge , and when they split , they 're left alone on the airship . The catch ? The controls have been smashed to bits , and the airship is headed further and further out to sea . Add dynamite and or other `` oh crap '' devices to spice things up a little .
Paramilitary police officers display their skills during an anti-terror drill themed `` To Welcome Olympic Games , To Ensure the Security '' at Datianwan Stadium on July 2 , 2008 in Chongqing Municipality , China . China has launched a series of anti-terror drills at the national level to ensure security for the upcoming Olympics in Beijing . ( China Photos/Getty Images )
Earlier in June , China launched a week-long series of anti-terrorist drills called `` Great Wall 5 '' , in preparation for the upcoming 2008 Olympic Games . The drills involved emergency responders , `` police forces , the People 's Armed Police , the People 's Liberation Army and the health , environmental protection , meteorology and transportation departments . '' according to China 's Xinhua News Agency . ( 14 photos total
Chinese paramilitary police officers display their fighting skills at Datianwan Stadium on July 2 , 2008 in Chongqing Municipality , China . ( China Photos/Getty Images )
Firemen put out a blaze during an anti-terror drill on July 2 , 2008 in Chongqing Municipality , China . ( China Photos/Getty Images )
Chinese paramilitary police officers form a pattern of the Olympic Rings on the field , while police officers display their fighting skills during an anti-terrorism drill on July 2 , 2008 in Chongqing Municipality , China . ( China Photos/Getty Images )
Chinese police parade during an anti-terrorism drill for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games in Xian , in China 's Shaanxi province on June 11 , 2008 . ( AFP )
Firemen cut barriers during an anti-terrorism drill on July 2 , 2008 in Chongqing Municipality , China . ( China Photos/Getty Images )
A general view of a newly installed surface-to-air missile launcher near the Olympic green on June 25 , 2008 in Beijing , China . ( Feng Li/Getty Images )
In this photo released by the official Xinhua news agency , members of China 's armed police demonstrate a rapid deployment during an anti-terrorist drill held in Jinan , east China , on Wednesday July 2 , 2008 , roughly one month ahead of the Beijing Olympic Games . ( AP Photo/Xinhua/Fan Changguo )
Chinese police parade during an anti-terrorism drill for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games in Xian , in China 's Shaanxi province on June 11 , 2008 . ( AFP )
Policemen try to control simulated mobs during an anti-terror drill on July 2 , 2008 in Chongqing Municipality , China . ( China Photos/Getty Images )
In this photo released by the official Xinhua news agency , a member of China 's armed police operates a flame sprayer during an anti-terrorist drill held in Jinan , east China , on Wednesday July 2 , 2008 , roughly one month ahead of the Beijing Olympic Games . ( AP Photo/Xinhua/Fan Changguo )
Chinese police parade during an anti-terrorism drill for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games in Xian , in China 's Shaanxi province on June 11 , 2008 . China is staging a week of anti-terrorism drills , dubbed `` Great Wall 5 '' , ahead of the Beijing Olympics next month . ( AFP )
Chinese paramilitary officers and a police officer surround a mockup house where `` suspects '' are held up in Xuchang , central China 's Henan province , on Friday June 20 , 2008 . ( AP Photo/EyePress )
Paramilitary police officers keep watch at the start of the Olympic Torch Relay , Tuesday , June 17 , 2008 , in Urumqi , Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region , China 's most western province . ( AP Photo/Robert F. Bukaty )
Links and more information :
Olympics Special Coverage by China 's official press agency , Xinhua .
China launches anti-terror drill for Olympics from Xinhua .
The NZ election campaign coincides with a crunch time for the future of the Trans Pacific Partnership . In the absence of the US , attempts to renegotiate an 11-member TPP risk scuppering a deal that could bring enormous benefits to New Zealand , argues Stephen Jacobi , executive director of the NZ International Business Forum .
Good ideas never die and so it has proved with TPP . No amount of huffing and puffing from the arch-protectionists and the anti-globalists , not even the president of the United States , has ( yet ) been able to consign TPP to history . Those people with genuinely held concerns about aspects of the agreement – and there are many – might wonder why this is so . It 's because the remaining 11 parties to the agreement continue to see it as a means of accelerating trade and investment growth and providing a new benchmark for improving the rules against which business is done in the region . The parties are convinced that the agreement , as negotiated , contains the necessary safeguards to protect domestic sovereignty and the continuing rights of governments to regulate in the national interest .
Officials are meeting again in Sydney this week to try to hammer out a recommendation for TPP leaders to consider when they gather for the APEC Economic Summit in Danang , Viet Nam in November . Officials have met on two earlier occasions since the United States withdrew from the agreement . Reports suggest the coalition is holding at least for the meantime . At issue now is the extent to which the agreement , signed in Auckland in February 2016 , and ratified by both Japan and New Zealand , should be amended other than simply the clause by which it enters into force . The latter clearly needs to be changed , but is that all ?
It would seem logical to strip the agreement of those particular US demands in intellectual property , medicines and state owned enterprises , but there are good arguments to the contrary . Some TPP members hope that the United States will change its mind on TPP and return to the fold . While this is out of the question for the current administration , things may change in the future . It might also be possible to leave these elements in the agreement as is , but agree not to apply them before the US joins . That would preserve a strong enticement .
Beyond this , there is a risk that if the agreement is opened up for substantive renegotiation , other parties might find the excuse to relitigate elements which they found problematic . It 's no secret that everyone in TPP found something to be unhappy with – even New Zealand was disappointed with the outcome on dairy . Reopening the negotiation could risk further unravelling the delicate consensus and require years to rebuild . This risk has led both Japanese and New Zealand governments to call for the agreement to be ratified as currently concluded .
For the business community , which has waited eight years so far for TPP , the prospect of going back to the drawing board simply risks delaying the introduction of much-needed improvements to the way trade and investment is governed and regulated . Years ' more wrangling about TPP is not attractive . Business models are changing rapidly and TPP runs the risk of being outdated the moment it takes effect .
New Zealand exporters to Japan have particular cause to worry . TPP would have delivered the free trade agreement with Japan that New Zealand has been seeking for some years now . Japan is the only country in East Asia where we do not have an FTA . Already our competitors in Chile and Australia have freer trade than we do . Now , the European Union and Japan have concluded a political agreement on a new FTA . Without TPP New Zealand exporters of beef , dairy , horticulture and wine face an uphill battle in Japan . The problem is particularly acute in beef , a trade worth around $ 150 million each year . New Zealand exporters pay 38.5 % in tariffs whereas Australian competitors pay only 27.2 % . A new safeguard tariff introduced recently does not apply to Australia and means our tariff goes up to 50 % .
The importance of the Japanese market is what leads a delegation of New Zealand business leaders from the NZ International Business Forum to visit Tokyo next week . They are keen to hear from Japanese business organisations and academics about how they see the challenge of salvaging TPP and to encourage them to express support for the earliest possible entry into force . Japan 's leadership of TPP-11 is very welcome – it arises from the importance the government of Shinzo Abe attaches to the structural reform of the Japanese economy which is emerging from decades of lethargy . Agricultural reform is a particular priority and something New Zealand can potentially help with given our own experience in removing subsidies and integrating our export companies in global markets .
For the longest time , New Zealand exporters have operated with the bipartisan political support from major political parties . In recent years , during the long and controversial negotiation of TPP , that bipartisan support has broken down , much to the disappointment of the business community . In the current electoral campaign , there is disagreement about whether to support the concept of TPP-11 . The National-led government is a strong supporter , the Greens and NZ First are opposed and Labour believes TPP needs to be renegotiated to take account of its proposed policy to ban purchases of residential property to overseas tax residents .
It is not unusual for an incoming government to seek to re-evaluate trade policy . Governments make decisions differently from Opposition parties . Governments have access to the free and frank advice of officials and to representations from the business community and other stakeholders . They have to take account of the full range of issues , including , in this case , the serious damage which would be done to New Zealand economic interests in Japan if TPP does not proceed . This calls for governments-in-waiting to exercise caution in signalling future trade policy changes . In the case of TPP it might prove possible to address residual concerns about aspects of the agreement from within the agreement itself , rather than seeking a re-negotiation .
In coming weeks , we will hear much from our political leaders about having to make tough decisions . TPP could be one of these . Whoever sits down with the other TPP leaders in Danang will have a big call to make . The opportunity to secure New Zealand interests in Japan and other markets make it imperative that TPP does not get “ lost in translation ” in the midst of negotiations that are now under way and a rigorous election debate .
This content is entirely funded by Simplicity , New Zealand 's only non-profit fund manager , dedicated to making Kiwis wealthier in retirement . Its fees are the lowest on the market and it is 100 % online , ethically invested , and fully transparent . Simplicity also donates 15 % of management revenue to charity . So far , Simplicity is saving its 7,500 members $ 2 million annually . Switching takes two minutes .
The views and opinions expressed above do not reflect those of Simplicity and should not be construed as an endorsement .
This content is funded entirely by Flick , the electricity retailer giving New Zealanders power over their power . With both spot price and fixed price plans available , you can be sure you 're getting true cost and real choice when you join Flick . Support us by making the switch today .
Today , as Microsoft discontinues support for Windows XP , a 12 year old operating system , users all over the world find themselves with only a few options to choose from as they move on . It 's not surprising that Microsoft encourages users to migrate to Windows 8.1 , but of course , there are other alternatives . The best one by far is Linux . With over 100 distributions , Linux not only offers flexibility , but also reliability and support .
First , let 's rundown exactly what 's happening with Microsoft 's discontinuation of support for Windows XP .
What is end of support ?
There will be no more security updates or technical support for the Windows XP operating system . Support for Office 2003 also ends on April 8 , 2014 .
What does this mean ?
It means you should take action . After April 8 , 2014 , Microsoft will no longer provide security updates or technical support for Windows XP . Security updates patch vulnerabilities that may be exploited by malware and help keep users and their data safer . PCs running Windows XP after April 8 , 2014 , should not be considered to be protected , and it is important that you migrate to a current supported operating system .
This is your opportunity to try out something completely new and different from Microsoft .
First , you 'll need to find out which Linux distro is best for the work that you do . DistroWatch is `` a light-hearted way of measuring the popularity of Linux distributions '' and a great place to see all of the options for desktops , servers , laptops , netbooks , mobile phones , and tablets ( and some minimal environments ) .
My Linux distro breakdown :
secure and suitable for military and financial applications ( RHEL
bleeding edge and dynamic ( Fedora
universal ( Debian
educational ( Edubuntu
for the hobbyist ( Raspbian
for the media artist ( Ubuntu Studio
for the easy-going user ( Mint
for the desktop application and cloud ( Ubuntu
simple and lightweighted ( Arch
faithfully built from source code ( Gentoo
reliable and unpretentious ( Slackware
The list continues with tens of other distributions that are continuously evolving .
Making a change
In addition to the many Windows XP desktop users in homes and enterprises , the financial service companies that provide ATM services will be looking to make a change .
About 95 % of ATMs worldwide are running Windows XP . Confronted with the end of support , these organizations are exploring the adoption of Linux in order to have better control over their hardware and software upgrades . It is estimated that by today , less than 40 % of ATMs in the US will have migrated off Windows XP .
Healthcare is another sector that will be greatly affected . About 10 % of healtcare providers are still using Windows XP , and they could be appealling targets for cybercriminals given that patient data and personal data have a high price in the black market .
Today , it is not only the right time to make a change , but it 's a great time in the history of Linux . These operating systems show maturity , reliability , and versatility . Get started today !
Televangelist Rick Joyner posted a video on their Facebook page on Friday asserting that someone from the Obama administration “ left some bugs ” inside the Oval Office and is now leaking sensitive information from inside the Trump White House to the public .
“ A friend of mine had a revelation about their being bugs in the Oval Office and that 's where the leaks are coming from , ” Joyner declared . “ Somebody in the Obama administration left some bugs there . Bugs are going to be the listening devices or whatever that somebody is tuning into ; that could explain a lot , it really could , because somebody knows the phone calls the president is making when there are only two people in the room that absolutely should not be leaking and I do n't suspect that either one of them were guilty . So what is going on there ? I hope they get in there and sweep that room really good . ”
By BaseballSoftballUK , www.baseballsoftballuk.com
BaseballSoftballUK , the development agency for the British Baseball and British Softball Federations , has announced the largest increase in participation to date , putting the number of people playing the sports at an all-time high .
As of 31 March 2016 , the number of people playing baseball and softball in the UK had reached 22,274 , climbing by a little over 3,300 during the previous 12 months .
BSUK Joint CEO and Head of Development John Boyd said , “ These results are very encouraging . They reflect what we already knew – that 2015/16 would be our best year yet for growth . At the start of this year , we launched Hit the Pitch , our new participation programme , and this gave us a real boost , allowing us to reach more people more easily . We are a small staff trying to achieve a great deal , and we found that Hit the Pitch made our work easier and quicker – essentially , it has made us even more effective . ”
Targets
Like all other Sport England and Lottery-funded sports organisations , BaseballSoftballUK has targets against which national investment is measured . The organisation is on track to not only exceed our targets for 2015-16 , but reach our 2016-17 target early this summer , nine months ahead of schedule .
John Boyd said : “ We are just 1,250 off our four-year Sport England target of 23,565 . This is very encouraging , particularly when we have such strong projects in the pipeline for the coming season . ”
Recently , Sport England has switched to a payment-by-results approach that seeks to address underperformance by National Governing Bodies through reducing grants . Performance results for baseball and softball were considered at a formal review meeting with Sport England in January 2016 and BSUK was given the all-clear for being on track .
According to John Boyd : “ Having an unblemished record of delivery against our targets is really important , now more than ever . This year , organisations will be applying to Sport England for the next four years of funding and it is clear that grant awards will be based on capability and track record . ”
Growth in numbers
Here are the basic numbers behind the growth in people playing baseball and softball .
Since the 2008 season , numbers have increased by 11,887 players and 709 teams .
Since the start of the current Sport England funding cycle in April 2013 , 5,641 new players have started playing in 340 more teams .
Slowpitch softball represents 80 % of this growth , fastpitch softball 4 % and baseball 16 % .
Participation percentages across the three formats are :
Slowpitch softball : 80 %
Baseball : 18 %
Fastpitch Softball : 2 %
Read more at BaseballSoftballUK.com
TENSION IN THE PACIFIC
The U.S. decision to send equipment needed to set up a controversial missile defense system in South Korea is likely to add to the tensions among Beijing and Moscow , countries that have spoken out in the past about deploying the system . China said Tuesday that it will take measures against US missile system deployed in South Korea and said the U.S. and Seoul will bear consequences . VIDEO
FNC 's GREG PALKOT REPORTS ON LATEST NORTH KOREA INFO ON FOX NEWS CHANNEL AT 9 AM ET .
EXPLAIN TO MCCAIN
Sen. John McCain -- who has been a vocal Republican critic of President Trump -- said Monday that the president should explain why they think former President Obama ordered the wiretapping of Trump Tower . McCain called Trump 's decision to float the idea that they were wiretapped “ unprecedented . ”
FORMER KGB AGENT ON 'THE FIRST 100 DAYS ' TALKS ABOUT 'PLAYING POLITICAL FOOTBALL ' WITH INTEL
‘ I SLEEP PRETTY GOOD AT NIGHT '
Casey Anthony knows that much of the world believes they killed their 2-year-old daughter , despite their acquittal . But nearly nine years later , they insist they do n't know how the last hours of Caylee 's life unfolded .
LEVIN ON ‘ HANNITY '
Radio host Mark Levin stood by President Trump 's claim Monday that President Obama tapped their phones during last year 's campaign , alleging that the now-former chief executive engaged in `` police state tactics . ''
MARK LEVIN ON WHY OBAMA MAY HAVE BEEN SPYING ON TRUMP
FOX NEWS OPINION : Liz Peek : Cancel all vacations for Congress until August : How the GOP can push back against hysterical Democrats
Voters want action , and thanks to Democrat maneuvering , there is precious little time to deliver on Trump 's campaign promises . ... Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell should cancel the break expected on March 16-17 , as well as the two week hiatus between April 10-21 . Also , keep Congress in session over Memorial Day and July 4 ; it 's high time the GOP started playing hard ball .
COMING UP ON FNC
8 : 45 a.m . ET : Secretary Carson speaks about affordable housing at the National Council of State Housing Agencies Legislative Conference at the Hyatt Regency Washington . Watch live on FoxNews.com
12 p.m . ET : Girls Inc. presents Hillary Clinton with the 2017 Girls Inc. Champion for Girls Award at event in New York Marriott Marquis , Watch live on FoxNews.com
1:30 p.m . ET : Press briefing with Press Secretary Sean Spicer . Watch live on Fox News Channel and FoxNews.com
2 p.m . ET : Acting State Dept Spokesperson Mark Toner holds the first briefing of the new admin . State Dept Briefing Room . Watch live on FoxNews.com
7 : 30 p.m . ET : House Veterans ' Affairs Cmte holds hearing on 'Shaping the Future : Consolidating and Improving VA Community Care . ' VA Secy Shulkin and Sen. McCain testify .
COMING UP ON FOX BUSINESS
REPEAL AND REPLACE REACTION
Healthcare stocks will be in focus as Republicans move ahead with repealing and replacing Obamacare .
FOX Business will break down the details of the new plan and track the stocks that could be affected .
WATCHING ENERGY
One day after Exxon Mobil promises to create 45K new jobs , Chevron hosts its investor day .
Find out what the energy giant has planned for the year ahead .
‘ I 'm over trying to find the adorable way to state my opinion , ' the Oscar winner says of their disappointment at finding they were paid less than their male co-stars
Jennifer Lawrence has come out hard against the gender pay inequality in Hollywood , in an impassioned essay they wrote for their friend Lena Dunham 's Lenny Letter newsletter .
The Hunger Games actor for the first time addresses revelations from the Sony hack that they earned considerably less than their male co-stars in American Hustle , despite their major role in the film and bankable status as a Hollywood A-lister and Oscar winner .
The real Hollywood scandal : why Jennifer Lawrence , Angelina Jolie and other female stars get ripped off Read more
“ When the Sony hack happened and I found out how much less I was being paid than the lucky people with dicks , I did n't get mad at Sony , ” they write . “ I got mad at myself . I failed as a negotiator because I gave up early . I did n't want to keep fighting over millions of dollars that , frankly , due to two franchises , I do n't need . ”
They write that a need “ to be liked ” and the fear of seeming “ difficult ” or “ spoiled ” kept them from demanding more money .
“ This could be a young-person thing , ” they write . “ It could be a personality thing . I 'm sure it 's both . But this is an element of my personality that I 've been working against for years , and based on the statistics , I do n't think I 'm the only woman with this issue … Could there still be a lingering habit of trying to express our opinions in a certain way that does n't ‘ offend ' or ‘ scare ' men ? ”
Lawrence peppers their essay with their trademark self-deprecating tone : “ It 's hard for me to speak about my experience as a working woman because I can safely say my problems are n't exactly relatable . ”
They write that they have kept mostly quiet until now on the subject of feminism because they tend to veer away from topics that they fears are “ trending ” . “ I 'm even the asshole who did n't do anything about the ice-bucket challenge – which was saving lives – because it started to feel more like a ‘ trend ' than a cause , ” they write . “ I should have written a check , but I fucking forgot , OK ? I 'm not perfect . ”
Meryl Streep in Telluride : 'There is n't a man here who could out-lift Serena Williams ' Read more
Lawrence 's essay is notable for its anger , something the actor rarely expresses during interviews .
“ I 'm over trying to find the ‘ adorable ' way to state my opinion and still be likable , ” they write . “ Fuck that . ”
Forbes recently ranked Lawrence as the highest-paid female actor of 2015 . Since the Sony leak , Lawrence made headlines for negotiating a higher salary than Chris Pratt , their co-star in the upcoming blockbuster Passengers . Pratt will earn $ 12m for the film , while Lawrence will net $ 20m upfront or 30 % of the film 's profits .
Lawrence joins a long list of actors including Meryl Streep , Emma Thompson , Patricia Arquette , Cate Blanchett and Rose McGowan who in recent months have spoken up about misogyny in the entertainment industry . Last week , Ashley Judd alleged for the first time publicly that they were sexually harassed in the 90s by a mogul for a major film studio .
Using the existing PutMetricData API , you can now publish Custom Metrics down to 1-second resolution . This gives you more immediate visibility and greater granularity into the state and performance of your custom applications , such as observing short-lived spikes and functions . In addition , you can also alert sooner with High-Resolution Alarms , as frequently as 10-second periods . High-Resolution Alarms allow you to react and take actions faster , and support the same actions available today with standard 1-minute alarms . You can add these high-resolution metrics and alarms widgets to your Dashboards giving you easy observability of critical components . Additionally , if you use collectd to gather your metrics , you can publish these metrics to CloudWatch using our updated collectd plugin supporting high-resolution periods down to 1-second .
Start exploring high-resolution custom metrics and alarms using the AWS Management Console , AWS Command Line Interface ( CLI ) , and AWS SDKs . High resolution is available in all AWS Public Regions , with AWS GovCloud coming soon .
To learn more , please visit the AWS Blog , CloudWatch documentation , and CloudWatch pricing page .
Jupiter does n't get whacked by asteroids and comets quite as often as scientists had thought .
Objects big enough to generate a fireball visible from Earth — such as the spectacular one that occurred on March 17 — slam into Jupiter about 6.5 times per year , according to a new study based on the pooled observations of amateur astronomers around the world .
`` In three years since our program started , amateur contributors from Europe , the U.S. and Australia have analyzed the equivalent of more than 56 days of videos — around 53,000 videos — without discovering an impact , '' Marc Delcroix , who coordinates a group of about 60 skywatchers worldwide , said in a statement . [ Jupiter Collision ! Impact Captured by Amateur Astronomer ( Video ) ]
`` This is a result in itself and , together with the reports of amateur astronomer John McKeon , has helped us come up with our preliminary estimate , which slightly reduces previous estimates of the flux of impacting objects [ at ] Jupiter , '' Delcroix added .
McKeon captured the March 17 Jupiter fireball on video . ( Another amateur astronomer , Gerrit Kernbauer , spotted the impact first ; McKeon went through their observations from that night after learning of Kernbauer 's find . )
Researchers think that the March 17 event was caused by an object 33 to 66 feet ( 10 to 20 meters ) wide . Skywatchers have observed three other such Jupiter strikes since June 2010 ; all of them likely involved impactors in the same general size range , scientists have said .
But bigger objects hammer the gas giant fairly frequently as well . A 1,650-foot-wide ( 500 m ) asteroid barreled into Jupiter in 2009 , for example , and the big chunks of broken-apart Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 pummeled the huge planet in July 1994 , leaving dark scars that were visible in Jupiter 's cloud tops for months .
Jupiter is much bigger and more massive than Earth , so the giant planet gets hit by cosmic objects thousands of times more often than our planet does . ( Asteroids and comets are drawn in more frequently by Jupiter 's powerful gravity . )
Nailing down Jupiter 's precise impact rate is of interest to astronomers and planetary scientists as well as skywatchers .
`` Unfortunately , we are still dealing with the statistics of a very few number of impacts detected , but plans to improve our detection methods and perform systematic searches will help us to detect more of these objects , '' Ricardo Hueso Alonso , of the University of the Basque Country in Spain , said in the same statement . `` That will allow us to know more about the current architecture of the outer solar system and the role of Jupiter in protecting the Earth from comparable impacts . ''
The study team presented its results at a workshop on Jupiter for professional and amateur astronomers at the Observatoire de la Côte d'Azur in Nice , France . The workshop was organized by the Europlanet 2020 Research Infrastructure , a project designed to support planetary-science activities throughout Europe .
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @ michaeldwall and Google+ . Follow us @ Spacedotcom , Facebook or Google+ . Originally published on Space.com .
Another high-profile delicatessen is being planned for downtown Sacramento – this one from the owners of South , the popular Southern-food restaurant on 11th Street .
N'Gina Kavookjian , who co-owns South with their husband , Ian Kavookjian , said construction will start March 15 on a new deli at Sixth and S streets .
The deli , which will be called the Proletariat , will sit below the couple 's residence .
“ Hopefully it will be done in early summer , ” N'Gina Kavookjian said . “ It is an homage to my Polish-Jewish husband , and their New Jersey ways . ”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
The Proletariat will be a “ light take ” on the East Coast Jewish deli , N'Gina Kavookjian said . “ It is going to have the soul of a Jewish deli , without being so stringent that we have to do this or ( that ) . ”
“ Ian 's biggest thing that they hate about sandwiches in California is they have 45 ingredients , ” they added . Sandwiches at the Proletariat will be more in the East Coast style , which emphasizes “ really good bread and really good meat ” without all the flourishes , they said . “ There might be four ingredients , but the quality of those four ingredients is spectacular . ”
The Kavookjians ' deli already was in the works before the recent announcement that a Jewish deli named Solomon 's – after Tower Records founder Russ Solomon – will move in late 2017 into the old Tower space on K Street near Golden 1 Center .
“ We saw that ( announcement ) , and we were like , ‘ All right , ' ” Kavookjian said with a laugh . “ Like I say all the time : We are not trying to compete with anybody . The only people we compete with is ourselves . ”
Last month , the Kavookjians opened a vintage shop called the Quinn on T Street , just around the corner from South .
Kavookjian said they and their husband have decided to invest money earned from South – a success since it opened two years ago – back into the Southside Park neighborhood .
South might get even more business soon , when its anticipated full liquor license comes through .
“ Fingers crossed , we will get our license right before Mardi Gras ” in February , Kavookjian said . The couple then will transfer South 's current beer and wine license to the Quinn , where people can sip a beer while browsing 1980s fashions and mid-century glassware .
This morning Google announced that It 's releasing a Moto G Google Play Edition starting at $ 179 for the 8GB model and $ 199 for the 16GB model . There is n't much of a difference between the Google Play Edition and the regular unlocked GSM model of the Moto G selling through other retailers . The Moto G is already just about stock Android to begin with , and the pricing is around the same you 'll find through third-party retailers . Either way , with the GPE Moto G you 'll be guaranteed completely stock Android and updates when other Google Play Edition devices receive them . The Moto G is available now through the Google Play website for customers in the US and will run on AT & T or T-Mobile networks .
Best iPhone , iPad , & Apple TV game controllers
Richard Painter , a former White House ethics lawyer to President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007 , blasted Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they have n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE after it was reported that they spoke with the Russian ambassador to the United States while President Trump was on the campaign trail .
When asked in the hypothetical during their confirmation hearing as attorney general what they would do if they learned a member of Trump 's campaign had communicated with the Russian government over the course of the 2016 campaign , Sessions responded : “ I 'm not aware of any of those activities ... I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign , and I did not have communications with the Russians . ”
But The Washington Post reported Wednesday night that Sessions had spoken to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak twice during 2016 , once in a private conversation .
ADVERTISEMENT
Officials said Sessions did not consider their conversations with Kislyak relevant to the lawmakers ' questions and did not remember their discussion in detail . And as a senior member of the Armed Services Committee , they regularly met foreign ambassadors , their spokesperson said .
Painter blasted the statement on Twitter .
`` Misleading the Senate in sworn testimony about one own contacts with the Russians is a good way to go to jail , '' Painter tweeted .
Misleading the Senate in sworn testimony about one own contacts with the Russians is a good way to go to jail https : //t.co/qH0s6sTMJ9 — Richard W. Painter ( @ RWPUSA ) March 2 , 2017
I spent two hours with the Congressional Black Caucus today discussing Russian attacks on the US . Does AG Sessions have anything to say ? — Richard W. Painter ( @ RWPUSA ) March 2 , 2017
Painter is now a professor of law at the University of Minnesota .
That September conversation between Sessions and Kislyak took place during the same time intelligence officials have said Russia was interfering with the U.S. presidential election through a hacking and influence campaign .
Motorsport is full of amazing spectacles , and many of them are directly caused by the various peculiarities of specific race tracks . To wit , Laguna Seca is known for The Corkscrew , Le Mans will always be linked to the Mulsanne Straight , The Nürburgring has The Carousel , and the ability to take Spa 's Eau Rouge and Raidillon corners flat-out is what separates the men from the boys.And then there 's The Mountain at Cadwell Park . Though not nearly as well known outside the U.K. as many other race track features , The Mountain may be one of the most exciting places to point a video camera in all motorsport . It 's a small hill that comes up directly after a tight left-to-right S-turn , and it routinely launches the bravest riders high into the sky as they try to get the best drive from the corner possible ... and it spits many of them sprawling back out the other side on their bums.If you 're not familiar with The Mountain , we suggest you watch the video after the break . Aim high , boys and girls .
British Superbikes , The Mountain from Sarjit Bains on Vimeo .
The main characters do n't get anything particularly new . It 's the secondary cast members that get news .
Fujiki Yusaku
They Duel against various Duelists using their cool-headed logic as their weapon . Their skills as a Duelist are top notch .
The ultimate Dueling stage composed of VR : LINK VRAINS ( Link Virtual Reality Artificial Intelligence Network System )
By using “ LINK VRAINS ” which was built inside the Network System , Duels unfold where Duelists change their appearance separate from their real life identities !
The Charisma Duelists that Yusaku Duels on LINK VRAINS .
Blue Angel
An Idol-style Charisma Duelist who charms the audience with their lovely figure . Is the way they Duel as adorable as them appearance ! ?
Go Onizuka
A Charisma Duelist who looks like a Professional Wrestler . The monsters they use share an equally powerful appearance !
The City with State-of-the-Art Technology : Den City
Den City :
A city in the near future which serves as this show 's setting , nearly everything in it is connected to the megacorp SOL Technology Inc. Its unique gimmick is the VR Duels which the inhabitants enjoy .
People Who Live In Den City
Kusanagi Shouichi : The Mysterious Hot Dog Vendor
While they look like an ordinary mid-city hot dog vendor , their real identity is that of a top-notch hacker who supports Playmaker 's Duels .
Zaizen Akira : SOL Technology Inc. 's Security Chief
An elite member of the the Security team for the city and its Virtual Reality infrastructure . They spend every day protecting the city against hackers .
A New Story That Ties Together 2 Worlds
Playmaker
Yusaku 's appearance in “ LINK VRAINS ” . Behold a never-before-seen Duel as they ride their D-Board !
The Mysterious Life Form
A life form surronded in mystery that appears before Yusaku . Due to certain circumstances , it appears to be on the run from SOL Technology Inc .
Susanne Posel , Contributor
Activist Post
Sergey Lavrov , Russian foreign minister , believes that those in political power are deflating the possibility of ending the violence in Syria . The UN confirmed that 49 children and 34 women were among the murdered in Houla . It has been reported that on Friday afternoon , soldiers and pro-government forces entered Houla and began killing residents in their homes .
Lavrov told UK foreign minister William Hague , “ It is clear that both sides had a hand in the Houla incident that left civilians dead , including women and children . ”
Lavrov and Hauge spoke at a press conference where Lavrov indicated that Assad 's forced removal would hinder peace in Syria .
Lavrov points out the evidence of extreme violence at Houla , which shows that the resistance has access to military-grade weaponry . The UN agreed with Lavrov 's summation , saying that that there was government artillery involved in the killings .
Hague agreed with Lavrov , that Assad is partially to blame for the attack at Houla , yet not solely responsible . This is a back-track from a previous comment Hague made that there was “ credible and horrific reports that a large number of civilians have been massacred at the hands of Syrian forces in the town of Houla . ”
Lavrov stated that “ There is no doubt that the government used artillery and tanks and this has been reported by UN observers who have visited the scene . There is also no doubt that many bodies have been found with injuries from firearms received at point-blank range . So the blame must be determined objectively . ”
Lavrov said that they were deeply concerned that the UN-Arab League 's resourcefulness is being purposefully disrupted and reiterated that a regime change is not the solution . Lavrov also said that ending the violence in Syria is more important than who sits in power .
“ When some countries , particularly those closest to Syria suggest the only solution to the conflict is regime change , it makes me doubt their commitment to the ceasefire , ” stated Lavrov .
Shadi Hamid , research director of the Brookings Doha Center , contends that only military intervention will stop the violence in Syria . Hamid would like to see a coalition of Turkey , Arab nations and the US force a regime change .
Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton pounced on the Houla attack , saying that they personally vowed that they would pressure the international community to support the forced removal of Assad from power . Clinton said that Friday 's events were “ a vicious assault that involved a regime artillery and tank barrage on a residential neighborhood . ”
Clinton , in grand fashion , declared that : “ We stand in solidarity with the Syrian people and the peaceful marchers in cities across Syria who have taken to the streets to denounce the massacre in Houla . ”
While Clinton was calling for justification for US and NATO invading Syria , President Obama was verbally admonishing Russia to stand by the US in this endeavor . Obama hopes to have Valdimir Putin 's full support in the regime change , yet Lavrov 's comments show that Russia will not fulfill Obama 's wishes .
Download Your First Issue Free ! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent , Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free ?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Obama maintains that Dimitry Medvedev was receptive to formulating a plan to remove Assad from power at the G8 Summit talks at Camp David .
Hague threatened that if the UN six point peace plans was not successful , war would be the only answer for Syira . “ The Annan plan is the best hope for Syria , at the moment the only hope for Syria , to try and break the cycle of violence . ”
Hague asserts that “ there needs to be a fundamental change in the approach of the Assad regime if Syria is to be saved from ever greater chaos and disorder . ”
The UN Security Council ( UNSC ) formally condemned the massacre at Houla , which prompted an emergency meeting initiated by Russia to discuss the situation and most feasible options .
The UNSC unanimously agreed to a non-binding agreement , demanding that the Syrian government retreat from the cities and return their weaponry to their military compounds .
Syria 's UN ambassador , Bashar Ja'afari , indicted some members of the UNSC of wanting to mislead the world . Ja'afari said : “ Neither [ UN observer mission head Maj Gen Robert ] Mood nor anybody else told the Security Council in the informal session that they would blame the Syrian government forces for what happened . ”
Syrian governmental representative have vehemently denied that their government have been part of the violent attacks .
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample Faisal Mukdad , the deputy Foreign Minister and government spokesperson remarked that the rebels who are fighting against Bashar al-Assad were “ criminals and drug dealers. ” Mukdad says it was those rebels who “ escalated the attacks ” and the Syria has a right to defend itself . Mukdad blames the US government and France for thwarting peace plans ; referring to French foreign minister Alain Juppe 's comment “ calling for war ” . They say , “ This is what the West wants – extremist and al-Qaeda forces controlling the whole region. ” The Syrian government blames “ terrorists ” for explosions of bomb blasts in Idlib . This bombing occurred after UN “ peace monitors ” arrived in Syria . The attack directly targeted Air Force and Military Intelligence headquarters , killing 20 security personnel . China also publicly condemned the “ cruel killings ” yet did not assign blame , as did the US government and the UN . Susanne Posel is the Chief Editor of Occupy Corporatism . Our alternative news site is dedicated to reporting the news as it actually happens ; not as it is spun by the corporately funded mainstream media . You can find us on our Facebook page . var linkwithin_site_id = 557381 ; linkwithin_text='Related Articles : '
