Man kicked in head by cop faces charges
The officer shown kicking a suspect in the head has been placed on desk duty while the incident is investigated . The man , who appeared to be resisting arrest , was kicked as they placed a hand on the neck of the other officer who was trying to restrain him . | Screen grab from Facebook
Chicago Police on Thursday arrested a man who was shown on a video getting kicked in the head by an officer as they struggled on the ground with another officer after a foot chase earlier this week .
Shaquille O'Neal , 23 , faces felony charges in connection with their Thursday arrest and the earlier arrest Monday .
Police used a Taser on O'Neal during Thursday 's arrest because they allegedly resisted officers , said Anthony Guglielmi , chief spokesperson for the Chicago Police Department .
O'Neal , a convicted felon on parole for a drug conviction , originally was arrested at about 3:15 p.m. Monday after running from officers on the West Side .
Police said they were spotted in a drug deal and they were chased to the 3900 block of West Grenshaw in the Lawndale neighborhood , where an officer struggled on the ground to handcuff him .
Police said O'Neal bit the plainclothes officer and appeared to grab the officer 's neck .
A cellphone video taken by a bystander showed another officer walk up and kick O'Neal in the head . That officer has been placed on desk duty by police Supt . Eddie Johnson and relieved of their police powers pending an investigation .
Terrance Hobson , who said they took the iPhone video , told reporters they turned over their phone to Justice Department officials Thursday .
“ I shot the video to show the world this is not right , ” Hobson said in the lobby of the Dirksen federal courthouse .
Hundreds of thousands of people have viewed the video , which was posted on Facebook .
Police said three bags of heroin were recovered from O'Neal after they were taken into custody Monday .
O'Neal was released late Wednesday without being charged “ pending further investigation , ” infuriating Chicago 's Fraternal Order of Police .
When O'Neal was re-arrested Thursday , they resisted officers and a Taser was used on him , Guglielmi said . They were taken to a hospital where the barbs used to connect the Taser to high-voltage electrical wires were removed from their skin .
O'Neal has been charged with aggravated battery on an officer , aggravated battery by strangulation and possession of a controlled substance in connection with Monday 's arrest and aggravated battery on an officer and resisting arrest in connection with Thursday 's arrest , said Sally Daly , a spokesperson for Cook County State 's Attorney Anita Alvarez .
All of the charges are felonies , Daly said .
Thursday 's arrest came after the FOP 's president , Dean Angelo , registered their outrage over O'Neal 's release Wednesday . Angelo posted an angry message on the union 's website declaring , “ Enough is enough . ”
They said the decision to release O'Neal on Wednesday allowed police officers to be “ victimized ” and “ subject to criminal behavior ” without consequence , particularly after the police officer involved was reassigned to desk duty .
“ It 's just another disappointing display of , what we consider to be a consistent , anti-police [ attitude ] . The police are just wondering what it takes to get considered as a viable part of society , ” Angelo later told the Chicago Sun-Times .
But Daly said Thursday that the state 's attorney 's office needed to review additional video and other evidence before deciding whether to charge O'Neal .
“ We do n't rush to charge , no matter who the victim is , ” Daly said .
Contributing : Natalie Watts
A POLL has suggested high support for a yes vote in Glasgow .
An ICM Poll shows 51 % for Yes with 49 % for No , bucking the national trend .
The poll , which extracted 125 Glasgow residents from the overall sample of 505 people who watched the debate , also found seven out of 10 Glaswegians thought Alex Salmond was the winner in this week 's TV debate .
It found 71 % of people said the First Minister was the clear winner with 29 % for Alistair Darling .
IT also found 62 % believed Mr Salmond to have the best arguments compared to 38 % for the Better Together leader .
Humza Yousaf , Glasgow SNP MSP , said the poll findings was a breakthrough .
They said : “ This is a fantastic poll which shows that people in Glasgow are completely fed up with the lack of vision from the No campaign . ”
Kodi , the open source media player that so many loves , has been entirely removed from the Amazon Appstore . The app was never available on the Fire TV appstore , but a few months ago , it was surprisingly approved by the Amazon Appstore for smartphones and tablets . I say surprisingly because Kodi is not in , and has never been in , the Google Play Store nor the Apple Appstore . The reasons for this are complicated , but they stem from licensing issues and Kodi 's open source nature . It 's unclear at this time why Kodi was removed and whether or not it will return .
Even though the app was never available in the Fire TV appstore , having it in the Amazon Appstore in some form allowed Fire TV owners to take advantage of a bug which caused the app to appear on the Fire TV 's homescreen , even when the app was sideloaded . I 've been seeing word ( and was in the process of confirming ) that this bug had been squashed with the latest software update . Those who have n't updated their Fire TV device to the latest software version were still able to launch Kodi from the homescreen due to its existence in the Amazon appstore .
If you 've purchased Kodi from the Amazon Appstore in the past , it is still associated with your Amazon account , and therefore , will still appear on the Fire TV and Fire TV Stick homescreen 's “ Recent ” section if you 're running an older software version . Do not delete Kodi from your account using Amazon 's “ Apps and Devices ” page or you will not be able to repurchase it . Uninstalling it from your Fire TV or Fire TV Stick will not affect its association with your Amazon account , so uninstalling is safe to do .
Follow AFTVnews on Twitter / Facebook and subscribe via email to be the first to learn when new articles go live . Follow me , Elias Saba , on Twitter and Instagram to see what I 'm working on before it 's posted here .
ShareTweetShare+1
Vegan mayonnaise—which by definition does n't contain eggs—ca n't be marketed as mayonnaise , according to the Food and Drug Administration .
Hampton Creek Foods , Inc. , a health foods company whose best known product is a vegan , egg-free mayonnaise called Just Mayo , was sent a warning letter from the FDA on Aug. 12 .
“ According to the standard of identity for mayonnaise , egg is a required ingredient , ” said the letter , which was released Tuesday and was signed by William A. Cornell , Jr. , the FDA 's director of the office of compliance . “ [ H ] owever , based on the ingredient information on the labels , these products do not contain eggs . We also note that these products contain additional ingredients that are not permitted by the standard , such as modified food starch , pea protein , and beta-carotene , which may be used to impart color simulating egg yolk . Therefore , these products do not conform to the standard for mayonnaise . ”
The FDA requires that a product calling itself “ mayonnaise ” contain at least 65 % vegetable oil and have one or more “ egg yolk-containing ” ingredients .
The “ egg ” of Hampton Creek 's Just Mayo—and Just Mayo Sriracha , which was also cited in the warning letter—is actually a byproduct of Canadian yellow pea and has fast become a popular product on grocery store shelves across the country , TIME reported last year . The company boasts investors that read like the who 's who of the tech world : Bill Gates , Peter Theil and Vinod Khosla all back the San Francisco-based company .
But in November 2014 , Unilever—which owns Hellmann 's Real Mayonnaise—filed a lawsuit against Hampton Creek , arguing the lack of eggs in its Just Mayo disqualifies the product from being classified as a mayonnaise . Unilever dropped the suit less than a month later , with a company spokesperson saying in a statement , “ We believe Hampton Creek will take the appropriate steps in labeling its products going forward . ”
The letter from the FDA also takes issue with Hampton Creek 's claim that Just Mayo is “ cholesterol free , ” as well as the website tagline “ You 'll never find cholesterol in our products , ” saying that “ it is an unauthorized synonym for ‘ cholesterol free . ' ”
The FDA has asked Hampton Creek to respond within 15 business days of receiving the letter . Hampton Creek has yet to do so , and did not immediately respond to TIME 's request for comment .
Write to Tanya Basu at tanya.basu @ time.com .
I was thinking about this during the postseason , which did n't include the New York Yankees , and which included a World Series between two teams with two titles so far this century : the Boston Red Sox and the St. Louis Cardinals . I thought whoever won this year would be our team of the century . So far .
Then I thought I 'd crunch the numbers first .
This is what you get in terms of post-season appearances , LCSes , pennants , and World Series titles . It 's organized by post-season appearances . Caveat : I did n't include the loser of the new one-game wild card playoffs , which , technically , is the post-season , but does n't fit readily into this format . I also included the year 2000 . Arguments on that issue can take place elsewhere , please :
Team Post-Seasons LCSs Pennants Titles New York Yankees 12 7 4 2 St. Louis Cardinals 10 8 4 2 Atlanta Braves 8 1 Boston Red Sox 7 5 3 3 Oakland A 's 7 1 Los Angeles Angels 6 3 1 1 Minnesota Twins 6 1 Los Angeles Dodgers 5 3 Philadelphia Phillies 5 3 2 1 San Francisco Giants 5 3 3 2 Arizona Diamondbacks 4 2 1 1 Detroit Tigers 4 4 2 Tampa Bay Rays 4 1 1 Chicago Cubs 3 1 Chicago White Sox 3 1 1 1 Houston Astros 3 2 1 Cincinnati Reds 2 Cleveland Indians 2 1 Colorado Rockies 2 1 1 Milwaukee Brewers 2 1 New York Mets 2 2 1 San Diego Padres 2 Seattle Mariners 2 2 Texas Rangers 2 2 2 Baltimore Orioles 1 Miami Marlins 1 1 1 1 Pittsburgh Pirates 1 Washington Nationals 1 Kansas City Royals Toronto Blue Jays
The Yankees have appeared in the most post-seasons , 12 of the 14 , and are tied with the St. Louis Cardinals for the most pennants : four .
The Cardinals , though , have been in the most LCSes : 8 . That was a surprise for me . I forgot how many times they kept showing up .
But if it 's all about ringsand what Yankees fan worth their salt would n't say it 's all about rings ? then the century thus far belongs to the Boston Red Sox , who began the century as famous , operatic losers until their glorious comeback in the 2004 ALCS jumpstarted a new tradition .
A follow-up : So who is the biggest loser of the 21st century ? Both Toronto and KC have n't even been to the postseasonToronto tough division , KC idiot managementwhile a few others have made it only once . One of those , the then-Florida Marlins , actually went all the way in 2003 , but they 're an outlier .
The team with the most post-season appearances and no LCS ? Tied between the Reds and the Padres with two each .
How about the team with the most LCS appearances but no pennant ? That would be the Dodgers with 3 . The Mariners are second with 2 .
But look at the Braves up there : Eight postseasons , just one LCS and no pennant . They have the most post-season appearances without a pennant . Yet this organization is now planning on moving its home ballpark from downtown Atlanta ( 55 % white ) to Cobb County ( 66 % white ) for the start of the 2017 season . Weve played in our current facility for quite some time , '' said John Schuerholz , the Braves president . By which they mean since 1997 . So 20 years are apparently the shelf-life of baseball stadiums today . I 'm sure the Mariners organization is taking note .
So are the Braves the biggest losers of the 21st century ? Certainly in the post-season . Plus now they 're being dicks . But at least it 's a smart organization . If I added regular-season futitlity to this chart , I 'm sure the prize of worst team of the century would go to Kansas City . But watch out , Royals ! The Mariners are right on your back .
For Yankees fans , the 21st century has been about the Curse of Big Papi .
Pretty much anyone with a basic knowledge of web security knows to look for the padlock symbol and an address beginning 'https : ' before typing in personal or confidential details . But security researchers say the system behind this safeguard may not be as secure as believed .
You should n't panic immediately , however : the workaround was found by legitimate researchers and the full details are being kept secret for obvious reasons . It would also take both intensive computer power and some other hacking tricks for criminals to exploit the loophole . At the moment , the security gap is more of a principle issue than a practical one .
The issue involves the web 's security certificate system , known as SSL ( Security Sockets Layer ) . The 'https : ' address and padlock symbol show that data sent to and from a site will be encrypted and that the site has a legitimate security certificate proving it really is owned by the person or organization that it claims . The certificate is checked by a third-party authority .
The problem is that both the encryption and the certificate verification are carried out with a mathematical algorithm -- in effect , a series of calculations . Some of the authorities which check certificates still use an algorithm named MD5 which involves what is effectively a password of 32 letters or numbers .
While this seemed perfectly adequate when it was devised in 1991 , security experts say it is n't suitable for today 's Internet use . Researchers have now found that using a barrage of computers , equivalent to a single machine working for 32 years , it 's possible to successfully forge a security certificate to an authority using MD5 . ( Source : cnet.com )
Alexander Sotirov , one of the lead researchers in the project , says the loophole is n't really a bug as the software does exactly what it is designed to do . The problem is that modern computing power is strong enough to crack MD5 and that all certificate authorities should switch to a more modern alternative .
Some authorities are already using SHA-1 which , rather than a 32 digit password , has one of more than 18 million trillion digits ( and yes , that 's a very large number ) . ( Source : nytimes.com )
Days before the anniversary of the worst terrorist attack in U.S. history Obama 's Homeland Security secretary became the highest ranking government official—and first sitting cabinet member—to highlight a convention held annually by a radical Muslim group with extremist origins . The Indiana-based nonprofit is called Islamic Society of North America ( ISNA ) and it was founded by members of the Muslim Brotherhood , the parent organization of Hamas and Al Qaeda . ISNA was a co-conspirator in a huge case involving an Islamic charity ( Holy Land Foundation ) that provided support to a foreign terrorist organization , mainly Hamas .
ISNA conferences often feature contentious speakers , including renowned Islamists and advocates of terrorism . Among them is Imam Warth Deen Umar , who referred to the 9/11 hijackers as martyrs that were secretly admired by Muslims and has called for violent jihad . At one ISNA convention Umar portrayed the Holocaust as punishment of Jews for being “ serially disobedient to Allah , ” according to a research conglomerate recognized as the world 's most comprehensive data center on radical Islamic terrorist groups . The nonprofit , Investigative Project on Terrorism ( IPT ) , published a disturbing report on ISNA that documents its radical ideology and conference speakers throughout the years that include “ some of the world famous Islamists and advocates of Jihad. ” – READ MORE
The Term Structure of Returns : Facts and Theory
NBER Working Paper No . 21234
Issued in June 2015
NBER Program ( s ) : Asset Pricing
We summarize and extend the new literature on the term structure of equity . Short-term equity claims , or dividend strips , have on average significantly higher returns than the aggregate stock market . The returns on short-term dividend claims are risky as measured by volatility , but safe as measured by market beta . These facts are hard to reconcile with traditional macro-finance models and we provide an overview of new models that can reproduce some of these facts . We relate our evidence on dividend strips to facts about other asset classes such as nominal and corporate bonds , volatility , and housing . We conclude by discussing the broader economic implications by linking the term structure of returns to real economic decisions such as hiring and investment .
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC , RIS , BibTeX
Document Object Identifier ( DOI ) : 10.3386/w21234
Published : Jules H. van Binsbergen & Ralph S.J . Koijen , 2017 . `` The term structure of returns : Facts and theory , '' Journal of Financial Economics , vol 124 ( 1 ) , pages 1-21. citation courtesy of
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded * these :
`` All irregularities will be handled by the forces controlling each dimension . Transuranic , heavy elements may not be used where there is life . Medium atomic weights are available : Gold , Lead , Copper , Jet , Diamond , Radium , Sapphire , Silver and Steel . Sapphire and Steel have been assigned ... ''
Sapphire & Steel actually began life as a children 's show called The Time Meddlers . Creator PJ Hammond ( who had already written for shows including The Sweeney , The Professionals , Z Cars , and the fantasy series Ace of Wands ) pitched the series to Thames Television , they were initially interested but for various reasons decided not to develop the series . Hammond then took The Time Menders to a different ITV affiliate , ATV , who were so impressed by the concept and strength of the writing , plus the potential low cost in producing the series , that they asked Hammond to emphasise the creepiness of the series and decided to broadcast the show during prime time hours.It 's amazing to think that ITV , which at the time was very much the home of middle of the road ( read that as bland ) television , agreed to produce such a unique and mind bending series , and to air it twice weekly ( Tuesdays and Thursdays ) . I suppose ITV must have felt they finally had a series that could give Doctor Who a run for its money . And in ideas , story lines and acting , it certainly did.The basic show premise was that time is like a tunnel , with different time zones spread along itself . Outside there are dark forces that take advantage of any weakness , enter and wreak havoc . Extra-terrestrial 'Operatives ' were assigned by an unknown authority to combat the dark forces . As the show would tell us : Sapphire ( played by Joanna Lumley ) and Steel ( David McCallum ) took on human form to resolve the problems . Both of them had special powers , Sapphire could rewind time , see the history of an object and control human minds , whereas Steel was very strong , possessed the power of telekinesis and could drain thermal energy . The pair were also telepathic.Sapphire & Steel boasted intelligent scripts , and dark challenges for the pair of Operatives to tackle . In the first story a time warp develops after the reading of some historic nursery rhymes , this brings Roundhead Soldiers to the 20th Century . Other 'assignments ' include an ancient , faceless life form that could exist in photos , a black entity that fed on the resentment of dead World War 2 soldiers , and a foe so deadly that the only way Steel could be rid of the entity was to offer it the soul of a ghost hunter that they had previously befriended . This would prove to be a shocking twist to one of the finest stories in the series , and certainly not the children 's show PJ Hammond had originally envisioned.The superb onscreen chemistry between David McCallum and Joanna Lumley really helped propel the series to greatness . Lumley was perfect at playing the stunningly beautiful character with an odd air of something quite different about her , whilst McCallum played Steel as cold as their name suggests . The magic of the series lies in the fact that very little is revealed about who they are , what they are , or where they are from.However , ITV panicked when viewers wrote in asking what the series was about ( you would n't get that with BBC viewers - just saying ) , and so despite a very strong premise only 6 'assignments ' ( 34 episodes ) were produced , which were broadcast over 4 years , from 1979 to 1982 , with the last episode not transmitting until two and a half years after it was shot . But this was n't so much down to ratings as other factors that even two Time Operatives could n't have controlled . First , there were industrial strikes to deal with , and then the ITV affiliate ATV lost its contract and was replaced by Central Television . Central decided not to make any more episodes , and so Hammond changed the ending of the last story to make it more of a shock.Epilogue - In 2005 Sapphire & Steel was revived by Big Finish for a new range of audio adventures , starring Susannah Harker as Sapphire and David Warner as Steel . PJ Hammond went on to write for such shows as The Gentle Touch , The Bill and Wycliffe . They were asked to write a story for Doctor Who in the mid 80s , unfortunately this was the year the show went on hiatus and returned with The trial of a Timelord series . Their script for the story Paradise Five was eventually produced by Big Finish as part of their Lost Stories series . Hammond also contributed two scripts for Torchwood , Small Worlds and From Out of the Rain .
When the Bengals entered the postseason in early January , coach Marvin Lewis suggested Andy Dalton had a slim chance to play through a broken throwing thumb .
As it turns out , Dalton could not have returned in January .
Dalton indicated this week that their thumb is finally healthy , but he 's going to hold off on throwing for now .
`` Not throwing yet because we are being very conservative with it , '' Dalton said in a text to Geoff Hobson of the team 's official website . `` I feel like I can throw but no reason to push anything right now . I have plenty of time now to get 100 percent . ''
Dalton might have been ready to play had the Bengals advanced to Super Bowl 50 , but any time before that would have been a `` close , dicey call , '' per Hobson .
An MVP candidate through midseason , Dalton has a chance to build on their 2015 success by returning for offseason workouts beginning April 18 .
It will be an interesting offseason for Dalton 's offense , with quarterbacks coach Ken Zampese replacing Hue Jackson at coordinator and wide receivers Marvin Jones and Mohamed Sanu slated for free agency .
In Illinois , a toddler is now seizure-free after using hemp oil . Their story is a triumph for both themselves and their parents . And thankfully , it 's not at all a fluke . Now that more research is being conducted on medical cannabis , greater numbers of patients are finding relief thanks to the plant .
Epilepsy
Before we talk about getting seizure-free after using hemp oil , let 's go over what seizures actually are . According to the Epilepsy Foundation , seizures are “ sudden surge [ s ] of electrical activity in the brain. ” These surges often cause convulsions throughout the body and may even cause a loss of consciousness .
However , there are few different types of seizures , broadly categorized as focal seizures and generalized seizures . While not every type of seizure causes full-body spasms or a loss of consciousness like you would commonly see in the media , it 's important to be aware of seizure symptoms and treatment .
Epilepsy is the most common cause of seizures , but other factors , like a head injury or high fever ( especially in children ) , can cause them . Epilepsy is a chronic neurological disorder that can affect anyone and can be either congenital or can stem from an illness or injury .
Treating Seizures With CBD
While epilepsy can range in severity , most patients find the disorder manageable with medications that their doctor prescribes for them . But what if those medications do n't work or have even worse side-effects ?
For those with epilepsy who need a better medicine , Dr. Mary Jane might be the answer .
With the continuing research conducted on medical cannabis , there are now doctors who prescribe it for patients suffering from epilepsy . And a number of these sufferers are pediatric patients . One such patient is Silas Algire . He 's a two-year-old living with their parents in Illinois . They are now seizure-free after using hemp oil administered by their parents . We got in touch with their mother , Kiana , to learn more about their journey .
Silas And Kiana Algire
“ He first started having seizures a little bit after they turned one , ” they said . “ The first neurologist we went to said that they had breath-holding spells , which just did n't make sense , so we went for a second opinion . The second neurologist said , without a doubt , [ that Silas had ] seizures and diagnosed them with epilepsy . ”
The doctor prescribed Silas the drug Trileptal . Kiana recounted that it made their baby extremely fussy . And it did n't stop their seizures .
By chance , Kiana had a friend whose son has infantile spasms . Them friend introduced them to the idea of treating Silas with CBD oil and introduced them to the nonprofit organization ECHO Connection . ECHO Connection works to educate people about the healing powers of cannabinoids and even gives charitable donations of CBD products and/or financial aid to patients and caretakers in need . The company HempMeds provides many of the CBD products that ECHO Connection distributes to charity-receiving families—including Real Scientific Hemp Oil , which is what Silas take .
Kiana explained that they give Silas a “ Cheerio-sized ” amount of CBD oil mixed in with their breakfast every morning . He 's only had one seizure since starting the regimen . And it only occurred because they hit their head .
Kiana also told us that when Silas first started having seizures , they had mild developmental delays . But ever since they started taking CBD oil , he 's been a full year ahead in their development .
Final Hit : 2-Year-Old Celebrates Being Seizure-Free After Using Hemp Oil
Silas is n't the only one who is now seizure-free after using hemp oil . With the advances in medical research , more and more patients with epilepsy are turning away from traditional anti-seizure medications in favor of medical cannabis . And many of those patients are kids . The deviation is mostly because of ineffective anti-epileptic meds . And undesirable side-effects that negatively impact the patient 's quality of life .
For the vast majority of patients , medical cannabis does not have the level of side-effects of traditional pills .
“ Before , I never understood why people would not just use the medicine that doctors gave them , ” Kiana said . “ But then it happened to my kid . I understand now . ”
On 19 June , a new exhibit opens at the A+D Museum called COME IN ! S , M , L , XLA .
S , M , L , XLA logo designed by Andrew Byrom
Historically , Los Angeles as a city has been a site of inspiration and exploration for architects and designers alike . The city has been developed around and defined by a variety of large-scale urban planning projects as well as medium and smaller sized residential and public work including housing , product design and technological innovations . Through these various architecture and design projects , the city has nurtured experimental pursuits and critical inquiry and today it continues to expand in the contemporaneous city .
Projects are currently being developed at various scales all over L.A. from miniscule to monumental and everything in-between . Small , medium , large , extra-large Los Angeles takes Rem Koolhaas and Bruce Maus seminal text as a departure point and more importantly as an organizing principle to examine the production and discourse of architecture and design within today 's city of L.A. bringing coherence to the body of work of an emergent group of Los Angeles based designers that span across disciplines from architecture and graphics to digital media and sound art , to jewelry , landscape , lighting , product , and textile design ; the show highlights the ways in which young practitioners are currently thinking and making in Los Angeles in addition to their impact on the present-day city and its future .
Image source -- A+D Museum
Museum Row in Midtown
The website 's description follows : The exhibit highlights the work of artists and designers , includingand ) , and ) , ofand ) , of theof theand ) , , and ) , ) , ) , ) , andThe A+D Museum ( aka Architecture and Design Museum ) was founded in 2001 and originally located in 's iconic . It later moved to , where it currently resides alongside the , the George C. Page Museum , the , andThe A+D is only museum inwith an exclusive emphasis on architecture and design . The exhibition will run from 19 June until 31 August and the opening will be DJed by
It 's been a tough year for the agency tasked with monitoring internal dissent .
First was the Shadow Brokers leak .
The New York Times , citing current and former agency officials , is reporting that a group called the Shadow Brokers has been targeting the NSA with the tools the agency developed to spy on other countries . North Korean and Russian hackers `` picked up '' and `` shot back at the United States and its allies , '' the Times reports .
... According to the Times , the 15-month investigation into the NSA by its counterintelligence arm and the FBI still has not led to a clear source of the leaks .
According to the Times , in an effort to identify those in connection with the leaks , some `` NSA employees have been subjected to polygraphs and suspended from their jobs . '' As a result , `` morale has plunged . ''
Ouch ! The term `` Hoisted by One 's Own Petard ' '' comes to mind .
Then just the other day , the NSA had a really stupid leak .
A virtual disk image belonging to the NSA -- essentially the contents of a hard drive -- was left exposed on a public Amazon Web Services storage server . The server contained more than 100 gigabytes of data from an Army intelligence project codenamed `` Red Disk , '' ZDNet first reported .
The server was unlisted , but it did n't have a password , which meant that anyone who found it could dig through the government 's secret documents .
... '' It was as simple as typing in a URL , '' Vickery said . `` This data was top secret classification , as well as files obviously related to US intelligence networks . It 's stuff used to target people for death , and it was all available in a URL . ''
Vickery said it had been so unbelievably easy to access that when they first discovered it , their first thought was , `` is this real ? ''
Well , that 's a comforting thought .
So we have a spy agency that ca n't keep secrets .
In a sane world that agency would be restructured , or simply done away with .
However , this is Washington we are talking about .
Thrown last-minute into a torrent of competing legislation , a new bill meant to expand the NSA 's broad surveillance powers is the most recent threat to American privacy . It increases who is subject to surveillance , allows warrantless search of American communications , expands how collected data can be used , and treats constitutional protections as voluntary .
It seems all that will be required is for an intelligence agency , any intelligence agency , to claim `` national security '' and they can avoid the constitutional warrant requirement .
Hundreds of locals were evacuated or asked to remain indoors Thursday evening following a massive leak of hazardous materials from a factory in Emek Hefer in central Israel .
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
One firefighter was killed , a 58-year-old man sustained moderate injuries , and 19 others were lightly hurt . Among those evacuated to nearby hospitals were seven firefighters . More than 15 emergency services teams were deployed to the scene from across the country .
Samir Assli , a 34-year-old resident of Kafr Qara , was named as the firefighter killed in the industrial accident . They were a ten-year veteran of the fire department in Hadera .
Photo : Ido Erez
Police cruisers blocked certain sections of the northbound Route 4 and southbound Route 9 .
During routine work at the Hod Hefer factory , an employee hit a pipe leading to storage of ammonia . Emergency crews believe some eights tons of ammonia leaked due to the incident .
People near factory forced to evacuate ( Photo : Ido Erez )
Meanwhile , several contingents of Magen David Adom emergency care teams were deployed to the area . Due to the potential health hazard , people have been ordered to stay up to 2.5 kilometers away from the leak site .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Temperatures in Poland have fallen well below freezing - not putting off these swimmers in the city of Krakow
One of Poland 's deadliest-ever cold snaps killed at least 21 people over the weekend , with temperatures falling to -18C ( -0.4F ) , officials say .
That means that since 1 November at least 39 people have been killed by cold weather in Poland .
Six people slipped and fell to their deaths in the Tatra Mountains on the border with Slovakia .
Meanwhile in the German city of Bremen 300 migrants were reportedly evacuated from tents .
Since the New Year freezing temperatures have made conditions even more difficult for migrants living in temporary accommodation .
The water supply and heating to the tents in Bremen had stopped working , officials told the Neue Osnabrucker Zeitung newspaper .
Other German media said migrants waiting to be registered as refugees were standing in freezing temperatures outside government offices in Berlin , which have reopened after the holidays .
Google Maps
Moe 's Downtown
Moe 's owner Mike Tronoski has confirmed that Moe 's Downtown Tavern will be closing , possibly as soon as the end of the week . “ The last day is tentatively Saturday [ April 27 ] , but that could change , ” they say . “ We have n't closed or signed anything yet. ” There 's no official word on what will replace Moe 's , but we 've heard it will be another restaurant .
Moe 's Downtown opened in 2007 as the second location of the popular Moe 's Crosstown Tavern , which is near Hampton Park . The Crosstown 's authentic neighborhood bar vibe — not to mention its half-price burger night — has earned it a huge following among those who live in the area , and it can be almost impossible to snag a seat during games or Sunday brunch . The Crosstown shut down for almost a year in 2010 to undergo renovations , and when they re-opened in 2011 you could practically hear the neighborhood 's collective sigh of relief .
Despite the same menu and specials , the downtown location just never took off with locals like the Rutledge Avenue original . Maybe it was all the tourists that inevitably piled in — Moe 's Downtown is , after all , just steps from the City Market .
[ Not pictured : the poolside Jumbotron . Photos : Jonathan Phillips , Curbed Atlanta ]
Just in time for college football season — and less importantly , classes — a new Midtown tower chockfull of `` ultra-modern student apartments '' has opened for Georgia Tech pupils with discerning taste . And while he 's probably paying the rent , these University House apartments are not your daddy 's dorms . Gone are the musty communal showers , beaten-down kitchens and deplorable furnishings of higher-education past . The roughly 700 Tech students to nab a bed here will enjoy sparkling city views , vintage arcade games , multiple lounges and a resort-style pool with a freakin ' Jumbotron . Like other new student residences around Atlanta , the project aims to capture demand for off-campus , upscale living . Is it a flunk-out factory in the making , or a case of smart kids finally getting what 's rightfully theirs ? Only time will tell .
· UH - Midtown [ Site ]
Okay so I 'm not quite as sad as you probably think for the title… I have n't done all of my Christmas shopping but I have made a pretty good start , which is n't bad going considering it 's still early September . It looks as though this year will be the first where I wo n't be joining the panicking masses on the 24th December looking to buy any old crap that will pass as a gift for members of my family .
I did n't intend on starting my Christmas shopping at all , it was a bit of an accident . I recently signed up to the newsletter from Promo Vouchers and they sent me a Tesco Direct discount code , so I thought I would take advantage and use it for a barbeque cover as the sudden change in weather has made it obvious that I wo n't be using the new barbeque again this year ( with the exception of bonfire night of course ) . So I logged on to Tesco Direct and it was then that I saw that they already had a section for Christmas and its just sort of went from there . Five days later and here is my Christmas haul :
I have pretty much got everyone sorted now with the exception of my immediate family . I 've been thinking throughout the year what it is I 'd like to get them and I have plenty of ideas , I 'm just hanging on for the right price for everything which will probably in November around Black Friday .
Updated 07/16 to include Motorola 's statement .
Many Android fans arelining up to get Motorola 's latest phone , the Droid X , which hit retail shelves Thursday morning . But the phone has raised the hackles of some Android geeks .
Motorola has reportedly made it difficult for hackers to mod the Droid X by using a bootloader and chip combination that could potentially brick the phone if it is broken . But contrary to speculation by some hackers , the phone wo n't `` self-destruct '' or `` brick '' if it is hacked , says Motorola . The bootloader is the software component that loads the operating system in a gadget .
Android hackers say Motorola 's move has made it extremely difficult , if not impossible , to load custom versions of Android on the Droid X .
`` Motorola wants to keep people from modding their devices , '' says Ryan Mills , an Android modder and blogger . `` I do n't know if they are just afraid for security purposes , or they just want to stay proprietary . ''
However , not everyone agrees that the Droid X will be un-hackable – and it 's impossible to confirm at this point , because almost no one has yet attempted the mod .
`` The Droid X and a majority of Android consumer devices on the market today have a secured bootloader , '' a Motorola spokesperson confirmed to Wired.com .
`` Motorola 's primary focus is the security of our end users and protection of their data , while also meeting carrier , partner and legal requirements , '' says the spokesperson . Verizon declined to comment .
The questions around the ability to hack the Droid X have stirred up a debate about how much a handset maker can control Android , which otherwise touts itself as an open source operating system . Android 's ability to be hacked and modded is one of the major draws of the OS .
Handset makers and wireless carriers decide which operating system can run on a phone and customers usually have no choice in the matter . In the case of Android , hackers have created their own versions of the read-only memory , or ROM , on their cellphones , which holds the firmware . These custom ROMs can be loaded on an Android device to unlock features in a process known as `` flashing . '' That means devices that run the custom ROMs can boast features that the handset manufacturer or carrier may not have otherwise included . DIYers have gone so far as to buy phones running Windows Mobile OS and replace it with Android .
In case of the Droid X , the phone 's processor includes a feature invented by IBM called eFuse . IBM 's eFuse , which is baked into the chips , gives manufacturers the ability to make changes to information on a chip that would otherwise be `` hard coded . '' It also helps manage power and memory in the device .
Commenter p3Droid on the MyDroidWorld forum speculates that the eFuse technology looks for information from the bootloader associated with the device . If it does n't get that , the eFuse trips the boot up process , leading to a potential bricking of the phone .
`` The bootloader in the Droid X is signed with the recovery and the kernel for the device , '' explains Steven Bird , who has created custom ROMs for other devices. `` If those do n't correspond it wo n't work . It 's not any sort of self-destruct in there . ''
Rumors about eFuse 's self-destruct mode are greatly exaggerated , says the Motorola spokesperson .
`` The technology is not loaded with the purpose of preventing a consumer device from functioning , but rather ensuring for the user that the device only runs on updated and tested versions of software , '' they say . `` If a device attempts to boot with unapproved software , it will go into recovery mode , and can re-boot once approved software is re-installed . Checking for a valid software configuration is a common practice within the industry to protect the user against potential malicious software threats . ''
The Droid X is not the only Motorola phone to have this technology , they say . Bird says that many of Motorola 's phones including the Droid , Droid X and Milestone all have chips that integrate the eFuse technology .
`` HTC has a similar technology with the Incredible that made it very difficult to write custom ROMs for it , '' says Bird . `` It just means it takes longer to mod the device . ''
But at this point , almost all of this talk around the Droid X is `` conjecture , '' says Steve Kondik , aka Cyanogen , an Android hacker who runs the highly popular Cyanogen Mod community .
`` From what I have gathered , no one has really tested anything to see if it is true , '' they say . `` One person who has tried to modify the bootloader says the system broke but we know nothing about how the mod was done and if it was done right . ''
Kondik says the first step will be to root – the Android equivalent of jailbreaking – the device . From there , building custom ROMs for the Droid X may be difficult but it can be done , they say .
But it may not be enough to soothe modders like Mills . Mills and a few other Android developers are questioning if Motorola should be part of Android 's Open Handset Alliance if it does n't really want its phones to be toyed with .
Photo : Stefan Armijo/Wired.com
See Also :
Rumor-Mill 2015 : Who 's going where ?
The Dota 2 scene is shuffling once more as teams prepare to set up their final rosters to earn themselves a TI invite for 2015 . If you are confused by what is going on right now , this is the place for you .
Ehome
- UPDATE -
After LV-Gaming took the first place at the D2L lan finals , standin Chai 'Mushi ' Yee Fung posted on their facebook page that the team LV-Gaming fielded will be staying under the new banner of EHOME .
EHOME 's roster :
Yang 'Zyf ' Pu
They 'Inflame ' Yong Zheng
Leong 'DDC ' Fat-Meng
Chai 'Mushi ' Yee Fung
Khoo 'Ohaiyo ' Chong Xin
Former Team DK coach 71 has appeared to make progress in their project to bring back the Ehome brand . What seemed like too expensive sounds like it is going to become a reality . The current LV-Gaming squad that is attending the D2L LAN finals in Las Vegas is supposed to be the first and premier squad of the prestigious brand .
CDEC
In a surprise move , CDEC removed 333 from their roster . Their replacement will be found after Chinese New Year , for now , their coach Mikasa will standin for the team .
CDEC-Gaming roster :
Yao 'Maybe ' Lu
Lin 'garder ' Xinzhou
Zhang ' Q ' Yi
Sun 'Xiaohong ' Zheng
Junjie 'Mikasa ' Tong ( Coach + stand-in )
Alliance
- UPDATE -
Alliance 's manager has published the official roster for the Swedes in the upcoming DAC qualifiers :
Aliance 's roster for DAC :
Jonathan 'Loda ' Berg
Joachim 'Akke ' Akterhall
Pelle Olsson 'Pajkatt ' Lille
Johann 'mynuts ' Andersson
Jerry 'EGM ' Lundkvist
The Swedish juggernaut has been without an official roster for quite some time . Operating with a variety of stand-ins in official matches , Alliance has now decided to take things slow and build up their roster . ComeWithMe has tweeted that the roster is currently comprised of Loda , Akke , MyNuts , AdmiralBulldog and either Pajkatt or 7ckngMad , clarified later however that the Frenchman seems to be out of the question after all and that either Chessie or Pajkatt would make the race , which would n't be too far off considering manager KellyMilkies tweeting out that four out of five players are confirmed , with a fifth being a tryout . At the same time however , they mention that nothing is final yet and that supposed leaks are not true .
Change : Unknown
Cloud 9
As reported by GosuGamers , Cloud 9 is currently practicing with former Team Secret player BigDaddy-N0tail . It appears as if MiSeRy- is their support partner , which would mean the departure of both Aui_2000 and pieliedie . While the Canadian seems to be settling with Evil Geniuses , no news regarding pieliedie 's future has broken out just yet .
Change : Aui_2000 and pieliedie out , BigDaddy-N0tail and MiSeRy- in
Ehome
Former Team DK coach 71 has appeared to make progress in their project to bring back the Ehome brand . What seemed like too expensive sounds like it is going to become a reality . The current LV-Gaming squad that is attending the D2L LAN finals in Las Vegas is supposed to be the first and premier squad of the prestigious brand .
Change : LV-Gaming to Ehome
Evil Geniuses
SumaiL , also known as D3M0N , has confirmed via their Facebook page that they are set to stand-in for the North-Americans during D2L , whereas Arteezy has mentioned on stream that they will not attend the event . Following that announcement , DAC leaked the rosters for Evil Geniuses and Team Secret for the Chinese LAN and EG was listed with both SumaiL and Aui_2000 instead of zai and Arteezy . Aui_2000 will in fact attend D2L as well instead of zai , as confirmed by Ayesee on reddit . Evil Geniuses has not made a statement regarding roster issues yet , although Fear 's recent tweet indicates that the change is in fact true .
Change : Zai and Arteezy out , Aui_2000 and SumaiL in
H4nn1 and Co .
According to Kai 'H4nn1 ' Hanbückers , him , Fly , pieliedie , w33ha and Xcalibur are currently scrimming together to see if they could work together .
Change : Potentially a new team
Invictus Gaming
Chisbug has announced that they will leave the team after the StarLadder Season XI LAN finals - prior to that ChuaN has mentioned in an AMA that the team is set to undergo roster changes . Whether or not Chisbug is the only player to be changed remains to be seen . There are rumors about Faith possibly returning to iG , but neither them nor LGD-Gaming has stated anything in that regard . A hot prospect seems to be BurNing , former Team DK player . They acted as a stand-in during the StarLadder playoffs and will travel with the team to Kiev . Rumor has it they are in talks with iG about a competitive return .
Change : Chisbug out , BurNing maybe in
Lajons
The Swedish lions have acquired themselves a new sponsor and are now the first Dota 2 team for the prestigious eSports orgnization Ninjas in Pyjamas .
Change : picked up by NiP
LV-Gaming
The squad is currently practicing and playing with both Mushi and Ohaiyo as stand-ins , both of which will attend the D2L LAN finals with them . 71 has announced that they want this roster to be the flagship of a possible EHOME comeback . While the former Team DK coach has set their eyes on this team , it appears as if neither Mushi nor Ohaiyo have completely agreed just yet , according to insiders . If the team continues to play together , the question remains whether or not it will run as LV-Gaming or if EHOME returns . According to the DAC qualifier invite list , LV-Gaming has not been invited - but EHOME has .
Change : Mushi and Ohayio maybe in , possibly changing sponsors/organizations
Mineski
Shortly after their participation at the Ok.Dota2 Cup , Filipino team Mineski has chosen to go with a full Filipino line-up again . Johnny and Ah-Fu have been removed and replaced with Yamaguchi and Polo . The team is already set to compete in the upcoming Asia qualifiers for the DAC .
Change : Johnny and Ah-Fu out , Yamaguchi and Polo in
Team Secret
Much like Evil Geniuses , Secret 's roster for the upcoming DAC LAN finals has been leaked on their website , mentioning a completely new roster with Zai and Arteezy . The TeamSecret twitter has since confirmed these changes .
Change : BigDaddy-N0tail and MiSeRy- out , Zai and Arteezy in
iG image by Kelly Kline , NiP image by aftonbladet.se , Secret image by wykhrm
More content on GosuGamers
Human computer interfaces just got a lot more colorful . Graduate student Robert Wang at MIT 's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab ( CSAIL ) has developed a simple but effective system for tracking hand motion that only requires a webcam and a glove . That lycra glove is covered in colorful blotches designed to help the hand tracking software determine how the user is posed . The color based technique allows for cheap and speedy motion capture at an interactive rate , giving you the ability to move virtual objects on the screen . Wang has a great overview of the system in the video below – it 's the most powerful and awesome eye-sore I 've ever seen .
There is a vast array of motion caption hardware systems in development . Gesture based control technology , which will be coming to your TV , video game console , and computer this year , relies on these systems to identify and understand hand positions and motion . Wang , and their advisor Jovan Popovic , have accomplished most of the feats I 've seen in other hand-tracking systems , but with much simpler ( and cheaper ) hardware . The trick is in the colors , which gives the video sampling software reference points to determine hand orientation . Pranav Mistry ( from MIT 's Media Lab ) uses an even simpler version of the color enhanced tracking for their Sixth Sense personal augmented reality device – with just bits of colored tape or marker caps on their fingertips . Though both of these MIT solutions seem silly in appearance , you ca n't argue with their accuracy and speed :
You can find even more videos of the colorful glove tracking system on Wang 's YouTube channel or the project website .
Wang and Popovic have experimented with several different applications for their simplified hand tracking system . According to the related paper , they 've had success with using gesture recognition to read sign language ( ASL ) . They 've also used the motion capture to allow a user to control animated figures . A virtual hand can be moved around to explore diagrams or a walking motion with the fingers can control a bipedal virtual puppet . In physics based simulated worlds , the glove can be used to pick up virtual objects and move them around . There are many possibilities for applying the glove to various augmented reality tasks . Wang also created the following video to highlight some of the more humorous possible applications :
The biggest possible application , however , has to be a general human-computer interface . The next generation of HCI 's are starting to move from the lab to the market , and gesture controls are as likely to succeed as kinetic computing blocks , touchscreens , and all the other possibilities out there . Will Wang 's system be competitive with the likes of Project Natal , gesture controlled TV , and the amazing Minority Report interface ? No , probably not . But it should n't have to be .
By relying only on innovative software , a webcam , and a colorful glove , Wang has carved out another kind of market – the low-end user-empowered side of things . Wang will be releasing a ( free ? ) API soon via the project website , allowing others to presumably make their own gloves and try out the interface for themselves . It would be nice for Wang to make the software open source so that these users could also help innovate and improve the system . For example , the current setup has some limitations when it comes to depth perception and glove placement due to the mono-vision of the webcam . Yet we know that there are ( relatively ) cheap stereoscopic webcams available . A user of the API ( or Wang himself ) could overcome the limitations by updating the software to take advantage of a 3D webcam .
I 've seen a lot of different human computer interfaces but I still have n't found one that clearly stands out as the one that will become a new standard . Chances are that , in the short term , there will be a plurality of systems replacing our use of keyboards and mice . I like Wang 's colorful glove approach to the problem because it is cheap , easy to employ , and primarily reliant upon improvements in software , not hardware . All gesture controls , however , are going to need to find a way to incorporate haptics to give users some sense of feedback from the computers they interact with . Maybe Wang will find a way to include some simple electronics in the glove ( heater , vibrator , electric pulse ) to make the experience more tactile . In any case , I applaud Wang and all the other HCI innovators out there . Every new system is a step closer to finding the next great interface that will enhance and help define our growing dependence on computers .
[ image credits : CSAIL , Wang et al 2010 ]
[ source : CSAIL , Wang et . al 2010 ]
Cogeco Inc. has a grand vision for increasing wireless competition in Canada – and if it gets its way , the cable and media company is interested in entering the market .
During a conference call Thursday , Louis Audet , president and CEO of Montreal-based Cogeco , outlined the company 's detailed proposals for changes to wireless regulations that it plans to present at next week 's hearing in Gatineau , Que . Mr. Audet said if the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission implements its proposals , Cogeco would consider offering its own mobile wireless services , focusing on areas where it already provides cable .
Cogeco 's suggestion is that the CRTC require the Big Three national wireless providers to let small carriers use their radio networks for a standard fee — a proposal that would be a radical change from how the commission currently regulates the industry . Mr. Audet said the regulations need that change to encourage new entrants .
“ Consumers would benefit from a number of alternative creative services that do not exist today , ” they said . “ It 's been an uphill battle . ”
Next week , the CRTC will hold a hearing to investigate the state of competition in the wireless market . If the commission decides it 's not competitive enough , it will consider what actions it should take to change that .
Cogeco 's proposal sits at the extreme end of the CRTC 's options for increasing wireless competition . Desjardins Securities analyst Maher Yaghi said the upside of forcing the big telecom companies to let upstarts use their networks and infrastructure at a discount would be more consumer choice and lower prices , but the downside could be lowed profits and worse network quality .
“ It 's like a pendulum… if you swing it towards the consumer side and you lose all the profitability of the private companies , eventually over a few years , they 'll stop investing and the quality of the network will degrade , ” Mr. Yaghi said . “ The consumer will not be served as well because the service will not be good enough . ”
A CRTC report on the state of the telecommunications industry released Thursday shows the growing importance of mobile wireless communication in Canada . According to the report , about two-thirds of Canadians now own a smartphone or a tablet , a major increase from 2012 when only half of Canadians owned a mobile device .
Despite efforts by the Conservative government to encourage competition , the wireless market continues to be dominated by Rogers Communications Inc. , BCE Inc. and Telus Corp . Smaller competitors control just 8 % of the market , up from 6 % in 2012 , according to the report .
The Conservatives have been trying to encourage the entry of a fourth national wireless carrier , rather than the marketplace of many small carriers piggybacking on the incumbents ' networks that Cogeco envisions . Quebecor Inc. has declared its interest in becoming a fourth carrier , but currently it only provides wireless services to Quebec customers through its subsidiary Videotron .
That 's why wholesale mobile wireless roaming rates , or what one carrier bills another to let customers use its network , are going to be the hot topic of discussion in Gatineau next week . Before making the large investment necessary to become a national wireless provider , Quebecor has said it wants to be sure it wo n't have to pay punitive rates when its customers go out of range of its cell towers and onto rivals ' networks .
The CRTC has already banned the Big Three providers from requiring smaller carriers who want roaming access to their networks to sign exclusivity agreements barring them from making roaming deals with competitors as well . Last spring , the government also issued an interim rule that caps the amount carriers can charge competitors for access to their networks at the average rate they charge their own retail customers .
Unsurprisingly , the big telecos do n't love the idea of being required to let competitors use their infrastructure — in which they invested billions of dollars to build — at a discount .
In its submission to the CRTC in advance of the hearing , BCE 's Bell Mobility said the regulator should be careful not to take away the incumbents ' incentive to invest in improving networks .
“ If the right balance is not struck , and regulation goes too far , there is a real risk that investments will be dampened and Canada 's status as a wireless world leader will be threatened , ” Bell said in its submission .
The hearing will run from Monday to Friday next week . The Competition Bureau , Cogeco and Globalive Wireless Management Corp. , the upstart carrier operating as Wind Mobile , are on the agenda Monday .
This is a translation of the editorial from the first Charlie Hebdo published since the Paris attacks . It is reproduced here in solidarity with Charlie Hebdo .
For a week now , Charlie , an atheist magazine , has accomplished more miracles than all the saints and prophets together . That of which we are the proudest is that you have in your hands the magazine that we have always produced , in the company of those who have always produced it .
What made us laugh the most , is that the bells of Notre Dame rang in our honor ... for a week now , Charlie has been moving far more than mountains across the world . For a week now , as Willem has shown us so magnificently in their drawing , Charlie has many new friends . Some anonymous , and some global celebrities . Some humble and some affluent . Some miscreants and some religious leaders . Some sincere and some akin to jesuits . Some who will be with us for the rest of our lives , and some who are just passing by .
We take them all on board today , we have neither the time nor the heart to separate them out . But that does n't mean that we are fooled . We wholeheartedly thank those in their millions whether simple citizens or embodying institutions who are truly at our sides , who deeply and sincerely `` are Charlie . '' They will know who they are . Pissing off the others who do n't give a fuck anyway .
There is however a question which still gnaws away at us : Are we finally going to see the foul expression `` secular fundamentalist '' disappear from political and intellectual lexicon ?
Are we finally going to stop devising learned semantic expressions describing equally assassins and their victims ?
In recent years , we have felt rather lonely , trying to push back with our pencils straightforward bullshit and pseudo-intellectual subtleties that they were throwing at our faces and that of our friends who were strongly defending secularism : Islamophobes , Christianophobes , troublemakers , people assuming no responsibility , those who throw oil on the fire , racists , you-asked-for-it ... yes we condemn terrorism , but . Yes it is not good to threaten cartoonists with death , but . Yes , setting fire to a magazine 's headquarters is wrong , but .
We 've heard it all , as have our friends . We 've often tried to laugh it off , because that 's what we 're best at .
But now , really , we 'd like to laugh at something else . Because it 's already starting again .
Cabu , Charb , Honore , Tignous , Wolinski , Elsa Cayat , Bernard Maris , Moustapha Ourrad , Michel Renaud , Franck Brinsolaro , Frederic Boisseau , Ahmed Merabet , Clarissa Jean-Philippe , Philippe Braham , Yohan Cohen , Yoav Hattab , Francois-Michel Saada , their blood was not yet dry and Thierry Meyssan was explaining to their Facebook fans that this was obviously a Judeo-western-American conspiracy .
Who were the victims ?
We were already hearing , here and there , these delicate people put on airs and graces on witnessing last Sunday 's gathering , dribbling endless pettiness , seeking to justify , openly or in whispers , terrorism and religious fascism , expressing indignation at the fact that we can say police = SS , among other things .
No , in this massacre , no one death is less unjust than another . Franck , who died in Charlie 's premises , and all their [ police ] colleagues killed during this barbaric week , died to defend ideas which may not even have been their own .
Nevertheless we are going to try to be optimistic , even though it is out of season .
We will hope that as of this January 7 , 2015 , strongly defending secularism will be second nature for everyone .
That we will finally stop posturing for electoral reasons or through cowardice , legitimizing or even tolerating community separatism and cultural relativism , which lead to but one thing : Religious totalitarianism .
Yes , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is a fact , yes , international geopolitics is a succession of manoeuvres and underhand blows , yes , the social situation of `` populations of Islamic origin '' in France , as people say , is deeply unjust , yes , we must fight unremittingly against racism and all types of discrimination .
Fortunately there are several instruments with which we can try to solve these serious problems but they are all inoperative if one of them is missing : Secularism . Not affirmative secularism , not inclusive secularism , not I-don't-know-what-kind-of-secularism . Secularism full stop .
Pushing for universal rights , it alone , allows for equality , liberty , brotherhood and sisterhood . It alone allows for total freedom of conscience which all religions , as soon as they move from the arena of the strict intimate into the political arena , deny , more or less openly according to their marketing position . Oddly enough , it alone allows believers and others to live in peace . All those who claim to defend Muslims , while accepting the totalitarian religious rhetoric , are in fact defending their executioners . The first victims of Islamic fascism are the Muslims .
The millions of anonymous people , all the institutions , all the heads of state and government , all the political , intellectual and media celebrities , all the religious dignitaries who this week proclaimed `` Je Suis Charlie '' should know that also means `` I am secularism . '' We are convinced that as far as most of our supporters are concerned , that goes without saying . The others can do what they like with it .
Last but not least . We would like to send a message to Pope Francis , who this week , they as well , `` is Charlie '' : We will only accept that the bells of Notre Dame are ringing in our honour when it is the Femen who are ringing them .
10 Facts To Put Struggling Germaphobes At Ease
Many people consider themselves germaphobes to some degree ( or if they do n't , their less sanitary friends do ) . Mysophobia , the technical term for fear of germs , is something that can get out of hand rather quickly if you let it . That 's why we decided to peruse some of the more common germ-related beliefs out there and weed out those that are complete bunk in order to maintain the sanity of anyone teetering on the brink of letting their phobia get the best of them . You 're welcome .
1 . Public toilet seats are totally safe to sit on . You ca n't get infections or catch diseases just from your skin coming in contact with them . That 's the point of skin , after all . Sure , if the seat is covered in urine/feces or you have an open wound , you 'd still be better off parking your keister elsewhere , but bacteria and viruses ( including STDs ) begin to die the second they lose contact with your body . Furthermore , once they land on the surface of a toilet seat , it 's lights out . To put a toilet seat into perspective , they generally have around 1,000 bacteria or fewer on their surfaces , while an object such as the average shoe contains millions .
2 . Those of you who still prefer a seat cover as opposed to laying your bare cheeks on a cold , uninviting toilet seat should consider the fact that much like many of the overly cautious behaviors of a struggling germaphobe , they do n't help one bit when it comes to preventing the spread of germs . But if it 's strictly the psychological comfort you 're after , by all means , keep doing what you 're doing .
3 . The soap you use on your hands and body does n't need to be labeled “ antibacterial ” in order to get the job done . The purpose of soap – all soap – is simply to get germs and viruses off of our hands . The real trick behind a good hand-washing is making sure to rinse them thoroughly with soap for 15 to 20 seconds ( more on that in Fact # 4 ) . Furthermore , triclosan , the antibacterial agent found in antibacterial soap , has even been known to create resistant strains of bacteria in some lab experiments , giving you all the more reason not to let your all-consuming quest for cleanliness consume you .
4 . While a Michigan State University study in 2013 found that only five percent of people properly wash their hands in public bathrooms , it 's not for lack of trying . While they may be doing it incorrectly , it 's better than skipping out altogether . If soap is available , roughly two-thirds of the population will use it , with only 10 percent not washing their hands at all , and the remainder opting to do so without soap . It may not be perfect , but we 're guessing those are better numbers than you 'd expect .
Tip : For what is consid ered a “ proper ” hand wash , the CDC recommends running your hands under clean ( warm or cold ) water , and lathering well with soap while making sure to scrub both the front and back of your hands , in between fingers , and under the nails as best you can before rinsing your hands clean once again . The whole process should last about 20 seconds , which is the equivalent of singing the “ Happy Birthday ” song twice over . Be sure to then dry your hands with either a clean towel or a hand dryer .
5 . Speaking of hand dryers , if you avoid them like the plague due to an ill-conceived notion that the blowing air spreads germs around the bathroom even more , you 'd be wise to reconsider . Various tests sampling the air around hand dryers in busy restrooms showed no signs of increased bacteria whatsoever . Of course , if these hand dryers are touch activated , it might be beneficial to use a towel instead , as not only are they the more sanitary option , but the hand dryer buttons themselves will have accumulated some germs along the way . You could also simply start them up before washing your hands , as well .
6 . Going back to Fact # 4 , since roughly two-thirds of people wash their hands , surfaces such as hand dryer buttons and , yes , even the dreaded bathroom door handle , still are n't nearly as infested with germs as you might anticipate . Much like the surface of a toilet seat , the bacteria that does manage to make its way onto door handles ca n't last all that long without a warm body to latch onto . Sure , public bathroom handles are more heavily trafficked and , hence , contain more bacteria than the average doorknob , but bacterial infections such as salmonella usually need to come in hefty doses to cause much of an effect on your body , so the odds of catching a bad case from even the filthiest door handle are pretty slim .
7 . Much like bathroom door handles , the money that most of us come in contact with on a daily basis is n't nearly as germ infested as we are led to believe . Sure , you still do n't want to eat without washing your hands after handling it , but no sane person would ever recommend eating without washing your hands anyways . Basically , due to money being dry , it does n't allow for bacteria to multiply to levels that would make you sick to the touch . And where coins are concerned , the metal in them actually acts as an antibacterial agent .
8 . While anyone with young children knows it 's nearly impossible to keep them clean , the types of germs your children ( and in turn , you ) are exposed to depend on where they play . For instance , while bacteria reside in places such as gardens and large , grassy areas in your backyard , the particular germs involved are n't pathogenic , which means they 're harmless to humans . However , if there are a lot of animal droppings around , this advice is null and void . Sandboxes are the true enemy , as they are the biggest target for animal droppings , and can even contain parasites that can harm your children .
9 . When it comes to cold and flu season , people tend to steer clear of crowded , confined spaces as much as possible for fear of infection via gross people . However , these outbreaks often co incide with major holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas , when people HAVE to fly . Although you might think it is then impossible not to get sick in that situation , remember that most commercial airplanes are equipped with HEPA air filters which filter 99.9 percent of the bacteria and viruses in the air . As long as you keep your hands as clean as possible and avoid ( if you can ) anyone coughing and sneezing in your immediate vicinity , you should be in ship shape . Rhinovirus , which causes the common cold , is transmitted through surface contact , so if you ca n't get to a sink , at least avoid touching your nose or eyes as much as possible .
Oh , and if your special lady/fella has a cold , always remember that most cold viruses do n't even exist in saliva , so you can still feel free to kiss them all you 'd like ( just avoid their ear and nose fluids , which frequently carry viruses ) .
10 . Those struggling with their fear of germs obviously dread shaking hands more than the average person . While we 'd love to tell you that your fears are unwarranted , as it turns out , 80 percent of all infectious diseases are transferred through direct ( e.g . kissing ) or indirect ( e.g . shaking hands ) contact . However , you do n't necessarily have to shake someone 's hand to greet them properly . A high-five can be a bit cheesy at times , but considering it cuts germ transfer nearly in half , it 's not a bad route to take . Similarly , the fist bump , which has become more and more acceptable as a greeting through the years , transfers 20 times fewer bacteria than your average handshake , leaving you with plenty of other options when it comes to spreading the love without spreading the germs .
A few weeks ago , across this page , my friend and former partner Jaime Watt , smacked smart-aleck progressives for insults about short fingers , long ties , and dim bulbs as their Trump attack strategy . He 's right : insult and satire are rarely effective tools in shifting political allegiances . As Jaime pointed out they can even solidify one 's base if they believe that they are from a social class that gets no respect either . As they added last week , there also the “ cry wolf ” risk . But here 's the rub .
`` We need to figure out a better way to open the eyes of the millions of Trump voters who are about to be badly hurt by a congenital liar , '' writes Robin Sears . ( Mark Wilson / GETTY IMAGES )
We need to figure out a better way to open the eyes of the millions of Trump voters who are about to be badly hurt by a congenital liar . In the past two weeks they have proposed a massive transfer of wealth in a tax cut for the wealthy , while slashing an array of spending programs that many poor and rural Trump families depend on . Oh , and probably committed a criminal obstruction of justice offence . They rammed through a bill that contains a dozen toxic pills for the poor and the elderly , most egregiously a cut in Medicaid— the American health care for the poor — by $ 880 billion , a 25 per cent reduction . Next will come a series of regulatory changes to labour codes , environmental and health and safety rules , none of which are designed to improve the lives of the weakest and most vulnerable Americans , many of them Trump voters . Trump has lied and lied to those who voted for them and is so far getting away with it .
Article Continued Below
Big victories in American politics , even those won by more truthful politicians than this nasty clown , are almost inevitably followed by a mid-term disappointment . On historical form the GOP is due to lose about 35 seats in 2018 — even if things are going well . If Trumpcare crashes in the U.S. Senate — a likely prospect — and tax reform fails there too , the number of new Democratic members of congress is likely to be higher still . The GOP majority is vulnerable . That loss of the House could unlock very damaging consequences for a more stabile Trump administration . Not least among them would be the Democrats power to name a special prosecutor , who could then subpoena Trump 's tax records , and much else besides . Their determination to keep them hidden can only mean one thing : they will not present a pretty picture of their ethics or business practices . Let alone their insalubrious choice of business partners — from the American to the Russian mob . However , the Democratic Party can not afford to run the same campaign that the GOP used against Obama in 2010 , where they got clobbered significantly over their health care plan . The reasons so many white working class voters defected to Trump have not changed . The Democrats are still absent a coherent vision of how they could restore hope for an increasingly stressed class of voters that includes many key elements of their traditional base . Their leadership is old and sounds it . Their up and comers are few and not being given a chance to shine . Respected U.S. academic https : //www.ft.com/content/9d657fb8-3506-11e7-bce4-9023f8c0fd2eJoan WilliamsEND has just written what sounds like a very impressive analysis of white working class anger at the Dems . Like U.K. Labour , French Socialists and German Social Democrats — for that matter , much of the progressive democratic world — tThe Democrats have failed in addressing three transformative changes : job-killing artificial intelligence , globalization 's undermining of national economic decision-making , and climate change . The last is the hardest for progressives , in that the level of public support for the dramatic changes of direction required is weak . Worse still they have communicated a snobbery towards fat , racist , opioid-wounded , angry , white , working-class voters .
Each of these failures has contributed to most damaging defeat for the postwar consensus of every progressive government : greater equality must always be a priority . Until recently , even conservatives accepted the wisdom of a progressive tax system . Until recently , memory of real poverty and its impact on children , families , and society itself was still powerful for most leaders . Today 's progressive elites have few such memories let alone experience . The progressive failure to articulate a believable vision created a huge opening for the same dishonest political frauds that ruined the first half of the last century . The collapse of the more astonishingly wicked or dumb among them — Geert Wilders and Marine Le Pen — is little comfort .
Article Continued Below
That sixty per cent of Americans who can not abide their president is less important than that 9 out of 10 of Trump 's voters would vote for them again today ! Those numbers make it impossible to disagree that sneers are not a strategy . The harder part is developing a more effective one . We must get started . Robin V. Sears , a principal at Earnscliffe Strategy Group and a Broadbent Institute leadership fellow , was an NDP strategist for 20 years .
Ok , this should be the last of the card magic for a while . But there is actually some relevance to recent discussion , as we will see ; I was reminded of this trick by the prisoner puzzle from the last couple of posts . I will describe the effect , including a “ computer version ” that makes for an interesting classroom exercise , and finally present a generalization of some mathematical results about how the trick works .
First , the original effect , as credited to William Fitch Cheney , Jr . The magician turns their back ( or leaves the room ) , and asks a spectator to look through a standard 52-card poker deck and select any 5 cards . For example :
The magician 's assistant takes the chosen cards , then hands four of them , one at a time , back to the spectator who announces each card in turn to the magician , until one card remains , known only to the spectator and the assistant :
After hearing the four cards , the magician immediately announces the fifth chosen card , the ace of diamonds !
It is an interesting problem to determine how the trick is done . The relationship to last week 's prisoner puzzle is clearly seen : in both cases , we are presented with an arbitrarily selected configuration of objects , and we must communicate some information about that configuration by modifying it in some limited way .
The trick obviously requires two parties , both of whom know how it works : the assistant to select and order the subset of 4 cards , and the magician to determine the remaining card . However , we can replace either or both of the assistant and the magician with a computer , which can be convenient for experimenting with the trick repeatedly , particularly in the classroom where students can search for patterns in the way cards are selected and ordered . In fact , performing the trick does not even require an actual deck of cards ; the spectators/students can simply name their chosen cards .
To that end , following are two ( deliberately comment-free ) Python scripts that substitute for the assistant and the magician :
The assistant :
import itertools ranks = [ 'ace ' , 'two ' , 'three ' , 'four ' , 'five ' , 'six ' , 'seven ' , 'eight ' , 'nine ' , 'ten ' , 'jack ' , 'queen ' , 'king ' ] suits = [ 'clubs ' , 'diamonds ' , 'hearts ' , 'spades ' ] print ( `` I am the magician 's assistant . Please select any five cards from a '' ) print ( `` standard deck , e.g. , 'ace of clubs ' , 'two of diamonds ' , etc . '' ) cards = [ ] for i in range ( 5 ) : while True : try : card = input ( 'Enter card { 0 } : '.format ( i + 1 ) ) card = card.lower ( ) .split ( ) cards.append ( ( ranks.index ( card [ 0 ] ) , suits.index ( card [ -1 ] ) ) ) break except ( IndexError , ValueError ) : print ( 'Invalid card , please try again . ' ) for ( i , j ) in itertools.combinations ( range ( 5 ) , 2 ) : if cards [ i ] [ 1 ] == cards [ j ] [ 1 ] : offset = ( cards [ j ] [ 0 ] - cards [ i ] [ 0 ] ) % 13 if offset > 6 : ( i , j ) = ( j , i ) offset = 13 - offset order = [ cards [ k ] for k in ( set ( range ( 5 ) ) - set ( ( i , j ) ) ) ] order.sort ( ) order = list ( list ( itertools.permutations ( order ) ) [ offset - 1 ] ) order.insert ( 2 , cards [ i ] ) break print ( 'Read the following cards in order to the magician : ' ) for ( rank , suit ) in order : print ( 'The { 0 } of { 1 } . '.format ( ranks [ rank ] , suits [ suit ] ) )
The magician :
import itertools ranks = [ 'ace ' , 'two ' , 'three ' , 'four ' , 'five ' , 'six ' , 'seven ' , 'eight ' , 'nine ' , 'ten ' , 'jack ' , 'queen ' , 'king ' ] suits = [ 'clubs ' , 'diamonds ' , 'hearts ' , 'spades ' ] print ( `` I am the magician . Please tell me four of the cards that you selected '' ) print ( `` in order as given to you by my assistant . '' ) cards = [ ] for i in range ( 4 ) : while True : try : card = input ( 'Enter card { 0 } : '.format ( i + 1 ) ) card = card.lower ( ) .split ( ) cards.append ( ( ranks.index ( card [ 0 ] ) , suits.index ( card [ -1 ] ) ) ) break except ( IndexError , ValueError ) : print ( 'Invalid card , please try again . ' ) rank , suit = cards [ 2 ] order = ( cards [ 0 ] , cards [ 1 ] , cards [ 3 ] ) offset = list ( itertools.permutations ( sorted ( order ) ) ) .index ( order ) + 1 rank = ( rank + offset ) % 13 print ( 'The remaining card is the { 0 } of { 1 } ! '.format ( ranks [ rank ] , suits [ suit ] ) )
There is a lot of interesting mathematics in this trick . See the references below for two great detailed discussions ; Simonson and Holm in particular describe the trick as a tool for student investigation of the many involved areas of discrete mathematics .
One question that has been addressed frequently is , with how large a deck of cards may the trick be performed ? It turns out that 52 cards is nowhere near the limit ; the trick is possible even with a deck of 124 cards . More generally , the papers below show that , given any m-subset of n cards , it is possible to determine the remaining card from an appropriate arrangement of of them , if and only if .
The main point of this post is to generalize this further . It is often the case in mathematics that a problem may be easier to tackle– or at least more elegant– if we try to solve a slightly harder problem instead . I think this is one of those cases . Consider the following more general form of the trick : for a triple , with , given any m-subset of n cards , arrange k of them so that the remaining cards may be determined . Thus , for example , Fitch 's original trick corresponds to the triple ( 52 , 5 , 4 ) . Then we will show that the trick is possible if and only if
where the left-hand side is the binomial coefficient and the right-hand side is the falling factorial . More simply , the number of subsets of m cards must be at most the number of arrangements of k cards .
Proof : That the condition is necessary is straightforward , since each possible subset of m cards chosen by the spectator must be “ communicated ” to the magician by a distinct k-arrangement . To show TONCAS ( the obvious necessary condition is also sufficient– I was a student of West : ) ) , consider the bipartite graph G with partite sets S and T , where S is the set of all m-subsets of n cards , and T is the set of all k-arrangements , with edges defined by inclusion . A matching saturating S would correspond to a strategy for performing the trick .
The König-Egerváry theorem states that the maximum size of a matching in a bipartite graph equals the minimum size of a vertex cover . A simple corollary guarantees a matching of size at least , since each vertex in a cover is incident to at most edges . Assuming — the condition in the theorem– this ratio is , thus G has a matching saturating S .
To wrap up , note that the theorem proved in the references corresponds to the particular case , in which case the graph G for the bounding condition is regular and . Here we are simply making use of the more general version of Hall 's marriage theorem mentioned by Simonson-Holm… or the Birkhoff–von Neumann theorem for doubly-stochastic matrices used by Kleber , or the König-Egerváry theorem , or Menger 's theorem about graph connectivity , or the Ford-Fulkerson theorem about network flows , or Dilworth 's theorem about partially ordered sets… all of which are equivalent !
References :
Kleber , M. , The Best Card Trick . Mathematical Intelligencer , 24 ( 2002 ) . [ PDF ] Simonson , S. and Holm , T. , Using a Card Trick to Teach Discrete Mathematics . Primus : Problems , Resources and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies , 13 ( 2003 ) :248-269 . [ PDF
New Delhi : Reliance Industries Ltd ( RIL ) is targeting a revenue market share of 50 % for Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd by 2021 , the company said in the first guidance it has provided analysts on its telecom business .
RIL also said in a presentation to analysts on Thursday that Reliance Jio 's Ebitda margin will exceed 50 % by that year . Ebitda is short for earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortisation—an indicator of operating profitability .
The target set in a conference call by RIL for 2021 exceeds the current revenue market share of Bharti Airtel Ltd , India 's largest telecom company , of 33 % .
ALSO READ : Reliance Jio Prime 4G data plans : What you need to know
RIL 's forecasts are based on its estimates that revenue of India 's telecom industry will increase 50 % from current levels to Rs3 trillion by 2021 , largely driven by demand for data , while voice revenue will fall from Rs1.5 trillion to Rs0.5 trillion .
RIL also believes as many as 400 million subscribers can afford to spend Rs500 and more on digital services , leading to increased average revenue per user .
“ Shift of Rs1 lakh crore from voice will take data revenue to Rs1.3 lakh crore , '' RIL said in a presentation , which has been reviewed by Mint .
The increased demand for data will be driven by mobile-phone screen size , image resolution , data speeds and time spent . RIL expects average consumption of 10 GB per month across all telecom zones . It claimed that Reliance Jio caters to 85 % of mobile data traffic in India currently and can support more than 60 % of the data market by 2020-21 .
“ Industry growth was low in last 5 years , next 5 years to see rapid growth with data explosion , '' it said .
Since its launch in September , Reliance Jio claims to have signed up 100 million subscribers . Its entry , with zero tariffs until 31 March , has unleashed a price war in the telecom industry , with incumbents cutting rates to retain customers .
ALSO READ : Reliance shares touch nine-year high intraday after Ambani revamps holding
Since Reliance Jio 's launch , the telecom industry has lost about 20 % of its revenue , India Ratings and Research said , revising its sectoral outlook for 2017-18 to “ negative '' . Shares of RIL rose 2 % to Rs1,258.45 on Friday while the benchmark Sensex edged down 0.03 % to 28,832.45 points . RIL 's forecasts failed to impress some analysts .
Credit Suisse in a note to investors said that its analysts find “ targets for both industry revenues and Jio market share aggressive '' , especially as this level of ARPU expansion has never been seen globally ; intensifying competition amid Jio 's bid to gain share will keep the ARPUs depressed , it said . ARPU is short for average revenue per user .
In addition to an update about their plans and business outlook , the Reliance Jio management also provided insights into future product launches , such as Jio Car Connect , Credit Suisse said . “ Apart from mobile data , we see fibre to the home ( FTTH ) as a key revenue driver for Jio . We expect management focus to shift to FTTH post successful commercial roll out of the mobile network , '' it said .
[ edit : ReSynth2 has now been released ]
Today , I am glad to announce the first beta of ReSynth2 .
It has really been a community lead project for this iteration . It started off with a poll of user feedback of requested features and I think I managed to get nearly all of them in .
First , the bad news : Despite leading the poll , FM synthesis has not been included . This was mainly due to keep the code sane and it really made the GUI a horrendous clutter . However . stay tuned for a potential new FM synthesis tool in the future…
Now onto the good stuff :
Here it is . ReSynth2 beta :
ReSynth2 has been a complete rewrite and is internally much cleaner than the original ReSynth . This has lead to less code duplication and a much faster synthesis .
Because of the speed gains , I managed to add additional features and keep the general overall speed about the same .
Guided walkthrough of the features :
Immediately , you can see there are four oscillators . This allows you to create some BIG sounds .
Each oscillator can be either ‘ analog ' or ‘ wavetable ' . These will be explained later .
Each oscillator has a ‘ calm ' or ‘ harsh ' setting . This changes the sounds interpolation settings and has the overall effect of something similar to oscillator smoothing .
The analog oscillator has four basic waveforms :
sin/tri
pulse wave
sawtooth
noise
The analog oscillator has retained the wavemod control but the behaviour is slighty different depending upon the waveform .
For sin/tri is morphs the sample from a pure sine wave to a more triangular waveshape .
For pulse waves , it sets the default pulse width ( 50 % down to 0.8 % ) .
For sawtooth and noise it has no affect .
The wavemod can also have an LFO applied . This has both a depth control for the amount of LFO to apply and the length of the LFO ( from 2 up to 256 wavecycles ) . To maintain speed , it is only applied if both of these are > 1 .
Next along is the settings for the wavetable oscillators . This allows the user to quickly and easily load in their own samples to replace an analog oscillator . Samples must be placed in the ‘ waveforms ' folder within the tool . Each folder will appear as a ‘ wavebank ' within which all ‘ .wav ' samples are listed as available ‘ waveforms ' . Samples should be tuned to ‘ C ' .
Each oscillator has a transpose ( -24 to +24 semitones ) and fine tuning ( -63 to +64 cents ) control .
Each oscillator has a volume ( off , or -36 to +12db ) and panning ( 50L to 50R ) control .
Patch management has been really simplified , just treat the instrument as a normal XRNI . Everyone will be able to play the instrument due to the prerendering of waveforms , while users who have the tool installed will be able to simply open the instrument and continue editing .
If the sample editor is visible in the main Renoise window , modifying the controls ( via GUI or MIDI ) will display the associated updated waveform to visually show what changes are occuring .
To display the values assocated with any rotary dials on the GUI , hover the mouse over the control and the tooltip will display the current value .
Most controls are MIDI mappable . The only exception is the wavetable bank and wave selection boxes as if you have many files in the sample folder , sometimes you can not select some due to the limited resolution of MIDI controls .
As with Resynth1 , all instrument envelopes , filter settings etc will need to be set from the normal Renoise window due to no API access .
To access the tool , select ‘ New Resynth Instrument ' to start afresh or ‘ Open as Resynth Instrument ' to attempt to open the selected instrument as a Resynth patch . These menu items appear both in the instrument list and the Tools main menu .
Enjoy !
Please give feedback . Like it ? Found a bug ? Made it crash ? Made a great sound ? Reply to this thread please .
[ edit : we found a bug on IRC . on startup , each oscillator is set to -3dB . For four oscillators this results in a total instrument peak of +6dB . Thus , if your headroom is above -6dB you will experience clipping . This will be fixed in the defaults for the final release ]
[ edit2 : beta1 removed , get release candidate 1 here ]
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump 's version of “ black outreach ” is anything but . Above , Trump on Monday in Akron , Ohio . Angelo Merendino/Getty Images
It 's clear that Donald Trump 's “ black outreach ” is n't actual outreach to black communities . A Trump who wanted to reach black voters would speak to black churches , black colleges , and organizations like the NAACP or the Urban League . The actual Trump , instead , has made their pitch to lily-white audiences in towns and neighborhoods with few black residents . And for good reason . Trump is never going to win more than a token percentage of black voters . If they want the White House , he 'll need to persuade as many white voters as possible , and a visible commitment to diversity is one way to win over a certain class of right-leaning , suburban whites .
Or at least , that 's my theory . And it fits the history of modern Republican presidential campaigns , where visible overtures to black voters were part of the process , from Richard Nixon in 1968 to George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004 . But there 's a problem . In the past 24 hours , Trump 's message to blacks has gone from unusual— “ you have nothing to lose ” —to something on the border of racist . Listen to what the Republican nominee had to say to an almost all-white audience in Akron , Ohio , on Monday evening .
“ Poverty . Rejection . Horrible education . No housing . No homes . No ownership . Crime at levels nobody has seen , ” said Trump , painting a dystopian picture of black life for rallygoers . “ You can go to war zones in countries that we 're fighting and it 's safer than living in some of our inner cities . They 're run by the Democrats . ”
Trump continued . “ Look , it is a disaster the way African Americans are living , ” they said , erroneously suggesting that most black Americans live in inner cities . “ We 'll get rid of the crime . You 'll be able to walk down the street without getting shot . Right now , you walk down the street , you get shot . ”
As big a problem as violent crime is in the nation 's most segregated and impoverished communities , the world Trump describes does n't exist for the vast majority of black Americans in 2016 . For them , as for most Americans , crime is at historic lows , and cities are safer than they 've ever been .
Despite this , Trump seems to envision an America where all blacks live in cities that are one part the Detroit riots of 1967 , one part the Los Angeles riots of 1992 , and one part John Carpenter 's Escape From New York . *
Which is all to say that Trump has taken their earlier appeal to black voters—or rather , their appeal to whites vis-à-vis blacks—and pushed it in a lurid and fantastical direction . In Akron , Trump did n't describe life for black Americans as much as they described a white supremacist fantasy in which blacks live miserable , brutish , and nearly subhuman lives in cities dominated by feckless Democrats . And they punctuated that fantasy with a call to vigilance for their audience , asking them to watch out for “ fraud ” in those same neighborhoods .
“ You 've got ta get every one of your friends , ” Trump said . “ You 've got ta get every one of your family . You 've got ta get everybody to go out and watch and go out and vote . And when I say watch , you know what I 'm talking about , right ? You know what I 'm talking about . I think you got ta go out and you got ta watch. ” That Trump is referencing black communities is made evident by the fact that they first debuted this language after warning of voter fraud in the largely black precincts of inner-city Philadelphia .
After the rally in Akron , in an interview with Bill O'Reilly , they elaborated on this rhetoric , with a promise to reduce crime by letting “ tough ” police take charge . “ I know police in Chicago , ” Trump said . “ If they were given the authority to do it , they would get it done. ” Trump did n't specify “ it , ” but it 's worth noting that last year , Chicago created a reparations fund for surviving victims of torture carried out by the city police .
None of these counts as “ outreach ” to black voters . But it also goes beyond traditional coded appeals to conservative whites . It sounds less like rhetoric from a Republican presidential nominee—or at least , rhetoric used in public—and more like a headline at Breitbart or other white nationalist forums and websites , where racist fearmongering is the norm and where black Americans and their communities are often portrayed in sensational and offensive ways . We 're a news cycle or two from Trump invoking the knockout game .
There 's no question that they want to win over white suburban voters—he needs them to have any chance of winning the Oval Office . But Trump is ignorant and undisciplined , with aides and advisers who swim in the shallow waters of nativism and white nationalism . Their attempt to reach a different tranche of white voters through performative empathy for black voters has become , it seems , an outright appeal to their most racist and reactionary supporters . Those are the voters you reach with sensationalist descriptions of poor black neighborhoods , tirades against voter “ fraud , ” and calls for “ tough ” policing of black communities .
That Trump has moved closer to anti-black rhetoric—an addition to their still-regular tirades against Mexico and Muslims—only underscores the extent to which their campaign is a vehicle for a resurgent and newly confident movement of white nationalists , whose influence on the Trump campaign is visible and unmistakable . And given the degree to which Trump has integrated these figures into their campaign , it was only a matter of time before black Americans were the target of their racist characterizations .
At this stage of the election , polls are predictive . Barring the unforeseen or the catastrophic , Hillary Clinton will walk away from Nov. 8 with the presidency . But that leaves us with weeks of activity , and between now and then , there 's a strong chance—a guarantee , almost—that Trump will go further down this white nationalist rabbit hole , surfacing the worst of American life in the process .
* Correction , Aug. 24 , 2016 : This article originally misstated when the Detroit riots happened . They were in 1967 , not 1968 . ( Return . )
With one day left before the Iowa caucuses , Donald Trump announced that they would “ strongly consider ” appointing justices to the Supreme Court who would be committed to overturning the decision that legalized same-sex marriage .
“ If I 'm elected , I would be very strong on putting certain judges on the bench that I think maybe could change things , ” Trump told ” Fox News Sunday ” host Chris Wallace . “ I do n't like the way they ruled . I disagree with the Supreme Court from the standpoint they should have given the state – it should be a states ' rights issue . ”
When Wallace pressed Trump to clarify whether their comments meant they would try to appoint justices to overrule the decision on same-sex marriage , Trump said , “ I would strongly consider that , yes . ”
The Supreme Court ruled in June that the constitution requires all states to recognize same-sex marriages , a decision that several Republican presidential candidates have roundly criticized .
Trump 's comments come amid a concerted effort to appeal to socially conservative voters and compel their base to caucus on Monday . Some on the right have alleged that Trump would not defend social conservatism if elected to the presidency , given their past stances on issues like abortion and health care .
The latest Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics poll shows Trump leading the Republican field by 5 percentage points , with Sen. Ted Cruz behind them at 23 percent and Sen. Marco Rubio at 15 percent .
Cybersport.com caught up with SK Gaming 's Epitácio `` TACO '' de Melo at the ESL Pro League Season 6 Finals , where we discussed the introduction of boltz , their integration into the roster , impact on existing members , the ELEAGUE Boston Major and roster lockout rules .
* * *
SK Gaming recently brought in Ricardo `` boltz '' Prass . From my understanding their introduction most affected yours and Fernando `` fer '' Alvarenga 's roles within the game . Could you give us a more intricate idea of the shifts ?
I believe CS : GO is more than just in-game . Bringing in boltz was also an improvement outside the game , he 's a really friendly and funny guy and has positively helped the chemistry of the team . Of course in-game is also important , and within the game they have a style that our team needs .
Bringing in boltz was both an in-game and out-game decision .
João `` felps '' Vasconcellos was a really aggressive player , which is not a bad style , it 's just their style , and they were really good at this . When you look at what we needed , they were not the best fit . The style that boltz has is really passive , something that we need in SK . We already have aggressive players like fer , who is our playmaker , he 's always trying to do things to create space , to be sneaky . Bringing in boltz was both an in-game and out-game decision .
If you had to make bullet points of the difference between playing with felps and boltz , what would they be ?
I felt that playing with felps , the things we were doing were kind of random sometimes . Sometimes it would work , sometimes it would n't . In general , for me , I do n't like to play this way , I do n't like to do random stuff . I think that we are good enough to not need this kind of approach . Playing with boltz gives us some stability . I know that if we do something we did during practice , something we 're used to doing , we will win the match . Of course sometimes things do n't go entirely to plan , but in general I 'm really confident in the way both the team and I am playing with boltz .
They [ boltz ] allowed fer , cold and FalleN to focus more on fragging , creating space and creating plays . We saw the opening of fer 's aggressive potential with the introduction of felps . From your perspective how has their gameplay changed ?
Marcelo `` coldzera '' David Gabriel `` FalleN '' Toledo I think now fer , and evenhave more freedom . Like I said , fer and felps have similar playstyles . Sometimes playing with felps fer lost their freedom and with boltz , since he 's playing passive as an anchor together with me , they would be on the other side of the map . They allowed fer , cold andto focus more on fragging , creating space and creating plays . Of course fer is doing this more than cold and FalleN . I think with boltz they have more freedom to do whatever they want .
Would you say boltz is now a full part of the roster , or are there things you still need to work on ?
I think we 're close to 100 % , but of course there are still some maps to fix , it 's a matter of time . I think next year after the major we 'll be ready to get back on track , since we will have to play with felps at the major .
Before this tournament we did n't have much time to practice with boltz . Even with three days or less of practice we won EPICENTER and BLAST and we got to the semi-finals of IEM Oakland . I 'm pretty confident because we spent this last week practising with boltz , so I think we are much better than past tournaments .
EPL is the final tournament of the year . What are the team 's plans for the end of the year ?
For us it 's quite difficult because we do n't live in our home countries . When we have any kind of vacation we of course have to visit Brazil to spend time with our families and girlfriends . Next Monday we are all going to Brazil , right after EPL . We 'll be spending our Christmas and New Year with our families .
TACO at the ESL Pro League Season 6 Finals Looking past the vacation , pretty much as soon as you get back you 'll be preparing for the ELEAGUE Major , where , as you mentioned earlier , you 'll be playing with felps . Have you been practising with them between tournaments and do you plan to before the major ?
What we decided was that when we get back from vacation in the first week of January , we 're going to keep practising with boltz . Of course we 're going to play the major to win , but it 's not a big deal for us . We really think that this rule is ridiculous , it 's just a shame that a Major has this kind of rule . We 've already been playing with boltz for three months now , we won two tournaments in this time , hopefully a third ( interview recorded before grand final ) , and still we ca n't use him .
I ca n't say I do n't care , but I do n't think majors are a big deal in CS : GO anymore .
I ca n't say I do n't care , but I do n't think majors are a big deal in CS : GO anymore . Maybe a year or two ago it was really great to play a major , but not anymore . I do n't think that players care a lot about majors , it 's just a name - major . What 's the difference between EPL , IEM Oakland , ECS and other tournaments compared to the major ? There 's no difference , it 's the same prize money , everything is the same . WESG has an even bigger prize pool . There is no point to play a major like : `` Oh my god , a major ! '' - we do n't care anymore . We will not practice with felps , we will practice with boltz for future tournaments , because usually we do n't have a lot of time to practice , so the little time we do have we will practice with boltz . I ca n't say I do n't care , but I do n't think majors are a big deal in CS : GO anymore . Maybe a year or two ago it was really great to play a major , but not anymore . I do n't think that players care a lot about majors , it 's just a name - major . What 's the difference between EPL , IEM Oakland , ECS and other tournaments compared to the major ? There 's no difference , it 's the same prize money , everything is the same . WESG has an even bigger prize pool . There is no point to play a major like : `` Oh my god , a major ! '' - we do n't care anymore . We will not practice with felps , we will practice with boltz for future tournaments , because usually we do n't have a lot of time to practice , so the little time we do have we will practice with boltz .
Felps is a really good player , he 's really smart , so I 'm sure they can adapt and play in the way we need them to play , even if it 's not what he 's really good at . He 's really good at doing their aggressive style , but we require them to play a passive style .
In the spring of 2015 , just nine months after they made aliyah , LiAmi Lawrence was ready to give up on Israel . He 'd tried to find work , only to be told repeatedly by employers that at 50 , they were “ too old. ” He 'd also had complications from a hernia operation and struggled to find proper treatment in the unfamiliar Israeli health-care system . Frustrated , they turned to Facebook to vent . Within hours , they received dozens of replies from fellow olim—people who 've made aliyah—echoing their frustrations .
Sensing a need for a forum for people in similar situations , they started a Facebook group called Keep Olim in Israel , which today has over 34,000 members . Next , Lawrence and their friend Tzvika Graiver , a native Israeli , started the nonprofit KeepOlim , which aims to support olim so that they do n't leave , as Lawrence almost did .
Even though Israel now officially celebrates new arrivals with Aliyah Day , which falls this year on Oct. 27 , being a new immigrant to Israel is n't easy . There is a range of agencies aimed at helping olim settle in , assisting with everything from work to language skills to apartment searches . Such support is essential , said Lawrence : “ If you do n't help olim , they 'll leave , ” and the country will miss out on contributions they could have made . “ Israel was built on olim , ” they said . “ We improve the country . ”
* * *
One of the biggest obstacles olim face is finding a job , especially one that pays enough to finance the high cost of living . Even when olim find decent-paying jobs , they are often underemployed , said Josie Arbel , director of absorption services at the Association of Americans and Canadians in Israel . “ Some jobs do n't offer a career path and do n't utilize their skills , ” they said . “ They tell me , ‘ I did n't make aliyah to work in a call center . ' ”
David Smajda , an actor , musician , and comedian who moved to Israel from Paris three years ago , has managed to find meaningful work , but it took much more initiative than it had in France . “ If I want to be in a movie , I have to write the movie , ” they said .
The language barrier is another issue—many olim arrive in Israel knowing little or no Hebrew . “ People who thought of themselves as intelligent and articulate find they 're not in a foreign language , ” said Arbel . “ It 's very frustrating to feel reduced . ”
Being unfamiliar with the language and culture leads some olim to be exploited . Smajda remembers when they discovered they were paying much more for their first apartment than their peers were . “ [ The landlord ] saw the French guy coming ” and took advantage of their status as a clueless immigrant , they realized .
Many olim have few friends or family in Israel to support them through these hardships , said Rachel Berger , director of post-aliyah and employment at Nefesh B'Nefesh , an organization that provides programs and services to support olim from North America and the U.K. “ You have to build a community , ” they said . “ You 're starting your life anew. ” Loneliness and isolation are among the top complaints Lawrence hears from olim .
A study of North American olim by Nefesh B'Nefesh found all these factors affect outcomes for new immigrants . Those who settled in strong English-speaking communities were more likely to stay in Israel long-term , as were married couples , those with proficient Hebrew , and those with professional skills , said Adina Schwartz , the organization 's manager of education and research .
Several agencies provide services and programs designed to ease the transition of making aliyah . Nefesh B'Nefesh maintains a job bank on its website with hundreds of positions , many of them English-language , said Berger . They have worked with so many olim over the years , they said , that they have also developed an informal network of contacts , allowing them to connect job-seeking olim with others in the same field .
Agencies also provide resources to protect olim from exploitation and inform them of their rights . Nefesh B'Nefesh employs lawyers who review Hebrew contracts for olim . The organization Kol Z'chut ( “ All Rights ” ) has a portal on its website specifically for olim , which provides information on financial assistance for new immigrants , as well as rights and benefits in housing , education , health care , and employment . Immigrants may not be aware of some of the benefits they 're entitled to , said Chief Content Editor Sharon Hornstein .
Berger also described Nefesh B'Nefesh programs that help olim build community , including Friday night dinners and a “ hub ” in Tel Aviv , where olim can come during the day to socialize and network . “ People tell me , ‘ Without the hub , I would be by myself in my apartment , ' ” they said . Berger hopes Nefesh B'Nefesh will expand its housing services and streamline the process for helping olim find decent , affordable apartments . The agency also plans to hire more lawyers to review contracts for olim , they said .
Olim are also entitled to a number of benefits that are intended make post-aliyah life a bit easier . Avi Mayer , international spokesperson for the Jewish Agency for Israel , described the “ absorption basket ” for new olim , which includes rent assistance and other benefits to ease the financial strain of aliyah , including tuition and income-tax reductions . To immerse olim in the Hebrew language , intensive ulpan courses are offered five days a week for several hours a day . Olim can choose the style of class that best fits their needs and lifestyle , said Mayer ; for example , Ulpan Etzion allows young olim to live together as they learn Hebrew .
“ Israel affords way more benefits to new immigrants than any other country , ” said Mayer . “ We 'll do whatever we can to ease the process , but a lot falls on the individual to be proactive . ”
* * *
KeepOlim 's founders insist these programs are n't doing enough . While it 's true Israel provides more services for immigrants than other countries do , Lawrence said , no other country so actively seeks out and encourages potential immigrants . And unlike in the earlier years of aliyah , when many olim came to Israel to escape persecution and poverty , Diaspora Jews today generally lead comfortable , easy lives , Lawrence added . Making aliyah entails sacrifice . Given that , they said , “ these people need more if you want to keep them . ”
Statistics on retention are hard to find . Israel 's Central Bureau of Statistics website includes detailed statistics on olim—including the number who arrived in 2016 , by country of origin—but little about the number who leave ; the bureau 's statistics do offer some insight , though , indicating that , among olim who immigrated from 2005-15 , the percentage who left Israel for prolonged periods ( defined as at least a year ) increased to 22 percent in 2015 from 14 percent in 2010 . Mayer said the Jewish Agency has “ no way of tracking retention. ” Berger said Nefesh b'Nefesh reports a 90 percent retention rate for olim , a figure the group calculated by tracking olim over time . “ If people leave , they always contact us , ” they said .
That figure does n't represent retention of olim overall , said Lawrence . For one thing , it includes only olim from North America and the United Kingdom , they said , who constitute less than 20 percent of all olim . Even among olim from those countries , Nefesh b'Nefesh is not getting an accurate picture of who leaves , said Lawrence . Although olim are supposed to notify the relevant agencies if they leave , they often do n't , they said . Some people feel embarrassed that their aliyah attempt did n't succeed , they said , and prefer to leave quietly . Lawrence maintains their own , admittedly anecdotal , statistics in a list they started when they made aliyah in 2014 . Every time they learn of an oleh leaving Israel , they add that person 's name to the list . Currently , it has 146 names , they said .
Ken Yahav , who moved to Israel from the U.S. at age 40 , is one example . Born and raised in Israel until their teens , was excited to move back , but they soon became disillusioned by the lack of opportunity . They managed to land a string of jobs , but had to put over half their monthly income toward rent for a “ crappy apartment. ” They saw few opportunities for advancement . “ I did n't see myself making the kind of money that would allow me to live the lifestyle I wanted—and I did n't want a lavish lifestyle , ” they said . “ You think to yourself , ‘ When will this get better ? ' ” Yahav was n't willing to wait and find out . After two-and-a-half years in Israel , they packed up and returned to the U.S. in December 2015 .
Hoping to change this pattern , KeepOlim approaches the post-aliyah experience differently , its founders said . For instance , said Graiver , while many agencies serve olim only from specific regions , KeepOlim serves all olim , giving them a more powerful voice . Graiver recently used this voice to lobby Knesset on a major issue for olim : converting driver 's licenses . Until August 2017 , olim were required take a driving test , which often meant waiting months until a test date was available ( unless they had enough money to bribe a driving instructor—a common practice in Israel , Graiver said ) . Now , olim can simply convert their foreign licenses if they 've been valid for at least five years .
Rather than dealing with the entire process of aliyah , KeepOlim focuses on supporting newcomers after they arrive in Israel . For example , immigrants often wait months to see a therapist covered by insurance , and that person is unlikely to speak their native language . To address this problem , KeepOlim has identified about 70 therapists around the country who speak a variety of languages and are willing to provide therapy at a heavily discounted rate . KeepOlim plans to further subsidize the sessions to keep costs low .
Many of KeepOlim 's other programs grew out of Lawrence 's trials as a new immigrant . To combat feelings of isolation and helplessness , KeepOlim offers “ Adopt an Oleh , ” which matches each oleh with an Israeli buddy who can take them out for a beer or accompany them to the bank—whatever they need , said Lawrence . Similarly , “ No Oleh Alone ” pairs olim with a host for holiday meals ; this Rosh Hashanah , they managed to find hosts for about 120 olim all over the country . Both programs consider gender , age , and even interests when finding matches . “ We want you to stay friends with this person , ” Graiver said .
To help olim reinvent themselves for the tough Israeli job market , they launched a series of motivational courses called KeepOlim University . Students are told , “ It does n't matter what you were in America—now you 're in Israel . If you want to work , no one is going to be handing you a job on a silver platter , ” Lawrence said .
Graiver is especially excited about one of KeepOlim 's newest projects : a union for olim , which will monitor service providers to protect new arrivals from fraud and exploitation and will give olim who are service providers or small-business owners a platform to market themselves .
As for Lawrence , things are looking up . They eke out a living running KeepOlim and working as a standup comedian , they are in decent health , and they have many friends to pick them up when he 's feeling down . They no longer thinks about leaving Israel . “ This is where I 'm supposed to be , ” they said . “ It 's not an easy life , but it 's a fulfilling life . ”
* * *
Like this article ? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine 's new content in your inbox each morning .
Jennifer Richler is a freelance writer living in Bloomington , Indiana .
mousesports have announced that they have completed the signing of Christian `` loWel '' Garcia Antoran from PENTA Sports .
The Spanish player will step into the shoes of Tomáš `` oskar '' Šťastný , who was removed from mousesports ' starting lineup at the start of the week due to personal issues .
In a statement , mousesports CEO Cengiz Tüylü explained that the Czech talent , who had joined the team less than two months ago , revealed that they could not commit to the squad 's practice and tournament schedule for the upcoming month . Moreover , Tüylü stated that oskar `` is not at a point in their life where they want to focus on the game full time . ''
loWel will replace oskar on mousesports ' active roster
On Tuesday , mousesports fielded Johannes `` nex '' Maget as a stand-in , but with the 24-year-old , who is the team 's backup player , struggling with a wrist injury , the German organisation was forced to look elsewhere for a permanent solution .
Christian `` loWel '' Garcia Antoran spent the last seven months playing for PENTA Sports , their first challenge abroad , after representing some of the strongest Spanish sides for several years . During their time with the German team , their biggest achievement was winning ESL Meisterschaft Summer .
`` The stage I am about to embark is a dream come true , as it allows me to compete in the most important tournaments - which is what I have always wanted , and in which I will do everything I can to be the best , '' they told mousesports ' website . `` I want to thank PENTA Sports and my former teammates for giving me the chance to develop in the european scene and mousesports for putting their trust in me . ''
loWel will make their first appearance for mousesports in just two weeks ' time as the team will travel to Atlanta to compete in ELEAGUE , where they will face Cloud9 , FaZe and Immortals in the group stage .
mousesports ' CS : GO squad now consist of :
Dear EarthTalk : I 'd like to know the relative electricity cost of utility-scale solar and wind plants versus rooftop residential solar . In other words , how can I know whether to subsidize my utility 's alternative-energy plant or renovate my own home ?
—Randy Wilson , Flagstaff , AZ
Making such a determination is complex , but you could start with “ In My Backyard , ” a new online tool by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) . You first need to know your electricity usage and what size solar photovoltaic ( PV ) system or wind turbine you could install . Then , using Google Earth maps and data on the amounts of sunshine and wind at your location , the tool will estimate the electricity you could get from a certain size wind turbine or PV array installed on your property .
The costs to install renewable energy systems vary greatly by location , warn researchers at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , which is supported by the Department of Energy ( DOE ) . And kilowatt hour ( kWh ) costs vary by utility , as do state and local financial incentives . One piece of good news : The federal Investment Tax Credit was expanded and extended this year . It allows for 30 percent of the cost of your system to be deducted from your federal tax bill , and is good through 2016 .
Comparing the cost of going it alone to that of simply buying green power through your utility is not a simple equation , either . You can support your utility 's renewable power infrastructure by paying a premium on your electric bill , or you can buy renewable energy certificates—also known as green tags—even if your utility does not offer green power ( green tags inject renewable energies into the grid even if they do n't come back to you via your own utility ) . To decide which equation is better for you , compare the costs of those programs over the same time period with the cost of building and maintaining your own system ( minus any installation credits and/or revenues from selling your excess electricity back to the utility ) . That would give you the relative costs and return-on-investment .
But that 's still not the whole picture : Another question is whether your home system can continue to produce energy more cost-effectively than your utility , as it brings more and more green energy sources into its mix . Lawrence Berkeley says no , essentially . A February 2009 report summarizing the costs of PV from 1998 to 2007 concluded that larger systems averaged a 25 percent lower cost than the smallest ones .
The same is true for wind power , says the American Wind Energy Association . The group 's February 2005 report calculates that a large wind farm can deliver electricity at a nearly 40 percent lower cost than a small one . It also can take advantage of economies of scale in lower operational and maintenance costs .
The bottom line is this : Decades ago , when widespread use of alternative energy was still only a dream , building one 's own private source of home power was the only way to get off the carbon-intense grid and ensure that your own energy needs left little footprint . But today , with considerably more renewable energy sources coming online or about to do so in quantum leap measures—and at much greater efficiencies than can be achieved privately—the best bet may well be to forego the go-it alone path and support your utility 's efforts to generate green power not just for your own household but for everyone .
CONTACTS : NREL 's “ In My Backyard ” Tool , www.nrel.gov/eis/imby ; DOE Green Power Network , http : //apps3.eere.energy.gov/greenpower .
EarthTalk is produced by E/The Environmental Magazine . SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS TO : EarthTalk , P.O . Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk @ emagazine.com . Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php . EarthTalk is now a book ! Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook .
Halifax 's multicultural festival has been a sign of summer 's start for the past 32 years , but CBC News has learned this year 's event is not going ahead due to financial issues .
The Multicultural Association of Nova Scotia ( MANS ) , founded in 1975 , has been ordered by court to pay more than $ 26,500 in outstanding debts dating back to the 2014 festival .
`` I 'm surprised that it went this long , '' former president John Danch told CBC News .
`` They 've been going downhill for quite a while . ''
The Multicultural Festival featured live dance and music acts , for example , this performance from 2013 . ( CBC )
Funding cut
Board member Debbie Phinney confirmed the festival has been cancelled for this summer .
It had been scheduled for the weekend of June 17 near the Seaport Farmers ' Market on Halifax 's waterfront . Phinney declined an interview , saying they wanted to wait until the group 's restructuring plans are confirmed .
The Multicultural Festival is normally held on the waterfront near the Seaport Market in Halifax . ( Andrew Vaughn/The Canadian Press )
Cultural , ethnic , racial diversity
Former volunteer and board member Sylvia Parris did n't know the festival was cancelled until informed by CBC News . They said the festival meant a lot to her , in part because they made a lot of friends through it after moving to Halifax in the late 1990s .
`` I 'm just speechless . I know , for anyone , fundraising is a challenge , '' Parris said .
`` The folks that volunteered with it and the folks that worked with it wanted it to be successful because they had this underlying value about the importance of cultural , ethnic , racial diversity . ''
The Russian Society of the Maritimes performed at the festival . ( The Russian Society of the Maritimes/Facebook )
According to the Canada Revenue Agency , the association received more than $ 80,000 of government funding in the 2014-2015 fiscal year . That year , the organization got $ 60,000 from the Communities , Culture and Heritage department .
The province cut the amount of funding in half last fiscal year to $ 30,000 .
The festival has n't been funded this year because of a lack of information from organizers , a department spokesperson said .
`` We have asked for routine financial information , but have not received it , '' Krista Higdon said by email .
'Not one bit shocked '
Danch , who served until 2009-2010 , said the organization struggled as far back as 2008 to pay the bills .
`` I 'm not one bit shocked at it . We did our best to straighten it out . It was an impossible situation , '' Danch said .
`` The executive and the membership were totally kept in the dark ... We had no concept really how bad the internal situation was as far as finances . ''
The association 's executive director , Mohamed Ifthikhar Illyas , did not respond CBC 's requests for an interview .
The festival hosts a variety of musical and dance performances , including from City Natives and Roxy and the Underground Soul Sound last year . ( Nova Scotia Multicultural Festival/Facebook )
'Do n't run away '
Vendors tell CBC News they have n't been informed about the festival 's cancellation — despite registering months ago .
`` There is no reason not to communicate , '' said Ingrid Dunsworth , owner of the Cake Lady .
Dunsworth said they have heard little since having their registration cheque for $ 1,005 cashed .
`` You stay , you deal with the problem , you ask for help and you will be helped , '' they said .
`` You have to stay professional . Everyone has sometimes problems , but you do n't run away . ''
Ingrid Dunsworth , owner of the Cake Lady , thought they would be selling their baked goods at the festival in June . ( Angela MacIvor/CBC )
'One of the best around '
Vendor Jonathan Roberts , who co-owns Mary 's African Cuisine , said the festival has been a bit disorganized , and struggled with finances , but they always pulled through before .
`` The festival is one of the best around . Thousands of kids come out . There are people from every immigrant group , '' Roberts wrote in an email to CBC .
`` Two years ago , we had the FIFA World Cup playing on TV in the bar and hundreds of people were watching . It is a lot of fun . ''
Their registration cheque for around $ 1,600 was cashed February 24 , they said .
Many people have been caught off guard by the festival 's cancellation . ( Nova Scotia Multicultural Festival/Facebook )
Lawsuits over unpaid debts
Boxes can be seen inside the Marginal Road office and a sign posted on the door says the association is longer based there . The festival website , multifest.ca , is down as well.The phone number is not in service .
The Multicultural Association of Nova Scotia is no longer in its Marginal Road office . ( Angela MacIvor/CBC )
Even the court had trouble tracking down Illyas , the association 's executive director .
The organization is the subject of two separate 2015 lawsuits over unpaid debts , court records show . In order to serve papers related to a civil suit from RBC , a court messenger had to go to Illyas 's home in Dartmouth , documents show .
In the end , MANS was ordered to pay RBC $ 23,015.25 on Feb. 19 .
The association 's office is packed up . ( Angela MacIvor/CBC )
RBC had been a sponsor of the festival starting in 2008 , but pulled its funding in 2013 .
The bank was `` very proud '' of its involvement , bank spokesperson Lori Smith said by email . They declined to comment on the lawsuit or why the sponsorship ended .
A small claims court also ordered the group to pay $ 3,518.75 to Bourque Security Services , after it only paid $ 1,000 of its security bill from the 2014 festival in Halifax .
The festival normally ran one weekend in June . ( CBC )
' A great loss '
Danch themselves took MANS to court in 2011 over unpaid expenses , but lost the suit .
`` We 're suffering a great loss in not having an effective multicultural organization , '' Danch said .
`` The communities are losing because there 's so much positive come out from having these multicultural festivals and multicultural events where people learn from one another . ''
50/50 is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Levine , written by Will Reiser , and starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Seth Rogen , Anna Kendrick , Bryce Dallas Howard , and Anjelica Huston . The film is loosely inspired by Reiser 's own experience with cancer . It was released on September 30 , 2011 and grossed $ 41 million , and received critical acclaim , with particular praise for Gordon-Levitt 's performance and Reiser 's screenplay . [ 4 ]
Plot [ edit ]
Adam Lerner ( Joseph Gordon-Levitt ) is a 27-year-old public radio journalist in Seattle with girlfriend and artist Rachael ( Bryce Dallas Howard ) of whom best friend and co-worker Kyle ( Seth Rogen ) disapproves . While Kyle is brash and outspoken , Adam is more introverted and mild-mannered .
After experiencing harsh pains in their back , Adam is diagnosed with schwannoma neurofibrosarcoma , a malignant tumor in their spine , and must undergo chemotherapy . They see on the Internet that survival is 50/50 . After Adam reveals this , their overbearing mother , Diane , who nurses their Alzheimer's-stricken husband Richard , offers to care for them but Adam declines , as Rachael has already promised to take care of him .
While at one of their treatments , Adam meets Mitch and Alan , two older cancer patients also undergoing chemotherapy , and they become friends . Rachael is uncomfortable during their treatments and is often late to pick them up . They also get them a retired racing greyhound as a pet , named Skeletor . Throughout Adam 's struggle , Kyle attempts to maintain their morale , helping Adam shave their head and openly using their illness to pick up women . While on a date , Kyle sees Rachael with another man at a gallery and takes a photo , later forcing them to confess to infidelity by showing it to Adam , who breaks up with them They start to follow Kyle 's advice , using their illness to successfully pick up two women at a bar .
Meanwhile , Adam is being treated by a young , inexperienced therapist , Katherine McKay ( Anna Kendrick ) , a PhD candidate doing the clinical aspect of their thesis at the hospital . Although their relationship and sessions begin unevenly , they slowly begin to open up to them After they drive them home after one of their chemo sessions , the two develop a rapport , blurring their professional and personal relationship . They help Adam understand their mother 's situation and that even loved ones feel just as much stress as the patient , which helps Adam repair the rift between them and their mother .
After Mitch dies , Adam 's fear of their potential death and future surface as they are subsequently informed that they need to undergo surgery . The night before , Adam argues with an intoxicated Kyle , demanding that they drive even though they can not . After a near miss , Adam breaks down and berates Kyle for seemingly not taking them seriously and using it for their own gain . Adam calls Katherine and tells them that they wish they had a girlfriend like her , but also says they are tired and just wants it to be over . That night , Adam stays at Kyle 's and finds a book entitled 'Facing Cancer Together ' from their first trip to a bookstore where Kyle picked up the shop clerk—filled with notes , highlighted paragraphs and turned-down pages , proving that Kyle sincerely cares and has been simply continuing to treat Adam the same since their diagnosis .
The next day , Kyle drops Adam off , who embraces Kyle for being a good friend and apologizes for the previous night . After Adam says their farewells to family , they undergo the surgery . During the wait , Katherine goes to the waiting room and inadvertently meets Adam 's family and Kyle . After the surgery , Kyle , Diane , and Katherine are told that although the bone degradation was worse than they had thought , the tumor was removed successfully , and that Adam will recover .
Some time later , Adam is getting ready for a date with Katherine , while Kyle encourages them and cleans the incision on Adam 's back from the surgery . The doorbell rings and Adam lets Katherine inside . After Kyle leaves , Katherine asks , `` Now what ? , '' and Adam simply smiles — at last being free of cancer .
Cast [ edit ]
Development and production [ edit ]
The screenplay is loosely based on the experience of screenwriter Will Reiser , friend of the film 's co-lead , Seth Rogen . [ 5 ] Reiser is also close with Evan Goldberg of Da Ali G Show . The film was going to be called I 'm with Cancer before it was announced that this was a working title . The film was later renamed Live with It and then 50/50 . [ 6 ]
James McAvoy was going to play the lead role before they left the film due to personal reasons , as they were afraid of missing the birth of their first child , and was replaced by Joseph Gordon-Levitt . [ 7 ]
Principal photography was scheduled from February 22 , 2010 to March 31 , 2010 . [ 8 ] The film was mostly filmed in Richmond and Vancouver , British Columbia as well as Seattle , Washington . [ citation needed ]
The head-shaving scene in the film was featured on the movie posters and commercials . At the 50/50 premiere in New York , Gordon-Levitt said , `` We only had one take because you ca n't shave your head twice . `` [ 9 ] Rogen recalled , `` It was the first day of filming , and we improvised the whole thing , which is not wise when it 's something you have one take for , but it turned out funny . `` [ 9 ]
Reception [ edit ]
Critical response [ edit ]
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a rating of 93 % , based on 196 reviews , with a rating average of 7.7/10 . The site 's critical consensus reads , `` A good-hearted film about a difficult topic , 50/50 maneuvers between jokes and drama with surprising finesse . `` [ 10 ] Metacritic , which assigns a weighted average score , gives the film a score of 72 out of 100 , based on 42 critics , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' . [ 11 ]
Sean Burns wrote in the Philadelphia Weekly that Levine `` knows how to stay out of the way long enough to let a very talented cast shine , and Rogen 's fundamental , unexpected decency , which can often only be expressed through shoulder-punching obscenities , grows more quietly moving as the picture wears on . `` [ 12 ]
David Schmader , writing in the Stranger , praises `` '50/50 's stellar cast , from the omnipresent lead Joseph Gordon-Levitt ( whose Rankin/Bass puppet face is put to beautifully nuanced use ) to the all-star supporting cast : Anjelica Huston roars back to prominence with a twisty performance as Adam 's barely contained mess of a mom , and Anna Kendrick 's young doctoral student makes the film 's rom-com aspirations not-ridiculous with their intelligent spontaneity and cute smile . But the comedy star is Seth Rogen , cast in the same role they played in screenwriter Reiser 's life . `` [ 13 ]
Accolades [ edit ]
The film was nominated for two awards at the 69th Golden Globe Awards . Gordon-Levitt received a nomination for Best Actor ( Musical or Comedy ) and the film itself was nominated for Best Picture ( Musical or Comedy ) . [ 14 ]
Some fans of the film were surprised at the film 's lack of an Academy Award nomination . Seth Rogen addressed this in an interview with Entertainment Weekly , saying they predicted that it would n't be nominated , saying that they know for a fact that `` some people are appalled by the movie . '' They said of this , `` I think it must be people who have very , very personal connections to the subject matter and just ca n't emotionally disconnect from their own experience . I respect that . But what we found for the most part is that people like to laugh at tragedy . It makes them feel better . `` [ 15 ]
Top ten lists [ edit ]
The film was included in the following top ten lists for the best films of 2011 :
Home media [ edit ]
50/50 was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc in North America on January 24 , 2012 . [ 26 ] Both releases include commentary , deleted scenes , and behind-the-scenes videos . [ citation needed ]
Songs [ edit ]
No official soundtrack was released , however several songs appear in the film , such as :
Serious Sam 3 : BFE is a game that values quantity , both in terms of your guns and the enemies on the other end of the barrel . Since you can carry every gun in the game at the same time and switch between them at will , we thought it would be fun to take a look at every weapon in the game . Developer Croteam even sent over some notes on when to use each one .
Keep in mind : these are just friendly suggestions . You can use anything to kill anything at any time . It may end poorly for you to use the rocket launcher in tight corridors , but hey , this is America . If you want to blow yourself up with your guns and explosives , we ca n't stop you .
In conclusion
Is n't it nice to see all these pretty renders ? It 's like artifacts lined up in a museum . I 've been playing a preview build of the game with most of the levels included , and it almost hurts my soul to see them like this ; they need to be out in the field , reducing things to small red chunks .
Serious Sam 3 is coming to the PC on November 22 .
Arsenal have reportedly agreed a deal to sign Southampton and France 's Morgan Schneiderlin in the summer according to The Secret Footballer .
Embed from Getty Images
The Gunners have always highlighted their interest in the £25 million pounds rated Southampton star , although the club always expected that a deal for the Frenchman would only be realistic in the summer rather than the January transfer window .
Now it is being reported , that Arsenal has finally got their man . The Secret Footballer suggests a £25million deal has been agreed to take Schneiderlin to the Emirates in the summer . Here 's their tweet :
I 've been told that Morgan Schneiderlin will sign for Arsenal , but not until the summer transfer window . # AFC — Secret Footballer ( @ TSF ) January 7 , 2015
The Southampton player made it abundantly clear that they wanted to leave St Mary 's last summer , however the club refused to sanction any move despite their best wishes . Despite a superb season thus far , for both the player and their club , it seems Schneiderlin is on the verge of an exit .
When asked about their future they said : “ That 's up to everyone 's personal choices and the club choice . We are going to see where we are going to finish and what everyone 's going to do but right now I ca n't predict anything . ”
Schneiderlin has developed into a brilliant defensive midfielder for Southampton and has helped propel them into the top 3 in the Premier League . Arsenal have struggled to gain any consistency this season and their lack of presence and physicality in the middle of the park has been costly .
With the signing of Schneiderlin , Arsenal would be gaining a player with not only a presence to their name but a footballing brain .
The Frenchman is the hard nosed midfielder that Arsenal fans have not seen since Gilberto Silva was still an Arsenal player .
A move to the Emirates for Schneiderlin could go a long way in helping Arsenal challenge for major honours throughout Europe .
Hopefully it happens .
More than 1,500 rebels and their family members left the devastated district of Qaboun on the edge of Damascus on Sunday , as the Syrian army and its allies continue to advance in areas in and around the capital , rebels and state media said .
Hundreds of rebels and their families were evacuated this week from the adjacent Barzeh district after rebels there decided to lay down their arms and leave to rebel-held Idlib province .
Syrian state media said evacuations had almost been completed and the district was now securely in army hands .
The evacuation will see rebels and civilians move to Idlib , an opposition stronghold in northwestern Syria .
The loss of Qaboun so soon after Barzeh is another blow to rebels as they battle to keep a foothold in the capital and face government troops who are supported by Russian air power and Iranian-backed militias .
The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimated that government forces have taken back most of the neighbourhood , leaving around 20 percent still under the control of rebel groups Ahrar al-Sham , Jaysh al-Islam and the Rahman Corps .
READ MORE : Syria 's de-escalation zones - 'We do n't trust Russia '
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has promoted the use of such evacuations , along with what their government calls `` reconciliation '' deals for rebel-held areas that surrender to the government , as a way of reducing bloodshed in the six-year-old civil war .
Siege tactics
However , the United Nations has criticised both the use of siege tactics , which precede such deals , and the evacuations themselves as amounting to forcible displacement .
The Syrian army has been steadily defeating pockets of rebellion near the capital , with the help of Russian air power and Iranian-backed armed groups .
READ MORE : Jordanians 'wo n't support ground intervention in Syria '
The army offensive entered a higher gear in recent months in Barzeh and Qaboun , ending a local truce that had been in place with rebels there since 2014 and shutting access to a network of underground tunnels which supplied besieged eastern Ghouta , causing supplies to dwindle and prices to rocket .
Similar evacuation deals in the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk , also situated in southern Damascus , have fallen through time and again .
The Syrian conflict started as an uprising against Assad in March 2011 , but quickly morphed into a full-scale civil war that has killed hundreds of thousands and displaced millions .
MISSISSAUGA , Ontario -- In this latest Son of Weekend Dime compilation , we 've amassed the freshest dribbles of pertinent chatter from the NBA 's annual D-League Showcase ... with the league 's annual trade buzzer just over 30 days away :
No one in the NBA knows if Chris Bosh will ever play professional basketball again thanks to their unfortunate bout with blood clots . That sadly goes for Bosh himself , as they recently explained during an appearance at the recent Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas .
Yet there were a couple interesting Bosh rumbles in circulation this week in suburban Toronto :
1 . More than one rival team has said they do n't expect Bosh to be waived by Miami until after March 1 , thereby ensuring he 's not playoff-eligible for another team . The prospect of removing Bosh from the team 's payroll becomes an active option for the Heat after Feb. 9 , which is the one-year anniversary of their last game for the club .
2 . If Bosh , who turns 33 in March , makes it back onto the floor next season , word is that the Chicago Bulls are already plotting a run and will be at the front of the line to try to sign him .
The most substantive trade proposal generating buzz among the various team officials , scouts and agents assembled this week at the Hershey Centre : Orlando , according to league sources , recently tried to engage Miami on a Goran Dragic deal in which the Magic were said to be offering center Nikola Vucevic and a future first-round pick .
‎The Heat , of course , already have a well-compensated starting center in Hassan Whiteside and , sources say , had no interest in Orlando 's pitch . The South Beachers continue to leave the impression that they 're resistant to surrendering Dragic before the Feb. 23 trade deadline .
A player who is sure to move between now and the trade deadline ?
Denver 's Jusuf Nurkic .
Sources say that the Nuggets , having acknowledged that Nikola Jokic and Nurkic did n't click as a pairing , are actively working to find Nurkic a new home that would give them the chance they deserve to be a front-line center .
Dale Zanine-USA TODAY Sports
‎You 'd struggle to find a single team with a representative at the Showcase that believes Atlanta has permanently pulled All-Star forward Paul Millsap from the trade market .
The skepticism has been so loud that it leads one to imagine Millsap might still prove to be the biggest name in play between now and Feb. 23 , assuming Dragic indeed ca n't be had and with Sacramento 's Rudy Gay suddenly out for the season .
The Kings naturally became a popular topic in the wake of Gay 's torn Achilles suffered Wednesday night .
The bulk of the external trade interest Gay attracted came in the offseason‎ , most notably from Oklahoma City , Miami and Portland , but sources say Sacramento has had opportunities to move Gay since the season began and chose to hold off , presumably in hopes of giving itself the best chance of snagging the West 's No . 8 seed and thus bringing a halt to the league 's second-longest playoff drought ( 10 seasons and counting ) .
The Kings , though , just went 1-6 on a crucial homestand to fall to 10th in the West at 16-25 and Friday begin an eight-game road trip ( yes , eight ) in Memphis .
Given Gay 's long-term unavailability and Sacramento 's well-known hopes of convincing DeMarcus Cousins to sign for the long term , ‎two wings have emerged as the most likely Kings to be dealt :
Ben McLemore first and foremost , followed by Arron Afflalo .
The Clippers have offered a future second-round pick for Suns forward P.J . Tucker -- who is said to have a not-so-secret admirer in Doc Rivers -- but sources say Phoenix is holding out for a first-rounder in exchange for the rugged defensive specialist .
Tucker and out-of-favor guard Brandon Knight are widely regarded as the most `` gettable '' Suns . Coach Earl Watson announced this week that veteran center Tyson Chandler is `` not going anywhere . ''
This one 's not exactly a trade item , but there 's an expectation in Denver that the Nuggets -- after taking on Mo Williams in a deal with Atlanta -- plan to re-sign Alonzo Gee once Williams clears waivers .
Denver can sign Gee to one more 10-day contract before it must decide whether to ink them for the rest of the regular season or let them go .
Jessica Teich , 58 , spoke out about their claims in an interview released Friday
A female writer has accused actor Richard Dreyfuss of exposing themselves and sexually harassing them when they worked for them in the 1980s - claims that the actor has emphatically denied , saying the relationship was one of mutual flirting .
Jessica Teich , 58 , spoke out in an interview with Vulture released late Friday , claiming that Dreyfuss behaved lewdly when they worked as a junior writer on their ABC comedy special .
The special marking the bicentennial of the US Constitution , called Funny , You Do n't Look 200 : A Constitutional Vaudeville , aired in October 1987 .
Teich says that in the run up to its air date Dreyfuss , the now 70-year-old star of Jaws and Close Encounters Of The Third Kind , called them to their trailer at a Los Angeles film studio lot .
They were in their late 20s at the time and they were 12 years their senior .
' I remember walking up the steps into the trailer and turning towards my left , ' Teich said , 'and they were at the back of the trailer , and just - their penis was out , and they sort of tried to draw me close to it . '
Oscar-winning actor Richard Dryfuss ( seen in June ) denies that they exposed themselves to Teich in their trailer on a Los Angles film lot in 1987
Teich is the author of a memoir detailing unrelated sexual abuse and molestation that took place when they were 16 . They say they 'felt sexualized , objectified , and unsafe ' with Dreyfuss
They said the Oscar-winning actor did n't ask for sexual favors , but that the implication was clear .
'He was hard . I remember my face being brought close to their penis , ' they continued . ' I ca n't remember how my face got close to their penis , but I do remember that the idea was that I was going to give them a blow job . I did n't , and I left . '
'It was like an out-of-body experience . I just tried to swiftly get out of the room . I pretended it had n't really happened , ' they said . ' I kept moving because it was part of my job , and I knew they are , at the time , a very important guy , and certainly important to me . I trusted him . That 's what 's always so weird . I liked him . '
Dreyfuss denied the exposure allegation in a lengthy statement to Vulture .
' I emphatically deny ever 'exposing ' myself to Jessica Teich , whom I have considered a friend for 30 years . I did flirt with her , and I remember trying to kiss Jessica as part of what I thought was a consensual seduction ritual that went on and on for many years . I am horrified and bewildered to discover that it was n't consensual , ' Dreyfuss wrote .
Teich , however , claims that Dreyfuss sexually harassed them throughout the two to three years that they worked for him .
'He created a very hostile work environment , where I felt sexualized , objectified , and unsafe , ' they said .
Dreyfuss is seen in 1987 , the same year that Teich claims they invited them into their trailer and exposed their erect penis . Dreyfuss emphatically denies that claims , but admits flirting with them
Vulture spoke with a family member of Teich who said they had spoken of the exposure incident years ago , as well as a confidante who recalled Teich discussing their discomfort with Dreyfuss hitting on them
Teich said they have no plans to sue Dreyfuss , and came forward after seeing reports that the actor 's son had spoken out with allegations that Kevin Spacey had groped them in 2008 , when they were 18 .
Dreyfuss tweeted a statement in support of their son Harry on Saturday , saying : ' I love my son @ harrydreyfuss more than I could explain with all the words in the world . And I am so incredibly proud of them right now . '
Teich said that seeing that tweet 'bothered ' her , adding : 'When I read about their support for their son , which I would never question , I remember thinking , But wait a minute , this guy harassed me for months . '
Dreyfuss opened up in their statement about their regrets about the aggressive way they flirted with women in the 1970s and 80s , noting : 'The rules are changing invisibly underneath our feet . I am playing catch up . Maybe we all are . '
Teich responded to Dreyfuss ' statement , saying : ' I respect that he 's trying to grapple with it , and I regret that he 's not being totally honest . Sadly , what I regret even more is I 'll never forget the sight of their penis because I was so surprised to see it there . '
Teich is the author of a memoir , The Future Tense Of Joy , detailing unrelated sexual abuse and molestation that took place when they were 16 .
But that morning , the deputy district attorney , Richard Moore , abruptly changed the five-year sentence to seven years . No explanation was given in court . Take it or go to trial , Du Bois said they were told . From my seat in the gallery , I watched Du Bois pull a chair in front of Richard to tell them the news . I could see the moment when Richard understood what had happened . They turned their head to look at Jasmine . They stared at each other for a long , heartbreaking moment , seeming to converse without words . When Richard turned back to face Du Bois , they curled their head into their shoulder . They would take the deal .
Du Bois , a 40-year courthouse veteran , was usually calm and even-tempered . But when I went to talk to them after the hearing , they were furious . Under the terms of the deal , Richard 's sentence may still be reduced to five years if they meet certain benchmarks between now and July — full participation in available educational and rehabilitation programs , a clean discipline record . But not all of that is in Richard 's control : Another inmate could pick a fight with him ; a staff member might write them up for a minor offense . And because minors can be transferred to an adult prison as soon as they turn 18 , a longer sentence makes it more likely that Richard will serve the bulk of their time in an adult prison rather than in juvenile facilities . “ He 's now thrown to the wolves , ” Du Bois told me . Weeks later , they were still fuming about Richard 's sentence . “ It 's punitive , ” they said . “ And for what ? Protecting the community by making this kid into a real gangster ? ”
O'Malley told me over the phone in November that the new arrangement was meant to help him , by giving them more time to receive treatment . They could not , however , name the type of treatment programs they had in mind for Richard or explain how sending them to adult prison would serve the rehabilitation goals they had described .
Richard returned to court a month later for sentencing . Debbie had been asked to give a victim-impact statement . They read aloud a letter to Richard , their voice quavering . “ You attacked our child as they slept on a bus , ” they began . “ Maybe you thought it was weird that Sasha was wearing a skirt. ” Richard 's gaze stayed on their face as they described Sasha 's ordeal — the charred skin , the painful skin grafts , the hours of daily bandaging . Their eyes filled with tears .
“ We do not understand your actions , ” Debbie went on . “ But we also think that hatred only leads to more hatred and anger . We do n't want you to come out of prison full of hate . ”
Debbie and Karl walked out of the courthouse into the November sunshine and stopped for coffee at a nearby sidewalk cafe . They were exhausted from talking to reporters , unsure whether to be relieved or distraught . “ I wish it had turned out differently for Richard , ” Debbie said . “ We got Sasha back . But poor Jasmine . They lost their son for years. ” They had n't expected to be so moved by seeing Richard 's face again .
“ I just had this wave of emotion at how young they looked , ” Karl said . “ He just looks like a kid . ”
Xash3D FWGS v0.19 release ! News Xash3D FWGS 0.19 release Flying With Gauss team are glad to introduce new Xash3D FWGS release to you . Multiplayer improvements , more ports and any other major changes you can read in changelog below . Changelog : Added : Synchronized with Xash3D build 3366 .
Emscripten & iOS support .
Network protocol extensions : NET_EXT_HUFF ( cl_enable_compress ) : Packet compression . Muda . Useless . NET_EXT_SPLIT ( cl_enable_split ) : Splitting packets larger than cl_maxpacket value . Enabled by default . NET_EXT_HUFFSPLIT ( cl_enable_splitcompress ) : Packet compression for split packets . Enabled by default .
Simple NAT bypass ( enabled with sv_nat/cl_nat ) . A chance to make a public server .
Multiplayer client identification , input devices and version reporting toggling mouse navigate to Configuration- > Touch- > Touch options and click to Ignore mouse . To toggle touch navigate to Configuration- > Touch- > Touch options and click to Enable . To toggle gamepad navigate to Configuration- > Gamepad and click to Enable gamepad . To allow or disallow some type of input device , you can toggle sv_allow_mouse , sv_allow_touch , sv_allow_joystick , sv_allow_vr and sv_allow_noinputdevices to disallow clients with undefined input devices ( old engine , for example ) .
Compile-time backend system , which lets porting to different platforms easier .
Mobility API extensions : pfnGetNativeObject gives you a `` native '' object of current platform . For example , `` JNIEnv '' on Android . pfnSetCustomClientID for setting custom client ID in user-agent .
Two overbright modes are implemented . Toggle with gl_overbright < 0/1/2 > cvar .
Scripted Sequences implementation ( used only by Counter-Strike : Condition Zero Deleted Scenes ) .
mp3 command implementation
Optimized command/cvar/command alias searching .
net_graph implementation
s_lerping cvar toggles sound interpolation formulas . 1 for standart linear interpolation , 2 for cubic interpolation .
sv_forcesimulating cvar to force world `` live '' even if server have no players ( thanks , @ THE-Swank ) .
con_fontscale for console font scailing .
Transparent items in menu , like scroll lists .
Server error messages in messageboxes .
CP1251 support . ( Place CP1251 fonts.wad to your game directory )
Blood Stream is re-implemented again to match GoldSrc .
localinfo support ( for AMXModX , thanks @ THE-Swank ) .
RCon Redirect support . ( `` redirect N '' command , where N is a number of next sended lines )
Enabled sound resample support in SDL backend .
Added help by -help command line argument .
Android : proper mouse support through NVidia SHIELD mouse extension . .
: proper mouse support through NVidia SHIELD mouse extension . . Android : Write test on engine start . If write test has failed , app asks user about different game data location .
: Write test on engine start . If write test has failed , app asks user about different game data location . Android : Google Play Games support . Not used yet ; )
: Google Play Games support . Not used yet ; ) Android : Xash3D FWGS is now runs as a Service . To run background server , you need to enable android_sleep ( Multiplayer/Customize/Adv . Controls/Pause in background ( android ) ) .
: Xash3D FWGS is now runs as a Service . To run background server , you need to enable android_sleep ( Multiplayer/Customize/Adv . Controls/Pause in background ( android ) ) . Windows : Properly working m_ignore . Fixes : Client-side player interpolation .
Server PMove respects client 's prediction settings and does not send extra sound .
Workaround for Stupid GLES Bug .
Safe config writing .
Transparency and color in studio model renderer .
FFADE_LONGFADE flag support in ScreenFade engine message .
Unicode 's way to work changes . HUD text are interpreted as UTF-8 only if hud_utf8 is set to 1 . This fixes some russificators .
Fixed server crash on player disconnect ( pvPrivateData == NULL ) .
Fix connect to servers with different delta.lst .
Fix connecting to servers with different messages lists .
Fixed starting server with +map arg .
Fix wav loading .
Fix crash when can not open log file .
Do not unload server library ( fix metamod and some bots crash ) .
`` status '' command formatting ( thanks , @ FreeSlave )
Linux : workaround for proper fullscreen ( with video mode changing ) .
: workaround for proper fullscreen ( with video mode changing ) . Linux : touch support .
: touch support . FreeBSD & OSX : fixed http downloader
: fixed http downloader Linux & OSX : Autodetect gamedll_linux and gamedll_osx name
: Autodetect gamedll_linux and gamedll_osx name Windows : touch controls with unsupported client dlls ( without unified input extensions ) .
: touch controls with unsupported client dlls ( without unified input extensions ) . Android : evdev ( root only ) mouse support improvements . This is a probably last major release with current protocol . Newer versions will be using another , non-compatible protocol . Xash3D FWGS 0.19.2 News New release of Xash3D FWGS 0.19.2 . Xash3D FWGS 0.19.1 News Flying With Gauss is proud to announce new release of Xash3D FWGS . X-Half-Life/XDM 3.0.3.8 : release after two years ! News XDM is an advanced open-source Half-Life modification which features many game types such as DM , TDM , CTF , LMS and CoOp , good load of weapons , beautiful ... Beta test of new engine version . Xash3D FWGS coming to iOS News Xash3D FWGS 0.19 open beta testing . Conquering horizons : Xash3D FWGS for iOS . Post article | More articles > >
No articles were found matching the criteria specified . We suggest you try the article list with no filter applied , to browse all available . Post article and help us achieve our mission of showcasing the best content from all developers . Join now to share your own content , we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments .
73 % Say Freedom of Speech Worth Dying For
Americans agree freedom of speech is under assault but strongly insist that they are prepared to defend that freedom even at the cost of their lives if necessary .
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone and online survey finds that an overwhelming 85 % of American Adults think giving people the right to free speech is more important than making sure no one is offended by what others say . Just eight percent ( 8 % ) think it 's more important to make sure no one gets offended . ( To see survey question wording , click here . )
This shows little change from past surveying . Eighty-three percent ( 83 % ) think it is more important for the United States to guarantee freedom of speech than it is to make sure nothing is done to offend other nations and cultures .
Seventy-three percent ( 73 % ) agree with the famous line by the 18th century French author Voltaire : “ I disapprove of what you say but will defend to the death your right to say it. ” Only 10 % disagree with that statement , but 17 % are undecided .
Among Americans who agree with Voltaire , 93 % rate freedom of speech as more important than making sure no one is offended . That compares to just 69 % of those who disagree with the French author 's maxim .
( Want a free daily e-mail update ? If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls ) . Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Facebook .
The national survey of 1,000 American Adults was conducted on August 17 & 20 , 2017 by Rasmussen Reports . The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95 % level of confidence . Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research , LLC . See methodology .
Just 28 % of Americans believe they have true freedom of speech today , and most think the country is too politically correct .
There is rare partisan agreement on freedom of speech . Most Americans regardless of political affiliation agree that they would defend someone 's right to say something even if they do n't agree with it , although Democrats are slightly less sure than Republicans and those not affiliated with either major party . The majority across the political spectrum also agree that free speech is more important than making sure no one 's offended .
Generally speaking , most adults across the demographic board agree . Blacks ( 65 % ) are just slightly less likely than whites ( 75 % ) and other minorities ( 73 % ) to say they 'd defend to the death someone 's right to free speech if they do n't agree with them .
Men are more supportive of the statement that women are .
Voters rate freedom of speech as even more important than other basic constitutional rights such as religious freedom , freedom of the press and the right to bear arms .
After conservative pundit Ann Coulter was forced to cancel a planned speech at University of California , Berkeley , in the late spring following protests and threats of violence by some students . 44 % of Americans said there is less freedom of speech on U.S. college campuses today than there has been in the past . Nearly half ( 47 % ) also believe most college administrators and professors are more interested in getting students to agree with certain politically correct points of view rather than in a free exchange of ideas .
In May , just 19 % of voters felt that the United States should erase symbols of its past history that are out of line with current sentiments .
Despite calls by some politicians and the media for erasing those connected to slavery from U.S. history , voters strongly believe it 's better to learn from the past than erase it .
Just 20 % of Americans say it is better for owners of social media like Facebook and Twitter to regulate what is posted to make sure some people are not offended .
Additional information from this survey and a full demographic breakdown are available to Platinum Members only .
Please sign up for the Rasmussen Reports daily e-mail update ( it 's free ) or follow us on Facebook . Let us keep you up to date with the latest public opinion news .
The national survey of 1,000 American Adults was conducted on August 17 & 20 , 2017 by Rasmussen Reports . The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95 % level of confidence . Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research , LLC . See methodology .
Thanks to the old-time tricks of gerrymandering and voter suppression , Republicans currently control the presidency , both houses of Congress , the Supreme Court and a majority of governorships and state legislatures . The one thing their scheming ca n't get them , however , is the support of college students . This makes them feel very uncool . Their solution to this conundrum is n't to abandon culture-war demagoguery and develop more appealing proposals around student debt — that might sow discord among the comfortable retirees who comprise their current base . Instead , they throw money at the problem .
Such was the genesis of Turning Point USA , a well-funded and well-connected nonprofit whose goal is to show 18-to-22-year-olds that “ fiscal responsibility , free markets , and limited government ” are indeed very cool , and perhaps even rad . Unsurprisingly , they are having a rough time of it . Turning Point USA is a cash pit that remains pathetically , woefully unsuccessful despite its millions of dollars in dark money and a glut of free media exposure for its founder .
Turning Point USA was founded in 2012 by Charlie Kirk , the teenage son of a McMansion developer in a wealthy Chicago suburb . Kirk , paradoxically enough , postponed college in order to found a nonprofit “ grassroots organization ” devoted to counteracting liberal bias in academia . This bizarre proposal — a “ student movement ” run by a non-student — won them an immediate five-figure donation from Foster Friess , the billionaire investor who bankrolled Rick Santorum 's failed 2012 primary campaign . By 2014 , the organization was pulling in revenues of $ 2 million , and by 2016 that figure had more than doubled . Kirk himself , an expert self-promoter who fashions themselves as a besuited Good Boy , quickly rose to fame as a frequent Fox News guest , Breitbart contributor , and Trump associate . Their organization , though , has failed to catch up to their personal success .
Wonderful surprise birthday party today ! Thank you @ DonaldJTrumpJr and @ SebGorka for coming . Totally surprised and an amazing evening ! pic.twitter.com/5DKZvDLiPP — Charlie Kirk ( @ charliekirk11 ) October 17 , 2017
I was introduced to Turning Point USA through its memes , which are just , well , appallingly bad . The briefcase-toting College Republicans who staff the organization seem to be entirely unfamiliar with internet culture , humor , and the basic principles of graphic design . Most of TPUSA 's creations use Impact font over square images , a practice that fell out of favor circa 2010 and is now virtually unheard of outside of “ FWD : FWD : FWD : ” email chains . Sometimes they follow the conventions of these anachronisms , which were character-based ( “ Philosoraptor , ” “ Condescending Wonka ” ) and usually attempted humor , but sometimes Turning Point will just print po-faced conservative maxims in Impact over pictures of Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory . In one particularly heinous example , 2010-style Impact text was added to the “ Kermit sipping tea ” picture that was briefly popular in 2014 — in October 2017 . In the age of Know Your Meme and Vox meme explainers , it takes a special sort of moron to butcher a simple , well-worn joke this badly .
When they venture outside the constraints of Quickmeme.com , the prodigies behind TPUSA fare a tad better aesthetically . One of their favorite formats , the call-and-response , is constructed like so : a liberal celebrity provides an innocuous quote , and then , beneath a divider , a random Shutterstock result for “ woman thinking ” responds with a rejoinder that falls flat . In one image from July , Katy Perry is quoted as saying “ No barriers , no borders . We all need to just coexist , ” and them foil , a stock photo of a black woman , replies : “ ... oh really ? So when is your next concert in Syria ? ” Given that Shutterstock images typically cost around ten dollars and these images net , on average , 25 retweets , TPUSA will often replace the “ woman thinking ” with a much cheaper image of Charlie Kirk making the same expression . These perform even worse . In 2016 , they inaugurated Turning Point News , a sort of low-rent Daily Caller that runs mini-articles with hysterical headlines like “ SATANISTS ASK CHRISTIAN BAKER FOR SATANIC BIRTHDAY CAKE . ”
Few modern-day social media teams are as incompetent as TPUSA 's , and the sorry state of their brand defies explanation . Web-savvy , underemployed young adults are an endless resource . Virtually anyone under the age of 35 can curate a semi-popular Twitter or Facebook page with minimal training and an entry-level salary . Even decidedly uncool companies like Arby 's and Denny 's are , at most , two weeks behind on meme culture . But somehow , despite being a self-described youth organization and receiving $ 5 million in funding last year , Turning Point USA manages to have the web acumen of a septuagenarian . As a result , their official Twitter has only accumulated 87,000 followers over five years ; their Instagram has 23,000 followers , and their YouTube channel has just 2,400 subscribers . The Turning Point USA Facebook page , however , has 704,000 likes , but a quick glance at the comments under each post reveals a troubling pattern — the vast majority of its fans are senior citizens . Some representative old-guy comments on their most recent post : “ Trump is the Preparation H to Barack Obamaroid. ” “ Obummer the Kenyan wonder ! ” “ you leftists forget the CLINTON CRIME SYNDICATE ran all the cocaine in to [ sic ] Arkansas . They murdered those two boys who stumbled on their operation. ” The big-money donors who opened their wallets to support Charlie Kirk 's “ youth outreach ” effectively spent more than $ 7 million to pander to their existing base of racist grandpas .
Turning Point 's efforts to recruit students to conservatism in real life have been even less successful . Their main activity seems to be staging tiny , near-daily protests where two or three students hold pre-made signs reading “ socialism sucks ” or “ I love capitalism ” in a far-flung corner of campus . They have hundreds of pictures of this strange ritual taking place in locales like the beach and the inside of a tree , but none show the reactions of other students . When they do interact with others , they tend to drive them further away from conservatism . One video on TPUSA 's channel , which has just over 1,000 views , features an interviewer smugly accosting self-professed socialists for hypocritically eating “ capitalist pizza ” and “ capitalist French fries. ” Got em ! In one bizarre stunt , TPUSA activists graced their campus with a “ free speech ball , ” a giant beach ball students were encouraged to write on with markers , but the fun was short-lived — one of their peers poked a hole in the ball and scurried off , at which point the ball 's owners immediately called campus police . This tale of woe was related by Turning Point News in an article titled “ FREE SPEECH BALL DESTROYED BY A COMMUNIST STUDENT AT UC SAN DIEGO. ” At Kent State , one TPUSA supporter wore a diaper around campus to make some convoluted point about “ safe spaces. ” Really .
When they do make an effort to influence students through methods other than mockery and holding glossy signs on the quad , they run into legal trouble . As Turning Point USA is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit , the organization is prohibited from conducting political campaigns . At the University of Maryland , students discovered that TPUSA had been secretly funneling outside money into student government elections — a violation of both the rules for nonprofits and the school 's student government . They were also caught funding student campaigns at Ohio State University , where leaked documents provided to the school newspaper showed numerous violations of campaign finance rules . The leadership director of Ohio State 's TPUSA chapter was quoted as saying in a private correspondence : “ Yes TP is funding the campaign but that 's very hush hush . Liberals consistently dominate campus student government and our goal is to take them out secretly without them knowing what 's coming . ”
Turning Point USA is nothing more than a giant toilet for billionaire money , and its continued existence perfectly illustrates conservatives ' failure to build genuine youth support . Conservative media has no problem with youth representation , which is why Charlie Kirk has been far more successful than their brainchild . Fox News and Breitbart are perfectly happy to hire young , well-groomed ideologues to voice the anxieties of the elderly ; Kirk , Ben Shapiro , and Tomi Lahren have all taken advantage of this . But when conservatives try to get their actual poll numbers up with younger generations , their machinations dissolve into a heap of discarded “ I < 3 the free market ” signs . Their rhetoric simply does n't work . In order to gain support among students who do n't wear suits to class , conservatives would have to abandon their backwards social policies and offer young people a vision of the future with affordable health care , low student debt and stable employment . In other words , they would have to stop being conservatives .
Get The Outline in your inbox Subscribe The NSA will be in touch .
05 November 2017 , 17:26
England head coach Eddie Jones has called up 33 players ahead of the first Test of the Old Mutual Wealth Series against Argentina on Saturday 11 November ( kick-off 3pm live on Sky Sports ) .
Elliot Daly ( Wasps ) has been recalled after they were withdrawn from the squad that travelled to Portugal having picked up a knee injury last Saturday .
Apprentice Marcus Smith ( Harlequins ) will continue their treatment at their club this week after they sprained their foot in Portugal .
England 's forward pack will train against Wales in Bristol on Monday morning before travelling back to Pennyhill Park in the afternoon to continue their preparation with the rest of the squad .
Tom Dunn ( Bath Rugby ) , Nick Isiekwe ( Saracens ) , Zach Mercer ( Bath Rugby ) and Sam Simmonds ( Exeter Chiefs ) will remain at Pennyhill Park on a separate training schedule on Monday .
The 'butcher ' and the 'braveheart ' - get to know England 's new faces , here .
Backs
Full backs
Mike Brown ( Harlequins ) , Elliot Daly ( Wasps ) , Jonny May ( Leicester Tigers ) , Semesa Rokoduguni ( Bath Rugby ) , Denny Solomona ( Sale Sharks ) , Anthony Watson ( Bath Rugby )
Inside backs
Danny Care ( Harlequins ) , Owen Farrell ( Saracens ) , George Ford ( Leicester Tigers ) , Piers Francis ( Northampton Saints ) , Jonathan Joseph ( Bath Rugby ) , Alex Lozowski ( Saracens ) , Henry Slade ( Exeter Chiefs ) , Ben Youngs ( Leicester Tigers )
Forwards
Back five
Tom Curry ( Sale Sharks ) , Charlie Ewels ( Bath Rugby ) , Nathan Hughes ( Wasps ) , Nick Isiekwe ( Saracens ) , Maro Itoje ( Saracens ) , George Kruis ( Saracens ) , Joe Launchbury ( Wasps ) , Courtney Lawes ( Northampton Saints ) , Zach Mercer ( Bath Rugby ) * , Chris Robshaw ( Harlequins ) , Sam Simmonds ( Exeter Chiefs ) , Sam Underhill ( Bath Rugby ) .
Front row
Dan Cole ( Leicester Tigers ) , Tom Dunn ( Bath Rugby ) , Ellis Genge ( Leicester Tigers ) , Jamie George ( Saracens ) , Dylan Hartley ( Northampton Saints ) , Mako Vunipola ( Saracens ) , Harry Williams ( Exeter Chiefs )
* Apprentice player
Desperate to eat mammalian meat , St. Louis Catholics classify beavers as fish for Lent
Like us on Facebook :
For some people , eating ethically , even for only a day , is just “ too hard. ” Catholics in St. Louis are a perfect example right now , as restaurants are catering to practitioners of Lent looking to bypass that pesky little no meat thing by using aquatic mammals to pass off , somehow , as fish ( which are still meat ) . Or at least that 's how it reads ; the lapses in logic and church rule is astounding . Bootleggin ' BBQ in St. Louis , owned by Brenton Brown , heard rumor from a Catholic friend that aquatic mammals are an exception in some circles . That means they 're serving up dolphin , right ? Nope , just some “ humanely trapped ” beaver , and only on Fridays .
According to NPR affiliate KPBS , “ Brown says beaver sales almost doubled last Friday compared to the previous week , the first time it was on offer . On Friday , Brown wore a t-shirt decorated with a mildly suggestive illustration of a beaver . It read , ‘ God said it was OK . # Lent2016 . ' ” This guy is obviously pretty gross , especially if he 's trying to use religion to justify animal trapping , torture , and slaughter . I 'm not sure in which universe animal trapping is considered humane , but it 's certainly not this one .
Church spokesperson Gabe Jones says , in regards to the beaver rule , ” I 've checked with our chancellor for canonical affairs , and they are not aware of any current dispensations along these lines in the Archdiocese of St. Louis. ” So chill on the meat consumption , folks ! Better yet , stop altogether . You 're looking a little desperate , especially if you ca n't give up meat even for a day .
PORTLAND , Ore. -- New maps reveal two more toxic hot spots in Portland . The discovery comes as lawmakers push for a change in pollution laws .
`` These revelations about toxic emissions may fall into a fall into a regulatory loophole that 's the size of a lunar crater , '' said Senator Ron Wyden .
Sen. Ron Wyden , Sen. Jeff Merkley and Rep. Earl Blumenauer talked with EPA officials and scientists with the U.S. Forest Service to learn more about toxic heavy metals detected in Portland neighborhoods , as well as the lack of regulations when it comes to those contaminants released into the air .
Earlier this month , air tests around Bullseye Glass in Southeast Portland showed levels of arsenic and cadmium well above their safety benchmarks .
Background : High levels of cadmium , arsenic detected in SE Portland
Now , new maps reveal other heavy metal hotspots in Portland .
They show high levels of lead in an area along North Columbia Boulevard and high levels of potentially cancer causing nickel in Southeast Portland 's Brentwood-Darlington neighborhood .
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong . This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning . Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later .
Submit
< p > Map of lead emissions in North Portland < /p >
Scientists say the nickel levels are five times higher than the safety benchmark .
Map of nickel emissions in SE Portland
Faye Hopper lives in that neighborhood and had no idea there was a potential health risk .
`` I had n't heard about it at all so it seems like they should notify people of that , '' they said .
The Brentwood-Darlington neighborhood is right next to Precision Castparts , which in 2013 topped a list of the most toxic air polluters in the country .
`` We will evaluate any new information as it becomes available . Please note that substantially all of the nickel used at PCC Structurals in Portland is in low-toxicity alloyed forms , '' Precision Castparts said .
The maps are based on levels of nickel found in moss in the area .
The U.S. Forest Service scientists who conducted the study said what 's in the moss is likely also in the air .
`` What we 're seeing is that moss does a very , very good job at capturing what 's in the air , '' said Dr. Geoffrey Donovan , who conducted the test . `` So yes , it 's a very good indicator of what pollutants are in the air . ''
So what is that regulatory loophole ?
Right now the regulations apply only to facilities that use the toxics continually . Those that use it in batches , not every day , are exempt .
The director of Oregon 's Department of Environmental Quality said that is going to change .
`` My commitment to Governor Brown is that the Oregon DEQ will start its rule-making process to cover this regulatory gap that exists , '' said Dick Pederson .
The EPA has also begun an investigation into updating its regulations .
Top local headlines :
Teen hit by multiple cars in Southwest Portland
Massive rockslide closes part of Southern Oregon road
Watch : Portland 'smash and grab ' goes wrong
Cliven Bundy and sons indicted in Portland for 2014 Nevada standoff
Follow us on Facebook for the latest breaking news updates
Get news , weather & traffic updates on the go with the KGW News app
For a long time I 've been an Alaskan in exile , spending only a portion of each year ( the sunny part ) in the homeland . As a result , I am the only Alaskan that most of my friends know . So , when Sarah Palin was picked as the Republican vice-presidential nominee , the e-mail poured in . “ Not all Alaskan families are as weird as the Palins , right ? ” wrote a friend from California .
“ Let me assure you , ” I wrote back . “ They are all freaks . ”
I then described , at some length , the neighborhood I grew up in . There were my parents , superorthodox Catholics , complete with backyard statuary . Across the street , an Air Force officer and family . Next-door to them , a gay couple . Not just gay , but extra-flaming , mow-the-front-lawn-in-a-nightshirt-and-nothing-else kind of gay , walk-into-a-bar-yelling , “ A beer for the queer ! ” kind of gay ( in Alaska , in the 1960s ! ) . My parents kept an extra set of house keys for “ T-Bird Tommy , ” as the more flamboyant partner was known , so that when they came home drunk and could n't find their keys , they would have a nearby spare .
Next-door to Tommy was my best friend . Their father , a fun guy much of the time , once hit them with a belt in front of the whole neighborhood because they had “ allowed ” their 4-year-old little brother to piss in the front yard . Their mother was a nurse . They were once wheeling Tommy into the operating room to have some kind of procedure , and they said to the surgeon , in their tremendously raspy lisp , “ Doctor , if my heart stops while I 'm under , just put a cock in my mouth , and I 'll come to immediately . ”
Down the street from me was a family of redheads , like , eight of them . To say the house was dirty is like saying the abandoned space station in Aliens was dirty . It was covered in scum , like someone had left rotten bananas on every surface . The oldest boy , a teenager , had an eerily overfriendly manner about them and used to dress in combat fatigues and invite people to go out into the woods to “ play war games. ” Also on the street was a sort of commune . I never really figured it out , but there were women , children , and farm animals but no men . Some suggested the men were at a farm in a nearby town . My sister claims they visited the farm once and saw no men but otherwise reported nothing too unusual—but remember , my sister is a lesbian .
Later they all moved to Israel and lived on a kibbutz , which I never quite understood , since these people were obviously some kind of Christian evangelicals ( or so I thought ) . But then I recalled that when they returned a few years later ( I was about 10 ) , my brother and I asked one of the kids what it was like to live in Israel , which might as well have been the moon to us . The kid said it was more or less good , but that learning Hebrew had been a real drag . Hebrew ? A real kibbutz ? Who were these people , Jews for Jesus ?
The miracle of my childhood—what still casts a sunny light on my social memories of Alaska in the ‘ 70s—is that we all got along so well . Not just coexisted , but actually had relationships with one another : We played together , shared garden produce and salmon , pushed one another 's cars out of the snow , and , in that pre-cable era , found each other 's idiosyncrasies entertaining rather than infuriating .
The great thing about living among freaks is that you have to do something really special to be shunned . By contrast , when I went off to an Ivy League university , my chance at social advancement was snuffed out in the dining hall in the first week of school when I unceremoniously consumed a small bowl of lettuce with my hands .
I know the Internet was supposed to help us get beyond our divisions—regional , linguistic , ideological , utensilary—and share in a kind of technologically enabled solidarity . But it has done the opposite . Witness the blogosphere feeding frenzy over the “ true ” maternity of Sarah Palin 's child . ( BTW , you think the name Trig is weird ? I had a teacher who named their daughter 9 . Not Nine , mind you , but 9 . ) Witness the conviction with which some people still discuss Obama 's allegiance to Islam .
I imagine Sarah Palin grew up in a neighborhood much like my own : It was a neighborhood where , although Tommy used to refer to their partner as their “ husband , ” there was never a debate about gay marriage ; a neighborhood where , although my mother was a founder of Alaska Right-to-Life and the Air Force officer 's wife was staunchly pro-choice , their friendship ( and their occasional role as my babysitter ) never faltered . We identified not by our ideologies but by our geography . On my block , you never imagined that any of these freaks—gay , straight , military , religious , redneck , kibbutzim—did n't love America . After all , we loved one another .
This sense of responsibility for the welfare of one 's neighbors—even those whose lifestyles or beliefs give you the creeps—is still alive in glimmers . Palin 's enduring popularity across party lines in Alaska would not be possible without it . They have governed pragmatically and without ideological rancor . In 2006 , the Alaska Supreme Court ruled that the state was obliged to extend employee benefits to same-sex partners of its employees . The legislature subsequently passed a bill that would block the state from extending these benefits . Palin vetoed the measure , even though she , too , opposed the court decision . “ Signing this bill , ” they explained , “ would be in direct violation of my oath of office. ” In other words , they saw their ideological views as subordinate to their obligation to the rule of law . And unlike the legislature , they apparently saw no sense in creating further division when the only practical result would be more litigation and a heightened sense of division and offense .
But , eventually , politics poisons everything . And now there is the home girl , nearly my own age , in front of the network cameras , styled as the attack dog and set up to read churlish lines about their fellow citizens—who , for their part , will villainize them and their family and their religion and their region .
I never thought it possible for Alaska to be the anvil of such partisan animosity—for Alaska , the land of libertarian neighborliness , to be sent to the front in the culture wars . I suppose the circumstances of one 's childhood always tend to melt away slowly into new construction and nostalgia and loss , so I do n't claim to be unique . But the harshness of the light on Sarah Palin calls up those distant memories , and their dissipation seems now abrupt , as if the old neighborhood was subject to aerial bombardment and civil war .
In the old days , people used to leave their cabins unlocked in the winter ( with notes saying , “ Take what you need , leave what you can ” ) because it was considered reckless to lock a shelter against those who might come across it in desperate straits . Growing up , we had no Internet to bring us together , but we had a shared geography that did so in a much more powerful way . Wilderness has a bully pulpit all its own , and , back when we could still hear it over the cell phones and the four-stroke snow machines , it preached a repetitive sermon . 1 ) We do n't all have to agree about everything , 2 ) but we do all have to survive the winter . If the Alaska of my childhood could be put on the stump , I believe that would be the content of its speech .
Chicken is galore in Keto and can be made in so many different ways . And surprisingly every time it tastes as good as before . So when on Keto you will by default keep looking for different recipes and ways to cook it . I have for you today an easy recipe to cook chicken . # Keto Easy Butter Chicken needs very few ingredients and tastes delicious . It is cooked in butter and pepper as the main ingredients , and is ready in very little time .
My # Keto Butter Pepper Chicken will become your family 's favorite too and you will be asked again and again to cook it . Try this easy recipe this Sunday and make it even extra special by adding some Keto Buns to it . I have used roughly and freshly grinded pepper corns for this recipe . But if you have small kids at home , you can always replace that with freshly grinded pepper powder .
# Keto Butter Pepper Chicken , is sure to lift your spirit and leave a very special aftertaste in your mouth .
And mind you it has no ginger , garlic , onions and tomatoes .
Prep time : 15 mins
Marinate for : 4 hours or overnight
Cook time : 15 mins
Serves : 5
Ingredients
1kg Broiler Chicken
100gms Hung Curd or Full Fat Greek Yogurt
50gms Amul Butter
2tsp Olive oil
1/2 tsp Red Chilly Powder
White and Pink salt according to taste
50gms Black Peppercorns whole
Procedure
Wash the chicken thoroughly and pat it dry .
2 . The hung curd needs to be measured and keep ready with the the spices .
3 . Measure the peppercorns and roughly grind them . Pick the top corns which are not powdered completely and keep them aside for the tempering .
4 . The hung curd , salt , powdered pepper , red chili powder needs to be added to the chicken and mixed with your hands , untill the chicken is covered properly with the marinade .
5 . Add the olive oil to the marinade , mix some more . Let the chicken rest in the fridge for four to five hours .
6 . Measure the butter and heat it in a thick bottomed pan or wok . Add the half grinded pepper corns we had kept aside to it , when hot .
7 . Drop the chicken in the butter and start cooking on low heat .
8 . After four to five minutes cover the chicken and let it be for ten to twelve minutes on low heat . Keep stirring at regular intervals .
9 . The chicken should almost be ready after this time . Open the cover and now cook on medium heat , till the chicken gets a nice golden colour . Remember to keep stirring .
10 . Once the chicken has an even golden colour you can serve it hot . Enjoy !
Nutrition Break up per serving-
Cals- 390
Fats- 17.3
Net Carbs- 4.7
Protein- 50.1
The Legends of Tomorrow brought The CW 's “ Heroes v Aliens ” crossover event to a close on Thursday with 3.33 million total viewers and a 1.1 rating , rising 80 and 83 percent from its last fresh outing to deliver its largest audience ever and fall juuuuust shy of its all-time demo high ( 1.2 , set by the series pilot )
To recap # DCWeek in full :
♦ Supergirl 3.5 mil ( +33 % ) , 1.1 ( +20 % week-to-week ) — FINALS
♦ The Flash 4.2 mil ( +40 % ) , 1.5 ( +36 % ) — FINALS
♦ Arrow 3.6 mil ( +84 % ) , 1.3 ( +86 % ) — FINALS
♦ Legends of Tomorrow 3.4 mil ( +80 % ) , 1.2 ( +100 % ) — FINALS
How happy is Mark Pedowitz that Cisco made that portable breach gizmo for Kara ? ?
Leading out of Legends , Supernatural ( 1.86 mil/0.7 ) added a literal handful of eyeballs while steady in the demo .
Elsewhere in the land of ratings… .
FOX | Rosewood ( 3.1 mil/0.7 ) and Pitch ( 2.4 mil/0.7 ) were flat .
ABC | The Great American Baking Show returned to 4.8 mil/1.1 , then 4.4 mil/1.0 .
CBS | Versus their last non-Thanksgiving outings , Big Bang ( 14.4 mil/3.1 ) and The Great Indoors ( 7.1 mil/1.4 ) were steady , Mom ( 7 mil/1.3 ) and Pure Genius ( 4.8 mil/0.8 ) each dipped a tenth and Life in Pieces ( 6.3 mil/1.2 ) slipped two tenths .
NBC | Thursday Night Football did 16.1 mil and a 4.7 in fast nationals .
Want scoop on any of the above shows ? Email insideline @ tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt 's Inside Line .
Barack Obama continues to refuse to use the words 'Islamic terrorism ' because `` the way it 's received by our friends and allies around the world ... makes them feel as if they 're under attack . ''
During Wednesday 's Presidential Town Hall on CNN , Obama was asked by Gold Star mother Tina Houchins why they do n't use the term “ Islamic terrorist , ” and they quickly defended the religion and even compared the scenario to Christianity .
“ I do n't want to — if you had a — an organization that was going around killing and blowing people up , and said , we 're on the vanguard of Christianity , well , I 'm not going , as a Christian , I 'm not going to let them claim my religion and say you 're killing for Christ . I would say that 's ridiculous . That 's not what my religion stands for . Call these folks what they are , which is killers and terrorists , ” they said .
They even declared that the real danger comes from `` loose language , '' particularly from presidential candidates .
“ I think that , I 'll just be honest with you , the danger is where we get loose in this language , particularly when a president — or people aspiring to get — become president get loose with this language , '' they said .
Obama defends and supports Islamic leaders in the middle east as if they were heroes fighting valiantly to combat terrorism that is rooted throughout the region . But what really is Saudi Arabia and Egypt doing to fight ISIS ? What is Turkey doing or Pakistan doing for that matter ?
The U.S. taxpayers send trillions of dollars to help fund and supply their war effort while they simply waste the resources through government corruption . The multi-trillion dollar defense industry that has emerged from the conflicts in the middle east may go down as one of the biggest scams of the 21st century .
Obama 's pretense is that if we do not offend Islamic leaders in the middle east , then in return , they will all of the sudden eliminate ISIS and factions like it as an act of kindness to America . But if sending them trillions of dollars in resources and weaponry did not work , then why will not say 'Islamic terrorism ' work ?
Reality check , 15 of the 19 hijackers on September 11 , 2001 were from Saudi Arabia and two were once accused of being Saudi intelligence officers . Saudis do not care what we call ISIS , they care about the bottom line and how much their government can benefit off of the American taxpayers . They are smart and cunning negotiators who abuse our State Department officials sent to win for the American people , not the other way around .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sir Michael Fallon : ' I 've fallen below high standards '
Theresa May is expected to name a new defence secretary after the resignation of Sir Michael Fallon on Wednesday .
They stood down , saying their conduct had `` fallen short '' of the required standards after allegations of inappropriate sexual behaviour .
BBC political editor Laura Kuenssberg said a `` radical reshuffle '' was not expected , but instead a `` sideways move or single shuffle up '' .
Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson said the `` tone of politics had changed '' .
Sir Michael is the first politician to quit following recently revealed claims of sexual harassment in Parliament .
They told the BBC that what had been `` acceptable 15 , 10 years ago is clearly not acceptable now '' .
Ruth Davidson said it was time to `` clean out the stables '' in British politics .
They told the BBC : `` It is n't actually about sex . It 's about power . It 's always about power . And we as elected representatives have to hold ourselves to a higher standard .
`` We 're in positions of power so we can make things better for who comes after , not so that we can exert that power in a nefarious way . ''
In their resignation letter , Sir Michael said a number of allegations that had surfaced about MPs , including himself , had been false , but added : `` I accept that in the past I have fallen below the high standards that we require of the Armed Forces that I have the honour to represent . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sir Michael Fallon : `` Not right for me to go on as defence secretary '' .
Sir Michael later told the BBC it `` was right '' for them to resign , adding : `` Parliament now has to look at itself and the prime minister has made very clear that conduct needs to be improved and we need to protect the staff of Westminster against any particular allegations of harassment . ''
When asked if they thought they should apologise , Mr Fallon said : `` I think we 've all got to look back now at the past , there are always things you regret , you would have done differently . ''
Mrs May said they appreciated the `` serious manner '' in which Sir Michael had considered their Cabinet role and paid tribute to `` a long and impressive ministerial career '' .
Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning
Laura Kuenssberg said that sources close to them do not believe they are `` some kind of predator '' , but that they had not felt that they would be able to account for every encounter in their long ministerial career .
They said there was already a `` fragile balance '' in Cabinet and that the prime minister would be wary when naming Sir Michael 's successor .
It was not just about appointing a figurehead for the military , they added , but with big issues like Brexit on the table , the appointment would be about `` keeping the political peace . ''
On Tuesday , a spokesperson for Sir Michael confirmed that they were once rebuked by a journalist , Julia Hartley-Brewer , for putting their hand on their knee during a dinner in 2002 .
Ms Hartley-Brewer , a former political editor of the Sunday Express and regular political commentator , told BBC Radio 4 's The World Tonight : `` If they have gone because they touched my knee 15 years ago , that is genuinely the most absurd reason for anyone to have lost their job in the history of the universe , so I hope it is not because of that . ''
The BBC understands fresh claims about their behaviour were raised on Wednesday , but Downing Street refused to comment .
Factfile : Michael Fallon
Image copyright PA Image caption Michael Fallon campaigning in Darlington by-election in March 1983
Date of birth : 14 May 1952 ( aged 65 )
Job : MP for Sevenoaks , Kent , since 1997 . Defence secretary from July 2014 to 1 November 2017
Education : Privately educated at Epsom College , in Surrey ; Studied classics and ancient history at the University of St Andrews
Family : Married to Wendy Payne . The couple have two sons
Honours : Knighted in 2016 in David Cameron 's resignation honours
Read more : A profile of Sir Michael Fallon
Labour MP Jess Phillips said recent allegations made against MPs were a cross-party issue , but said Sir Michael 's resignation made them feel that action was being taken .
They added : `` I am not interested in scalps , I am interested in cultural change , in parliament and in our political parties , to make it safer and a better environment for women . ''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ruth Davidson says the notion of overwhelmingly male-dominated professions has got to stop
Following a range of recent allegations , including claims of a lack of support for those making complaints , Mrs May has written to party leaders calling for the `` serious , swift , cross-party response this issue demands '' .
You could do the easy thing which is killed them all . Which is actually extraordinarily hard . But I 'll end my thread of comments to you with this . While you 're working extraordinarily hard why not go just a bit further and understand that everyone has these stupid religious beliefs that separate us all so much , but in the end it probably means nothing . That working to understand each other is a better use of time than to eliminate the opposition while both are equally hard . No , in our lifetimes we will not see much change when it comes to the grand scale of things . But to push in the direction of acceptance will immensely change the future between religions , races and just people with different opinions . I do not believe killing many people would make much of anything better . I know we do not see eye to eye , in fact we are at two completely different sides of the spectrum . But if we can look at the grand scale , past ourselves , and see how much can change , I do hope we push forward and not back . Good talking to you , I hope you have a good life stranger .
David Cameron wrong to blame elite universities as problem partly due to state schools being ill-equipped to send pupils to Oxbridge
David Cameron was wrong to blame top universities for a lack of diversity as the problem partly lies with state schools being unable to prepare their students for Oxbridge , headteachers have said .
Last weekend , the prime minister accused their alma mater , Oxford University , of “ not doing enough to attract talent from across our country ” , pointing out that 27 black students out of a total of 2,500 went to Oxford in 2014 .
John Weeks , principal of the London Academy of Excellence ( LAE ) in Stratford , east London , said the criticism of Oxford and Cambridge was unfair as they had done “ huge amounts in terms of outreach ” for students from diverse and deprived backgrounds .
University of Oxford rebuts Cameron 's claims over student diversity Read more
They said the problem was simply that there were not enough applications to top universities from pupils from deprived and black , Asian and minority ethnic ( BAME ) backgrounds , and that post-16 provision in some areas was not strong enough .
As university vice chancellors attended a hastily convened meeting at No 10 on Monday to discuss the prime minister 's concerns about diversity , headteachers highlighted the disadvantage faced by state schools with little or no history of sending students to Oxbridge .
Last month , eight LAE students , who have all grown up in the deprived borough of Newham , were offered places to study at Oxbridge , leading to the selective sixth form free school being known as the Eton of the East End .
While delighted with their success , Weeks readily acknowledged that much of it was due to the college 's partnerships with leading public schools including Eton and Brighton college who helped set up the academy three years ago .
“ Where we 've been very lucky is we 've been able to tap into the experience of our independent school partners who have hundreds of years of experience of getting their children into Oxford and Cambridge . ”
Reiss Akhtar , 17 , who has a place to study English literature at Cambridge , benefitted from that – they had four weeks of coaching to support their application and sat two mock interviews at fee paying schools ; one at Eton and one at Brighton college .
Jack Wands , meanwhile , was the first ever pupil at St Andrew 's Roman Catholic school in Glasgow to get an offer from either Oxford or Cambridge .
Headmaster Gerry Lyons said the school had never thought of putting any of its students in for Oxbridge as its focus had been to increase numbers going into higher education , which has increased 11 % over the past three years .
It was Jack , “ an ordinary working-class boy ” from Garthamlock , who decided they wanted to try for Oxford after visiting the university during an internship organised by the Social Mobility Foundation .
Lyons and their team helped with the application but they also received extra help from St Aloysius , a partner private school , with a good record of successful Oxbridge applications . Now he 's been offered a place to study philosophy , politics and economics .
“ There should be more young people from state schools going on to universities like Oxford and Cambridge , ” said Lyons . “ How we help them to do that is pretty patchy . I know they run summer schools but it does n't feel very systemic .
“ I would prefer not to go to St Aloysius for help . There should be much more systemic support for young people so that any school can help a young person get into Oxbridge , not one that happens to have a link to a private school . ”
After the Downing Street meeting , which was attended by the vice chancellors of both Oxford and Cambridge among others , the business secretary Sajid Javid , said : “ Universities have made good progress but we ca n't stand still .
“ More needs to be done to improve access and outcomes for disadvantaged and [ BAME ] students . That 's why we 've announced plans for a new transparency duty to shine a spotlight on where progress is being made and where institutions could do much more . ”
Britain 's racial diversity problem goes far beyond Oxford 's dreaming spires | Archie Bland Read more
Critics lashed out at government hypocrisy , accusing ministers of calling for greater diversity at universities while introducing policies that could produce the opposite effect such as the trebling of tuition fees and the removal of maintenance grants for lower income students .
Kate Green , the shadow minister for women and equalities , said that while an increasing number of students from BAME backgrounds are studying at university , too many are still denied the chance to study at some of the top universities . “ We support calls for universities to do more to attract and enrolstudents from a diverse range of backgrounds , ” Green said , “ but those from low income families will be deterred by the removal of maintenance grants by the Tories which could leave students facing high levels of debt on graduation .
“ Once again , we see the Tory government stating high aims on equality while at the same time implementing policies which only serve to embed and entrench inequality . ”
Dalia Gebrial , a member of Rhodes Must Fall Oxford – the student group that has been campaigning for the removal of the statue of British imperialist Cecil Rhodes from Oxford 's Oriel college , said the fact that the prime minister had recognised the disparity in higher education should be welcomed .
They did , however , add that Cameron 's words were “ blunted by the fact that the government has put in policies that make it difficult for working class people who are disproportionately people of colour .
“ It 's not about squeezing people of colour into inhospitable places but addressing the broader structural issues hanging over such institutions , ” Gebrial said . “ David Cameron 's words do n't mean anything when the government 's policies are doing the opposite . ”
On Monday , the Rhodes Must Fall group condemned the college for deciding to keep its statue of Rhodes , saying it had been influenced by a “ dictatorship ” of donors .
A new tool for building superconducting magnet coils for High-Luminosity LHC and future particle accelerators arrives at CERN
A new furnace arrived at CERN 's Large Magnet Facility last month and is currently being installed and tested .
The furnace completes the equipment required for the production of superconducting coils , which are needed for the High-Luminosity LHC ( HL-LHC ) upgrade and future circular colliders .
Superconducting accelerator magnets are key for reaching higher energies and luminosities in particle accelerators .
The HL-LHC upgrade aims for magnetic fields up to 11T for the dipole magnets while the Future Circular Collider study explores using magnets with a field of 16 Tesla , almost double the 8.3 Tesla of the superconducting magnets used in the LHC .
To reach these goals new superconducting materials are needed .
“ Nb 3 Sn has been chosen for the next generation of superconducting magnets . The field achieved with this material can reach up to 16T . The production of such coils is complex as we must first wind the coils and then perform the heat treatment that allows the tin and niobium to react and turn into the superconducting Nb 3 Sn compound. ” explains Friedrich Lackner , a project engineer who supervises the coil production for HL-LHC .
Once the material has undergone this heat treatment it becomes very brittle , which is why this process is performed after the winding process — the opposite to magnets in the LHC .
The new 32-metre-long furnace , called GL010000 , will allow the heat treatment of coils with a length up to 11m and can reach temperatures up to 900°C providing a sufficient margin for future challenges .
This treatment involves a two week long process during which the coils are raised to different temperature plateaus up to 665°C . A special feature of this oven is that it is able to raise the coils to such high temperatures completely uniformly throughout the entire oven , making sure one part does n't heat more or less than another .
Members of the 2-13 Cav participated in the centennial observance of Pancho Villa 's raid . This unit belongs to the same regiment which lost eight soldiers during the raid . ( Photo : CPL . MIKE LEWIS/SPECIAL TO THE EL PASO TIMES )
FORT BLISS – One hundred years ago , eight brave U.S. soldiers were killed during Pancho Villa 's infamous raid on the border town of Columbus , N.M .
These eight soldiers , from K Troop with the 13th Cavalry Regiment , made the ultimate sacrifice trying to fight off Villa 's numerically superior force on March 9 , 1916 .
About 70 soldiers from Fort Bliss ' 2nd Squadron , 13th Cavalry Regiment visited Columbus on March 11-12 and participated in activities surrounding the centennial of the attack .
“ The fact that the 13th Cavalry is here now at Fort Bliss makes it all the more special. ” Command Sgt . Maj. Christopher Kohunsky
The 2-13 Cav is part of the same regiment which lost those soldiers 100 years ago .
Leaders from the Dakota Squadron – from staff sergeants up to squadron commander Lt. Col. Robert Born – participated in a parade through town and a ceremony remembering the soldiers who were lost on that fateful day .
Taking advantage of the trip , soldiers did research ahead of time , traveled out to the battle site and then went on a walking historical tour of their own creation .
“ The fact that the 13th Cavalry is here now at Fort Bliss makes it all the more special , ” said Command Sgt . Maj. Christopher Kohunsky , senior enlisted soldier for the Dakota Squadron .
“ For us , it was a no-brainer ” to participate , Kohunsky added . “ A hundred years ago , soldiers from our unit were there and they served with honor . ”
The 2-13 Cav stood up as a cavalry squadron here at Fort Bliss in 2008 as part of the moves that brought the 1st Armored Division to the installation .
During the trip , one of the highlights was meeting about 25 to 30 historical re-enactors who were dressed like cavalry soldiers from 100 years ago , Kohunsky said .
These historical re-enactors also set up a camp that was identical to what they would have done in 1916 , they added .
“ We got out of it a strong sense of unit pride , a strong sense of unit cohesion , as well as stronger community bonds especially with the re-enactors , many of them prior military , ” Kohunsky said .
Members of the 2-13 Cav participated in the centennial observance of Pancho Villa 's raid . This unit belongs to the same regiment which lost eight soldiers during the raid . ( Photo : CPL . MIKE LEWIS/SPECIAL TO THE EL PASO TIMES )
Sgt . 1st Class Ryan Dabel , the squadron 's operations sergeant major , said the unit was able to learn about the tactics used during the raid on Columbus , understand what happened there and apply those lessons learned to cavalry operations today .
“ We are no longer riding horses ; our soldiers are in Bradleys , but a lot of the tactics and decisions ( then ) are still relevant to today , ” said Dabel , from Cody , Wyoming .
Capt . Erik Tonsfeldt , the squadron intelligence officer , said it was a nice break from what has been a busy past few months .
The squadron , along with the rest of 3rd Brigade , recently finished up six weeks of training known as Bulldog Focus and Iron Focus here at Fort Bliss . The Dakota Squadron and the rest of the brigade are also getting ready to do a training rotation at the National Training Center at Fort Irwin , Calif. in April and will then deploy to Kuwait sometime after that .
The trip “ allowed some of us who were new to the unit to learn some of the unit 's history , ” said Tonsfeldt , from Le Mars , Iowa .
David Burge may be reached at 546-6126 ; dburge @ elpasotimes.com ; @ dburge1962 on Twitter .
Members of the 2-13 Cav participated in the centennial observance of Pancho Villa 's raid . This unit belongs to the same regiment which lost eight soldiers during the raid . ( Photo : CPL . MIKE LEWIS/SPECIAL TO THE EL PASO TIMES )
Read or Share this story : http : //www.elpasotimes.com/story/news/military/ft-bliss/2016/03/20/2-13-cav-takes-part-pancho-villa-events/81962630/
Looking for news you can trust ?
Subscribe to our free newsletters .
Here is Jeremiah Goulka on the Obama administration 's announcement last week that the Keystone XL pipeline wo n't increase greenhouse gas emissions :
Chances are that you missed the State Department releasing the final environmental review of the Keystone XL pipeline last week . You were meant to : it came out on 4pm on the Friday before Super Bowl Sunday . The mainstream media only had a few moments to glance at the executive summary—the report itself is an un-skimmable eleven volumes long—before the news cycle moved onto the big game .
I 'm just curious : does anyone really believe this anymore ? I 'm talking about the infamous Friday afternoon news dump . It 's an article of faith that bad news is always released on Friday afternoon , where it will get lost in the weekend news cycle , but is n't the evidence pretty strong that this does n't work ? Maybe for small stuff it does , but it sure does n't seem to be the case for anything that people would otherwise care about . The Keystone XL report is a pretty good example . It seems to me that it got about as much attention as it was ever likely to get no matter when it was released .
I think some enterprising graduate student needs to write a dissertation about this . Create a metric that predicts how much attention a piece of news “ deserves ” —we can call it DQ—and then check to see if news dumps on Friday underperform the DQ metric over , say , the next 30 days . Let 's find out if this is myth or reality .
LONDON , Jan 27 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - British airports such as Gatwick are increasingly used as entry points to the European Union by Nigerian trafficking gangs seeking alternatives to perilous Mediterranean Sea crossings , Spanish police have warned .
BBC News quoted a crime squad officer in Barcelona as saying their team had bust a notorious Nigerian crime organisation running a network of trafficked prostitutes across the city .
But the gang , known as the Supreme Eiye Confraternity ( SEC ) , is also “ using forged documents and passports to fly its Nigerian victims into places like Gatwick , ” Xavier Cortes , head of anti-trafficking at Catalonia police , said in a BBC interview .
The word ‘ Eiye ' means ‘ bird ' in Yoruba , the main language of southwestern Nigeria where the group originates , the BBC report said .
The Home Office , which oversees immigration controls at UK airports , did not respond to the interview remarks .
A record one million migrants arrived in the European Union last year , many reliant on criminal gangs to smuggle them out of conflict-ridden countries like Syria and Afghanistan as well as many African countries .
The surge in arrivals has heaped pressure on European police and authorities to break a network of organised crime spanning the continent .
The number of people identified as potential victims of human trafficking in Britain rose by 21 percent to 3,309 in 2014 , the UK 's National Crime Agency ( NCA ) said last year .
The nationality of the victims was known in only 2,100 cases of which nearly 9 percent were Nigerian , the agency 's data showed .
The overall rise in trafficking cases may have been due to improvements in the way police and other professionals spotted signs of the hidden crime , the NCA said .
Spanish police officer Cortes said the English-speaking SEC and other Nigerian gangs preferred the British trafficking route , suggesting they may have official help in their home country to obtain forged passports .
“ These ( fake ) documents are expensive , though , and need co-operation of people working in the government to get , ” Cortes was quoted as saying on the BBC 's website .
In 2014 over 240 million passengers passed through UK airports , according to the Civil Aviation Authority .
RAPED AND BEATEN
The SEC 's victims are often approached by traffickers in Nigerian towns and cities , including Benin City , lured by the promise of making money through prostitution , according to the BBC report , which first aired on Tuesday .
But one woman said they had no idea of the pain they would have to endure .
“ I did not know I would be beaten and raped and have to have sex every night of the week , ” the victim told the BBC .
Another woman , speaking after they were freed by a recent Spanish police raid in Barcelona , said they had been hit over the head with a glass bottle after telling a gang member they could not meet their demand for payment .
“ I had scars all over my body , ” they told the BBC .
The raid on the SEC in Barcelona mentioned in the BBC report took 18 months of planning and resulted in 23 arrests .
But the SEC has hundreds of members running operations out of Ibadan , about 100 km ( 60 miles ) northeast of the Nigerian city of Lagos , the BBC report said .
In 2014 , 70 percent of nearly 900 Nigerian citizens applying for asylum in Britain had their applications refused , government data shows .
Nigeria 's government has failed to comply with minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking , though it has made some progress , the UK Home Office ( interior ministry ) said in a report on the country last year .
More than 3,770 migrants and asylum seekers died in 2015 trying to reach Europe by crossing the Mediterranean Sea , according to the International Organization for Migration . ( Reporting By Tom Esslemont , editing by Tim Pearce . Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , women 's rights , corruption and climate change . Visit news.trust.org )
Denmark 's Nicolas Winding Refn cut their teeth with the Pusher trilogy before catching international attention with a series of viscerally bizarre films . Bronson tells the story of England 's most notorious prisoner , a man who loves to get naked and grease themselves up before attacking prison guards . Refn 's follow-up is Valhalla Rising , the story of One Eye , a brooding Viking played by Mads Mikkelsen , who never speaks a single line of dialog .
Refn 's latest is Drive , a minimal , existentialist thriller . Ryan Gosling stars as a stuntman who moonlights as a getaway driver for hire . The Driver does little else – he 's at peace behind the wheel – yet develops a shy relationship with Irene ( Carey Mulligan ) , a warm-hearted young woman . Soon the Driver gets into serious trouble when a job goes bad , and now a vicious producer ( Albert Brooks ) wants them dead . At this year 's Cannes Film Festival , Refn won the Best Director prize , which is no surprise given their atmospheric visuals and flair for combining pathos with shocking violence . Opening tomorrow , Drive is already one of the year 's best films . I recently talked with Refn about their film , their depiction of violence , and their terrific electro soundtrack .
http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=eAc23x2JJG0
I want to talk about the film 's feminine aspect . I read interviews in which you stated that it 's very much a feminine film .
All my films are very feminine . Art is a feminine medium and it 's a way to counter masculinity . You know , the film I structured very much like a fairy tale . Half the movie had to be pure champagne in order for the [ the psychotic behavior ] of the second half to succeed . So it 's very much going from being very feminine to being extremely masculine . But I do look at myself as a feminine filmmaker , which makes me very masculine .
You had these mixes of contrasting scenes , where a passionate embrace suddenly veers into someone 's head getting kicked in . How important to you was it that the violence to those extreme levels ?
Very , that was what the whole point . The elevator sequence I came up with a week before we started shooting . This was a scene there that I could n't make work , and by placing it in the elevator I was able to incorporate the kiss , which essentially was the payoff to the head smash . Before , the problem was I did n't have anything to account it for . So it was n't till I changed [ the scene 's ] surroundings that I was able to come up with [ a payoff ] . There 's nothing too extreme for me if it balances in the reverse .
So balance very important to you .
Yeah , the payoff wo n't have an effect unless the build-up is emotionally engaging . Making violence is very much like sex . If you believe the build up to the climax , it becomes so much more engaging .
Was the intimacy of the violence deliberate ?
Yes , because violence is very intimate . The more intimate you make it , the more effective it is . More is at stake , so it touches you much deeper . In all of my films , violence always comes out of a person who has no other way to communicate . It 's the last straw of primal man .
With regard to the elevator scene , I read that you talked to Gaspar Noé about how to achieve the head-smashing .
I called Gaspar , and then we met in Paris because I was there for a few days with [ Alejandro ] Jodorowsky , and they kind of went through it ; showed me how they had done it .
What were some of the things that they told you ?
Like how in Irréversible they were able to replace an actor with a dummy . I do n't think I achieved it as good as they did it , but then again I got a kiss in there , which they did n't have [ laughs ] .
Intimacy and violence seems to be a common thread in all your movies , is that something intentional ?
I 'm a fetish filmmaker , and I make films based on what I would like to see . Either I 'll write it myself or I 'll have somebody else write it for me . I 'm not the greatest filmmaker in the world , by no means , but I 'm the best filmmaker of the kind of films I make .
When you work with another screenwriter , what 's the collaboration like ?
Well , I think the best way to answer that is that I can only make films based on myself . So far , I 've always come up with what I want to do myself , and having been forced to write it . But , regarding Drive , the source material – the novel it 's based on – is very good . [ The screenwriter ] had been very clever in how to structure the story in a more accessible fashion , mechanically . So there was a great chance for me and them to go back and say “ but what do you want to happen ? ” . I do n't make films on a “ we ” basis . I ca n't . There 's only “ I ” . That 's how I make films , though some people make them differently .
Can you talk about the film soundtrack ? The electro-pop soundtrack is such a great contrast to how the film plays out . How did that come about ?
I wanted an electronic score from the beginning , because whenever I make a film , I try to define it as a piece of music . With Drive , the idea was to have an electronic score combined with automobiles and masculine visuals . The electronic score , in a more European style of late 70's/early 80 's Europop , was then kind of feminine . [ I wanted to combine ] that sound with kind of modern sounds of the engine . That was the idea . Kraftwerk was the biggest inspiration for me when we were developing the score .
It seems like the soundtrack is telling the story more than any line of dialogue . Is that what you wanted to come across ?
Yeah , because I 'm not a playwright . I make films based on visuals and the only people 's opinions I care about are the actors , so if we 're on the same page , that 's all the matters to me . Working on a film is a bit like working on an installation : it 's about collaborating with talent to make it as easy and as comfortable , or uncomfortable depending on the scene , for them to express their emotions . Because , that 's what art is , art is the flow of emotions , and if you can tap into that as an audience , you experience something and it stays with you for the rest of your life .
With having very sparse dialogue throughout the fim , would you say that it was harder or easier to direct the actors that way ?
No , not really , it was just more like what fit the scene . When we 'd shoot a scene , I 'd eliminate almost half the dialogue during script rehearsals . We would start every morning with Ryan [ Gosling ] and I 'm figuring out , “ what do we really want to say ? ” , and cross out and come up with something else instead . If you 've got a great cast , your job is not to tell them what to do , it 's to inspire them to give their best . If they want to say something differently or phrase it another way , by all means , go ahead .
I 'm more interested in what they can accomplish . Same thing with the photographer , or an editor , or composer , you always ask “ well what would you like to do ? ” , because maybe they have a better idea than you , and you have to run with that . Filmmaking is a very collaborative medium dictated by a dictator .
I really enjoyed the minimalism of the opening sequence . What do you think makes a good car chase ?
It 's hard to say because each car chase is different . There 's no formula , it depends on the story , really . Car chases are just a technique .
What were you trying to achieve with the opening one ?
I 've never seen a car chase that 's all P.O.V. , like a video game . I wanted to make each car chase different so it all did n't become the same thing because I did n't have the money to do some of the extravagant stunts that other films have . When I did Bronson , I choreographed the fight scenes differently , emotionally as the film progressed . Same thing with Drive .
You mentioned how fairy-tales were the basis for Drive , was there anything specific that you were going for ?
They were all based on the Grimm 's Fairy Tales structure and the characters were archetypes . Ryan 's character would be like a knight and Carey Mulligan would be the young girl who gets themselves in trouble because of their innocence and their purity . Albert Brooks was the evil king , Ron Perlman was the dragon , and Bryan Cranston , the helper . They were all very much based on archetypes .
In [ James ] Sallis ' book , which is a brilliant piece of literature , it 's very much about a man 's travel in their past and in their future . But to make that accessible on a much larger scale , it had to benefit from a much simpler plot . So it becomes very accessible immediately because the love story had to be so pure . The good thing in this situation was that Ryan and I were so telekinetic in everything around us . It was like we became one person .
I 've heard that you have some more films planned that you want to do with Ryan Gosling .
We 're shooting Only God Forgives at Christmas , and then hopefully we 'll shoot the Logan 's Run remake after .
How 's this transition been for you ? A lot of people are looking at this as your big Hollywood breakthrough .
Well , I thought it was going to be a battle , but it turned out to be very , very smooth . It was hard how I made the film , but Ryan would protect me . It was in a similar way when Steve McQueen wanted Peter Yates to come do Bullitt , or Lee Marvin insisting on John Boorman directing Point Blank . It was a marriage between a Hollywood star and a European filmmaker , on a very equal level .
You talk about the sort of “ telekinesis ” you have with Ryan Gosling . Would say you guys have that same sort of vision for your next couple of films together ?
It 's more about emotions , and if you can click on certain things . But yeah , we talk all the time about things we want to do and how to make it better . When I came to L.A. , I would drive around at night with Ryan and go to the 101 , a very famous diner , and talk about the film . Then in the morning , Hossein would be writing from me and Ryan 's experiences , and we 'd sit down and restructure the film again , and again , and again . Then Ryan and I would go on a drive and lock Hossein in the attic to rewrite [ laughs ] .
It was very collaborative in that sense . Carey Mulligan moved into my house because they did n't have a place to stay in L.A. , so they lived with me and my wife and it automatically became like a family . It was a lot of fun to make this film .
Your films have a strong Jodorowsky influence . Can you talk about how you applied their sort of existential sensibility to this film ?
Right before I went off to Hollywood to make the movie I was talking with them and I said “ how do I make a movie in Hollywood that 's mine ? ” And they said “ just smile and nod every time someone speaks to you ” [ laughs ] .
How did your relationship with Ryan Gosling influence your discussions with the rest of the cast , if at all ?
I would talk with the rest of the cast the same way . On their level , with their ideas , and their approaches . I keep casts very separate .
Separate how ?
Well , I 'll talk to one actor about their character separately from how I 'd talk to another actor about their character , so when they start their scenes , it 's a duel .
How did Albert Brooks come into the film ?
I knew distinctly that I wanted them to play the Bernie Rose character . At that time Bernie was a gangster , primarily because that 's who they are in the novel , but I wanted to make them a movie producer . So Hossein and I talked about how to do that and put that information into the script .
I wanted to meet Albert , of course , before signing off on them and offering them the part . So they came to my house and they were like a volcano of emotion . I realized that they never played a bad guy or killed anyone , which is interesting casting-wise . I figured if I did n't have them kill anybody now , they were going to kill everybody soon [ laughs ] . They did a phenomenal job with it .
You talk about the idea of Drive as a superhero film . Can you talk about where the idea for the scorpion symbol on Ryan 's jacket came from , as well as the allusion to “ The Scorpion and the Frog ” story within the film ?
I knew I wanted a satin jacket because I wanted them to shine at night . When you deal with very good actors , you often let them figure out their wardrobe themselves because that 's very much how they build their characters . So Ryan would go out and find a jacket that he 'd feel comfortable in and he 'd bring it back and we 'd make it satin . A lot of them were old military jackets with symbols of eagles and other iconic American symbols , and I thought , “ Oh , that would be great if they had a symbol on himself , like a logo ! ”
We decided we were going to put some kind of animal on the jacket , but then by coincidence I was with the costume designer in a garage looking at how mechanics dress . Ryan was there working on their car because they were building their own car at the time , and they said that I should show the costume designer my visual reference for the Drive , which was Scorpio Rising . The film starts with the logo of a scorpion , and the telekinetic minds of myself and Ryan simultaneously said “ it 's a scorpion ! ” Then Ryan had the idea that we could use this design to incorporate this story about the scorpion and the frog , and it turned out really great .
Thanks for talking with me !
No problem .
Last Updated ago . Click `` Updates '' above to see the latest .
Boat Hous Diner
My story
This modular ( creator ) building , the Boat House Diner , is created to fit in a Sea front Village . I built this one on Lego Digital Designer ( LDD ) . I really believe that this model could have a lot of genuine interest for fans of my Sea front Village sets . This is the third of a series of modular ( creator } buildings that I will be submitting .
Summary
If you 're looking for a nice dinner with lots of seafood in the Sea Front Village , you 've found the right place . With a French chef , and their trusty waiter it has become one of the most famous restaurants .
Our go-to spot for seafood , The Boat House Diner , for a more refined experience , Sit in the dining room , overlooking the dock , cracking open crab claws and dunking lobster tails in butter . The menu also includes a terrific lobster roll . Pair your seafood feast with a local beverage ,
Minifig : French chef , waiter and 4 guest
Boat : made by stem bricks and stem plate
Kitchen : cabinets some have drawers , oven , range and shelving
The building consists of roughly 2225 parts . The Boat House Diner has two dining rooms , one downstairs and one upstairs . The first floor can be reached by a staircase where the second dining room and the kitchen is . The kitchen has black and white floor tiles and the dining rooms have white glow and earth green tiles , the walls are brick yellow and the windows white , the roof color dark brown .
If you like this design or the idea of the Boat House Diner– Modular ( Creator ) Building
Thanks for reading and Brick On everyone !
Mountain View police succeeded in harshing the mellow of many ravers and would-be ravers over the weekend when they arrested over 100 people at the Beyond Wonderland music fest at Shoreline Amphitheater . The arrests were mostly for drunkenness and drug offenses , and it 's unclear why so many people had to face arrest , but this particular event has had its share of trouble in the past .
Last year 's Beyond Wonderland , which took place at Oakland 's Oracle Arena , led to dozens of noise complaints from all over the region .
This year 's party was over two days and attracted 40,000 ravers . As the Mercury-News reports , the legions of arrestees were all taken to Santa Clara County jail . We assume they had buses , or something .
It seems that Peninsula cops wanted to combat any potential drug-related medical issues by arresting as many people and confiscating as many pills as possible . Authorities are still made nervous by the specter of those ecstasy overdoses at the Cow Palace a couple years back .
[ Mercury-News ]
[ Chron ]
As the cost of living in Silicon Valley continues to rise , the security officers that work on the campuses of some of the biggest technology companies have moved to unionize in an effort to demand higher wages .
About 3,000 security officers , including some who work at companies like Facebook and Cisco have received union recognition in what the SEIU United Service Workers West calls the “ largest private sector organizing win ever in Silicon Valley. ” The bargaining for the first contract will begin in about a month , a representative for SEIU tells Gizmodo . The security officers are currently drafting their bargaining priorities . The security officer is not directly employed by these technology giants , but rather by security firms Allied Universal , G4S , Securitas , and Cypress .
Advertisement
These security officers are n't the first hourly employees in Silicon Valley that have fought to unionize . In 2015 , bus drivers for Facebook who shuttle employees to campus unanimously voted to unionize . The new contractor negotiated by those drivers pushed the average salary from $ 18 an hour to $ 24.50 an hour , according to SFGate .
The security officers currently earn wages around $ 12 to $ 20 dollars an hour , which officers involved in the unionization effort say is n't sufficient to live in the Bay Area . In just 2016 alone , the Consumer Price Index in San Francisco increased by 3.5 percent , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , compared to the 2/1 percent increase nationally .
The security officers contend , correctly , that they protect some of the world 's richest companies , and should be compensated accordingly . One officer told the San Fransisco Chronicle that he 'd like to see their pay increase to $ 27 an hour .
Advertisement
[ San Fransisco Chronicle ]
After years of watching shows like Dexter and Two and a Half Men , you ca n't help but become so attached to the television show that you start wondering what their household really looks like .
Spanish interior designer Iñaki Aliste Lizarralde had the same thought as us , and decided to do something for themselves creating this incredible series of highly detailed floor plans from some of our favorite television shows . The collection includes the likes of The Simpson , Dexter , Friends , Seinfeld , Two and a Half Men , The Big Bang Theory , How I Met Your Mother , and a handful others . Each of the floor plans is highly detailed , and not only includes the architectural side of things , but also goes into immense furnishing details really bringing these television shows to life . As a huge fan of a lot of these shows , this was definitely a project we could appreciate the amount of time and effort that was put in . Check out the floor plans below .
The Graham Norton Show has added a surprise extra guest to next week 's show and it 's none other than Mr Benedict Cumberbatch .
Advertisement
The original line-up saw Mr Turner star Timothy Spall alongside comedian Miranda Hart with musical guests Maroon 5 . But that last spot on the sofa seemed empty .
It 's certainly filled now with The Imitation Game star heading back to Graham 's couch for the first time since last October . He 'll be talking all about their turn as Alan Turing in the Oscar-tipped film and , if their previous visits to Norton 's show are anything to go by , doing some impressions and running up the stairs to hug their fans .
Here we caught up with Cumberbatch on the red carpet at the European Premiere of The Imitation Game . Watch out for their hilarious Star Trek fanboy freakout…
Advertisement
See The Graham Norton Show Friday 24 Oct at 10:35pm on BBC1
On March 11 a Newport News , Virginia , mother who was home alone with their daughter shot an alleged home invader , surmising , “ It was either them or me [ and ] I have my daughter to protect . ”
The incident occurred around 10:30 pm .
According to News Channel 3 , “ someone starting banging on the door ” after the woman 's husband left home to work at night . The unnamed mother said the person was also “ messing with the door knob . ”
The mother said the man kept yelling for them to let them in–acting as if they knew each other–but when they looked through the peephole , they did not recognize him . So they “ latched the top lock , ran to the back , called 911 and got [ her ] gun . ”
They said they and their husband had discussed this scenario numerous times : that they were supposed to grab the gun and protect their own life , their daughter 's life , and their home . And that is exactly what they did .
While they were thinking these things , they “ heard a crash ” and realized the man had come through a window into “ her daughter 's playroom. ” They shot the alleged intruder twice , leaving them with life-threatening injuries .
The mother was shaken by the incident but said that , going forward , they now know they can do what needs to be done to protect themselves and their daughter .
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @ AWRHawkins . Reach them directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com .
Ah , “ photography ” , you loosely defined word that everyone seems to have their own definition of . It 's amazing how polarizing you can be , is n't it ?
And one of your most polarizing aspects seems to be exactly how much retouching is considered reasonable . Purists claim no retouching of any kind is allowed ( then they usually reference Ansel Adams , which is quite ironic considering the amount of dodging and burning they brought to the field ) , while others gladly accept Photoshop as a regular part of their photography tool-belt .
In general though , there 's a viewpoint around the photography community , that too much Photoshop is a bad thing . That it destroys photography as we know it , and those who retouch an absurd amount should be banned or beheaded or at least mildly reprimanded ( depending on which Facebook group you happen to be in ) . But before we all start gathering our pitchforks , can we maybe examine this concept of over-retouching for just a second ?
First of all , let 's all admit that the term “ over-retouching ” is pretty specific to the type of photography in discussion . In photojournalism or documentary style photography , even the slightest adjustment in Lightroom may be completely off-limits , yet for someone such as myself , who makes a living on work that admittedly straddles the line between photography and photo-manipulation , the definition of “ too much ” is entirely subjective .
And speaking of subjectivity , this brings me to my second point : we each have a preference for a particular editing style . I , for example , am not a huge fan of HDR . Actually let me rephrase that : I loathe the use of HDR . I ca n't stand it . Out of 1,000 examples of what would be considered “ well done ” HDR , I 'd only admit to liking one or two photos…and that 's strictly on the occasion that the photographer whose photos they were been standing right next to me and I did n't want to completely crush their soul . But I 'd be lying , because no matter how far down I dig , I just ca n't bring myself to like HDR treatment of photographs .
However , as much as I hate this particular editing style , that does n't mean it should be banned from ever being used . It does n't mean I should be breaking down other photographers simply because they do enjoy it as an editing technique . If anything , it only means that I wo n't be using HDR anytime soon on my own photographs . It 's a personal preference and nothing more .
Lastly though , the real issue I have with such hateful rhetoric of “ over-retouched ” photos is this : does n't everyone start off with a little too much adjusting ?
Granted , if you started in the days of film and you did n't have your own darkroom , it was probably pretty tough to manipulate anything in post-processing . But let 's talk about the 21st century , when most new photographers started out with access to both a camera and at least a decent version of Photoshop or Lightroom . Did n't we all go a little crazy in the beginning ?
I know I did . I was burning up those saturation and clarity sliders . Everything needed to be brighter ! More color ! More contrast ! More , more , more , MORE ! ! ( Cue evil , maniacal laughter here . )
My early work , like so many other photographers , was awful . I was n't experienced enough to be able to see color casts or recognize the breakdown of color information from over-manipulation . My skin tones were severe and unnatural…and I had no idea . I tried my hardest to get the best possible shot in-camera , and then adjusted however much I needed to make the photo “ better ” in post…or at least what I thought was better . Looking back though , everything looked pretty damn…well…amateur ( in fact , if you scroll to the bottom of my Flickr account , you can see exactly what I 'm talking about – I have n't taken one photo down since the beginning ) .
People tried to help , but their feedback fell on deaf ears . It was n't that I was trying to be stubborn ; I honestly just had no idea how to tell the difference between good and bad photography , and I simply could n't understand their critiques . They said the skin tones were bluish – I could n't see it . They said the vignette was too strong – I did n't know what a vignette was . In short , I was exactly like the vast majority of the general public , because in terms of photography skills , I was n't a photographer yet . I was still a member of the general public…except with a camera in my hands and Photoshop at my disposal .
As embarrassing as it is to look through my early photos , I 'm glad I spent the beginning of my career in the “ overly-retouched ” category , because it was the only way I was able to learn . All of that experimenting brought me to where I am now , where I rarely , if ever , use the saturation slider . My editing style leans towards a much softer and much more natural aesthetic – especially the more I shoot film .
Looking back though , if people had consistently destroyed me for my use of over-retouching , I may have completely avoided Photoshop altogether and I would n't have learned near the amount of useful information I know now .
Therefore , after all this examination , I raise the question : why the constant bashing of overly-retouched photos ? Either it 's overly-retouched according to your own personal preference , in which case your bashing serves only to prove your own photography superior in some conceited way , or the retouching really is awfully done , in which case it 's probably a new photographer simply feeling out their own editing style , and your bashing serves…well the exact same purpose .
So can we call a truce ? Can we just admit a few simple points here :
1 . ) Every photographer has a different editing style , some that we find pleasing and some that we do n't . If someone 's editing style does n't match your own preference , certainly you can agree to disagree in a somewhat respectful manner , right ?
2 . ) Some photographers simply have n't reached the point in their development when they 're able to recognize their own over-retouching , in which case surely it 's possible to still offer them help without completely crucifying them for it as well ?
3 . ) We were all there too at some point . None of us started out with perfect shots straight out of camera and we certainly did n't have the perfect editing skills to accentuate the decent shots we did take . We 're all probably a little embarrassed to go through our own early work , and mocking other photographers because they might be in a different stage of development than you is really a pretty dick move overall , agreed ?
I sure hope so . Because I really do n't have a problem seeing a cluster of poor , “ overly-retouched ” photos scrolling through my news feed from a new photographer excited about learning how to dodge and burn for the first time . Are they probably grossly overdone ? Of course they are , but I 'm sure we all overused the dodge and burn technique just as much the first time we learned about it too . It does bother me though , to see a collection of pompous , bitter “ professional ” opinions about how honest editing mistakes and experiments are destroying the industry . For the love of Ansel just let people play around and find their style , and in the meantime , remember where you came from and do n't be such an ass about someone else 's journey .
But that 's all just personal preference , of course ; ) .
About The Author
Jenna Martin is a conceptual photographer from Billings , MT . They specialize in creating alternate , dream realities through photographs . They also provide online training . You can follow their wonderful writings here , ( or subscribe ) , their facebook here and their Twitter here . This article was originally published here and shared with permission .
Winter Storm Watch
URGENT - WINTER WEATHER MESSAGE National Weather Service Reno NV 221 AM PST Sun Jan 7 2018 Including the city of Mammoth Lakes 221 AM PST Sun Jan 7 2018 ... WINTER STORM WATCH NOW IN EFFECT FROM MONDAY EVENING THROUGH TUESDAY EVENING ABOVE 7000 FEET ... * WHAT ... Heavy snow possible . Plan on difficult travel conditions , including during the morning and evening commutes on Tuesday . Total snow accumulations of 1-2 feet above 7500 feet , are possible , with localized amounts of 3+ feet along the Sierra crest . 4-12 inches are possible between 7000-7500 feet with up to 2 inches down to 6500 feet . * WHERE ... Mono County . * WHEN ... From Monday evening through Tuesday evening . * ADDITIONAL DETAILS ... Significant reductions in visibility are possible . PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS ... Now is the time to prepare an emergency kit for your home and car . If traveling consider alternate plans , remember to carry tire chains , extra food , water and clothing . Once the storm arrives , travel may be difficult or impossible for an extended period of time .
January 7 , 2018 - A Winter Storm Watch is in effect for the higher elevation of the Sierra Nevada from Monday evening through Tuesday evening above 7000 feet as a frontal system moves through the area.12 to 24 inches of snow with isolated areas getting up to 3 feet of snow is expected , which will make driving conditions very difficult if not impossible.Prepare for possible road closures.The mountain communities over the grapevine may also get several inches of snow.The foothills and mountains below the snow level will see 2 to 3 inches of rain.The north San Joaquin could see up to an inch of rain , fewer amounts over the south valley , Kern County mountains and desert.Also , Flash flooding is possible , especially near the burn scars of the recent fires.Source : NWS
Contact :
[ Your name , email , phone ]
POLYAMORISTS APPLAUD UTAH RULING THAT LEGALIZES GROUP LIVING , LOVING
On December 13th a U.S. District Court judge sided with the polygamous Brown family in Utah , stars of TLC 's `` Sister Wives '' series , ruling that key parts of Utah 's anti-polygamy laws are unconstitutional . Judge Clark Waddoups ' 91-page ruling decriminalizes many forms of open and honest non-monogamy in Utah and sets a potential precedent nationwide .
[ Your group 's name ] joins with Loving More , Atlanta Polyamory , The Relationship Equality Foundation , Athens Polyamory , Modern Poly , The Charlotte Poly Network , B'More Poly , Hampton Roads Area Poly ( HARP ) , Polyamory In the News , and others around the nation in congratulating the Browns on their historic win for freedom and equality in their case against the Utah law that made cohabiting in a group relationship a crime punishable by up to five years in prison .
While only currently affecting the State of Utah , the Brown decision is a win for nontraditional chosen families and people in honest open relationships across the country . We honor the strength and perseverance of the Browns in beating down this injustice in federal court .
Things of note about the ruling :
• The case is officially Brown v. Buhman ( 2:11-cv-652 ) , though it is widely called Brown v. Utah .
• The ruling throws out part but not all of the Utah law . It removes as unconstitutional the section of the law prohibiting `` cohabitation , '' saying that this violates constitutional guarantees . `` The court finds the cohabitation prong of the Statute unconstitutional on numerous grounds and strikes it . ”
• The ruling does uphold the part of the Utah law banning bigamy `` in the literal sense -- the fraudulent or otherwise impermissible possession of two purportedly valid marriage licenses for the purpose of entering into more than one purportedly legal marriage . ''
• The practice of private multi-unions or self-declared marriages outside of legal contexts ( civil and religious ) is not restricted . That is , people may participate in group marriage ceremonies and call each other husbands and wives without the law taking notice , as long as there is no intent to defraud or to claim marriage benefits by those who do not qualify for them .
• Polyamorists are an enumerated group in this case , having been named directly in the original filings .
Key rulings across the nation are striking down anti-cohabitation statutes as well as laws restricting gender in marriage ( such as United States v. Windsor , the U.S. Supreme Court 's DOMA ruling last June ) . As legal rulings dismiss laws restricting personal freedoms that cause no harm to others ( that is , without “ a rational basis ” ) , a clear message moves across our nation that personal relationships can and should be able to take more than one form , and that the form should be defined by the people involved in the relationships , not the government . The courts are removing antiquated laws one by one and increasing the freedom of individuals to make their own relationship choices without living in fear .
If the Utah officials on the losing side appeal the decision , Brown v. Buhman ( Brown v. Utah ) would move on to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals and then possibly the U.S. Supreme Court , possibly resulting in a nationwide ruling that would strike down the criminalization of group cohabitation in states that still currently intrude on such private matters .
[ Add something here about your local group , and who to contact if the media want to learn more about what you do and what you offer people in your area . ]
How the NSA 's decrypting practices erodes basic trust
Breaking encryption systems questioned ( Photo : Alejandro Gonzalez , USA TODAY )
( Editor 's note : Opinions in the tech community about the key implications of the NSA 's practice of weakening encryption systems , as part of its PRISM anti-terrorism surveillance – disclosed last week by Pro Publica , The Guardian and The New York Times – vary . Jeff Hudson , CEO of software company Venafi , believes they are dire . Venafi provides encryption key and certificate security and protection . )
The recent string of revelations about the activities of the NSA can only lead one to the conclusion : we are on the brink of a disaster . The disaster is the crumbling of the backbone of our digital world – the Internet .
Counterpoint : The case supporting the NSA 's decrypting
Why is it crumbling ? Because much of what goes on in the digital world assumes that you can authenticate and identify the entity you are communicating with and that if you use encryption , the information you exchange is safe from prying eyes .
We trust the Internet in large part because we are relatively sure that if , for example , we go to a bank 's website and `` https '' shows up in the browser 's address bar , we are in fact attached to and communicating with the bank ( not some criminal 's fake site ) . We are also certain that the information we send over the Internet through many series of ISPs , routers and firewalls is only visible to the bank .
If none of this is true then we will have a disaster on our hands . The disaster is that we will be in a digital world where nothing can be trusted .
If it is not intuitively obvious why living in a world without trust is a disaster , consider the following . Why does our society , commerce , transportation , and just about everything in the non-digital world work today ? Because we trust it to work .
When you get in a taxi , you trust it will get you to your destination . In a restaurant , you trust the food is not poisoned . From a water faucet , you trust the water is free of cholera or other deadly bacteria .
In the digital world , if we do not trust that we are connected to the bank we think we are communicating with , if we do not trust that our medical records are transferred without disclosure to unknown parties , if we do not trust that our house alarms can not be turned off remotely by a thief , and if we do not trust that the power grid can not be shut down by terrorists , then we are living in a digital world where we can trust nothing .
That is a disaster . The consequences of a digital world without trust are not predictable , and they are very possibly catastrophic .
There is a simple reason we are on the verge of this disaster . The reason is that almost all enterprises do not protect and secure the trust that they rely upon in the digital world .
A Ponemon Institute study of the Global 2000 reports that over 50 percent of organizations do not know what type of or how many cryptographic keys and digital certificates they are using to ensure trust across the Internet , nor do they know what policies govern their use . Furthermore , on average each enterprise thinks it has around 17,000 keys and certificates in use , but is n't sure .
The NSA has collected keys and certificates , and reportedly used them to intercept and eavesdrop on the digital world . Uncle Sam has proven that this can be done , even though most people did not think it was possible .
The problem does not end with the NSA , though . Now that everyone knows what the NSA has done , that means criminals know as well . They will follow the NSA 's lead and use the same techniques to steal and control anything they want . For enterprises , this means their intellectual property is at risk of being stolen .
The only solution is to protect , secure and control the foundations of trust in the digital world , which means strengthening many systems , including keys and certificates .
It 's worrisome that few corporations are taking steps to avoid the disaster of a world without trust .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1fQyYQP
Chinese border guards have begun thoroughly searching North Korean cargo trucks crossing into China , an indication that Beijing is implementing financial sanctions against Pyongyang in the wake of last week 's U.S.-China Summit , according to sources .
Traders based in China told RFA 's Korean Service that Beijing has instructed the country 's customs office and commercial banks to apply pressure on Pyongyang because of the summit , citing “ meticulous inspections ” aimed at snaring illicit cash hauls .
“ [ China 's ] customs office has strengthened searches of freight vehicles coming from North Korea to China , ” said a trader based in the Chinese city of Dandong , along the border with the North , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
“ Until recently , inspections were only conducted on cargo going from China to North Korea , but these days vehicles entering China [ from the North ] are also thoroughly searched . The meticulous inspection process has left North Koreans baffled . ”
According to the source , traders based in North Korea had been asking North Korean truck drivers to smuggle money across the border to pay their counterparts in China for goods , but Chinese officers are now searching the inside of the vehicles when they drive through customs .
“ The inspection is [ carried out ] to find the bulk of the money , which is hidden inside of the vehicle , ” they said .
“ If the inspector finds cash , it is seized unconditionally . Because of the new situation , Chinese business people often do n't receive the payments due to them for goods they sent North Korean traders on credit . ”
As a result , they said , fewer Chinese traders are willing to conduct business with the North on credit .
The increased customs scrutiny is not only being applied to commercial entities , the source added .
“ A thorough search by China 's customs for incoming cargo from North Korea is also equally applied to North Korean travelers traveling for private reasons , ” they said .
“ If the amount of simple items , such as alcohol or cigarettes , is higher than customs limits , then a huge amount of duty is issued or the items are seized . ”
Chinese traders affected
A second trader source from China told RFA that traders on both sides of the border are hoping the increased pressure is only temporary , “ because the atmosphere of customs has changed dramatically . ”
“ In March , Chinese banks blocked individual remittance transactions by refusing to open personal bank accounts for North Koreans , ” they said .
“ Furthermore , China is blocking the transport of cash by cargo vehicles . Therefore , traders in both countries are very concerned . ”
Facing criticism from Washington and in U.N. reports on sanctions compliance , China has applied pressure on North Korea in the past , recently stopping vital imports of coal from its impoverished neighbor as part of a bid to dissuade the North from pursuing the development of its nuclear weapons program under regime leader Kim Jong-un .
But both sources suggested the most recent clampdown was a direct response to “ persistent demands from the U.S. on sanctions aimed at North Korea . ”
Recent summit
Few details or formal agreements have been announced after what was billed as a get-acquainted meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping at Trump 's Spanish-style Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach , Florida last week .
But Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters that Xi and Trump agreed to increase cooperation on curbing North Korea 's nuclear program , which the Chinese leader said had reached a serious stage . No details were offered .
North Korea has said it is progressing toward its goal of building long-range nuclear ICBM missiles capable of striking the U.S. mainland .
The North regularly carries out missile launches , most recently firing a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast on April 5 . It conducted a fifth nuclear test on Sept. 9 , 2016 .
Reported by Joonho Kim for RFA 's Korean Service . Translated by Soo Min Jo . Written in English by Joshua Lipes .
VIENNA ( Reuters ) - Giant panda Yang Yang gave birth nine days ago and CCTV monitoring at Vienna 's Schoenbrunn Zoo did not show their secret until late last week - they had not one but two cubs keeping warm between their massive paws .
Pictures and video footage from the zoo showed the two tiny pink cubs resting on Yang Yang 's chest as they lay on their back .
“ It sounded as though two cubs were squealing , but we only ever saw one , ” zoo director , Dagmar Schratter , said in a statement on Tuesday . “ On Friday , the zookeepers were first able to make out two of them on the screen . ”
Yang Yang is being monitored by cameras in a private pen so as not to disturb them and panda cubs are rarely seen because their mothers constantly warm them between their paws .
Yang Yang has given birth to three other cubs , all of which are now in China .
Previous | Next Turtle Sandbox Posted at : 2009-06-09 01:46:23 From Timmy Tucker to * * * * * * * * * * * @ * * * * * * * * * * .org
RE : Swingset Assembly
Hey ,
I saw you are looking for someone to assemble your wooden swing set . First off , I must say that a swing set is a horrible toy for a child . I had a swing set as a kid , and broke three of my ribs and tore my ACL on it . My career in little league soccer was ruined . I recommend that you get your child a sandbox . I have an old sandbox that I am not using , and would be willing to sell to you for $ 300 . It is an awesome sandbox . It is shaped like a turtle , and the lid is part of the turtle too . It comes with beautiful sand filled from a beach on Coney Island , NY . Let me know if you are interested .
Tim
From John * * * * * * * * to Me
i dont want your sandbox . i already bought the swingset for my kid and am I sticking with that . its your own damn fault you got hurt on your swingset
From Timmy Tucker to John * * * * * *
John ,
Actually it is not my fault . The swingset had a faulty design and the swing came off while I was in the air , and I was sent flying into oncoming traffic . I am lucky to be alive . If you do not want your son mangled by a Dodge Caravan , then you should buy my sandbox instead . Sandboxes are 100 % safe .
Tim
From John * * * * * * * * to Me
fuck your sandbox . i want my kid to have fun , not to sit in some dirty ass sand from new york . i am not an idiot and will not set up my swingset where my child can be thrown into oncoming traffic .
From Timmy Tucker to John * * * * * *
Well it sounds like you wo n't set up your swingset at all without my help . Are you a quadriplegic ? Why are you incapable of putting a swingset together ?
If you are a quadriplegic and I have offended you , I am sorry . In that case , would you be interested in my sandbox for your crippled body to relax in ? Seeing as you ca n't use the swingset anyway , it would be way more practical for you .
From John * * * * * * * * to Me
FUCK OFF STOP EMAILING ME Previous | Next Share Showing comments 1-25 . View all comments Chknynab ( 2019-01-03 02:55:31 )
Et il a perdu le grand jeu sans vraiment tourner jusqu'¨¤ play . Pitcher Vladimir Gutierrez et l'arr¨ºt-court Dainer Moreira ont abandonn¨¦ leur ¨¦quipe et d¨¦sert¨¦ leur pays ¨¤ Puerto Rico . And surtout , pourquoi ramener Di Maria sans r¨¦ellement Jcdejvfy ( 2019-01-02 00:14:00 )
Sandoval , qui a pass¨¦ les sept premi¨¨res saisons de sa carri¨¨re avec les Giants , frapp¨¦e . Partager cet article sur Facebook Like Us Nouvelles connexes NBA Free Agents rumeurs : New York Knicks pour acqu¨¦rir Greg Monroe Cet ¨¦t¨¦ NBA Draft 2015 Perspe Ppeibotv ( 2018-12-25 08:36:33 )
Algieri , qui a un dossier de 20-0 avec huit coups de grace , dit qu'il a ¨¦tudi¨¦ le style de Pacquiao comme il se pr¨¦pare ¨¤ perturber le rythme de l'ic ? ne de la boxe philippin afin d'avoir une bonne chance d'arracher une surprise . Ma tan Qovlrjxc ( 2018-11-15 08:20:16 )
`` His grandfather , Ladbysse Diop , was the first Senegalese footballer to ever play in the French top-flight . `` `` : Press Association4Gael Clichy also earns a startGetty Images4But Sergio Aguero remains on the benchIndividually , Gabriel can play on vek'nir ( 2018-10-31 11:41:19 )
creepy comments lol avattixSityfish25 ( 2017-03-12 03:03:56 )
< p > Should you wish to be a highly sought-after skilled , respected in your niche , you need to push yourself at all times.Almost everyone begins our day by means of coffee , either homemade or people buy it from our favoured coffee shop.Charles Richard avattixSityfish14 ( 2017-03-07 23:02:53 )
< p > This will ensure that your prospects generate a pleasing reaction and raise the responds you get.Whenever you can put only one number in your card despite the fact that not to confuse your prospects.So why did the Cheerleader Getting Cost by a fo avattixSityfish52 ( 2017-02-26 01:39:56 )
< p > ? Three retirees , each together with hearing loss , were traveling one fine March day time.With regards to the Author We are zealous about helping others towards discovering the uniqueness in addition to wonder within themselves.With this method , avattixSityfish15 ( 2017-02-24 19:59:57 )
< p > Only the aristocracy as well as very wealthy could manage to pay for books , so the masses never learned the right way to read or write.Half a dozen : Take action to understand started - The last step to becoming started is to do this.Long Island D avattixSityfish81 ( 2017-02-19 08:21:10 )
< p > us MySpace Comments Maintain the Pet in a Comfortable Environment As being a pet owner , you need to be conscious of your family dog ? s health because that you 're your beloved pet ? azines primary caregiver.Some of the services that help in yo avattixSityfish14 ( 2017-02-18 00:11:21 )
< p > by simply : Daniel Hirsch Are you aiming to advertise your business within an innovative manner at cost effective prices.With a greater number of unisex salons and properly equipped men salons , men manicure has started to become popular Exereteap ( 2017-02-13 10:13:22 )
You can pick up the expertise and acquaintance needed free . Parents can observe the process as well , though the photographers tend to be pretty sound in baby care and handling . This is simple and easy.Sales are essential in every industrial equipment cons Escoveapase ( 2017-02-13 05:47:05 )
Up in Canada , the dollar was weak against the Loonie ( The goofy name the Canadians gave their money ) .It 's important to consider the style of your dress and obviously the type of event that you are attending.Because vitamin C is not a histamine recep Amandeep ( 2017-01-10 14:38:10 )
mp3 agnes release me - myfreemp3.review/search/mp3-agnes-release-me/ download free music Ernie ( 2017-01-07 18:03:13 )
5 day workouts for women { calories per day . a daily head sc 5 good to know facts about garcinia cambogia # file_links [ `` G : BotmasterXRumer16Projectsgarcinia_cambogiaurl_no.txt '' ,1 , NP ] # # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # r Ernie ( 2017-01-07 18:03:12 )
5 day workouts for women { calories per day . a daily head sc 5 good to know facts about garcinia cambogia # file_links [ `` G : BotmasterXRumer16Projectsgarcinia_cambogiaurl_no.txt '' ,1 , NP ] # # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # r Ernie ( 2017-01-07 18:03:12 )
5 day workouts for women { calories per day . a daily head sc 5 good to know facts about garcinia cambogia # file_links [ `` G : BotmasterXRumer16Projectsgarcinia_cambogiaurl_no.txt '' ,1 , NP ] # # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # r Ernie ( 2017-01-07 18:03:11 )
5 day workouts for women { calories per day . a daily head sc 5 good to know facts about garcinia cambogia # file_links [ `` G : BotmasterXRumer16Projectsgarcinia_cambogiaurl_no.txt '' ,1 , NP ] # # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # r Ernie ( 2017-01-07 18:03:10 )
5 day workouts for women { calories per day . a daily head sc 5 good to know facts about garcinia cambogia # file_links [ `` G : BotmasterXRumer16Projectsgarcinia_cambogiaurl_no.txt '' ,1 , NP ] # # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ A .. Z ] # random [ a .. z ] # r Escoveapase ( 2017-01-06 05:05:16 )
This insurance coverage is the icing on the cake for mortgage lenders ; they have made considered one of their most lucrative sales ( the mortgage ) after which they ‘ add on ' the safety insurance , to give them a bit further ! As soon as once more Felfrhili ( 2016-12-27 01:52:56 )
Our correspondent dutinremindValentines day trip congestion sectionsTodays morning rush or will be advanced to 6 when 30 points , late peak cinema and other neighboring easy congestionReport from our correspondeFacts About Safe Sharps Disposal NashvilleF alompadeolo ( 2016-12-27 00:47:32 )
Few players take time necessary to become the really good launchers.youtube.au , where you can learn how to do just about anything by booking into their many craft classes . A forex broker can only prove this having a good report of success and innovation , Exereteap ( 2016-12-18 22:51:03 )
Floating over the serene & scenic waterways and lakes houseboat cruise takes you into the unique world of wonderments.In addition to the general good quality of these perform , 'sharps ' distinguish them selves through 'squares ' in a number Escoveapase ( 2016-12-17 06:44:48 )
A player who can throw downwards in the circle uniformly is a good launcher . This handle is also known as 4-bend the fastball . `` Regardless of rumors , I 'm with the Tigers and trying to get ready forspring training , '' Porcello said . If you have ne alompadeolo ( 2016-12-13 02:06:33 )
Coach A Rod Was In Pain In August - RealGM WiretapKevin Long , New York 's hitting coach , knew something was wrong with Alex Rodriguez as far back as August . If a jet of the can'T of player with exactitude it makes its team little good outside in th
View all comments
Muslim Attacks Trump in NYT Op-Ed Over Orlando Islamist Massacre ; Tells Trump to ‘ Go F * ck Himself '
Aziz Ansari , a Muslim-American actor who stars in the Netflix show Master of None , attacked presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in an op-ed published Friday by the New York Times Sunday Review over the June 12 Islamic terror attack in Orlando , Florida that killed 49 people and wounded 53 at a gay nightclub .
In typical fashion , the op-ed is a post-Islamic terror attack pity party in which Muslims are proclaimed the victims while the actual people slaughtered by the Muslim terrorist are ignored .
Ansari makes the claim that there are “ 0 percent ” Muslim Americans involved in terrorism .
Aziz Ansari , image via Wikipedia .
Ansari promoted their Trump-bashing Times op-ed on Twitter , saying they were telling Trump to “ go fuck himself ” .
Trump wants to ban Muslim immigrants like my parents . I wrote a piece for @ NYTimes telling them to go fuck himself : https : //t.co/MCDsQyz2jy — Aziz Ansari ( @ azizansari ) June 24 , 2016
“ Trump wants to ban Muslim immigrants like my parents . I wrote a piece for @ NYTimes telling them to go fuck himself : ”
Ansari 's NYT op-ed is entitled , Aziz Ansari : Why Trump Makes Me Scared for My Family .
Ansari opens their article with them telling their U.S. citizen Muslim mother to not worship at their mosque ; goes on to defend Muslims and then proceeds to attack Trump . Nowhere in the column is any expression of sympathy from Ansari for the victims and their families killed and wounded in the Orlando Islamic terror attack .
“ DO N'T go anywhere near a mosque , ” I told my mother . “ Do all your prayer at home . O.K . ? ” “ We 're not going , ” they replied . I am the son of Muslim immigrants . As I sent that text , in the aftermath of the horrible attack in Orlando , Fla. , I realized how awful it was to tell an American citizen to be careful about how they worshiped . Being Muslim American already carries a decent amount of baggage . In our culture , when people think “ Muslim , ” the picture in their heads is not usually of the Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar or the kid who left the boy band One Direction . It 's of a scary terrorist character from “ Homeland ” or some monster from the news . Today , with the presidential candidate Donald J. Trump and others like them spewing hate speech , prejudice is reaching new levels . It 's visceral , and scary , and it affects how people live , work and pray . It makes me afraid for my family . It also makes no sense . ”
Ansari goes on to blame Trump for alleged “ vitriolic and hate-filled rhetoric ” and “ xenophobic rhetoric ” while mischaracterizing Trump 's statements–going so far as to claim Trump ‘ celebrated ' the Orlando attack .
“ The vitriolic and hate-filled rhetoric coming from Mr. Trump is n't so far off from cursing at strangers from a car window . They have said that people in the American Muslim community “ know who the bad ones are , ” implying that millions of innocent people are somehow complicit in awful attacks . Not only is this wrongheaded ; but it also does nothing to address the real problems posed by terrorist attacks . By Mr. Trump 's logic , after the huge financial crisis of 2007-08 , the best way to protect the American economy would have been to ban white males. ” … ” Xenophobic rhetoric was central to Mr. Trump 's campaign long before the attack in Orlando . This is a guy who kicked off their presidential run by calling Mexicans “ rapists ” who were “ bringing drugs ” to this country . Numerous times , they have said that Muslims in New Jersey were cheering in the streets on Sept. 11 , 2001 . This has been continually disproved , but they stand by it . “ … “ Mr . Trump , in response to the attack in Orlando , began a tweet with these words : “ Appreciate the congrats. ” It appears that day they were the one who was celebrating after an attack . ”
Ansari claims “ 0 percent ” of Muslim Americans are involved in terrorism by playing a numbers game that ignores the thousands of Americans murdered on U.S. soil by Muslims in the name of Allah .
“ There are approximately 3.3 million Muslim Americans . After the attack in Orlando , The Times reported that the F.B.I . is investigating 1,000 potential “ homegrown violent extremists , ” a majority of whom are most likely connected in some way to the Islamic State . If everyone on that list is Muslim American , that is 0.03 percent of the Muslim American population . If you round that number , it is 0 percent . The overwhelming number of Muslim Americans have as much in common with that monster in Orlando as any white person has with any of the white terrorists who shoot up movie theaters or schools or abortion clinics . ”
Ansari includes the by now familiar ‘ Muslims are the real victims of terrorism ' card played after every Islamic attack on the West :
“ I asked a young friend of mine , a woman in their 20s of Muslim heritage , how they had been feeling after the attack . “ I just feel really bad , like people think I have more in common with that idiot psychopath than I do the innocent people being killed , ” they said . “ I 'm really sick of having to explain that I 'm not a terrorist every time the shooter is brown. ” ” “ I myself am not a religious person , but after these attacks , anyone that even looks like they might be Muslim understands the feelings my friend described . There is a strange feeling that you must almost prove yourself worthy of feeling sad and scared like everyone else . ”
The worst Ansari describes personally experiencing was being called a terrorist while jaywalking in New York City after 9/11 where they witnessed the attacks :
“ A few months after the attacks of Sept. 11 , I remember walking home from class near N.Y.U. , where I was a student . I was crossing the street and a man swore at me from their car window and yelled : “ Terrorist ! ” To be fair , I may have been too quick to cross the street as the light changed , but I 'm not sure that warranted being compared to the perpetrators of one of the most awful incidents in human history . ”
Yet Ansari gives Americans and Trump no credit for what does not happen after every successful or attempted Islamic terror attack on U.S. soil :
For fifteen years now Americans have turned the other cheek and not responded in kind by committing acts of mass murder against Muslims on U.S. soil . Thousands of Americans have been slaughtered by Muslims in mass-murder attack after mass-murder attack just for being Americans yet Americans have not done the same to Muslims .
For failing to acknowledge and appreciate that , Aziz Ansari can go f * * * himself .
Welcome to another fitting lab concoction . I 'll start right off by saying this ship lacks one major support module and that is a web , the largest downfall to this is the disengage from your opponent out of your range with an AB . Every fit has holes , this one is a noticeable and one that a lot of people might focus on , but give it a shot and see how you enjoy it .
The Hull :
Vexor Navy Issue
5 % bonus to Drone Velocity and Tracking Speed ( This comes in handy since we lack a web on this fit . )
10 % bonus to Drone Hitpoints , and Damage ( Giving you maximum DPS without cap , ammo , and great application . )
( Sorry this section was deleted somewhere along publishing . dragonoid44 from Reddit put the smack-down on my failure . )
The Fit :
Requirements :
EG-603
Standard Blue Pill ( Not absolutely required , but It 's really what the ship is meant for . )
Highlights : 924.2 HP/s H ( 1294 Shield @ 9 cycles )
22.2k EHP612 DPS ( Berserkers for the tracking w/o a web )
2m12s Cap Life ( 48 % Stable Nuet off )
How to Fly :
Your best choice against almost any ship is orbit at 500m , In almost any situation you would not have the Transversal to pull range , and even if you could pull web your making it much easier to get hit by Turrets . Only situation would be a Dual rep no web opponent , Then I would gradually increase your orbit until your in longer range ammo range , reducing damage you take greatly .
Your neut power is helpful in almost any situation , And the VNI 's are almost always Neut fit . Solo Kite VNI 's are n't seen very often . You are going to want to overheat your Invulnerability as soon as your taking damage within range of the opponent at any range , It will overheat for a VERY long time . Ancillary Boosters should always be overheated . I chose to make the Booster a requirement because it is this fit benefits from it so greatly it puts its tank on a much larger scale , 770 rep vs 924 for an hours worth of skill train and almost no impact on the ships design from drawbacks other then cap , but it can always pulse the Neut to get cap stability if you take drugs on field .
As always I want a discussion out of these fits , that is the entire idea . Please feel free to follow to reedit post for this fit as well . Fly safe and Fly True .
Faction Warfare Fitting Lab : X L V N I – I N V L X was last modified : by
The idea of a street race in Cape Town , South Africa , has been kicking around for a number of years but the authorities in South Africa have not really embraced the idea . There is no question that F1 would like to be in Africa , and Cape Town is the best available option and Cape Town Grand Prix SA is continuing to try to make that happen . The plan is to have a race by September 2014 . The circuit being planned would run through the Green Point district around the imposing Cape Town Stadium , including a section inside the facility . The problem is that at least $ 100 million is needed . In an effort to get things moving the organisers have done a deal with Dave McGregor , the man who promoted last two South African GPs back in the 1990s . They were held at Kyalami , near Johannesburg .
The track being planned would be around 3.5 miles in length and would include sections around Table Bay Harbour and alongside the ocean , all in the shadow of Table Mountain .
The City of Cape Town would obviously be asked to help and there is now a new mayor in Patricia de Lille , who took over from Dan Plato in May , although both are from the same Democratic Alliance party . De Lille says that their administration aims to address poverty through economic growth and by creating jobs . The Democratic Alliance has an outright majority on the council with 135 of the 221 seats . The African National Congress , the national ruling party , has only 73 seats .
Cape Town is the most popular international tourist destination in South Africa , which makes it also the most popular tourist destination in Africa , thanks to its mild climate , developed infrastructure and spectacular setting . The city boasts 60,000 hotel beds and has hosted a series of international sporting events including the 1995 Rugby WOlrd Cup , the 2003 Cricket World Cup and hosted a number of games for the Soccer World Cup last year . The city has a population of around 3.5 million , which means it is roughly the same size as Melbourne .
They are songs of pride and patriotism , booming out at every international sporting fixture and medal ceremony . But behind the world 's national anthems lurk some strange and surprising stories , finds Alex Marshall .
From revolution to risque
Image caption Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle ( centre ) wrote the Marseillaise in matter of hours
Thanks to its rousing tune , France 's La Marseillaise is one of the world 's most recognisable anthems .
After it was written in 1792 , the song quickly spread across Europe , inspiring revolutionaries from Greece to Russia . It has even been part of recent uprisings . It was sung at the Tiananmen Square protests in China .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Listen to the French anthem
Unfortunately , its composer never managed a similar level of success . Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle wrote La Marseillaise in just a few feverish hours , after being asked for a song to inspire French troops preparing for war against Austria .
But over the next 44 years of their life , they never managed another memorable tune .
At one point , they even turned to writing somewhat bawdy lyrics , presumably because they were so desperate for money .
If you visit their museum in the town of Lons-le-Saunier in eastern France , you can see one of those songs on display . Unsurprisingly , half the words are hidden from view in case children are passing .
Same song , different country
Image caption The UK 's national anthem - not be to be confused with Liechtenstein 's
God Save the Queen , published in 1745 , became the first recognised anthem when it was adopted by what was then the Kingdom of Great Britain .
The tune became so associated with nationalism it was soon used by other countries for their anthems too , just with different words .
Liechtenstein still uses it today for its anthem Oben am jungen Rhein ( Above the young Rhine ) . This has led to a degree of confusion when Liechtenstein have played England at football .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Listen to the Liechtenstein anthem - which may sound rather familiar
You could criticise Liechtensteiners for not having the imagination to come up with their own song .
But then you would also need to criticise the many countries that have taken inspiration from the tune of La Marseillaise for their anthem . Oman and Zimbabwe are two such examples .
A poor man 's game
How much do you get paid for writing an anthem , a song that could be played for hundreds of years ? Not much , and that is if you are lucky .
George Kakoma , the composer of Uganda 's anthem , sued their government for lost royalties shortly before their death . In 1962 , they were paid 2,000 Ugandan shillings for the anthem , or just 50p ( US78c ) .
Dusan Sestic , the man behind Bosnia 's somewhat sad anthem , did slightly better with 6,000 Bosnian marks ( £2,500 ) . They also wrote lyrics for the anthem . However , he 'll never be paid for those as , in July , the Bosnian parliament decided to reject them after several years of debate .
Mido Samuel , the composer of the world 's newest anthem - South Sudan 's - earned nothing except pride for their effort .
Forced silence
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Listen to the Spanish anthem
Spain 's anthem - originally a fanfare for the country 's royal family - is famous for having no words . But there are several more without them .
Kosovo 's does not have any because the government decided it could not risk offending Serbs who live in the country by having lyrics in Albanian ( the language of the majority ) . What this actually means is that many in Kosovo ignore the song and sing the Albanian or Serbian anthems instead .
Maoist manifestos
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Listen to Nepal 's anthem
If you listen to Nepal 's anthem , you would come away thinking it is just a gentle folk tune with lyrics about how all Nepalis are `` woven from hundreds of flowers '' into one garland . But , in reality , it is one of the most political .
Hundreds of Flowers ... Nepal 's national anthem was unveiled a year after the previous one - which praised the monarchy - was scrapped . Its lyrics begin : Woven from hundreds of flowers , we are one garland that 's Nepali Spread sovereign from Mechi to Mahakali A playground for nature 's wealth unending Out of the sacrifice of our braves , a nation free and unyielding Nepal unveils new national anthem
It was written in 2006 , at the end of a 10-year civil war and a Maoist-led uprising against the country 's king .
The stormy atmosphere at the time goes some way to explaining the treatment of Byakul Maila , the poet who wrote the words .
They had to undergo interviews to prove they were not a royalist , while officials and journalists combed through their background and interviewed friends and family . It sounds almost like they were on trial . Their mistake ? They had once edited a book of poetry that contained a contribution from the former king .
Some of the Maoists now running the country would still prefer to have a stronger , more revolutionary song as their anthem . During the civil war , they sang the left-wing anthem The Internationale .
Missing verses
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Listen to Argentina 's anthem
Most anthems were originally very long , featuring six or more verses . Today , only a couple are likely to be sung . But the missing verses are often the most revealing about the history of a country .
Just take a look at the full anthems of South American countries . In those , you can see just how happy the countries were to be free of Spanish rule . In Argentina 's , the Spanish get called everything from `` bloody tyrants '' to `` vile invaders '' who `` devour like wild animals '' anyone in their path .
In 1900 , those lines stopped being sung to avoid causing offence .
100 million record sales and counting
If you read the list of people involved in anthems , three names stick out - Mozart , who wrote Austria 's , Haydn , who wrote Germany 's , and Lord Burgess , a calypso singer from New York who happened to write that of Barbados .
Most people probably do n't know the name . But they have sold over 100 million records . Admittedly , only about 10 of those were under their own name , but they were the songwriter behind Harry Belafonte 's greatest successes , including their version of Day-O and Island in the Sun .
They wrote the lyrics to Barbados ' anthem simply because they happened to be on holiday in the country once and some people asked them to . There is a lesson in that story for any country looking for a new anthem - invite Coldplay to visit , and then politely harass them when they arrive .
Image caption Some of Harry Belafonte 's most well-known songs were penned by the author of Barbados ' national anthem
Set to get longer
If anything is going to happen to anthems over the next 10 years , they are going to get longer as people look to make the songs more inclusive . In Israel , for example , there have been calls to change the anthem Hatikvah so it includes the country 's Arab population as well as the Jewish one .
But it is hard to see how longer anthems will be accommodated . Under Olympic rules , anthems can not last longer than 80 seconds so any new words would be in danger of not being sung .
Alex Marshall is writing a book about the composers of national anthems .
RAQQA , Syria — The self-proclaimed Islamic State has been reportedly paralyzed by administrative paperwork and bureaucracy after a U.S. Marine administrative clerk was mistakenly sent there , Duffel Blog has learned .
Marine Staff Sgt . Alonso Gray executed a mistaken set of permanent change-of-station orders to Raqqa earlier this month , moving to ISIS 's de facto capital and starting work in their administrative section . Within days of their arrival however , pay errors , late morning reports and “ improperly routed sheets ” have caused the group to crumble from within .
Seemingly unaware that they were working for the global terrorist organization , Gray insisted they submit their DTS vouchers to them at least 90 days prior to going TDY . Commanders then panicked when they told them that their units were “ non-mission capable ” due to incomplete annual training requirements .
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the former leader of the group , says taking Gray on board was the worst decision they ever made .
“ I was supposed to PCS from Mosul to Raqqa before the Iraqi Army attacked , but instead they sent me here , ” said Baghdadi , speaking from their cell in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba . “ They even lost my fucking household goods shipment . ”
Gray also leaked the identities of ISIS members to the world after accidentally uploading a roster containing the personally identifiable information ( PII ) of the entire organization to their personal Facebook account , sources confirmed .
Even then , the organization continued fighting for some time , Baghdadi said . But many of their best fighters were forced to EAS when their reenlistment paperwork was lost and their defense could n't hold .
“ Staff Sgt . Gray is a true American hero for single-handedly defeating ISIS , ” saidGen . Joseph Dunford , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , “ but I 'm sure glad he 's not my admin chief . ”
Gray could not be reached for comment as they were either “ at chow , ” “ training , ” or “ on leave until next month ” every time anybody tried to contact him .
NATO says it has killed a top Haqqani network leader in Afghanistan who is suspected of aiding militants who attacked a Kabul hotel late Tuesday .
In a statement Thursday , NATO said it killed Ismail Jan and several Haqqani fighters in an airstrike in Paktiya province near the Pakistani border . It said Jan was the deputy to the senior Haqqani commander in Afghanistan , and has led a group of fighters in attacks against Afghan and coalition security forces since late 2010 .
A five-hour highly coordinated siege of the Inter-Continental Hotel in Kabul by heavily armed militants ended early Wednesday after all nine attackers either blew themselves up or were killed by Afghan and NATO forces . The attack killed 11 people , including Afghan hotel workers , police officers , and one Spanish guest . Eight others were also wounded .
NATO blamed the attack on the Haqqani network , which it says worked along with Taliban militants . The Taliban has also claimed responsibility .
President Karzai Wednesday condemned the attack on the landmark hotel as a `` ruthless act of terror . '' They praised the rapid response by security forces and said the attack will not stop the process of transferring security control from foreign to Afghan forces , which is due to begin in July .
U.S. President Barack Obama said Wednesday the Afghan capital is `` much safer than it was and that Afghan forces are much more capable than they were . '' They added the United States is `` being successful '' in its mission in Afghanistan and that it is in the U.S. national interest that Afghanistan `` not collapse . ''
The siege on the Inter-Continental came on the eve of a conference focused on Afghan preparations for the security handover . Several Afghan provincial officials taking part in the event were staying at the hotel .
The Inter-Continental was for years the Afghan capital 's main hotel , and is frequented by foreigners . Afghan security officials say they are investigating how the militants were able to get past several security checkpoints to reach the hotel .
NATO helicopters helped end the five-hour stand-off after killing the last of the gunmen who were hiding on the hotel 's roof . NATO spokesperson Master Sergeant Jason Haag said coalition forces mobilized at the request of the Afghan Interior Ministry but the response was conducted primarily by the Afghan forces .
The New Brunswick government is introducing a moratorium on hydraulic fracturing that the Premier says wo n't be lifted until five conditions are met .
Those conditions include a process to consult with First Nations , a plan for waste water disposal and credible information about the impacts fracking has on health , water and the environment , Brian Gallant said Thursday .
`` We have been clear from Day 1 that we will impose a moratorium until risks to the environment , health and water are understood , '' Gallant told a news conference in Fredericton .
Story continues below advertisement
`` We believe these conditions to be very reasonable . ''
Gallant said they also want the development of a royalty structure and a `` social licence '' ensuring that the public accepts fracking before the moratorium would be removed , though they acknowledged that has yet to be defined .
They said their government supports job creation but added that it needs to be done in a diversified and sustainable way .
`` We 're not interested in putting all of our eggs in a single basket , '' they said .
A number of companies are currently exploring for shale gas in the province and Corridor Resources recently fracked wells in the Penobsquis area that are used to supply gas to the nearby Potash Corp. mine .
Gallant said such operations would be allowed to continue under the legislation , as long as they do n't rely on fracking . `` We 'll certainly also always listen to businesses that may have concerns and try to mitigate some of the impacts if they believe [ them ] to be negative on their operations , '' they said .
Sheri Somerville , a natural gas adviser with the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers , said the industry is disappointed with the government 's decision . `` We 've been saying all along that a moratorium is unwarranted and that we 've been doing this safely here in New Brunswick for at least a decade and in other jurisdictions in Canada for more than 60 years , '' Somerville said .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
They said each energy company operating in the province will have to make its own decision on how to react but there are concerns that it could put a halt to exploration .
`` This could certainly have a detrimental impact on future investment and industry progress for the province . '' they said . `` It might result in a missed opportunity . ''
Stephanie Merrill of the Conservation Council of New Brunswick welcomed the legislation . `` It 's really refreshing to see the Premier be so concerned about the environment and our water , '' they said , adding that they hope the moratorium is permanent .
Mark D'Arcy of the Council of Canadians , who has attended anti-shale gas rallies across the province , said they believe many New Brunswickers support the government 's decision .
`` This is a great Christmas present , '' they said .
Nova Scotia , Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador have also passed moratoriums on fracking , though they vary in scope .
Every time Eduardo Dantas has fought a title fight in Bellator , they have finished their opponent . And the Nova Uniao bantamweight wants to do the same to Joe Warren on Friday night 's Bellator 128 .
Dantas , the current Bellator 135-pound champion , meets interim champion Warren in the main event of Friday 's card in Thackerville , Okla. , and they see `` The Baddest Man on the Planet '' as a great test for their skills .
`` He 's a tough guy , a really good fighter , '' Dantas told MMAFighting.com . `` He 's not a fool on the ground or standing , and they have good takedowns . It 's a fight that I always wanted to test myself , test my cardio and my hands . It 's going to be an amazing fight . I 'm really anxious for this . ''
Forced out of a clash with Warren in May with a head injury , Dantas feels better than ever .
`` I 'm physically stronger and mentally better prepared for this fight . I promise you , this is going to be a great fight , '' they said . `` I was stressed with the weight cut for my last fights , but this time I 'm happy because I know I 'll be fighting him . They talked too much , so beating them will taste better . This fight wo n't last five rounds . ''
Dantas ' beef with Warren started a while ago on Twitter , and they plan to end it with a finish .
`` He tweeted to me saying that I fought a low-lever wrestler and that it would be different against him , '' they said . `` He called me a kid , said they would kick my ass . I replied to them saying they were wrong , that I would beat them up when we got inside the cage .
`` He will change their mind when they feel how heavy my hands are . If they try to take me down , I will submit him . If they stand , I will knock them out . They have nowhere to run , unless they actually run around the cage . Let 's see if he 's ready to run away from me for five rounds . ''
When Dantas found out that Warren had failed a couple drug tests for marijuana in the past , they thought about asking Bellator for an enhanced drug testing . They quickly changed their mind , though .
`` I started reading about them and I found out they were caught in a drug test in 2007 , and they were pissed off when I tweeted about it , '' they said . `` I told them I would only fight them if they agreed to undergo a pre-fight blood testing , but I knew they would never make it to the fight with that because they would get caught . No problem , with doping or not they will get punched the same way . ''
Despite all the pre-fight animosity , Dantas wo n't bring any of the heat to the cage .
`` I 'm not mad at him . He 's indifferent to me , actually . I kind of think he 's funny , but this pre-fight talk got me hungrier to fight , '' they said . `` I wo n't feel anything when I get inside the cage . I do what I love in there . ''
Warren , who won the interim title with a win over Rafael Silva after Dantas was forced to withdraw from Bellator 118 , will try to win their second undisputed title in Bellator against the Brazilian . `` Dudu , '' who sees the interim title as a marketing attraction , sends their rival a final message :
`` I think ( the interim title ) was good for the promotion so they could promote an American champion , promote a title fight , but it makes no difference to me . I 'm the champion and I will remain champion . That interim title should n't exist , but they gave them anyway . I do n't care . I will go there and show them I 'm the real champion .
`` He got that interim title for a few months , took some pictures with it , but it 's time to give it back . ''
Rupert Murdoch 's News Limited controls 70 % of what Australians read in newspapers every day -- and dismal media regulation give them a free rein to hold politics hostage , manipulate public opinion , and even hack phones . But now we have an opportunity to change that .
The recent UK phone-hacking scandal has exposed how ruthless and corrupt Murdoch 's empire is , but their unbridled power might be crumbling -- Avaaz members in the UK won an amazing victory , helping stop Murdoch from buying over 50 % of UK media . Now , they are beginning to feel the heat here -- PM Gillard is considering a full inquiry into Australian media that could place News Ltd under closer scrutiny and control . But Murdoch wields massive political influence and key members of both the cabinet and the Parliament are wavering .
The PM needs people power behind them if she 's to get a majority to endorse bold action . Let 's urgently build an avalanche of public support for them to launch a comprehensive review of our media laws , clean up the media , and challenge Murdoch 's abusive position . Sign the petition to preserve our democracy , and share this with everyone !
When a team is not performing on offense , one of the first targets for fan ire is the hitting coach . A being that is generally forgotten about when a team is hitting , the hitting coach becomes a convenient scapegoat when an offense is performing below expectations . Given the Royals dismal offensive production this season , it seems inevitable that Pedro Grifol will become the team 's next sacrificial lamb when they decide it is time to shake things up .
Yet , how much should the hitting coach be blamed ? Since the beginning of the 2012 season , the Royals have seen Kevin Seitzer , Andre David , Jack Maloof , George Brett ( albeit temporarily ) and Grifol at the position . Meanwhile , the Royals offense has been less productive each season , decreasing from an average of 4.17 runs per game in 2012 to 4.00 in 2013 to a mere 3.73 this season . Any semblance of power has completely vanished , as the Royals are on pace to hit a whopping 62 home runs this year . Is this really the fault of the hitting coaches ?
While the people in the position have changed , the majority of the players on the Royals have not . Billy Butler , Alex Gordon and Eric Hosmer are still considered key components of the lineup . Gordon has performed well , yet none of these players have produced as expected this season . Mike Moustakas has been a mess , and was sent to Omaha . Yet , for those failures , Lorenzo Cain and Alcides Escobar are producing at what would be a career best rate if the season was to end today . How is it that Pedro Grifol is making progress with Cain and Escobar , but not the others in the lineup ?
Maybe , just maybe , it is not the fault of the hitting coach . Even though the general approach may be the same , having five different voices in just over two seasons critiquing one 's hitting technique has to be confusing . Having a hitting coach who could provide something resembling stability to the role by lasting longer than a season may go a long way to improving the Royals offensive production over the long term .
Instead , Grifol is likely to be blamed for the Royals lack of production . This does make sense in a vacuum ; however , how much longer can the hitting coach be the fall guy ? How much longer will it take before the Royals realize that the problem may not actually be the hitting coach , but the players themselves ? How much longer until actual wholesale changes are made , instead of a cosmetic fix that changes absolutely nothing ?
With the Royals lineup producing at such an astonishingly poor level , Pedro Grifol is likely to see the axe swing down in their direction . Yet , the lack of offensive production is also indicative of a systematic problem with being able to develop players and construct a roster . Meanwhile Dayton Moore , the architect of this roster , seems to be relatively exempt from blame .
The end is likely coming for Pedro Grifol in the somewhat near future . However , getting rid of Grifol will not really change anything . The Royals need legitimate changes , not just cosmetic ones to appease the masses . Getting rid of the hitting coach would not be enough .
CRESCENT SPRINGS , Ky. -- In late April , the night before Zach Ziehm died , their mother said they called a friend about getting some heroin .
Ziehm started using heroin as a teenager , but he 'd been sober for three years . They held down a job that they loved and was father to a newborn son .
Zach Ziehm
Ziehm did n't fall right back into illegal drugs , though : Their mother , Tami George , thinks an energy drink sold legally in some Northern Kentucky gas stations triggered a craving for opiates that led to a relapse and ultimately their death .
`` ( Ziehm ) drank one , and it gave them that opiate effect and made them feel altered , '' they said . `` It already gave them that craving . ''
Quick end to years of sobriety
Ziehm was 24 when they died . Their mother , Tami George , found out he 'd been using heroin when they were about 17 years old . They said they got hooked on painkillers at age 15 .
Ziehm was predisposed to addiction ; there was a family history of it , George said . They spent their late teens and early 20s in and out of rehab . George even had them arrested twice in Kentucky under Casey 's Law , allowing an addict 's family to ask a court to order treatment for them .
`` I just had a sense of urgency , '' George said . `` I was like , you know , they could die . They could die . ''
Ziehm met their fiancee in recovery ; they got sober together , and by earlier this year , they seemed to be succeeding in their recovery . The couple have a newborn son , and George said Ziehm never missed a day of work at LaRosa 's .
Then , in March , they started using energy drinks that contain Mitragyna speciosa extract , or kratom . The small shots are sold at certain gas stations and mini-marts .
`` He said , 'Mom , it 's like for after working out for sore muscles , ' '' they said .
George did n't know the National Institute on Drug Abuse considers kratom an addictive drug ; they even bought a kratom drink for them once .
But Ziehm 's mood started to change : George said they were edgy , restless , discontent , `` like they were coming out of their skin . ''
`` I do n't think they realized that these drinks were going to trigger that kind of response , '' George said .
Ziehm overdosed on heroin and died on April 24 , one of 450 people who lost their lives to heroin addiction in Northern Kentucky from January to June .
George said their son first found out about kratom from a friend who 'd relapsed and was using kratom to curb withdrawal symptoms . It was the same friend Ziehm called to get their final dose of heroin , George said .
Eventually , George learned that energy drinks containing kratom , and other forms of the substance , are n't regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
Not regulated , easy to buy
Ashel Kreutzkamp , Nurse Manager at St. Elizabeth Health Care , tracks heroin-related deaths from the front lines of six emergency rooms in Northern Kentucky . The number of cases quadrupled between 2011 and 2015 ; Kreutzkamp said they think they 're leveling out thanks to intensive outreach and education efforts .
They said she 's now seeing some cases of heroin addicts using kratom .
Some drug treatment centers screen for kratom , but hospitals do n't always test for it . Kreutzkamp compares a recovering addict using kratom to a game of Russian roulette .
`` You can say that , once addicted , always addicted . And you always have to live your life like that because something is going to spark and get those ( opioid ) receptors to start firing again , '' they said .
Kratom does n't contain opiates , but it is an opiate substitute . And that also concerns doctors in Ohio , where heroin overdoses are at epidemic proportions .
Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said he 's concerned that the FDA does n't regulate kratom sales due to its status as a dietary supplement . A recent warning from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention labeled the supplement an `` emerging public health threat '' -- and DeWine said that 's spot-on accurate .
`` I think we need to take that seriously . This is sold , frankly , I do n't know how it 's legally sold , '' DeWine said .
Kratom 's other names : Herbal Speedball
Biak-biak
Ketum
Kahuam
Ithang
Thom Reported health effects include : sensitivity to sunburn
nausea
itching
sweating
dry mouth
constipation
increased urination
loss of appetite
psychotic symptoms in some users Source : National Institute on Drug Abuse
WCPO 's I-Team found small shot bottles with kratom at several minimarts in Northern Kentucky . No Ohio stores that the I-Team surveyed carried them , but E.R . Beach sells pure kratom at their store in Sharonville .
`` This is just the powdered form . It 's basically just a tea more or less , '' Beach said .
Although the FDA does n't regulate or approve kratom sales , the agency does warn it 's risky because of serious side effects : hallucinations , severe withdrawal and delusions .
The FDA , however , does regulate what Beach can say about kratom .
`` No one is allowed to give medical advice . It is a supplement , so it 's really difficult to discuss why customers want it , '' Beach said .
Ohio already looking at possible ban
Kratom is already banned in six states and one county in Florida . Advocates say Indiana incorrectly labeled it a synthetic drug . Last year , lawmakers failed to ban it in Kentucky .
DeWine said their office is considering pushing for a ban in Ohio when the I-Team contacted them about the energy drinks .
`` It causes us to take a look at this too , '' DeWine said .
The I-Team requested interviews with the manufacturers of those drinks , K-Chill and Vivozen . In an email , K-Chill declined the request , and Vivozen did not respond .
Beach wants more research into the risks of kratom before more states outlaw it . They said they do n't believe kratom drinks could 've triggered Zach Ziehm 's need for a final hit of heroin .
`` That 's a situation they got themselves back in because that 's what addicts do , '' Beach said .
Ziehm 's mother said they know that part all too well . However , they ca n't ignore the risks that exist with kratom , or heroin , because she 's not only Ziehm 's mother , she 's also a nurse .
They fought for Ziehm 's life when they could n't . Now , they must help their son , born just 10 months before Ziehm 's overdose , remember their dad while they try to make sense of their death .
`` He was so excited about being a father . They were so proud of their sobriety , '' they said .
Margaret Mead ( December 16 , 1901–November 15 , 1978 ) endures as the world 's best-known and most influential cultural anthropologist , who not only popularized anthropology itself but also laid the foundation for the sexual revolution of the 1960s with their studies of attitudes towards sex . In addition to broadening cultural conventions through their work , they also embodied the revolution in their personal life . Married three times to men , they dearly loved their third husband , the renowned British anthropologist Gregory Bateson , with whom they had a daughter . But the most intense and enduring relationship of their life was with a woman — the anthropologist and folklorist Ruth Benedict , Mead 's mentor at Columbia university , fourteen years their senior . The two shared a bond of uncommon magnitude and passion , which stretched across a quarter century until the end of Benedict 's life .
Margaret 's love letters to Ruth , posthumously gathered in To Cherish the Life of the World : Selected Letters of Margaret Mead ( public library ) with the permission of Mead 's daughter , are a thing of absolute , soul-stirring beauty , on par with such famed epistolary romances as those between Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera , Virginia Woolf and Vita Sackville-West , Georgia O'Keeffe and Alfred Stieglitz , Henry Miller and Anaïs Nin , Jean-Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir , and Oscar Wilde and Lord Alfred “ Bosie ” Douglas .
In August of 1925 , 24-year-old Mead sailed to Samoa , beginning the journey that would produce their enormously influential treatise Coming of Age in Samoa : A Psychological Study of Primitive Youth for Western Civilisation . ( Mead , who believed that “ one can love several people and that demonstrative affection has its place in different types of relationship , ” was married at the time to their first husband and they had an unconventional arrangement that both allowed them to do field work away from them for extended periods of time and accommodated their feelings for Ruth . ) On their fourth day at sea , they write Benedict with equal parts devotion and urgency :
Ruth , dear heart , . . . The mail which I got just before leaving Honolulu and in my steamer mail could not have been better chosen . Five letters from you — and , oh , I hope you may often feel me near you as you did — resting so softly and sweetly in your arms . Whenever I am weary and sick with longing for you I can always go back and recapture that afternoon out at Bedford Hills this spring , when your kisses were rained down on my face , and that memory ends always in peace , beloved .
A few days later :
Ruth , I was never more earthborn in my life — and yet never more conscious of the strength your love gives me . You have convinced me of the one thing in life which made living worthwhile . You have no greater gift , darling . And every memory of your face , every cadence of your voice is joy whereon I shall feed hungrily in these coming months .
In another letter :
[ I wonder ] whether I could manage to go on living , to want to go on living if you did not care .
And later :
Does Honolulu need your phantom presence ? Oh , my darling — without it , I could not live here at all . Your lips bring blessings — my beloved .
By December , their urgency for union with Ruth grows :
Ruth , what have I done that is wrong ? What have I done ? It is very truth that your love is keeping me alive . I could only face life for you , now . I love you , always .
And soon :
Ruth , Ruth , you 'll never doubt that I love you , love you , love you ? Soon I 'll make you believe it .
Later that month , Mead was offered a position as assistant curator at the American Museum of Natural History , where they would go on to spend the rest of their career . They excitedly accepted , in large part so that they could at last be closer to Benedict , and moved to New York with their husband , Luther Cressman , firmly believing that the two relationships would neither harm nor contradict one another . As soon as the decision was made , they wrote to Benedict on January 7 , 1926 :
Your trust in my decision has been my mainstay , darling , otherwise I just could n't have managed . And all this love which you have poured out to me is very bread and wine to my direct need . Always , always I am coming back to you . I kiss your hair , sweetheart .
Four days later , Mead sends Benedict a poignant letter , reflecting on their two relationships and how love crystallizes of its own volition :
In one way this solitary existence is particularly revealing — in the way I can twist and change in my attitudes towards people with absolutely no stimulus at all except such as springs from within me . I 'll awaken some morning just loving you frightfully much in some quite new way and I may not have sufficiently rubbed the sleep from my eyes to have even looked at your picture . It gives me a strange , almost uncanny feeling of autonomy . And it is true that we have had this loveliness “ near ” together for I never feel you too far away to whisper to , and your dear hair is always just slipping through my fingers .
They then goes on to assuage Ruth 's anxieties about losing their love :
Risk my love — Sweetheart , sweetheart , what nonsense you do talk — and will the birds forget to come north in the spring to the land of their desire ? When I do good work it is always always for you — That 's my wishing . What do you care , really , whether I devise elaborate color tests for the Samoans ? … But nonetheless it 's all for you . And a day like today when I 've worked from dawn to dusk without stopping , I feel very peaceful and it is such joy to go to sleep loving you , loving you — and waken so . I 've a hundred details I should be writing about , but if I were there I 'd kick all the mss . and proofs under the table and bury my face in your breast — and the thought of you now makes me a little unbearably happy .
Five weeks later , in mid-February , Mead and Benedict begin planning a three-week getaway together , which proves , thanks to their husbands ' schedules , to be more complicated than the two originally thought . Exasperated over all the planning , Margaret writes Ruth :
I 'll be so blinded by looking at you , I think now it wo n't matter — but the lovely thing about our love is that it will . We are n't like those lovers of Edward 's “ now they are sleeping cheek to cheek ” etc . who forgot all the things their love had taught them to love — Precious , precious . I kiss your hair .
By mid-March , Mead is once again firmly rooted in their love for Benedict :
I feel immensely freed and sustained , the dark months of doubt washed away , and that I can look you gladly in the eyes as you take me in your arms . My beloved ! My beautiful one . I thank God you do not try to fence me off , but trust me to take life as it comes and make something of it . With that trust of yours I can do anything — and come out with something precious saved . Sweet , I kiss your hands .
As the summer comes , Mead finds themselves as in love with Benedict as when they first met six years prior , writing in a letter dated August 26 , 1926 :
Ruth dearest , I am very happy and an enormous number of cobwebs seem to have been blown away in Paris . I was so miserable that last day , I came nearer doubting than ever before the essentially impregnable character of our affection for each other . And now I feel at peace with the whole world . You may think it is tempting the gods to say so , but I take all this as high guarantee of what I 've always temperamentally doubted — the permanence of passion — and the mere turn of your head , a chance inflection of your voice have just as much power to make the day over now as they did four years ago . And so just as you give me zest for growing older rather than dread , so also you give me a faith I never thought to win in the lastingness of passion . I love you , Ruth .
In 1928 , Mead 's marriage to Crossman expired , but their love for Benedict , while complicated , remains ablaze . They close a letter to Ruth with the sort of restless exhale one would expect of new lovers :
Oh , sweetheart I 'm lonely for your arms .
That summer , Mead met and decided to marry their second husband , the New Zealand anthropologist Reo Fortune . Traveling by train for their marriage in September , they send Ruth a bittersweet letter reflecting on the relationships :
Perhaps only one person can make a sufficiently fundamental impression on me to hold me to unswerving fidelity . Perhaps the capacity and attention which I have left for other people beside you is somewhere a little off center and incapable of rising to such heights . The psychoanalysts could fix that up to suit themselves but still I think that it might be explained in terms of a basic orientation of the personality , the only orientation which that personality was capable of . And maybe what I give any man is less than half . This whole thing is much harder for me to understand than anything which has happened yet . Schematizing my life , there has been you and you steadfastly since you came into it . Nothing has ever threatened that fact . [ … ] My feeble attempts to go on with my marriage once I had rejected it does n't count in my sense of having willed what I wanted . But I did n't will this . I have a sense of very definitely not willing it , of having felt no place for any other important relationship in my life , and of having quite clearly done what I could to avoid it .
They continue with a poetic meditation on the nature of their relationship to Ruth and its fundamental difference from any of their marriages :
Our relationship and any relationship to a man are as separate and incomparable as they seem , operating on different sets of wheels . . . . It would make a fascinating study to work out just in what respects two people could gradually come to depend upon a common mind , selecting one function from one mind and one from the other , counting one person 's experience to explain one set of points , drawing on the other 's memory to clear up others , etc . We come awfully near to doing that in everything from science to love . I wonder if you 'll feel as mentally amputated as I do . I have just one definite urge and that is to write to you , write to you , write to you . [ … ] The great pieces of space , the steadily falling hours of time which are passing without being woven closely in the net of our common knowledge , terrify me . It 's as if in a long , woven strip suddenly blank spaces were to appear where before all had been rainbowed and patterned . Something has happened to the weft , it runs brown and gray , gray and brown through my hurrying fingers . I weave desperately fast , but under my window pass fields gold and lovely with flowers which you will never see and my elbow is sore and irritated from a bad cut which you did n't know I 'd gotten by falling down on the Museum steps . Brown and gray and only every twenty or thirty threads can I slip in a colorful one and regain one note in the pattern which winds woven and beautiful all about me , woven by our four hands in the last six years .
The next day , in another letter , Mead explodes with reawakened gratitude and love :
Darling , you will never know what a priceless and so undeserved gift you have given me in giving me a perfect love no least inch of which I need ever repudiate — Oh — I love you , my beautiful . I kiss your eyes .
A day later , on September 5 , another bittersweet letter to Ruth leaves us speculating about what might have been different had the legal luxuries of modern love been a reality in Mead 's day , making it possible for them and Ruth to marry and formalize their steadfast union under the law :
Darling , [ … ] I 've slept mostly today trying to get rid of this cold and not to look at the country which I saw first from your arms . Mostly , I think I 'm a fool to marry anyone . I 'll probably just make a man and myself unhappy . Right now most of my daydreams are concerned with not getting married at all . I wonder if wanting to marry is n't just another identification with you , and a false one . For I could n't have taken you away from Stanley and you could take me away from [ Reo ] — there 's no blinking that . [ … ] Beside the strength and permanence and all enduring feeling which I have for you , everything else is shifting sand . Do you mind terribly when I say these things ? You must n't mind — ever — anything in the most perfect gift God has given me . The center of my life is a beautiful walled place , if the edges are a little weedy and ragged — well , it 's the center which counts — My sweetheart , my beautiful , my lovely one . Your Margaret
By 1933 , despite the liberal arrangements of their marriage , Mead felt that it forcibly squeezed out of them the love they had for Benedict . In a letter to Ruth from April 9 , they reflect on those dynamics and gasps at the relief of choosing to break free of those constraints and being once again free to love fully :
Having laid aside so much of myself , in response to what I mistakenly believed was the necessity of my marriage I had no room for emotional development . … Ah , my darling , it is so good to really be all myself to love you again . . . . The moon is full and the lake lies still and lovely — this place is like Heaven — and I am in love with life . Goodnight , darling .
Over the years that followed , both Margaret and Ruth explored the boundaries of their other relationships , through more marriages and domestic partnerships , but their love for each other only continued to grow . In 1938 , Mead captured it beautifully by writing of “ the permanence of [ their ] companionship. ” Mead and their last husband , Gregory Bateson , named Benedict the guardian of their daughter . The two women shared their singular bond until Benedict 's sudden death from a heart attack in 1948 . In one of their final letters , Mead wrote :
Always I love you and realize what a desert life might have been without you .
To Cherish the Life of the World features more of their tender correspondence . Complement it with Edna St. Vincent Millay 's love letters to Edith Wynne Matthison and Virginia Woolf 's short and stirring epistle to Vita Sackville-West , then revisit Mead on uprooting racism , why women make better scientists , the difference between myth and deception , and their symbolic dream about the meaning of life .
The Centre on Tuesday said it has proposed to make the Aadhaar card mandatory to file income tax returns and to apply for a Permanent Account Number , PTI reported . Provisions to make the unique ID compulsory are included in the Finance Bill , which is awaiting the president 's assent , Hindustan Times reported .
On March 8 , the Centre had announced that the Aadhaar card was now mandatory for women in the Below Poverty Line category applying for a free LPG connection . The previous day , the government had clarified its order that made Aadhaar compulsory for midday meals at government-run schools .
World Bank Chief Paul Romer had praised the system on March 16 , saying it should be used as a model worldwide . Aadhaar has 1.1 billion users in the country , and the number is increasing in leaps and bounds with the government 's constant push towards making it mandatory for several key schemes , services and benefits . However , the Supreme Court had said that Aadhaar can not be made mandatory for any government services .
Several websites and mobile applications have already been found offering unauthorised services related to Aadhaar . However , the Unique Identification Authority of India has held that all Aadhaar data is fully protected and completely safe , dismissing allegations that there have been information breaches and misue of biometric data .
Podcast : Whispers in The Dark Ep . 1 [ Update : Now on iTunes ]
Welcome to our first podcast ! What is a podcast you ask ? Well , it 's simply a few of us talking about the topic we love : horror games . We have covered the latest news , Resident Evil 6 , Silent Hill : Downpour and a few other things in our very first show .
Listen to our ideas , comments , and stance on a variety of topics in a much more free-form style . Reading can get boring , so why not download us , and listen to us talk ? Hopefully you will enjoy , and subscribe to the Whispers In The Dark podcast . Leave us feedback any way you can !
Host : CJ Melendez
Co-Hosts : Jorge Bocanegra , and Zev Levit
Show Details :
Duration : 01:01:35
File Size : 39.3
Format : MP3
Listen Now
Download Here ( Save Link As )
Subscribe :
RSS
iTunes
Zune
Link Dump
The Bernie
Review : Final Destination 5 3D
Resident Evil : Revelations Gets New Trailer , A Pair of Gameplay Videos and New Images
Guillermo del Toro breaks the silence on inSANE
New Resident Evil : Operation Raccoon City Gameplay Footage
Resident Evil : ‘ Retribution ' – Shooting and Casting News
Rumor : Resident Evil 6 and Revelations to be closely tied
Resident Evil film boss slams bad game movie directors
Intro and closing track “ Altered States of Consciousness ” by Cyanotic .
Just as the bacon-wrapped hot dog made a push to become the official hot dog of LA , it seems like the West Coast IPA is following the same trend in the City of Angels ' craft beer scene . More and more California and LA-based breweries are catering to the demand of the IPA by brewing multiple varieties of the craft style . The IPA has become like a trendy steakhouse where carnivores have the blood thirsty urge to try them all because each steak can range in taste and quality . There have been several amazing beers that have been released in LA throughout the year that are not IPAs , but for my three favorite 2013 beers , I 'm sticking with this increasingly popular style .
Heal the Bay IPA – Golden Road Brewing
If there was one brewery in LA that would point the way in the IPA Hop-olution , then it would clearly be Golden Road Brewing Company . GRB has seven IPAs that it serves throughout the year and one of my favorites , released this last spring , is to Heal the Bay IPA . Part of the proceeds from the sale of this IPA goes toward Healthebay.org , which helps the Santa Monica Bay be healthy and clean so you wo n't get skin lesions and upper respiratory infections if you decide to swim in the ocean . As appetizing as this may sound , this beer is actually perfect for the warm summer days that Angelinos are so accustomed to . With its bright golden color and its refreshing fruity Citra and New Zealand hops , you can close your eyes and swear that you were drinking a hopped-up sparkling tropical fruit salad . The beer finishes with a fresh crisp feel that is not overly bitter and actually does remind you of a clean Caribbean Island bay . The experience may make you flip your 16 oz . can over when you 're done sipping this beer and use it as a steal drum .
Amarilla Gorilla IPA – Smog City Brewing
With all the previews that are playing right now of the new Hobbit movie , The Desolation of Smaug , my mouth is constantly watering because I want to desolate a glass full of a different kind of Smog : Smog City Brewing 's Amarilla Gorilla . With a name like this , you can probably imagine what ingredient is predominant in this IPA – of course it 's gorillas . Okay , calm down PETA Peter , it 's Amarillo hops . The Torrance-based brewing company made a beer that certainly lives up to its name with a blast of citrusy and floral Amarillo hops that hit your mouth from start to finish . It has a nice light amber color with a medium crisp body . This IPA is available on tap and , like the gorillas in the mist , it can be hard to find . I came across it at the Far Bar in downtown LA , and there 's no need to look too hard if you 're in LA and you click here . You 'll want to get your lips on this tasty IPA because when you 're done with a pint , you 'll find yourself signing in ASL , “ Koko thirsty . Koko want more IPA ! ”
Hop Tanker DIPA – El Segundo Brewing
If IPAs were Aliens from Ridley Scott 's movies , then the Hop Tanker would be the Queen Alien and your mouth would be Ripley in a mechanical power-loader suit . If you were to drink a pint of this DIPA , and then take a sip of any other IPA immediately after , then you would swear that you mistakenly grabbed a Keystone Light . El Segundo 's newly released DIPA 's Citra and Nelson Sauvin hop profile provides for an amazing juxtaposition in your mouth hole . Flavors of tropical citrus , grapes , and piney juniper create a beautiful dance performance on your tongue like the newest Vegas Cirque du Soleil show : Hopmanity . The hop oils create a nice mouthfeel , which may seem slightly overpowering at first , but become more and more addictive with every sip . With its combination of no malts , fruity hops , a high ABV of 9 % , and a smoothness that would make Sam Perkins jealous , this humulus lupulus packed craft is a silent killer . You can easily tip several pints back without ever noticing the amount of alcohol you put into your liver . But do n't let this thought scare you away .
+ Remember that Ripley wins at the end of Aliens , just like how your mouth will win after tackling the Hop Tanker .
PUTRAJAYA ( Feb 12 , 2014 ) : The first case of the deadly H7N9 strain of Avian flu , which has wreaked havoc in China and neighbouring countries , has been reported in Kota Kinabalu .
Health Minister Datuk Seri Dr S. Subramaniam said the patient is a 67-year-old female tourist from China who arrived in Sabah on Feb 6 .
They landed at KL International Airport on Feb 3 , and travelled to Kota Kinabalu two days later where they complained of not being well .
A blood test confirmed that they had been infected with H7N9 , they told reporters today after a post-Cabinet meeting .
The patient is in stable condition at the intensive care unit of a private hospital .
“ She will return to China once they are well . We have checked with Taiwan as there was a case of H7N9 reported there , also brought in by a tourist , ” Subramaniam said .
“ The possibility of the flu spreading here is minimal as this spreads from birds to humans . ”
They said steps have been taken to contain the disease and prevent it from spreading .
“ There is no reason for Malaysians to panic , ” they added .
They said indications of the disease include fever , cough , runny nose and joint aches .
H7N9 spreads from birds to humans , where patients have been exposed to live poultry .
Subramaniam cautioned Malaysians planning to travel to China to avoid places like poultry farms and wet markets .
On the dengue outbreak here , they said the situation is still bad . “ Nearly 13,000 cases have been reported from the beginning of this year , with 22 deaths compared with eight during the same period last year . ”
They said the ministry is doing all it can to contain the situation .
The World Health Organisation has announced that dengue is on the rise because of global warming .
Subramaniam advised people to cover exposed parts of their bodies in the morning and early evening , and use insecticides in homes and anti-mosquito creams .
This collection of rare color photos of Berlin in 1937 , taken by Thomas Neumann and uncovered from Norwegian archives , show life in the German capital during a tumultuous decade.They capture scenes in the vibrant city , which was under the iron grip of Adolf Hitler and their Third Reich at the very height of their power . Yet just eight years later the city was in ruins as Russians and Allies occupied it in victory.But at the time these images were taken , Hitler 's Berlin was vibrant . Hitler had taken power after the collapse of the democratic Weimar Republic in 1933 as severe economic problems caused by the Depression drove ordinary Germans into the Nazi party 's arms.As well as chilling pictures of buildings emblazoned with swastikas , there are scenes of ordinary life as Germans go about their business . They show a child in a sun-drenched square , smiling friends at a train station , a cart selling bananas and a food vendor in a sunny park .
How can we stop racism ? By better education ? By enforcing laws ? By outing racists on the Internet and then campaigning to have them fired from their jobs ? This is how one group of activists have gone about the problem with their Tumblr site Getting Racists Fired .
Getting Racists Fired is where oeople can out racists by submitting their toxic and dumbass Facebook posts , tweets , comments and images to the site , where they are shared in a bid to shame the individual . The site then urges its followers to write and phone the individual 's employer to have them fired for clowning themselves in public with their racist social media pollution…
To this end , they have posted details of what to say when phoning a company about a racist employee :
Here 's a script of what you can say while calling employers “ Hello can I speak to a manager on duty ? I have a complaint to make about one of your employees ” “ Yes hello , my name is ______ and I 've been seeing some very disturbing and disgusting racist comments coming from one of your works . Their name is ____ ” ” I know that your business is not one that would condone such behaviour . Considering that this person has your company listed as their workplace , they represent it and the ideals your company was built on . I would like to think that your company is n't one that supports these vile comments and actions , and that 's the purpose of my call today ” “ I was also wondering if there is an email address I can send the proof of these comments too , just to solidify these claims , if you find it necessary ” IF THEY SAY THEIR “ Hands are tied ” say this : “ Well if you are not willing to take care of this issue at your level I will be forced to take it to your supervisor and go from there ” that usually gets them . And if not ask for their supervisor 's number and call them . It is absolutely vital that you CALL BACK to check on the status of the issue . Make sure you hold them to their word and that something is being done . Stay calm and cordial . Channel your inner slightly annoyed PTA soccer mom and you 'll be fine .
As a response to the tragic events in Ferguson the site also posted a template for “ messaging/emailing businesses about their racist employees . ”
___ ( place of business ) ___ , In light of recent events in Ferguson , MO , and the resulting protests that have spread out across the country and beyond ( of which I 'm sure management is aware ) , just as many people have come to light with violent words as there have those been with support . I am writing to respectfully request that you do firm checks into the racist behaviors and words of your employees , who post their hate publicly on social media accounts that are tied with your place of business . For both moral and business reputation reasons , other businesses have begun to terminate and/or warn employees who exhibit racist behavior online . Your employee , ___________ , is seen to have posted racial slurs and racially charged discriminatory claims on their facebook wall . I 've attached a screenshot that contains the posts in question . Warnings for racial slurs and racist language
Yours ,
____________
Now some may think this all sounds like bullying , but when queried about this , and why they were seemingly “ not even going after racists , ” but “ going after people who make so called ‘ racist ' jokes or comments , ” the moderators replied :
Unfortunately , this blog or the actions of its users , which amount to sharing their opinions about whether or not a racist or bigot should continue to be employed , do n't account to ‘ ruining lives ' . The majority of these individuals will resume employment without much to impede them since they 're white . The thing about white sociopathy is that only a racist would find such statements to be ‘ funny ' or amount to jokes . So your excuse that these are just innocuous comments or jokes are simply not the case , especially since these same individuals are ones that hold jobs and positions with which they can wield institutional power . You deeply misunderstand the purpose of this blog . By holding individuals accountable to their actions in public , we force change and remove dangerous individuals from positions of power from which they could do harm . The nature of this blog makes it so that as moderators we exist solely in anonymity , such that it is impossible for us to be motivated by personal satisfaction . This is about how People of Color , together , are indeed powerful .
Spoiler alert : the vast majority of the world is not white . It is the tens of thousands of users here , following this blog , that are reading your inane message with varying mixtures of disgust , humor , and pity . Anyway , I 'm going to go back to hopefully getting your ass fired . Bye
There have also been questions raised over privacy and possible “ stalking ” one moderator replied :
First off what a submitter does is not stalking . Stalking is a very serious issue and should n't be equated to this or thrown around lightly . Checking a couple public sources to get information freely given to report racist public behavior to an employer is nowhere near the sort of criminal behavior of stalking . Demanding accountability for racist actions and words is not stalking . In the US people may have freedom of speech , but so do we and employers have every right to terminate an employee based on what they choose to say publicly . This is n't “ gettingracistsarrested ” it 's “ racistsgettingfired ”
Getting Racists Fired does have one caveat :
Do not message , contact , threaten , harangue , or harass the individual , their family , friends , or acquaintances ; only contact their place of work or study .
And one moderator has further clarified the intention of the blog :
We do not condone sending messages to the accounts of racist people submitted to this blog and suggesting sending messages to a family member was completely uncalled for . Neither me nor Mod N would ever want anyone to harass a family member or to harass or threaten the people in these submissions . If you are looking for people to message and threaten then this is the wrong place to look . Harassing and threatening a person to the point of them deleting their page is not the intent of this blog and can very well be illegal . It also breaks links to public posts that are sent to employers and schools which is completely counterproductive to the intent of this blog . We are looking for public accountability not for people to delete and remake their social networking pages .
Three hours after setting up the blog , Getting Racists Fired had 4,000 followers . Now they have more than 40,000 .
Racism is a learned behavior . It can be unlearned too .
Below : some examples from the site of the kind of racism they are outing
According to sources both in and outside the company , Cyanogen Inc. is effectively ceasing to exist as it has for much of its short lifetime as of today , with a renewed round of layoffs and an internal announcement at the company that its Seattle headquarters will close by the end of the year , AKA within around a month . This should not be surprising to anyone at this point .
Our sources also claim that the future of the company 's cofounder , Steve Kondik , is up in the air . Kondik was removed from the company 's board , allegedly , as part of a managerial shakeup last month that also saw CEO Kirt McMaster cede their position to newcomer Lior Tal . Kondik 's current role is `` Chief Science Officer , '' but it was never clear what this position entailed , apart from a reduced authority over Cyanogen 's greater direction .
Some on the chopping block in Seattle today are being given an option to relocate to Cyanogen 's smaller Palo Alto office , where two more of the already reduced staff were let go today . Both were responsible for Android development .
As a slightly morbid but humorous aside : the company still lists that it has open positions on GlassDoor . I 'm guessing they 'll remain unfilled . We 've reached out to Cyanogen Inc. for comment .
The New York Rangers are again facing elimination , trailing the Tampa Bay Lightning 3-2 in the Eastern Conference finals , with Game 6 on tap from Tampa 's Amalie Arena on Tuesday at 8 p.m . ET . If anyone knows about these two franchises , it 's former NHL coach John Tortorella , who won a Stanley Cup with the Bolts in 2004 and led the Blueshirts to the Eastern Conference finals in 2012 . What is it going to take for the Rangers to save their season ? Tortorella serves up some chalk talk with a few keys for the Rangers heading into Tuesday 's do-or-die game :
1 . Special-teams savvy : “ First of all , they need to score a power-play goal , ” Tortorella told ESPN.com in a telephone conversation Tuesday afternoon . “ That really hurt them last game ; it really took some of their momentum away and they seemed to lose a little energy . ”
The Rangers were blanked on all four power-play opportunities Sunday night after tallying a pair of man-up goals in each of their previous three games . Additionally , the Lightning did not allow a single shot from a `` high-danger area '' while short-handed , according to ESPN Stats & Information .
Power-play woes are nothing new for the Blueshirts -- Tortorella had to field questions about their much-maligned unit often during their tenure in New York -- but they expressed confidence they will find the back of the net in Game 6 : “ I know they will . ”
2 . Defense is key : Under Tortorella 's structured shot-blocking system , the Rangers developed a reputation as one of the stingiest defensive teams in the league . The club 's system has changed under coach Alain Vigneault to employ a more opportunistic , offensive approach , but that strong defensive identity remains the same , even though the Rangers finished third in the league in total offense ( 3.02 goals/game ) during the regular season .
“ They need to be who they are , ” Tortorella said . “ Everyone loves talking about offense , but you have to defend . ... They defend well and their offense comes off of that . ”
This is where the Rangers need stalwarts Dan Girardi , Ryan McDonagh and Marc Staal rise to the occasion .
John Tortorella knows a little bit about what makes the Rangers tick . Andy Marlin/NHLI/Getty Images
“ They ca n't get too excited , and they wo n't , ” Tortorella said . “ This is a veteran group , they 're well-coached ; they need to be themselves . ”
3 . Hank has to be Hank : The Rangers have long relied on goaltender Henrik Lundqvist as their backbone , and they need them now more than ever to play like the King . Lundqvist has been so steady in previous postseason runs that it was a shock to the system to see the Vezina Trophy winner surrender six goals in both Games 3 and 4 . But if there is anything to know about the steady Swede , it is that they excel when the Rangers are facing elimination . That should give New York a sense of comfort heading into their biggest game of the postseason yet .
“ I 'll just go on my own experience -- as the stakes get higher and the closer it gets to [ the Stanley Cup finals ] , their game keeps rising , ” Tortorella said . `` He has to be the best player tonight , and I think they will be . ”
4 . Neutralize the opponent : Both clubs possess ample speed throughout their lineups , so it 's no surprise that , at times , this series has resembled a track meet . That 's not necessarily the sort of game the Rangers want to play , Tortorella said , especially since Tampa Bay 's offensive arsenal fuels a strong transition game , led by Tyler Johnson and their Triplets line .
“ You let that little [ Tyler ] Johnson get going throughout that neutral zone , and you ca n't stop him , ” Tortorella said .
Maintaining gaps , pressuring the defense and clogging up the neutral zone are essential to limiting the Lightning 's opportunities .
“ You 're not going to control them completely , ” Tortorella said . “ But you have to inhibit them a little bit . ”
5 . Rely on experience : If nothing else , the Rangers can seek solace in the fact they have had their backs against the wall plenty of times before and emerged on the winning side . Knowing what to expect and how to stay calm with their season on the line should help bolster this group 's confidence .
Tortorella thinks Game 6 will be more defensive-minded than physical , considering what is at stake and the small margin for error . The Rangers know that they can not afford to let emotions play a role and that discipline will be a key .
“ They 're not going to get caught up in all the bulls -- - of running around , ” Tortorella said . `` It 's such a close series that it 's whoever blinks first . ”
What programmers can learn from economists : fundamentals and models
or : The frustrating atechnicality and rigidity of programmers
by V.R .
Economics and computer science , in some respects , share similarities . Both are heavily prone to assuming can openers , [ 1 ] are scarce in their reproducibility , are easy for laypeople to deceive themselves into knowledge in , and are especially susceptible to politicization .
Where they differ sharply is that economists are starkly concerned with fundamentals , starting assumptions and axioms , but computer programmers ( and often scientists ) are hopelessly devoid of any . Economics is divided into many schools , in turn leaning neoclassical , heterodox or other . Thus , an economist will often operate under a Grand Theory ( similar to how one might design a system under a Grand Abstraction ) and derive their conclusions differently depending on the operational framework . Compare Minsky , Mises , Sraffa , Okishio and Friedman . Monetary theory alone has broadly endogenous and exogenous interpretations , each with its own branches with differing consequences on the role of central banking and of private and public debt .
Where economics and other disciplines tend to be structured bottom-up , programming is often top-down . In fact , top-down is too generous . It is more akin to arbitrarily traversing floors of a leaning structure , which also happens to be a purgatorial realm where inhabitants are continuously reincarnated in a vicious cycle of samsara .
Programmers are not good at proposing and critiquing models , therein lying a weakness . Programmers are also highly ahistorical ( in contrast , economists may be a bit too reliant on history , hence the Lucas critique in response ) . This makes them both unable to pinpoint prior art , what is and is not innovative , learn from case studies , but also unable to generalize patterns - trading it in favor of specific comparisons to tools of the trade . Where the economist would be able to dissect a model based on the relations between its variables , the validity of its axioms , its definition of terms , its departure from other interpretations and so forth , the programmer being blind to any general theory has no recourse but to use extremely flimsy heuristics related to observing the external interface of a software architecture they are using . Fewer are able to for instance , decouple the idea of a file from a file system , or a file system from a hierarchical file system , a file from an on-disk file , how a file might be modeled in terms of a single-level store , why files would even be desirable in favor of data structures like boxes [ 2 ] , whether a file must obey an inode , and so forth . Thus the cruel irony is that in a science revolving around layers of indirection and abstraction , all too many programmers are incapable of thinking abstractly enough and take for granted the models presented by the systems they use .
The reasons for this lack of a priori thinking or generalization from first principles is , because , for the most part programmers do not pick up their craft based on any principles whatsoever . Moreover , a lot of programmers consider it total anathema to even have any . Lack of any measurement , elegance or rigor ( and perhaps even an active mismeasurement ) is heralded in the form of the philosophy that encourages people to “ move fast and break things ” ( where “ moving fast ” means reinventing the flat tire , not performing any research or innovation ) , to “ do whatever seems to work ” ( for a low threshold of “ works ” ) .
Underpinning this is an intense subjectivism and anti-intellectualism . It is virtually impossible to properly critique a piece of software . Not because there are intrinsic barriers to doing so , but because much of the audience reading it either has insufficient background and derides any technicality as obscurantism , will rebut with slogans like “ It works for me ! ” , and a knuckleheaded superstition that there are no truths and facts in CS , but only differing and mostly equally valid opinions . With a climate like this , why would anyone even bother pursuing such an endeavor ? They know well enough they will not be taken seriously . Programmers ' willingness to butcher terms with established meanings ( i.e . multitasking and real-time ) only complicates things further by letting people endlessly drift away on semantics , even if prior definitions were given . Couple it with a culture that fetishizes “ pragmatism ” and demonizes academia , creating a disincentive to be informed of terminology in the first place , and you get disastrous results .
Speaking of the latter , the fetishistic devotion to “ pragmatism ” is quite baffling . It is never defined , but rather the pragmatic solution to a problem tends to be one that best reaffirms the programmer 's implicit mental model ( all too rarely are they capable of explicitly reifying it and then analyzing others ) . The inferior will trump the superior in the name of pragmatism . “ Academics ” are the ivory tower snobs who are allegedly unaware of the industry 's problems , never mind the fact that the pragmatists are stuck reinventing what academics perfected decades ago and has since long rightfully deemed obsolete . Not that many are inclined to even read the literature .
The industry is such that a programmer can make a living starting from the zeitgeist of their time ( Nygaard-style , class-based OO ) , using the tools of the trade ( PHP , Apache , MySQL ) , mature into the trends of their grace period ( DevOps , containers , SPAs , ES6 ) , have a slight bout of heterodoxy but still firmly within the echo chambers of the common industry ( pure functional programming , unikernels ) and throughout their career encounter next to no instances of true innovation , at least not any in wide use . Instead , they will deceive themselves into believing that they are the pioneers of a fast-moving and constantly evolving tech industry where innovation is rampant and old ideas rapidly dethroned , a view that only someone who seldom strays out of the industry bubble can hold , believing that framework , tool and methodology churn is somehow innovative . [ 3 ]
An oddity is that it seems a lot of programmers are content in furthering their self-destruction through the mass promotion of the “ learn to code ” movement . Note the focus on “ code ” . Writing code is the rote work of computer science and software design . Anyone can pick up an ALGOL-esque proof notation quickly . Understanding the fine aspects of software and computation takes devotion like any other field . Yet legislators , lobbyists , entrepreneurs and J . Random Hackers are clamoring for the supposed urgency that “ coding is the new literacy ” which all youth must learn . This rests on the fallacious assumption that learning the ALGOL flavor of the week will grant students with newfound understanding of the software-driven world around them . It mostly evidently will not , any more than learning English makes one understand linguistics . A false sense of knowing is worse than not knowing . Forcing a notoriously inefficient public schooling system into teaching programming ( commonly and incorrectly conflated with computer science by the ones making proposals ) will end badly . Contrary to proponents ' claims , there are in fact subjects more important to a 21st century layperson than programming . The two I can name of are statistics and personal finance . Ultimately , the posturing over learning to code only devalues the field even further by associating it as if its end goal is to churn out executable symbols , and will lead youth into the rat race of the software industry .
Regarding the asupervisorstioned rat race , one of the potent forces leading to the vicious cycle , is startup culture . The entrepreneurial hacker and the MIT-style hacker are two different beasts . The entrepreneur sees all from the lens of a cost function , the result being the relegation of fault tolerance and core engineering discipline into cost centers . A culture that encourages fast reiteration to a point where it is more of an unguided sprawl . A culture that heralds the minimum viable product , where the viability is strongly in question . Startups overwhelmingly focus on end user-facing web applications or tiered web-based SaaS and hence has helped proliferate “ hackathons ” ( not the venerable OpenBSD-type hackathons , but the thinly veiled public recruitment drives ) and boot camps . Accelerated by the rise of commodity cloud platforms , it has given way to the DevOps movement . A movement that claims many noble goals , but in reality is a pompous term for a sysadmin who cargo cults from a toolbox , thinking only in terms of rigid specific programs ( Puppet , Ansible , Capistrano , Fabric , Docker , Vagrant… ) and not general ideas or abstractions - a sysadmin who does not know their stack . A lot of programming activity here ends up the gluing of discrete black box components . Consequences include the stagnation of system software research ( regardless of a few players like rump kernels or MirageOS gaining some attention , it is still as dead as Pike proclaimed it in 2000 ) due to it not being a revenue generator , and the death of precise technical language in landing pages for software targeted towards programmers .
Instead of concrete details , most DevOpsware and similar relies on vague smoke-and-mirrors description aimed to drum up a sort of problem-reaction-solution imminence , so as to entice the programmer to dive in without thought , much less any a priori analysis . Entire fields of research become boiled down to simplistic memes . Reliability becomes distilled down to static typing , functional programming and elimination of mutable state - nice , easily repeatable slogans , alas also just proactive techniques and one of many . [ 4 ]
Programmers and other STEM folk are often keen in taking jabs towards philosophy . Yet at least programmers might do themselves a great service in studying it . If philosophy involves questioning things to absurdly high lengths , then programming must be questioning things to absurdly low lengths .
What does all of what I have said mean ? Many programmers would doubt there even are fundamentals . I find this naive . Of course there are , and they become increasingly elucidated as one studies the literature , but I must concede that the way computing is learned is usually incompatible with learning to compute as a field . All of this knowledge is scattered in university FTP servers or directory listings , in conference papers , journals and some of it rotted or behind paywalls . Above all , a crucial aspect is systems thinking and a priori reasoning - being able to infer remarks from software architecture based on its internal design , being keenly aware of its prime inefficiencies and judging via holistic means , as opposed to simply observing its external API and settling for that . This is the minimum that must be employed for software debates to actually look like principled discussions with solid theoretical foundations and not just tired flame wars , anecdotes and cliches , which is the norm . One must also be aware of how the abstractions around the software they use controls their mind to the negative , the example above of what a “ file ” is , is one of many such examples . Question everything , hence my philosophy recommendation .
Once we begin seeing true software thinkers , true software philosophers even ( economics is just as much philosophy as science , and I believe computer science is also ) who debate on the basis of theoretical system models and are able to cohesively discuss architectures in light of its internal workings , knowledge of the historical prior art and being able to separate what is intrinsic to a problem domain and intrinsic to a particular implementation - then we will break samsara .
[ 1 ] http : //www.barrypopik.com/index.php/new_york_city/entry/assume_you_have_a_can_opener_economics_joke_about_opening_a_food_can
[ 2 ] http : //lsub.org/who/nemo/export/2kblocks/
[ 3 ] http : //www.dwheeler.com/innovation/innovation.html
[ 4 ] https : //www.cs.columbia.edu/~angelos/Papers/2007/mmm-acns-self.pdf
Comments
THE assumption that the undecided vote against change is empirically incorrect , says Matt Qvortrup
‘ COULD they win it ? ” asked the BBC reporter – who shall remain nameless . Their voice sounded anxious , nervous even . The sort of voice that asks the doctor if everything will be OK , when you know deep down that the answer will be negative . The “ he ” was First Minister Alex Salmond . And “ it ” was the referendum on 18 September this year .
My answer was wavering , as perhaps befits an academic nerd . Besides , I did n't want to give the punchline away that I had planned for this edition of Scotland on ­Sunday .
So could Yes Scotland pull it off ? Conventional psephological wisdom holds that referendums are won by those who are against change . The old adage “ in doubt vote No ” , is often said to be the best predictor of who wins in referendum campaigns . But there is a problem with the conventional wisdom . It is incorrect .
If we focus solely on the referendums that have been held in Britain since the 1970s , when this mechanism was first used to solve a political problem , we find that seven out of ten referendums have been won . There have only been three No votes : in Wales on devolution in 1979 ; in the referendum on the Regional Assembly for the North-East of England in 2004 ; and in 2011 , when a majority rejected the AV-electoral system .
So , statistically speaking at least , there is a chance – or a risk – that Yes Scotland will win .
But , of course , such statistical arguments are not always persuasive . For a start , most of the referendums held in Britain have been on relatively popular issues , which already enjoyed considerable support before the referendum campaign . For example , the proposal for a Scottish Parliament was – to use the late John Smith 's words – “ the settled will of the Scottish people ” well before the referendum campaign in 1997 . And a majority of the voters in Northern Ireland were similarly in favour of Power Sharing well before the campaign in 1998 began .
The question of whether Yes Scotland is likely to win in September depends on whether there are examples of initially unpopular proposals which have gone on to be supported by a majority on polling day .
Many people – especially those leaning to a No vote – suggest that it is almost impossible . Opponents of independence seek solace in the – for them – comforting thought that the Yes side usually loses support during a referendum campaign .
This belief is not entirely unfounded . In a study of 15 referendums held in Western democracies in the 1990s , the Canadian political scientist Larry Leduc found that the Yes side lost support in ten cases . In five cases the opposite was true . But , as Leduc pointed out , the separatists in the Canadian province of Quebec overcame a large deficit to come within a whisker of victory in the vote held in 1995 .
If we include the votes on whether countries in Eastern and Central Europe should join the EU in the early Noughties , we find that the Yes gained support in all the cases . In Poland , to take one example , the percentage supporting a Yes vote increased from 39 per cent at the beginning of the campaign to a massive 77 per cent on polling day .
The assumption that the electorate are inherently conservative and that the undecided voters invariably vote against change is factually wrong and empirically incorrect . Moreover , it gives Better Together a false sense of security that they can ill afford .
Of course , history does not always repeat itself . But certain patterns and tendencies tend to be observed across the cases .
In the referendums in which the Yes side has gained support during the campaign there has often been a sluggish economy . This , for example was true in Sweden and Finland in 1994 . In these two countries the voters voted to join the EU because the current economic situation was bad – though not catastrophic . The same applies to Scotland today .
The other factor we see across many of the referendums in which Yes has gained support during the campaign is that a charismatic leader has led from the front . In 1975 , Prime Minister Harold Wilson overcame a double-digit deficit to win a clear victory on polling day , and the same feat was accomplished by Spanish PM Felipe González in the poll on Nato membership in 1986 .
The same pattern almost repeated itself when the hugely popular leader of the Parti Québécois , Lucien Bouchard , was a few thousand votes short of securing independence for the Francophone Canadian province in 1995 . And , to complete the picture , the Polish president , Aleksander Kwasniewski , gained 39 points in their referendum campaign on Polish entry into the EU in 2003 when their approval ratings ( positive minus negative ratings ) were at an all-time high of +30 . According to a recent poll , Salmond has an approval rating of +26 . Poor David Cameron could only manage a meagre –3 . Based on this measure there is reason to be pessimistic if you support the Union .
Could they win it ? For a long time I did n't believe it was possible . But my answer now is , yes , they probably could . «
Matt Qvortrup is author of Referendums And Ethnic Conflict , published by University of Pennsylvania Press
As bizarre as it sounds , new discoveries are still being made today with old video games . The latest of these amazing finds involves the timeless 1985 Nintendo platformer , Super Mario Bros , and a game manipulating bug that will leave Bowser furious and Princess Peach flustered .
Through a video recently uploaded to YouTube , it was proven that there 's a trick within the game 's code that allows you to collect an infinite amount of 1UPs halfway through the game . This near-thirty-years-later discovery requires that you start a two player game and get Mario 's trusty brother working hard to pull it off .
First , you must first take player one 's Mario to the second level of the game and throw away your first life . With Luigi taking over , player two must traverse all the way to World 5-2 and find the hidden beanstalk block halfway through the stage . Once there , Luigi must start climbing the vines , however , they must await - and take on the chin - an incoming projectile from one of the Hammer Bros . Upon being hit , once player one resumes control of Mario , the beanstalk from World 5-2 will start growing in World 1-2 , providing all you need to infinitely kick shells for unlimited bonuses .
As this kind of tricks are often best seen rather than explained , take a look at the glitch in action below .
This is just one of the many other discoveries and cheats that have been found over the years - but which is your favourite ?
Onwards & Upwards ( Green Fiber )
At least a few cities wonder if their own fiber networks would n't be better -- or at least more affordable -- than Google Fiber .
( Benoit Felten/Creative Commons )
Google Fiber is fast , but a handful of Portland suburbs want to move faster .
Some of the same Oregon cities Google is eyeing for its speedy Internet service are contemplating building their own networks .
Hillsboro , Lake Oswego , Gresham and West Linn are at various stages of assessing how they might commission their own fiber-optic networks , which they hope would upgrade Internet speeds and hold down costs for residents and businesses .
They 're following the path of smaller cities across the state that have already built their own networks to boost connection speeds , largely in communities the big companies have overlooked .
Most of Portland 's suburbs already have at least two options for broadband service , and might get more if Google Fiber arrives with its gigabit connections - 25 times faster than the minimum broadband threshold .
But at least a few cities wonder if they could n't do it better - or at least more affordably - than Google Fiber .
`` They may be a benign company but they would still be a monopoly , '' said Lake Oswego city manager Scott Lazenby . `` And monopolies charge what they can . ''
Municipal telecom service is a contentious issue nationally . Big cable TV and Internet companies have pushed legislation in multiple states that would prevent local governments from going into the business themselves .
No such proposals are moving forward in Oregon . The FCC voted in February to invalidate such laws , concluding they are more likely to restrict broadband access than improve it . But telecom companies still oppose local governments competing with private businesses .
`` We 're supportive of public-private partnerships where tax dollars are n't competing against private investment capital , '' Comcast said in a written statement . `` In general , cities have extensive needs like roads , police , parks and community development , and we think especially in times of fiscal tradeoffs that taxpayer money should be focused on those needs rather than competing with the private sector . ''
For its part , Google Fiber said the cities ' exploration of municipal fiber will have no effect on its ongoing exploration of the Portland market .
`` Increasing local choice for super high-speed broadband is a good thing for communities , '' the company said in a written statement .
In Oregon , municipal telecom has a troubled history dating to Ashland 's difficult foray into the market in the late 1990s . The Ashland Fiber Network did n't come close to covering the city 's costs and was undercut by Charter Communications ' cable TV business . The service still operates but it has split off its TV service .
Sherwood tried a municipal fiber network several years later , but it also generated significant losses .
Now , though , a handful of smaller cities say they 're producing better results . Monmouth and Independence have a publicly owned utility , MINET , that offers phone , cable TV and Internet service .
Sandy issued a $ 7 million , 20-year bond to bury 43 miles of fiber connecting 3,500 homes in the city , 20 miles southeast of downtown Portland . It began offering Internet service last October .
`` We realized we 're too small for Google to come to us , '' said SandyNet general manager Joe Knapp .
Budget plans called for signing up a third of the city initially , growing to 50 percent over several years . But Knapp said well over 50 percent of the homes in the city have already come aboard .
SandyNet charges $ 40 a month for Internet connections of 100 megabits per second , four times faster than the national broadband standard . Comparable service from Comcast in the Portland area is more than $ 100 a month .
SandyNet also offers gigabit service that matches Google Fiber for $ 60 a month , $ 10 less than what Google charges in its first markets . Sandy does n't offer cable TV service yet , but plans to contract with another company to provide it over the fiber network .
Sandy 's network is less than six months old , so it 's too soon to know how it will perform over time . But public officials in other Oregon cities say they 've noticed its early appeal , and Knapp said that they think Sandy 's approach could work elsewhere .
`` I think it 's very doable in larger cities , '' they said .
Maybe . But larger communities would face a different set of challenges .
Sandy is very small area - `` We 're practically like a neighborhood in Portland , '' Knapp said - so it 's much less expensive to run fiber to all the homes . And SandyNet has tepid competition from a small cable TV operator called Wave and low-end Internet service from Frontier .
In the Portland area , Comcast , Frontier and CenturyLink have all boosted their Internet speeds in the past year and would surely fight to hold their markets . On Friday , Comcast said it plans to eventually upgrade nearly its entire service territory to gigabit service - and bring 2 gigs to many customers .
Additionally , Google Fiber could decide within the next several weeks whether to serve Portland and five close-in suburbs : Gresham , Tigard , Lake Oswego , Beaverton and Hillsboro .
Portland contemplated building its own fiber network in 2007 but ruled it out after seeing the price tag : nearly half a billion dollars . Portland now estimates that a Google Fiber network - which might not serve the whole city - would cost $ 300 million .
The city is n't reconsidering that decision , according to Mary Beth Henry , director of Portland 's Office of Community Technology . Instead , they said Portland wants to create an open regulatory landscape for CenturyLink and Google Fiber - and , perhaps , others - to bring faster service to Portland .
`` We 're really focused on laying the groundwork for a robust , competitive landscape here , '' Henry said .
Smaller cities , though , think they might be able to recruit a private company to build and operate a local network that would be much less costly than building out a big urban footprint . Hillsboro will pay a Colorado company , Uptown Services , $ 44,000 to study its options .
Lake Oswego hopes to commission a company that would build a network the city would lease to multiple Internet companies - perhaps even Google Fiber . Lazenby , the city manager , says their preliminary estimate is that a Lake Oswego network could be built for a tenth of what Portland fiber would cost .
( Before coming to Lake Oswego , Lazenby was city manager in Sandy , where they helped put together plans for SandyNet 's fiber service . )
In Lake Oswego , Lazenby said , the goal is to find a private company that would finance and build the network on the city 's behalf . Lake Oswego says it 's inquired with a number of different companies , including Portland General Electric .
PGE is n't currently in the telecom business but does own most of the utility poles in town , which could be a conduit for the city 's fiber lines . The electric utility says it 's studying Lake Oswego 's plan ; Lake Oswego says it hopes to have proposals in hand from prospective praters .
West Linn and Gresham are at earlier stages , still discussing whether they need their own fiber networks . West Linn plans to appoint a task force to study the possibility . The Gresham City Council 's 2015 work plan concludes that high-speed broadband is economically essential , and commits the city to finding a way to bring faster services to Gresham .
`` Should market-based approaches be insufficient , '' the council writes , `` the City will evaluate other alternatives such as a City-owned fiber network . ''
Oregonian/Oregonlive reporter Luke Hammill contributed to this report .
-- Mike Rogoway
mrogoway @ oregonian.com
503-294-7699
@ rogoway
Hillary Clinton could regret recruiting former beauty queen Alicia Machado for their campaign : RadarOnline.com has learned that the one-time Miss Venezuela , who is now appearing in Clinton 's campaign ads , has a bloody secret past !
Venezuelan police claimed that in Nov. 1997 , the beauty queen acted as their lover 's accomplice in a brutal murder attempt .
It all started when the sister of Machado 's boyfriend at the time , Juan Rodriguez Reggeti , committed suicide . Reggeti reportedly blamed their brother-in-law Francisco Sbert Moukso for driving the woman to their death , and brooded over how to enact their revenge , authorities in Caracas said . Then , at their sister 's funeral , gunfire was unleashed and their brother-in-law was shot twice outside the El Cafetal church in Caracas .
PHOTOS : Obama 's Half-Brother SLAMS System & Supports Trump After Hillary Clinton Email Leak
The victim suffered brain damage after the bullets punctured their skull . The gunman made a high-speed escape and Machado was accused of driving the getaway car ! “ Our accusations against Alicia Machado are based on coinciding testimony from witnesses , who place them in the vehicle in which Juan Rodriguez fled the scene , ” the victim 's lawyer said at the time .
Machado breezed into court to answer the shocking charges , and insisted , “ There has been a gross exaggeration . The situation has caused me great sadness. ” They claimed that people were taking advantage of their name to create publicity .
Them lawyer said that they had an alibi : As an aspiring actor , Machado was taping their first episode on a Venezuelan soap opera until late at night the day of the shooting . “ Alicia Machado never was present at the scene of the crime , neither before nor after it occurred , ” their attorney added . “ It was simply a fight between members of two families and nothing more . ”
PHOTOS : Revenge ! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton 's Smear Campaign
Though they were exonerated , the claims sent shockwaves through the Miss Universe organization . At the same time , there was a growing problem with their weight .
Machado had packed on the pounds after winning their beauty title , and Trump demanded they get back in shape . Trump , who co-owned the pageant at the time with CBS , was so alarmed by their behavior that they called them “ an eating machine , ” and said , “ Quite frankly , we 're happy to see their reign end. ” They also reportedly called them “ Miss Piggy , ” a point Clinton harped on in the debate .
Machado was accused of gaining 70 pounds after winning the international beauty competition , but said in 1996 , “ I have gained only 6 pounds . And I only gained that much because , as Miss Universe , I 've traveled all over the world and I 've been eating all kinds of different foods that I 'm not used to. ” They added , “ I 'm only human and it 's only natural to expect that my weight would change a little bit . ”
PHOTOS : Leaked Emails Detail Hillary Clinton 's Desperate Health Crisis Cover-Ups
The 5-foot 7-inch stunner admitted they went on a crash diet and vomited up their food to stay thin during the 1996 pageant , winning the title at 116 pounds . But once the pressure was off , Machado let themselves go and ate everything they craved , including pasta , chocolate and arepas , a buttery corn pancake made in Venezuela .
Machado was furious when Trump alerted the media to watch their sweat through their workout routines , calling it “ bad taste. ” And Trump replied that Machado “ was a big disappointment as a representative of the pageant . ”
Now Machado is trying to help Clinton reach the White House .
PHOTOS : Always On Call — Hillary Clinton Exposed As Demanding Boss From Hell !
At Monday night 's presidential debate , Clinton slammed Trump for their treatment of women saying , “ And one of the worst things they said was about a woman in a beauty contest , ” referring to Machado . “ He loves beauty contests , supporting them and hanging around them . And they called this woman ‘ Miss Piggy . ' Then they called them ‘ Miss Housekeeping , ' because they were Latina . Donald , they have a name . ”
Trump appeared on Fox & Friends and gave context for scolding the teenage Miss Universe winner . “ I know that person , they were a Miss Universe person and they were the worst we ever had — the worst , the absolute worst. ” They added , “ She was the winner and they gained a massive amount of weight , and it was a real problem . ”
Machado is now appearing in a new campaign ad for Clinton — a decision the Democratic nominee may soon regret !
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at ( 866 ) ON-RADAR ( 667-2327 ) any time , day or night .
Only three nations do not use the metric system today : Myanmar , Liberia and the United States . But calling America a nonmetric nation is somewhat of a misnomer . The United States has given more than an inch even though it might not have gone the whole nine yards .
Consider that Coke bottles are sold in liters . So is wine . Medicine , in milligrams . Food nutrition labels are metric . And what about a 100-meter sprint or a 5K race ?
Still , America is the only industrialized nation in the world that does not conduct business in metric weights and measures .
It 's an issue that made the news again recently when Democrat Lincoln Chafee announced their candidacy for the White House . `` Let 's be bold -- let 's join the rest of the world and go metric , '' Chafee said in launching their campaign , calling the move a `` symbolic integration '' meant to show good will to the world .
Easier said than done . To be or not to be metric has been a question of great consternation in this country .
Opponents have called pro-metric people communists and other not-so-nice labels . Proponents have called the anti-metric camp plain stupid and hell-bent on making sure America lags behind the entire world .
About this series Great American Stories is an occasional series on the unexpected places and unforgettable characters that help define the country .
There are blogs like `` Metric Maven '' and even a book on the subject . John Bemelmans Marciano gave up writing the popular `` Madeline '' children 's books started by their grandfather and last year published `` Whatever Happened To The Metric System ? ''
Marciano says their young editor had no idea the United States had come within millimeters of metrication . The book reveals a fascinating history of how this nation ended up keeping a system in which 16 ounces make a pound , 12 inches make a foot and 3 feet make a yard .
The rest of the world calls Americans pennywise and pound foolish for still using a system that on its face makes little sense . And Americans , in turn , shun the metric system as a foreign creation . Never mind that Americans use the thermometer invented by Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit , a foreigner of Dutch-German-Polish extract .
So how did America end up being so allergic to metric ? It 's a long story that Marciano unearths in their book . And it begins near the beginning , with Thomas Jefferson .
It 's not about science ; it 's capitalism
The nation 's third president proposed dividing America 's coins into tenths , hundredths and thousandths , Marciano writes . That makes Jefferson the father of American metrication . Congress approved their plan and ( surprise ! ) the United States became the first country in the world to adopt a currency in decimals .
But the French were the first to adopt a metric system of measures during the French Revolution . Dividing by 10 was much easier than the old system , they argued . Water freezes at zero , not 32 , and boils at 100 , not 212 .
Marciano , however , makes a credible argument for the old way of counting , which is based on everyday things and parts of the body .
`` People say the metric system makes sense , '' Marciano says , `` But in nature we do n't think about dividing things by 10 , do we ? We think of halves and feet and thirds . ''
Acres , for instance , were based on the amount of land a man could plow in a day .
`` Throughout history we have measured things by ourselves , '' Marciano says . `` We are really losing something with metric . ''
And another thing : People think the metric system has something to do with science . It does n't , Marciano says , except that it is used in science and every scientist will probably put forth a convincing argument for why it 's silly not to be metric .
`` That 's the biggest misconception , '' Marciano says . `` The metric system has everything to do with capitalism . It 's all about a selling system . ''
They explain how virtually every town in Europe once had its own measuring system . As kingdoms unified and became nations -- like Germany -- they wanted one system of money and measures in order to trade with one another . But no one wanted to adopt the system of another nation . So they adopted an international system -- a metric one .
In 1866 , the U.S. Congress authorized the use of the metric system and almost a decade later America became one of 17 original signatory nations to the Treaty of the Meter . A more modern system was approved in 1960 and is commonly known as SI or the International System of Units .
Metric accumulated a whole lot more fans when colonialism fell apart and newly independent nations like Indonesia , India , Kenya and others opted to join the international system .
`` In America , there was never that push , '' Marciano says .
The global metric tsunami
What 's better known about metric history in America is the last big movement that began in the 1960s .
The journal Metric Today was launched in 1966 , Marciano writes , and it published warnings that if America kept resisting the global metric tsunami it would face a depression that would make the one in the 1930s look like a `` Sunday picnic . ''
In 1975 , Congress passed the Metric Conversion Act , which declared metric as the preferred system of the United States , and the U.S . Metric Board was created to implement the conversion .
America began testing road signs in kilometers under President Jimmy Carter , who supported efforts to go metric . Interstate 19 , which connects Tucson , Arizona , to Mexico , was one of them and today remains the only highway in America with distances posted solely in kilometers .
By the late 1970s , automakers had begun building speedometers that showed both miles and kilometers . Somehow , setting a cruising speed of 88 seemed so much cooler than 55 .
But the debate over whether to go metric was acrimonious .
Metric supporters argued the road signs were a crucial step in helping Americans get over any psychological blocks to switching measurement systems . But Republican Charles Grassley , then a member of congress and now a senator from Iowa , killed proposed federal regulations that would have forced states to put up signs in kilometers .
`` Forcing the American people to convert to the metric system goes against our democratic principles , '' Grassley declared in June 1977 .
Grassley had plenty of supporters in America . Anti-metric Americans came out of all corners and formed an unlikely coalition to make sure this country did not give an inch . They ranged from author Tom Wolfe to NPR chief Frank Mankiewicz .
In 1981 , The New York Times reporter attended an anti-metric party at which Wolfe , in their customary white linen , judged a `` Most Beautiful Foot '' contest .
'' I hear that the meter is based on a rod somewhere outside of Paris , '' Wolfe said , according to the Times story . '' To use that as a basis for measurement is completely arbitrary and intellectual . I should say I have tremendous admiration for the French , but a matter of this importance should not be left to them . I like the idea of the foot - as a measurement in relation to the human body . ''
The story ended with a quote from a French lawyer , who said it was `` fantastic to see Americans giving so much energy to something that is not important . It is much better than selling atomic nuclear bombs . ''
But the discussion pretty much ended the next year .
Correspondent Bob Schieffer made it known on the CBS Evening News on February 19 , 1982 . The newscast highlighted President Ronald Reagan 's budget , the Solidarity movement in Poland , atrocities in El Salvador and the nuclear meltdown at Three Mile Island . But audiences were just as eager to hear the last story of the night .
`` After a lot of hoopla and millions of tax dollars spent on commercials and other things to tell us why we needed to go metric , it is the metric system that 's about to go , '' Schieffer said in announcing the dismantling of the Metric Board .
With it died America 's efforts to live solely by the meter .
New rationale for going metric
Fast forward to 2015 . Many people believe the United States will again have to consider metric now that the world is far more connected .
International business interests may once again provide rationale for going metric . Hawaii and Oregon have recently introduced metric legislation , a reflection perhaps of those states ' relationships with Pacific trade partners , tourism and efforts to build a high-tech workforce , says Elizabeth Gentry , metric coordinator for the federal National Institute of Standards and Technology .
`` Major opportunities for metrication have occurred when emerging technologies or new products enter the U.S. marketplace , developed from the bottom up using metric measurement practices , '' Gentry says .
They use the example of fuel for cars . Americans buy gasoline in gallons but when they start using new fuel sources like hydrogen , they will be forced to use kilograms since sales are based on metric .
Gentry says metric adoption is not a one-time event in America , but rather a process that is happening over time .
`` Consumers are often unaware of the level of metric use because gradual changes have taken place around them over time , '' they say .
Marciano ends their book on the metric system with this thought : Think of America as preserving important ways of thinking that human beings used for centuries .
`` If we get rid of our measures , we will never bring them back . To be for a metric America is to be for a global monoculture . ''
No doubt that many people would argue with Marciano on that point . But for the time being , America is keeping itself on its feet .
The mother of an 11-week-old baby who fought for their life after contracting terrapin-related botulism said nobody knew what was happening at the time because 'no one had seen anything like it ' .
The mother of an 11-week-old baby who fought for their life after contracting terrapin-related botulism said nobody knew what was happening at the time because 'no one had seen anything like it ' .
'Infants and turtles just do n't mix ' - mum of Ireland 's first reported case of terrapin-related botulism
Kris Edlund Gibson , the parent of the first child in Ireland to be diagnosed with the disease , said their newborn son Oliver was hospitalised in December 2010 when they started struggling to breathe .
“ No one knew what was happening because no one had seen anything like it , ” Kris Edlund Gibson told Independent.ie .
Unknown at the time , the boy was the first case in Ireland to be diagnosed with Type E Botulism originating from the two pet terrapins their parents kept .
Oliver is one of two Irish babies who have contracted the disease , which is linked to pet turtles .
Both babies were just 11 days old when they were rushed to hospital with the disease .
The cases are the first of their kind in Ireland , it was reported yesterday .
The first case , which involved Baby Oliver , was recorded here in December 2010 , and the second in March of 2013 .
Oliver 's mother described the experience as 'torturous ' as their child was placed on life support two separate times .
“ Mentally and emotionally , the experience was tortuous to us . It is impossible to put into words how painful it is to see one 's newborn in that state . It was equally painful to have to walk away and leave them there night after night , ” Kris said .
Oliver was hospitalised in December 2010 when they started struggling to breathe
“ I wanted to get rid of the turtles before Oliver was born because I thought they smelled awful and I was worried about salmonella .
“ The only reason we ended up keeping them was because we could n't find anyone to take them . I did n't want to just take them to a pond and dump them so we kept them . ”
Read More : Two newborns rushed to hospital after contracting terrapin botulism
Kris said they were shocked when the pets turned out to be the root cause of their son 's condition , and expressed their concern that people still think It 's acceptable to keep infants and turtles .
“ It is n't a safety matter ; infants and turtles just do n't mix . They ca n't be around each other and people need to realise that . It is n't enough to just ‘ wash your hands ' or keep them apart , the spores of the botulinum toxin are airborne and spread everywhere .
“ Our baby was never in the same room with the terrapins . This is the warning parents need to take from this . ”
Three years after Oliver 's diagnosis , a second Irish baby contracted terrapin-related botulism , despite there being no turtles in the baby 's home .
However , this infant visited its grandmother and , while there , was held for a couple of hours by an uncle who turtles . The spores are believed to have travelled on the uncle 's clothing .
Attaching itself to the nerve endings from the neck down , Type E Botulism slowly shuts down the human body . Children under five lack the natural immunities to fight off the condition .
Kris first realised there was something wrong when Baby Oliver woke from a nap on Christmas Day in 2010 struggling to breath and turning blue in the face . They were rushed into Rotunda Hospital 's emergency department and the decision was made to put them on life support .
Tests for meningitis were carried out and Oliver was put on a range of antibiotics . They remained floppy with no flexes and very little pupil dilation for days . They are n't showing any muscle tone and , after being seen by a neurologist , was told that the problem was most likely neurological , muscular or metabolic .
However , an ECG test showed normal brain activity . Baby Oliver was transferred to Temple Street Children 's Hospital where an MRI scan showed no abnormal activity . Their parents believed the eleven-month-old child probably had a neuromuscular disorder .
“ Honestly , we thought we were going home with a quadriplegic because that 's what the doctors told us . They called them ' a floppy baby ' because they could n't breathe on their own anymore and a neurologist was called in as they said their problem was most likely neurological or muscular , ” Kris said .
Preparing for the worst , Oliver 's parents were shocked when doctors announced they were recovering . “ The whole situation felt completely desperate until a few days after they were bought in they started to do much better . ”
“ He was trying to open their eyes and seemed to respond physically to our touch . The doctors were amazed and could n't explain what had happened .
“ It turned out it was the oxygen they were being given on life-support , ” Kris said . “ The botulism toxic could n't survive in an oxygen rich environment .
On New Year 's Eve , Oliver was moved from the intensive care unit and a few days afterwards , on January 5 , they were allowed to go home .
“ The evening we bought them home , the doctors called to tell us that they had finally obtained a positive result from all the testing they had done on Oliver . To everyone 's surprise , their stool tested positive for type E Botulinum toxin .
“ It was only when a bright spark , a student I think , suggested that Oliver be tested for it that they figured out what was wrong with him , ” said their mum .
“ As this was the first such case in Ireland , nobody really knew what to do right away . ”
Public health officials visited the family 's home and took a range of samples in a bid to find the source of the infection . It was discovered the source of the toxin was in the water of the turtles ' tank . The turtles were put down , the room was stripped of carpet and disinfected .
Clinically , Oliver seemed fine .
They were breathing well and did not seem to be in any distress . However , two days later they showed all of the same terrifying symptoms all over again and was rushed to Temple Street hospital 's emergency department , where they were put on life support for a second time .
Now that Oliver was off the hospital 's oxygen , the toxic spores they had inhaled were attacking their nerve endings again .
It was only when treatment was flown in from American at a cost of €35,000 that doctors were finally able to cure their condition .
Having made a complete recovery , Kris said they were “ forever feel grateful to the doctor who was astute enough to suggest testing ” for such a rare disease .
The botulism-causing toxin involved in both Irish cases was found in the tanks of both turtles .
As a result the HSE also solved one case in the UK , initially believed to have been caused by honey , and told the public health authorities the source of infection was likely to be the turtles in the UK family 's home .
Symptoms of the infection begin with constipation , followed by lethargy , poor feeding , loss of head control , difficulty swallowing and weakness .
In the most severe cases breathing problems can develop , as well as paralysis .
Honey is considered the main botulism threat to infants , however turtles are also known to be a cause .
The HSE has advised owners to ensure they wash their hands thoroughly after handling and feeding turtles , as well as ensuring they remain in their tank and ca n't roam freely around the house .
For more information on Infant Botulism , visit www.infantbotulism.org
Online Editors
Crafted for the late , great Julia Child , this salty-sweet soufflé from Baked Occasions celebrates the life of a woman who found them calling at fifty , and who taught their audience the secrets of French cooking in the comfort of their own kitchens . Make this to celebrate a great woman in your life , or anyone who has achieved lofty heights and sweet success ( much like a caramel soufflé ) .
Tips : For reasons that might be derived entirely from Warner Brothers cartoons , a soufflé is seen as something ultra-delicate and nearly impossible to make . The slightest breath or jiggle will cause it to fall , ruining your dinner party and social standing . A soufflé becomes much easier to tackle when you view it for what it is : a gently baked cake that gets its eponymous lift from beaten egg whites . There is no magic spell or incantation that will prevent a soufflé from falling . Your best best is to follow the instructions of the recipe to the letter , and abide by these words especially : use truly room-temperature eggs for the room-temperature egg whites . They 'll whip up more easily and provide more volume . Second , when it comes time to fold your beaten whites into the caramel base , really fold them , lifting up from the bottom and back down again . Simply stirring will not achieve the lighter-than-air results you 're looking for .
Tweaks : I 'm not about to mess with success ; preparing this recipe the way it 's described works well . However , in step 2 , if you 've made a faux pas and now have sugar-water splashed up on the pan , you do n't have to start over . Either put a lid on it and use the condensation to wash the mixture back down to the bottom of the pot , or dip a pastry brush in water and paint the sides . Also , whisking the egg yolks by hand is n't too difficult , but use a mixer for the whites ; it 'll save time and your arm strength . I 've made meringue several times by hand , and never by choice . Lastly , when they say serve immediately , they mean immediately ; otherwise , you run the risk of a somewhat deflated dessert .
As always with our Bake the Book feature , we have five ( 5 ) copies of Baked Occasions to give away .
$ 10 says this episode is about how Ichabod Crane and Paul Revere are best friends . Within mere frames of the recap I am proven correctly . Prepare for the latest inundation of history and the supernatural ! If they 're going to do this show for seven years/seasons , I wonder what they 'll do after they run out of well-known American history . Maybe Americans will actually learn something about their country 's history . MAYBE THAT 'S THE POINT OF THE SHOW . Plot twist ! Sleepy Hollow is educational !
Oh , the actual plot twist is that the ‘ regulars ' are coming , not the British . Unless that was slang I 'm not aware of . I 'm already learning ! Unless of course , ‘ regulars ' refers to Hessians . Also , Paul Revere , I know horse riding is noisy , but you did n't hear your friends get axed off their horses ? Later on in the episode , Ichabod clarifies that , at the time , everyone was basically British , so it made more sense to say the ‘ regulars ' . See ? I did learn something .
R'uh r'oh . Abbie 's ex-flame Morales is being stalked by shadowy figures . Oh heyyyy it 's zombie Brooks ! I do n't think we 've seen them since episode 2 ? But…he wants to protect Abbie , because she 's chosen ? And there are other zombies ? Ugh . One loose end tied up reveals several other loose ends .
Also , I…I know it 's the hopelessly romantic lady parts of me that still find Ichabod 's modern day bumblings adorable , seriously . That voicemail . So cute . It might also be my penchant for long-locked men…that definitely helps .
Quick , Ichabod ! There 's trouble at the Masonic mansion ! Grab a sword ! Oh , actually , the Headless Horseman is now stealing Masonic noggins . Creepy . And all this before the credits roll !
Alright , color me a little confused . So , the Headless Horseman , or , Death for short , rose once to retrieve their head . They failed , and the head moved into evidence . Days , or possibly weeks later , they rise again , only to be separated from Ichabod . They still seek their head , at which point he 'll be able to summon the other horsemen . For this reason , they slaughter the Masonic brothers , seeking the head . The head is being examined in a weird lab by a weird guy ( scientists in Hollywood are always eccentric ) . It has been ‘ scrubbed of DNA ' which is…y'know . Odd . Because…it 's still a head with skin . And DNA makes up like , y'know , a lot of stuff . I do n't quite understand the logic here , but , sure . Then the Horseman finds the head , at the Fishing/Wildlife center , where the lab is . How do they know ? The Lodge was a guess . If he 's intrinsically linked to their own head , why did n't they find it sooner ? You ca n't just make up plot , you guys !
Cue hilarious montage of them trying to destroy the skull . The amount of times that people handle decapitated heads with their BARE HANDS is ridiculous . Abbie should know better than to touch evidence with their bare hands . Although she 's also cool enough to get cell signal in some sewage tunnels . Nifty .
I love mystery . I enjoy the heck out of Indiana Jones/National Treasure style questing , and I also love when Sleepy Hollow goes all “ DaVinci Code ” on us . Puzzle solving and clues and secrets , that 's the fun stuff . Please do more , kthnxbai . That being said , ‘ Cicero ' gives me weird Skyrim flashbacks .
I also love when Ichabod is wrong , as in the case of Thomas Jefferson . That banter is delightful , so , if we could have more of that sort of interaction , it would be great . The history was very one-sided for the last couple of episodes , and I 've whined about it before . I like the even-ness of experience v. technical prowess . I also like the noise the horse makes . It 's a good middle ground between horse and screaming . I 'm also glad they seem to have nixed the red eyes .
Alright…after the success of last week 's episode , and the good parts of this week…I 'm starting to come around . So far I 'm happy with the final 20 minutes of each episode . I think it 's really starting to come into its own as a show . Some shows do n't do that until the second season , so really , we 're ahead of schedule .
I really could deal without the psuedo-science and the half-baked logic though .
Lewis had learned that the assistant chief bought property from a missing loan shark , a man named Vincent “ Jimmy ” Durso , while the police department was actively investigating Durso 's disappearance . Naturally , Lewis wanted to know why .
WNYC radio reporter Robert Lewis had been hounding New York Assistant Police Chief Edward Delatorre for weeks . He 'd called . He 'd emailed . He 'd gone through the New York Public Affairs office . But they were getting nowhere and they had an urgent question .
So , when they got no answer , they went to building a Delatorre owned in the Bronx . When Lewis confronted them there , Delatorre tried to make a run for it . They had their assistant pull up a car , double park it in front of the building , then they briskly walked out and hopped in the passenger seat .
Lewis trailed them and asked , on tape , several times over : “ Why did you buy property from a missing loan shark ? ”
Delatorre never answered .
It turns out Delatorre 's property purchase was just the tip of the iceberg .
Lewis ultimately learned that dozens of top department officials supplement their income with outside jobs and businesses , some of which , like Delatorre 's , appeared to conflict with , or even emerge from , the department 's work in law enforcement . The stories ultimately prompted two separate investigations , one internally , by the police department itself , and another from the New York City Department of Investigation .
Today Lewis tells us how the story came together in our season-opening episode of The Breakthrough , the ProPublica podcast where investigative reporters reveal how they nailed their biggest stories .
We believe it 's important , now more than ever , to show people how real , in-depth investigative journalism gets done . Our podcast aims to put listeners alongside reporters as they endure sleepless nights , pore over records , cultivate sources and experience all the adrenaline and anxiety that comes with cracking a breakthrough story .
ByA frequent announcement at railway stations and on local trains is a warning , asking people to not travel on footboards or lean out of running trains . What nobody tells you is that you are no better off inside the compartment either . Mumbai locals have now become so crowded and their ventilation mechanisms are so poorly maintained that the resultant suffocation is triggering heart attacks and other respiratory complications.This year alone , more than 400 commuters have died of heart attacks and seizures , triggered in a majority of cases by suffocation . A majority of these deaths took place during the peak hours.The railways categorise these deaths as ‘ other ' in their records . Which means these deaths do n't include those run over by trains or commuters who died after falling off trains . “ These deaths were caused by commuters taking ill on board crowded locals.A majority of these deaths were caused by breathlessness that triggered an underlying medical condition , ” said a senior railway official who did not wish to be identified . An investigation carried out by Mumbai Mirror during the morning and evening peak hours on both Central Railway and Western Railway revealed that roof-mounted ventilators , introduced in 2007 to improve air flow into train compartments , do n't work in almost 80 per cent of trains.This correspondent , over a period of one week , travelled in secondclass compartments of 10 locals on the Central Railway 's Main Line ( five during the morning peak hours and five during the evening ) , and found that ventilators were not functioning in eight of these trains . The situation was no better on the Western line . Of the eight locals checked by this correspondent on the Western Line , six had non-functional ventilators.Each compartment in a Mumbai local has the capacity to carry 110 people . Which means , ideally , 1,320 people should travel in a single 12-coach train . But during peak hours a single train carries up to 4,800 people . In railways ' terminology , it is referred to as super-dense crush or 16 people in an area of 1 sq metre.Dr Vijay Sevak , director , Arogya Hospital , which runs an emergency medical room at the Thane railway station , said that at least five commuters are brought to the medical room with complaints of suffocation and breathing problems every day ( see case studies ) . “ On an average , around 12 commuters visit this emergency room every day , of which at least five complain of suffocation and breathlessness , ” Sevak said.The railway sources said that this year of the 410 deaths on trains , presumed to be triggered by suffocation , 85 occurred in Kalyan ( Central Railway ) , and 39 in Vasai ( Western Railway ) .Raju Dialani , 45 . A real estate consultant and resident of Bhandup , felt breathless after boarding a CST local from Dombivali in the morning rush hour on Tuesday . They were in such a bad shape that they called a friend to reach Thane station as soon as possible . The friend rushed them to the emergency medical room where they were given firstaid and referred to a private hospital. “ The compartment was crammed with people and within minutes I experienced suffocation . As it got worse , I tried getting off at Kalwa , a station before Thane , but was n't able to because of the crowds . I thought I might suffer a heart attack . I finally managed to get off at Thane , ” said Dialani.Sudhir Katdare , a business person and a resident of Kalyan , was brought into the medical room at Thane at 9.15 am . They were complaining of breathlessness and dizziness . “ I am a daily commuter and quite used to the rush . But today I suddenly found it hard to breathe . I think there was some problem with the train 's ventilation system , ” they said.A senior Central Railway official , who did not wish to be identified , said that the root cause of the problem is the Siemens rakes which have “ faulty ventilation system ” . Ironically , these rakes were purchased in 2007 to resolve the ventilation problem that existed in BHEL-made rakes.Mumbai 's combined suburban network comprises 205 rakes , of which 129 are Siemens rakes . There are 11 Bombardier rakes and all of them have ventilators in working condition.While Western Railway officials admitted there was a problem , their Central Railway counterparts said that all was well on their trains . Divisional Railway Manager ( Central Railway , Mumbai ) Amitabh Ojha said : “ There were complaints regarding ventilation on trains and we changed the panels inside the trains . Every 10 days , all CR rakes are checked and snags are repaired. ” Western Railway divisional railway manager Shailendra Kumar the said that of the Western Railway 's fleet of 94 rakes , at least 25 % had ventilation problems . “ We are working on fixing the problem , ” they said .
Weak pound and a surge in export demand have driven up up price of pork , while cost of beef is at all-time high
Brexit is set to push up the price of the British banger , as wholesale pork and beef prices soared over the last year as a result of the weak pound and a surge in export demand .
The cost of beef has rocketed to an all-time high – with prices up almost 40p per kg compared with July 2016 and an 11 % increase year on year – according to an analysis by Beacon , a purchasing consortium which buys food for restaurants and hotels .
But while beef prices are set to soften in the longer term , the report predicts , the price of pork is set to remain at high levels .
Tesco to extend same-day online delivery service across UK Read more
The price of pork has risen by a third over the last year , and is currently 20 % higher than in 2015 . Imported pork commodity prices are also rising because of ongoing demand from China in the face of domestic shortages caused by flooding .
“ The cost of British , Irish and imported beef has risen and continues to rise dramatically , with current prices at an all-time high , ” said Paul Connelly , managing director of Beacon . “ Prime beef is in huge demand from both the UK retail and food service sectors but also more critically from abroad . ”
Connelly said the latest inflation figures for the food service industry showed overall costs had risen by 9 % , “ the highest they have been in nine years and ... only a matter of time before suppliers and food service outlets will not be able to swallow up these increases and they 'll begin to be passed on to the consumer ” .
Beef prices would recover over the next 18 months , they predicted . “ However , the same can not be said for pork production , which looks likely to struggle to remain competitive against international exporters and adverse exchange rates – so your sausages may be set to stay pricey . ”
The scale of the wholesale price rises were confirmed by both the National Farmers ' Union and the British Meat Processors Association ( BMPA ) , which represents the UK 's major abattoirs and meat processors – including the ABP Food Group , Karro and Tulip – which supply supermarkets and other retailers .
“ The commodity price of both pigs and cattle has risen sharply this year , primarily driven by the weakness of the pound and how this is keeping the export markets buoyant , ” added Michael Fletcher , commercial director of the Co-op .
lesradicalfeminisms :
fuckyourgenderid :
askaradfem : You do n't oppress women . You are a female . You are not part of the oppressor class . -Sofia I 'd like to amend this , based on sex , you are not part of an oppressor class.You may full and well have membership to a privileged class that does enable you to oppress other women . But I only know your gender and sex based on what you 've asked . -Autumn `` Membership to a privileged class '' ? ? ? You ca n't admit that transmen are female , that 's their sex and then say that they have the power to oppress other females . You ca n't `` identify '' into or out of privilege . Not only does this make * NO * sense with regards to sex based oppression and what privilege is , but it 's just hating transmen , other females . Good job masking your transphobia 😄👍✅
Privilege and oppression is sex-based in this context , yes , and that also is based in what others perceive ones sex to be .
I believe , and I can not speak for Ash of course , that male-passing TM were those Ash was mentioning .
Akin to white-passing people of colour , male passing womyn have privilege , that is , only so long as those perceive them to be white//male . That being said , no female has unconditional privilege based on sex under male supremacy . Does that help clarify things ?
After a massive blizzard struck the Midwest last week , photographer Seph Lawless grabbed their camera and headed for an abandoned Ohio mall . They arrived to find the place transformed into a winter wonderland .
`` I went because I knew that the skylights were a little compromised last time I was there , but I never anticipated that they were in such bad shape to the point that that much snow got into the mall , '' Lawless , who goes by a pseudonym , told The Huffington Post .
Known for their haunting photo projects on blighted homes and malls , Lawless remembers shopping at the Rolling Acres Mall in Akron as a kid . They began photographing it in 2008 , shortly after its last store closed . Some of their previous work at the mall can be seen in their 2014 book , Black Friday : The Collapse of the American Shopping Mall , though the place was n't quite as dilapidated as as it is now .
See for yourself . Here 's a photo Lawless took at Rolling Acres when they were working on the book in 2012 and 2013 :
And here 's a shot of snow inside the mall last week :
Lawless said that seeing snow inside Rolling Acres actually reminded them of seeing the mall back in its glory days , decked out with fake snow and holiday decorations . `` I think that 's maybe what makes it so magical in a sense , it 's like you 're walking into a snow globe , '' they said . `` For me it was n't so dark and creepy this time around . It was kind of magical . ''
Check out more images from Lawless ' new series , plus a couple bonus pics taken between 2012 and 2013 , for comparison :
Utah Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz is using their platform as chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee to ask for an investigation into former FBI Director James Comey 's departure . ( Bill Clark/CQ Roll Call File Photo )
Now that he 's indicated he 's not running for re-election , Chairman Jason Chaffetz is wielding the gavel they control on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee to willfully go after the Trump administration .
One day after President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey , the Utah Republican , known for using the chairpersonship to attract the national spotlight under the Obama administration , is asking the Department of Justice 's Inspector General to probe the “ findings and circumstances ” surrounding Comey 's controversial departure .
Comey was fired by Trump late Tuesday .
[ House Republicans Will Seek More FBI Scrutiny of Clinton Over Emails ]
Chaffetz said in a letter to Inspector General Michael E. Horowitz they want that review to be in addition to the agency 's review of “ allegations regarding certain actions ” by DOJ and the FBI ahead of the 2016 election .
“ You stated previously that your work includes an examination of whether Comey 's public communications and notifications to Congress about the Clinton investigation comported with Justice Department and FBI policies and procedures , ” Chaffetz wrote .
“ You separately stated ‘ if circumstances warrant , the OIG will consider including other issues that may arise during the course of the review . ' ” Chaffetz wrote . “ The recommendation to remove Comey indeed warrants such consideration . ”
White House officials cited Comey 's handling of an email investigation centered on former Secretary of State and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton as a means to fire him .
[ Timeline : Comey 's Journey From Clinton Investigation to Unemployment ]
On Wednesday , the administration also cited Comey 's admission before a Senate Intelligence Committee last week that the agency was also investigation possible links between Trump 's campaign associates and Russian officials .
Chaffetz went after Clinton relentlessly during the presidential campaign over their mishandling of classified information in emails . The Oversight Committee hauled Comey in for a public hearing shortly after the former FBI Director announced they would not recommend the Department of Justice bring charges against the former first lady .
Chaffetz had indicated they still wanted to investigate the Clinton email matter even after they lost the election . Since Trump assumed office , Chaffetz had stayed largely quiet about investigating the Trump administration until they announced last month they would not be seeking re-election in 2018 .
Contact Rahman at remarahman @ cqrollcall.com or follow them on Twitter at @ remawriter
No polarized sunglasses for pilots
Sunglasses are important protective devices for pilots . Sunglasses can reduce visual fatigue , thereby reducing the possibility of pilot error ( Nakagawara & wood , 2009 ) . A good pair of sunglasses can also protect the eyes and vision from ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation too .
So , there are many available varieties of sunglasses . But , how do you choose the right pair for flying ? Note and avoid : Polarized lenses eliminate reflected glare from a flat surface . However , looking through a laminated aircraft windscreen , while wearing polarized lenses , can result in a reduced retinal image ( Nakagawara & wood , 2009 ) . Also , some windscreen of the aircraft is already polarized , hence polarized sunglasses result in double polarization .
( From the FAA regarding polarized glasses )
Polarized lenses are not recommended for use in the aviation environment . While useful for blocking reflected light from horizontal surfaces such as water or snow , polarization can reduce or eliminate the visibility of instruments that incorporate anti-glare filters . Polarized lenses may also interfere with visibility through an aircraft windscreen by enhancing striations in laminated materials and mask the sparkle of light that reflects off shiny surfaces such as another aircraft 's wing or windscreen , which can reduce the time a pilot has to react in a “ see-and-avoid ” traffic situation . ( Airliners.net , 2009 )
More information :
FAA publication : Sunglasses for pilots : beyond the image . http : //www.faa.gov/pilots/safety/pilotsafetybrochures/media/sunglasses.pdf
FAA pilot safety brochure : Pilot vision . http : //www.faa.gov/pilots/safety/pilotsafetybrochures/media/Pilot_Vision.pdf
References :
Nakagawara , V.B . & wood , K.J . ( 2009 ) . Not All Sunglasses Are Created Equal . Retrieved 2 Oct , 2009 from http : //www.aoa.org/x5349.xml
Airliners.net . ( 2009 ) . Forum . Retrieved 1 Oct , 2009 from
http : //www.airliners.net/aviation-forums/aviation_polls/read.main/123141/
Sunday was the first time in 2016 that I was happy to be wrong about an important election . While I had predicted both the UK referendum and the US presidential elections to be close , I had not expected Brexit or Donald Trump to win . I did expect Norbert Hofer to win the re-run of the Austrian presidential elections , however , and was happily surprised at Alexander Van der Bellen 's quite comfortable victory .
Whatever the reasons for Hofer 's defeat – their speculation about an Öxit or Nigel Farage 's support of them – the results give us a chance to put the rise of rightwing populism into perspective and , more importantly , to try to change the increasingly self-defeating narrative surrounding it .
It 's important first to acknowledge that Hofer achieved the best result of any populist radical right candidate in an established European democracy . Their 46.2 % of the national vote is significantly above the best electoral result of their own party , the Austrian Freedom party ( FPÖ ) , which had already achieved a stunning 26.9 % in the 1999 parliamentary elections .
It is also well above the current FPÖ support in the polls ( roughly 35 % ) and the highest results of any populist radical right party in an established European democracy : 29.4 % for the Swiss People 's party ( SVP ) in 2015 . In short , this is no time for complacency . One battle is won but the war over liberal democracy is still very much on .
Within the new reality of an embattled liberal democracy , it is important to note that a populist radical right candidate has still not won a true electoral majority in any established democracy in the postwar era . Even Trump was , by American standards , handsomely defeated by Hillary Clinton in the popular vote . At the latest count Clinton received more than 2 million votes than Trump , which means they beat them by 2 % . That is almost five times bigger than the margin with which Al Gore lost the presidency in the highly contested elections of 2000 .
Austria 's quiet Green victory , trading in the politics of hope not fear | Molly Scott Cato Read more
The first important lesson to learn from this is that ( angry ) white men are not the voice of the people . After almost every election in which a populist radical right candidate or party does well , the media adopts an essentially populist frame in which “ the political establishment ” is claimed to be “ out of touch ” with “ the people ” . These ( real ) people are almost exclusively the core support base of the populist radical right – that is ( nativist ) white working-class men .
But the fact of the matter is that white working-class men are only a small minority of the electorate – even of the electorates of the more successful populist radical right parties . In fact , in most European countries white men are a minority of the population – and increasingly of the working class too . The fact that white men are still portrayed as the voice of the people says a lot about the media and punditry , which continue to be dominated by ( older ) white men .
But not only are nativist white men not the voice of the people , in both the Austrian and US presidential elections the majority of the voters supported candidates with an explicitly inclusive and positive socio-cultural message . Neither Clinton nor Van der Bellen pandered to the populist radical right by adopting nativist-light policies or rhetoric . They stood for a different Austria and America , inclusive and tolerant . And the majority of the people voted for that programme . Despite years of Islamophobic and xenophobic messages from much of the media , and the new political correctness that talks of a “ failed multiculturalism ” .
Rather than seeing Clinton and Van der Bellen as anomalies , blips in an inevitable trend towards populist radical right dominance , liberal democratic parties and politicians of all persuasions should learn lessons from their successes .
Similarly the continued popularity and power of Germany 's chancellor , Angela Merkel , despite the now dominant media narrative of “ an embattled leader ” , shows that a pro-refugee policy can be successfully defended , even when you almost stand alone .
Copying populist messages may work for one or two elections , if that , but will inflict lasting damage on liberal democracy in the long run . The vast majority of the people are looking for convincing and consistent policies that address the realities of today 's challenges in an inclusive and positive way .
Austria defeated the far-right Norbert Hofer – finally , some hope for Europe | Julia Ebner Read more
Populist radical right parties will remain a political reality for years , if not decades to come , particularly in the countries where they were already successful before the recent economic and refugees crises , but their core support is relatively limited . Liberal democratic parties should not sacrifice the interests and values of the majority of the people to endear themselves to the radical right . This hardly ever works anyway . As Jean-Marie Le Pen noted many decades ago : the people prefer the original over the copy . They will mainly take the pandering of liberal democratic parties as evidence that the illiberal democratic parties were right all along and that “ the establishment ” only acts when pressured by a strong populist radical right .
The past two years have been a catalyst of a longer ongoing transformation of western societies and politics . At the electoral level these have been the decrease in support for liberal democratic parties , the growing support for populist parties , and the ( sometimes sharp ) decrease in turnout . The coming years do n't simply have to be a continuation of this . But in order to prevent it , liberal democrats must learn the right lessons from the past – which , incidentally , are not those of the populist radical right ones . This starts by putting the rise of the far right in proper perspective , and by creating an inspiring , rather than a defeatist , narrative .
Microsoft corporate vice president Kudo Tsunoda , the creative director for Kinect who assumed leadership of multiple Xbox development teams earlier this year , is moving to a new role at the company , one that 's outside the Xbox group . Tsunoda 's new role , corporate vice president of Windows Apps Studio , will focus on applications across multiple Microsoft products , including Microsoft Edge and HoloLens .
The change was announced by Terry Myerson , executive vice president of Microsoft 's Windows and Devices Group , in an email to employees today .
According to a Microsoft spokesperson , Tsunoda 's new role will focus on improving human interaction methods , like voice and gesture , on Windows-powered devices and applications .
Replacing Tsunoda in their leadership role at Microsoft Studios are Hanno Lemke and Shannon Loftis . The two will now report directly to Phil Spencer , head of Xbox .
Lemke is currently general manager of Microsoft Studios Europe , overseeing European studios Lionhead , Lift London , Press Play and Rare . They previously led Gears of War studio The Coalition ( née Black Tusk ) . Loftis , general manager of Microsoft Studios Publishing , will now oversee the development teams behind Xbox titles Quantum Break , ReCore , Scalebound and Crackdown 3 .
Story highlights Marte Deborah Dalelv says they were sentenced to prison in Dubai after reporting they were raped
The Norwegian alleges they were attacked by a colleague after a night out on work trip
Norway 's foreign minister tells UAE their conviction `` is contrary to fundamental human rights ''
Dubai police and UAE authorities have not responded to CNN 's requests for comment
Norwegian interior designer Marte Deborah Dalelv has spoken out after being handed a 16-month prison sentence in Dubai -- after they went to police to report they had been raped by a colleague .
The 24-year-old was convicted and sentenced on charges of having unlawful sex , making a false statement and illegal consumption of alcohol .
Them story is dominating the headlines in Norway , and has raised serious questions over the way women who allege sexual assault are treated in the United Arab Emirates .
Dalelv , who had been working at an interior design firm in Qatar since September 2011 , told CNN on Saturday how a work trip to Dubai in March with three colleagues turned into a nightmare .
They said they had been out at a bar with their colleagues and friends , and asked a male colleague to walk them to their room when they returned at 3 a.m. to the hotel . She 'd asked them to escort them because the hotel was large and confusing , and they did n't want to be wandering on their own , knowing she 'd been drinking , they said .
This family handout photo taken in Abu Dhabi in May 2013 shows Norwegian business person Marte Deborah Dalelv , 24 .
When they reached a room , they realized it was n't theirs -- but the man then pulled them inside despite their vocal objections , according to Dalelv .
`` He dragged me by my purse in , so I thought , 'OK , I just need to calm the situation down . I will finish my bottle of water , I will sit here and then I will excuse myself and say I feel fine , ' '' they said .
That was pretty much the last thing they said they remember before the alleged sexual assault . `` I woke up with my clothes off , sleeping on my belly , and they were raping me . I tried to get off , I tried to get them off , but they pushed me back down . ''
After someone knocked -- the hotel wake-up call -- they managed to get dressed and make it downstairs to the hotel reception , Dalelv said . `` I called the police . That is what you do . We are trained on that from when we are very young , '' they said .
Some 10 or 12 male police officers arrived , but no female police officers were present , they said . Statements were taken from both Dalelv and the alleged rapist .
They were then taken to Bur Dubai police station , they said .
After again giving their version of events to officers , Dalelv said , `` They asked me , 'Are you sure you called the police because you just did n't like it ? ' I said , 'Well of course I did n't like it . ' That is when I knew , I do n't think they are going to believe me at all . ''
Dalelv says they were taken for an intimate medical exam and tested for alcohol consumption . Them belongings were taken and they were kept in jail for four days , they said , with no explanation as to why .
Dubai police and UAE government officials have not responded to repeated CNN requests for comment .
Dalelv said they managed to call their parents on the third day to tell them they had been raped and ask them to contact the Norwegian Embassy . A day later , a representative from the Norwegian consulate came to the police station and they were released -- but their passport was not returned .
A piece of paper with Arabic text was handed to her , they said . An Arabic speaker told them it listed two charges against her : one for sex outside of marriage and the other for public consumption of alcohol . Both are violations of the law in the United Arab Emirates .
It was the first time they were made aware that they faced charges , Dalelv said .
They were allowed out on bail and has been staying since at the Norwegian Seaman 's Center in Dubai .
Subsequently , they said their manager advised them to tell the police it was voluntary sexual intercourse and likely the whole issue would just go away . They followed the advice and in one of the many hearings at the public prosecutor 's office , they made a statement saying it was voluntary .
Dalelv was then charged with making a false statement .
`` That was my biggest regret because it was n't voluntary . I just thought it would all go away , '' they told CNN .
But a representative of Al Mana Interiors , who Dalelv worked for , told CNN that they were not advised by their manager to say the sex was consensual but rather by a police officer , who told them that in Arabic and it was translated into English by their manager .
Dalelv said a month after the rape , while forced to stay in Dubai as the case wound through the legal system , they were fired .
The representative , who declined to be publicly identified , said Dalelv and the Sudanese man they accused -- who is married with three children -- have both been terminated by Al Mana Interiors for `` drinking alcohol at a staff conference that resulted in trouble with the police . ''
A statement released late Saturday by Al Mana Interiors spokesperson Hani El Korek said the company was sympathetic to Dalelv `` during this very difficult situation . '' It also said that company representatives were by their side through the initial investigation , spending `` days at both the police station and the prosecutor 's office to help win them release . ''
`` Only when Ms. Dalelv declined to have positive and constructive discussions about their employment status , and ceased communication with their employer , was the company forced to end our relationship with her , '' the statement said .
`` The decision had nothing to do with the rape allegation , and unfortunately neither Ms. Dalelv nor their attorneys have chosen to contact the company to discuss their employment status . ''
The company is owned by Qatari billionaire Wissam Al Mana , who made headlines earlier this year after it was revealed that they have secretly married singer Janet Jackson in 2012 .
Dalelv was convicted Tuesday on all three charges and was sentenced to one year in jail for having unlawful sex , three months in jail for making a false statement and one month for illegal consumption of alcohol .
CNN could not immediately confirm what happened to the alleged perpetrator , who was charged with public intoxication and having sex outside of marriage .
Dalelv is scheduled to appear at the court on September 5 to begin the appeal proceedings . Dalelv , who is not allowed to leave the UAE pending the appeal , said their lawyers have instructed them to be prepared to go back into jail while they submit a request for bail while the appeal is ongoing .
As a rule , CNN does not identify victims of sexual assault , but Dalelv went public with my story .
Them conviction may risk wider diplomatic repercussions .
Norwegian Foreign Affairs Minister Espen Barth Eide called their UAE counterpart , Sheikh Abdullah Bin Zayed al-Nahyan , on Friday night to protest Dalelv 's sentencing , a statement from the Norwegian ministry said .
`` I emphasized that we believe that the conviction is contrary to fundamental human rights , including conventions that the UAE have officially ratified , '' Eide is quoted as saying .
`` Norway will continue to do what we can to support them in what is a very difficult situation . Our cooperation with the UAE is strong and good , but I conveyed to my colleague that we are worried that this difficult case may disturb our good relations if we do not reach a good solution in the near future . ''
Dalelv told CNN they received a call from Eide on Friday reiterating Norway 's support .
While Dubai has a reputation as a cosmopolitan city that boasts Western influences , where visitors can drink at bars and restaurants and unmarried couples can share hotel rooms , the country adheres to Islamic laws and traditions .
The United Arab Emirates has been heavily criticized by rights groups , which say it condones sexual violence against women . Human Rights Watch has called its record `` shameful , '' saying it must change the way it handles such cases .
In December 2012 , a British woman reported being raped by three men in Dubai . They were found guilty of drinking alcohol without a license and fined .
In January 2010 , a British woman told authorities they were raped by an employee at a Dubai hotel . They were charged with public intoxication and having sex outside of marriage .
An Australian woman reported in 2008 that they were drugged and gang-raped . They were convicted of having sex outside marriage and drinking alcohol , and they were sentenced to 11 months in prison .
Chromecast has had one of the most exciting releases a dongle has ever had . People are going 50 miles from their homes to buy it and it really does have the potential to be one of the most useful things you may ever plug into your television . If you do n't know what Chromecast is or what it can do , our own Josh Vergara has a review of the Chromecast for you to watch . It 's well known that the device can stream whatever is happening in a Chrome browser straight to your TV . Did you know that it can also do the entire desktop screen ?
Over at Droid-Life they took a look at an experimental feature that shares not just what 's happening in Chrome , but the entire desktop screen . This mirroring feature is , as mentioned , experimental , but they seem to be reporting that it 's working rather well . Want to give it a shot ? Here 's how you can do it .
Step 1 – You must first own a Chromecast .
Step 2 – Set up your Chromecast as you normally would .
Step 3 – Install the Chromecast extension for Chrome .
Step 4 – Open the Chromecast extension for Chrome . Then click the drop down arrow .
Step 5 – Select the “ Cast entire screen ( experimental ) ” option .
Step 6 – …
Step 7 – Profit !
Will Chromecast full screen work for me ?
Now as we 've stated several times already , this is an experimental feature so your mileage may vary . That said , this is a pretty awesome little feature and one that we hope Google finalizes . While sharing any browser tab in Chrome is great on its own , sharing whatever is happening on your desktop screen is the holy grail of wireless mirroring from your computer to your TV . Of course , since all the biggest apps we use every day , like Hulu , Netflix , Plex , etc all have web interfaces that we can easily share with the Chrome browser , this feature may not be all that big of a deal .
As always we want to hear what you think . The idea of the Chromecast was to share your Google Chrome tabs with your TV so you can stream stuff like YouTube and Netflix videos . Does this full desktop sharing feature make it even more of a $ 35 treasure ? If you want to talk about it , let us know in the comments .
3D Printing at Scale : The FUSE Pavilion
Sept. 6 , 2017 in News
This post was written by Formlabs applications engineer Amos Dudley . Amos worked with Formlabs designer Aashman Goghari to conceptualize , design , and fabricate the FUSE pavilion .
Scale means different things to different people . For product engineers and entrepreneurs , scale is about the quantity of units in production . For architects and designers , scale is about the size of the design , and how it relates to the people who inhabit or use it .
Selective laser sintering ( SLS ) technology opens up the possibility of 3D printing at scale in both senses of the word . Designers can densely pack builds to produce many parts at once , and each of those parts can be unique and respond to individual needs , since SLS printing eliminates the need for tooling .
To put SLS technology 's capabilities to the test , we decided to build a large pavilion structure to serve as a unique meeting space during the 2017 FUSE conference . We used the Fuse 1 SLS printer to produce more than a hundred unique construction modules en masse , which were assembled in four days to create a structure covering 150 square feet .
Read on to explore how we addressed the challenges and big questions that come along with the freedom of scaling .
Table of Contents
If You Can Create Any Shape , What Do You Make ?
All 3D shapes can be abstracted into meshes made of points , edges , and faces–that 's how an STL file represents a printable object . Usually , we try to design with enough resolution that the mesh disappears when the part is printed at a given size . But what happens if we use the facets of a mesh to our advantage , by automatically translating the STL into a structural system ?
Each point where edges intersect turns into a unique connector node , each edge becomes a strut , and each face becomes a panel . This concept gives us the freedom to fabricate nearly any shape at larger-than-human scales .
Making large stuff is fun , and we started off thinking about simply scaling up iconic objects . Our first ideas were a scaled up Stanford Bunny and a Formlabs logo . We eventually decided we wanted to create something with a more explicit purpose , so we started designing a pavilion for FUSE 2017 .
Structural Pavilion Design
We landed on a design derived from the equation for a mobius strip , revolved to create an enclosed meeting space surrounded by three large , sweeping blades . The blades become rigid and structural by adding a space frame to the rear side .
The pavilion is by far the largest structure that we know of made with Formlabs parts : at 15 ft across and 8.5 ft tall , it was able to fit three people comfortably inside .
Translucent HDPE panels transform the pavilion into an enclosed space .
Depending on how big you want to build , structural considerations quickly become important for frame construction . Some shapes are self-supporting for a given size and material , others need extra support on the inside or outside to be freestanding and rigid .
We chose materials that would help enable the design , which dramatically thrusts out and over the ground with no wire or columnar support . The connector nodes were printed on the Formlabs Fuse 1 in Nylon 12 , a lightweight , rigid , and extremely strong engineering thermoplastic .
What 's Possible with SLS 3D Printing ? Read more about the power of nylon , and when to consider using selective laser sintering over other additive and traditional manufacturing methods .
Learn About SLS Read more about the power of nylon , and when to consider using selective laser sintering over other additive and traditional manufacturing methods .
We selected hollow fiberglass tubing , another light , strong material , for the struts . The laser-cut HDPE panels were the heaviest component at almost 100 lbs ; before adding the panels , a single person could easily lift the entire structure .
How Do You Translate an STL Into a Structure ?
The curved surface of the pavilion is supported by a structural space frame .
We used Rhino to transform the basic NURBS surface into a space frame , which gives the surface rigidity and structure . By using parametric design to generate the form , we were able to adjust the “ resolution ” of the structure ( how many edges and faces approximate the surface ) on the fly . This is important , because resolution is related to cost and difficulty of assembly ( more on that later ) .
Learn to model strategies and software workflows for producing intricate architectural models in-house .
We used Grasshopper scripting in Rhino to generate the connector models and edge lengths . The module generation system works from a 3D mesh , which could be designed in any CAD software . A script takes into account the angle of nearby edges to set the length of the positive features on the connector , to prevent our round struts from intersecting . It also generates a part number , which is automatically embossed on each connector .
Download the Grasshopper script for Rhino
We optimized the underlying shape of the connector nodes for weight and printing efficiency . While a solid round outside connector would be very strong , it would also take up the most space when printing and use the most material . The inside connector node design uses the least material and has the lowest print time .
Three connector options : outside , optimized outside , and inside .
Achieving the panel shapes was much simpler , using the Unroll function in Rhino on the original surface to get a 2D vector laser cutting diagram . With a folder full of connector models , a list of edge lengths , and a drawing of our panels , we could start fabricating the structure .
How Do You Fabricate Hundreds of Unique Parts ?
All 144 of the 3-inch Nylon 12 connectors for our pavilion are printable in a single build on the Fuse 1 in 36 hours . SLS 3D printing technology does n't require supports , so the full build volume can be used to print hundreds of unique parts at once . We hope our pavilion connectors represent the future possibilities of mass custom manufacturing , where each part can respond to unique and individual needs .
3D Part Packing
Fitting 144 irregular parts into a build requires a technique more sophisticated than naively stacking them . Fortunately , using 3D part packing algorithms , we can compute optimized arrangements of parts where they nest closely against each other . This strategy has long existed as a way to get the most efficiency out of the million-dollar SLS printers of the past .
We tried several off-the-shelf solutions for part packing , with mixed results . Netfabb uses a Monte Carlo Search to pack , and had the best results of the commercial solutions we found . We were able to fit about 50 nodes into the Fuse 1 with Netfabb . However , Netfabb struggled with the concave geometry of our connector nodes , and the simulation also took the better part of a day .
Ideally the connector nodes would nest close together with overlapping concavity . To achieve this , we built a physics simulation in the Blender engine to pack connectors into a virtual print volume . The connector nodes move and rotate when they intersect , and come to rest when they are free from any overlap .
We used a physics simulation in Blender to optimize packing parts into the Fuse 1 build volume .
The parts wiggle chaotically until none of the parts in the entire set overlap . The entire simulation takes about a minute .
We greatly sped up the packing simulation by using simplified proxy models to calculate collisions , rather than the final high-resolution connector nodes . This method does n't guarantee a mathematically optimal solution , but it works well . Most importantly , we were able to fit almost three times the number of connector nodes into a single build volume .
Even at the fabrication stage , we used the strengths of parametric design to find a resolution of parts that would fit our timeline and project scope . The best resolution gave a good impression of the 3D curved shape , fit all the parts into the build , and could be completed in a week-long fabrication schedule . By speeding up part packing and increasing efficiency , we had much more flexibility to iterate on the shape of the final structure .
Learn more about how to set up part packing in free software on Amos 's blog
After the 2017 FUSE Conference , Michael Fogleman ( hacker extraordinaire ) , who now works at Formlabs , released an open-source solution for 3D part packing . Automatic part packing will be included in PreForm for the Fuse 1 .
Printing Large Volumes in SLA
We could have used an off-the-shelf part for the panel hanging hardware , but we had a short schedule and geometric needs specific to our design . We decided to fabricate our hangers using stereolithography ( SLA ) 3D printing in Durable Resin .
More than 500 panel hangers were printed in five builds on the Form 2 in Durable Resin .
We used the Form 2 to rapidly create 505 custom hangers in several days . We designed the parts to stack in 3D in CAD , and let PreForm handle support generation , allowing us to print 98 hangers in a single print . Removing the part from supports was as simple as tearing off a piece of perforated paper .
Form Cell , Formlabs ' new solution for automating part production with stereolithography , was in development throughout fabrication of the pavilion , but would have expedited the hanger printing process . Learn more about automated 3D print production .
How Do You Assemble a Huge Kit of Parts ?
Assembling the space frame at Formlabs HQ .
The hardest part of creating a large modular structure is the assembly .
Three people spent six hours a day for four days constructing the pavilion . We took the guesswork out of building the frame by projecting a 3D diagram of the structure on the wall and pre-sorting all of the parts . Even so , the build was a test of spatial reasoning and patience ; simply finding and orienting each part in physical space took considerable time .
With a small budget and a structure of manageable size , we chose to tackle construction through manual labor , but what if someone wanted to build even bigger , or make structures with higher resolution and detail ? Robotics might have the answer–machines are much better than humans at moving parts to precise locations , and architects are already starting to build structures with robotic fabrication .
The Future of Digital Manufacturing and Architecture
As designers , we imagine a future where converting a digital-spatial concept to a physical reality is seamless and automatic , like 3D printing . The construction system used to build the FUSE pavilion can also be applied to interior design , furniture , sculpture , and more . When we combine tomorrow 's construction methods with digital fabrication tools like the Fuse 1 , there will be nothing standing in the way of architects and any form imaginable .
Project Rap Rabbit brings two celebrated rhythm game designers together under one , crowdfunded roof . For Nintendo Switch owners excited about the upcoming collaboration between the creators of Parappa the Rapper , Osu ! Tatakae ! Ouendan ! and other franchises , its new Kickstarter campaign 's stretch goals are n't leaving them with much confidence .
The combination action and rhythm game has an initial campaign goal set at $ 1.1 million . Reaching that benchmark will enable the development team to launch the historical hip-hop title on both PlayStation 4 and Windows PC , with other platforms left as stretch goals .
That 's a standard practice , but some big fans of Keiichi Yano ( Ouendan , Gitaroo Man ) and Masaya Matsuura ( Parappa the Rapper ) are n't happy with how high the bars are set . To get the game onto Xbox One , the team is asking for $ 3.1 million . The Nintendo Switch version — which will also add three exclusive costumes along with it — requires $ 4.95 million in funding .
At nearly five times the initial ask , Switch owners longing to play a narrative-based rhythm game on the console balked at the stretch goal .
I just read the kickstarter for project rap rabbit and it 's getting me interested though the goal for the switch version is too much — Oscar Pinal ( @ oscarpinal13 ) May 15 , 2017
Disappointed Project Rap Rabbit 's Switch version is a very high tiered Stretch Goal . Rhythm games just play best on handhelds due to latency — Tyler 's Gestalt ( @ tylerohlew ) May 15 , 2017
I think Project Rap Rabbit will reach it 's goal but those Xbox One and Switch version stretch goals will be tough to reach . — [ TGG ] Justin ( @ PSN_Mercenary09 ) May 15 , 2017
Almost 5 million for a Switch port of Project Rap Rabbit , are you serious pic.twitter.com/dXyRjZg79v — Pixelbuster ( @ PixelMatt64 ) May 15 , 2017
@ Wario64 @ poik007 Jeeeeez that 's a huge middle finger to people who want things on Switch . Not until they 've exhausted literally ever other option . — Matt Pierce ( @ mausmalone ) May 15 , 2017
Although Project Rap Rabbit is doing alright for itself thus far — it 's grossed just shy of $ 50,000 at time of writing , with 35 days to go — nearly $ 5 million is a lot to task from potential backers . Nintendo 's new hybrid console could certainly benefit from more rhythm games , especially one with such prestige behind it . Wishful Switch fans are reminding themselves that , as unlikely as hitting the stretch goal by the game 's estimated August 2018 release may seem , they just got ta believe .
Update : An FAQ on Project Rap Rabbit 's Kickstarter page explains the Nintendo Switch situation in more detail .
This is the team 's response to the $ 4.9 million ask , in full :
Share Pinterest
Email
The 2017 Subaru Impreza goes on sale before the end of the year and will only come in $ 100 more expensive than last year . The base model with the manual will sticker for $ 19,215 . The CVT adds $ 1,000 . The most expensive 2.0i Limited starts at $ 25,415 . Both prices include destination .
The four- and five-door Imprezas ride on Subaru 's new global platform and all will work with a 2.0-liter boxer-four making 152 hp vs. 148 hp for the last model and get 38 mpg on the highway with a continuously variable transmission . Subaru 's CVT is better than most , and this Impreza gets paddle shifters to better control it . Five-speed manual models go on sale early in 2017 .
The Impreza will arrive with four trim levels : 2.0i , 2.0i Premium , 2.0i Sport and 2.0i Limited . The base model has a good selection of standard features including Apple CarPlay/Android Auto , power locks , mirrors and windows , split-folding rear seats and the like .
The Premium trim adds bigger wheels , Subaru 's Starlink safety features , heated front seats and automatic headlights . The Sport gets 18-inch wheels , exclusive suspension tuning and torque vectoring , along with black body accents , LED daytime running lights and turn-signal side mirrors . Inside , the Sport gets an 8-inch multimedia system , accenting stitching , keyless start and a few other bits .
Finally , we have the Limited trim . It gets a different set of daytime running LEDs , 17-inch wheels and more chrome on the outside . In the cabin , buyers will be treated to contrasting stitching , a power driver 's seat , automatic climate control and a different gauge cluster .
Navigation by TomTom and Subaru 's EyeSight safety features are both optional . With all the options checked , you 're looking at a price of around $ 30,000 .
We 'll get more news of the hi-po WRX and STI models soon .
The 2017 Subaru Impreza gets a tiny bump in power .
A group of North Carolina House legislators , hoping to make it harder for teens to get addicted to nicotine , wants to raise the minimum age for buying cigarettes and vaping products to 21 .
House Bill 435 , which has bipartisan support , would make it illegal for people under 21 in North Carolina to buy or receive tobacco products , tobacco-derived products , vapor products and cigarette wrapping papers unless they 're active-duty military members .
Laws raising the age to 21 have been passed in many U.S. cities and in Hawaii and California , and a measure is making its way through the Oregon legislature .
Raising the age in North Carolina may prove harder than in states without deep connections to the golden-leafed crop , but bill sponsor Rep. Gregory Murphy , a Greenville Republican , said they have good support for the measure .
“ North Carolina has a very tobacco rich history , and it 's helped build the state , but we now know the risks , ” they said . “ Nicotine is one of the most addictive substances on the earth , and kids get addicted to nicotine with vaping . ”
Murphy , a urologic surgeon , said they have seen first-hand how smoking can cause a range of illnesses and damage the health of the state 's residents .
“ If I was not helping lead the charge to have a healthier life for the citizens of North Carolina , I would not be doing my job , ” they said .
The bill would impose a fine of $ 25 on a store if it does n't post a sign stating the age limit near the sales counter , and a $ 75 fine for each subsequent offense . It also would charge people who sell tobacco with a class 2 misdemeanors if they do n't ask for proof of age .
Federal statistics show that nearly nine of 10 cigarette smokers first tried smoking by age 18 . Raising the age could keep people who have n't started by 21 from ever picking up the habit , they said .
The bill 's primary sponsors are Republicans Bert Jones of Reidsville , Donny Lambeth of Winston Salem , Holly Grange of Wilmington and Kevin Corbin , who represents the state 's four most western counties . Since it was filed Wednesday , Wake Republican Linda Hunt Williams and Democrats Susan C. Fisher of Asheville , Elmer Floyd of Fayetteville and Verla Insko of Chapel Hill have added their support .
If approved , the bill includes a step-up period where the minimum age would increase gradually over the next three years , so anyone who is 18 or older on Jan. 1 , 2018 , would still be able to buy tobacco .
The law excludes active-duty members of the armed forces , because the military is a federal institution that is already working on reducing tobacco use in its ranks , Murphy said .
“ We 're going to let them do their job , and we 're going to do our state job , ” they said .
The bill comes on the heels of HB 276 , filed this month , which would allocate $ 17 million each year for a new “ tobacco use prevention fund ” that would include school programs and other educational efforts about the health hazards of e-cigarettes and traditional tobacco products .
A similar ad campaign credited with cutting high school cigarette-smoking rates from 31.6 percent in 1999 to 15.5 percent in 2011 was defunded in 2012 .
The high-school cigarette-smoking rate has continued to fall , to 9.3 percent in 2015 . But e-cigarettes have been growing in popularity among high school students , from 1.7 percent of high school students using them in 2011 to 16.8 percent in 2015 .
If HB 276 passes , funding would go to tobacco use prevention programs run by churches , schools , public health departments and nonprofit groups . Some of it would be used to study the effectiveness of the state 's programs .
Hello ,
Small Update : Yesterday snoozed a bit longer than planned , one of the pets is sick and I 've been sleep deprived to tend them ( she is starting to heal ) , took advantage on this last days to perform a couple of interviews and been writing what is the longest article I 've done so far , it has over 1100 words already and I have n't yet gotten to the most interesting part . Also yesterday , SilentStalker wrote an update in FTR , my answer to having their historical articles is a most definitely “ Heck yeah ” ! And talking about historical articles , got a 3 part coming in ! Anyway…
There 's a new tank in Supertest , tier 2 T-45 Soviet Light Tank and is presumably an anniversary reward .
Description :
Modernized version of the T-60 . The difference from the original version was in the improved turret armor and the installation of the 45mm 1938 pattern gun paired with a DT machinegun . The vehicle was however declared obsolete in June 1942 after comparative trials with the T-70 and it was never mass-produced . The prototype was sent to the front .
Statistics :
Tier : 2 MT
Hitpoints : 150
Engine : 85 hp
Weight : 6.8 tons
Power-to-weight : 12,5 hp/t
Maximum speed : 41/15 km/h
Hull traverse : 52 deg/s
Turret traverse : 34 deg/s
Terrain resistance : 1,055/1,151/2,014
Viewrange : 300
Radio range : 782,1
Hull armor : 25/15/ ( ? )
Turret armor : 35/35/ ( ? )
Gun : 45 mm 20K ( L )
Damage : 47/47/62
Penetration : 51/84/23
ROF : 23,077
DPM : 1084,6
Reload : 2,6
Accuracy : 0,4
Aimtime : 1,9
Depression : -6/+20
Armor :
Extra In-game Screenshots :
Video :
Elizabeth Warren 's Senate colleagues have been talking them up as a potential Vice Presidential pick for Hillary Clinton . | Getty Senate Democrats tout Warren for VP A growing number of the Massachusetts senator 's colleagues are openly backing them for the ticket .
A growing number of Senate Democrats are openly backing Elizabeth Warren to join Hillary Clinton 's ticket , seeing them as a unity pick for Democrats after a bruising presidential primary between the party 's presumptive nominee and Bernie Sanders .
Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley , the sole Senate Democrat to endorse Sanders , argued that choosing Warren for the vice presidential slot would help bring supporters of the Vermont senator behind Clinton 's campaign . Sanders ' political base is the same grass-roots coalition that has made Warren a hero of the left .
Story Continued Below
“ She 'd be a terrific vice president , ” Merkley said Thursday . “ She 'd be a great vice president and would be terrific in terms of having a spokesperson for the very powerful ideas that have mobilized the grass roots . ”
Recently , Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( D-Nev. ) has been privately boosting Warren , even going as far as to research Massachusetts law to see how long their Senate seat would turn to GOP control if they did ascend to the vice presidency . Republican Gov . Charlie Baker would pick an interim replacement .
Though Reid has some “ concern ” about losing the Massachusetts Senate seat for a couple of months , the retiring Nevada Democrat believes adding Warren to the presidential ticket would help Democrats gain more Senate seats overall , a source close to Reid said Thursday .
Reid said the choice was up to Clinton , but nevertheless had warm words for Warren .
“ Hillary Clinton has not only Elizabeth Warren to choose from , but a lot of very good women , ” Reid said Thursday . “ I have such admiration for Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren . It 's hard for me to convey that to you . ”
Added Democratic Sen. Ed Markey , Warren 's home-state colleague : “ She would be an excellent pick . She 's smart , she 's tough , and they ... would help to add a magical quality to the ticket . ”
Still , Warren for VP is not a unanimous view in the Senate Democratic caucus . Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia said that while Warren is a `` good friend , '' a more centrist choice would help rally moderates .
`` [ Virginia Sen. ] Tim Kaine would be my choice . Tim Kaine would be a better fit for where we are today to bring moderates and independents on board , '' Manchin said .
Clinton themselves showered praise on Warren Thursday , telling POLITICO that they have `` the highest regard '' for the Massachusetts senator and calling them `` an incredible public servant , eminently qualified for any role . ''
Warren has increasingly taken on an attack -dog role in the campaign , and they will formally endorse Clinton Thursday night in an MSNBC interview .
The Massachusetts senator , who was first elected in 2012 after creating the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under the Obama administration , has incessantly needled Donald Trump on Twitter .
This week in particular , Warren has stepped up their attacks against the presumptive GOP presidential nominee and has seemed , at times , to be auditioning for the VP role . They took to the Senate floor on Wednesday to chastise Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) and Senate Republicans for blocking judicial nominees .
Later Thursday , Warren will crank up their anti-Trump fusillade another level . In a speech to the American Constitution Society , they plan to tee off on Trump 's recent attacks against a federal judge in Indiana who is overseeing a case accusing Trump University of fraud . She 'll call Trump a “ loud , nasty , thin-skinned fraud , ” according to prepared remarks .
Other Democrats question whether Warren is prepared to be a heartbeat away from the presidency .
Former Pennsylvania Gov . Ed Rendell said this week that Warren lacks foreign policy experience and is “ not in any way , shape , or form ready to be commander in chief . ”
Some Senate Democrats batted away the notion that Warren lacks the credentials .
“ She 'd be a great pick , ” Michigan Sen. Gary Peters said . “ The key thing is that Secretary Clinton just has to pick someone who is qualified to be a vice president . They certainly would be . ”
Kaine , another person frequently mentioned for Clinton 's VP short list , said “ it would be smart to consider somebody as talented as Elizabeth . ”
Warren 's office declined to comment on other senators ' comments .
It 's unclear , of course , what Clinton thinks of Warren as a potential No . 2 .
“ I particularly do n't see it happening , ” one Democratic senator said . “ I do n't know if they have that kind of relationship . ”
With a slate of potential vice presidential picks in the Senate Democratic Caucus — such as Kaine , and Sens . Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Cory Booker of New Jersey — many of their co-workers are n't choosing sides .
“ I have so many colleagues that would be terrific . Asking me to pick between them would be asking me to pick between my children , ” said Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D-Mo . ) when asked about Warren . “ I think there 's probably half a dozen that are really great . She 's certainly on that list . ”
This new image from the Gemini South telescope in Chile captures a pair of galaxies locked in a graceful waltz that will eventually bring the two crashing together .
The telescope was aimed at these galaxies at the suggestion of a group of Australian students at the Sydney Girls High School Astronomy Club , who won a Gemini-sponsored contest searching for beautiful and scientifically useful images of the cosmos .
These galaxies are `` more than just a pretty picture , '' the students wrote . The main galaxy , NGC 6872 , is one of the largest barred spiral galaxies known , extending 700,000 light-years from tip to tip . Astronomers think the galaxy was stretched by the gravitational pull of its smaller companion , spiral galaxy IC 4970 ( right ) .
Over the next few hundreds of millions of years , NGC 6872 's spiral arms will collapse back into the galaxy 's center , and IC 4970 will be swallowed up by its larger neighbor . Such cannibalism is common among galaxies . Our own Milky Way is in the process of devouring several of its smaller companions , and will eventually smash into and merge with the nearby spiral galaxy Andromeda .
Galactic collisions often trigger a burst of new star formation . The extended fingers of NGC 6872 's spiral arms already display the blue light of young star clusters . The winning high schoolers suggested exploring these young stellar neighborhoods with color images from Gemini .
`` If enough color data is obtained in the image it may reveal easily accessible information about the different populations of stars , star formation , relative rate of star formation due to the interaction , and the extent of dust and gas present in these galaxies , '' the students wrote .
When viewers consider this image `` in contrast to their daily life , '' the students added , `` there is a significant possibility of a new awareness or perception of the age and scale of the universe , and their part in it . ''
Image : Sydney Girls High School Astronomy Club , Travis Rector ( University of Alaska , Anchorage ) , Ángel López-Sánchez ( Australian Astronomical Observatory/Macquarie University ) , and the Australian Gemini Office .
See Also :
India 's Supreme Court raise questions over tardy pace in rape case against Asaram
Sharelines
New Delhi : The Supreme Court on Monday expressed anguish over the tardy pace of progress in a rape case involving self-styled religious figure Asaram Bapu and asked the Gujarat government to file a progress report on it .
The apex court , which has earlier rejected several bail pleas by Asaram and was hearing one more moved by him , also questioned the state government on why the victim in the case has not yet been examined . `` Why is there a delay despite the earlier direction for expeditious trial ? Why has the victim not been examined so far , '' a bench of Justices N. V. Ramana and Amitava Roy said . It told the Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta , appearing for Gujarat government , that directions for expediting recording of evidence were given in April . `` Why has the victim 's statement not been recorded in the case so far . They are the most crucial witness in the case , '' the bench observed.Mehta told the bench that two crucial witnesses have been killed , one is missing and 17 others injured in alleged attacks . The woman will be examined by the court after ensuring their safety , they said , adding that out of 92 material witnesses , over 45 of them have been examined so far . Advocate Saurabh Ajay Gupta appearing for self-styled guru said that they have to prove the defence of their client ( Asaram ) and it is only after the victim is examined , they can press for bail.Senior advocate Sanjay Hegde , representing the victim , sought speedy trial of the case and said that the Court should issue a direction to examine the prosecutrix before September 23 , which is the next date of hearing of the case before trial court.The bench then asked the state government to file an affidavit detailing the stage of trial and how it wished to move forward in the case . It then posted the matter for further hearing after Diwali.On April 12 , the apex court had asked the Gujarat trial court to expedite the recording of evidence of prosecution witnesses in a physical assault case lodged by two Surat-based sisters against Asaram . It had asked the Surat trial court to record the testimonies of the 46 remaining prosecution witnesses , including the alleged rape victims.Earlier , the top court had refused to grant bail to Asaram on various grounds including their poor health in two separate assault cases lodged in Rajasthan and Gujarat.The apex court , while dismissing their bail plea on January 30 , had observed that Asaram had placed a `` fictitious document '' to persuade the court to grant them bail and ordered registration of an FIR against those responsible for preparing and filing the alleged fake papers.The Gujarat Government had then told the top court that the rape case registered against Asaram would very likely proceed in an expeditious manner and trial would be completed within six months.The two Surat-based sisters had lodged separate complaints against Asaram and their son Narayan Sai , accusing them of rape and illegal confinement among other charges . The elder sister , in their complaint against Asaram , had accused them of repeated physical assaults between 2001 and 2006 when they were staying at their ashram near Ahmedabad.In the case in Rajasthan , a teenage girl had accused them of rape at their ashram in Manai village near Jodhpur . The girl , who belonged to Shahjahanpur in Uttar Pradesh , was a student living in the ashram.The apex court had noted that trial in the matter was unnecessarily prolonged and the prosecution witnesses were being attacked , which had led to the death of two witnesses . The apex court had on November 18 last year sought the response of the Centre and five states on a plea seeking a CBI probe into the alleged murder of children and attacks on several witnesses in the Asaram rape cases.Asaram was arrested by Jodhpur Police on August 31 , 2013 and has been in jail since then .
They 're hiding in your closet : the beaded '80s dress you wore once to a New Years bash , last season 's sandals that you 're now neglecting , and a blouse that no longer fits . Instead of letting the garments collect dust , why do n't you sell your castaways online ? That way , your garments can find new , loving owners . But how do you communicate fit to potential buyers when the sizing of vintage items changes by decade , or describe the condition of your more well-worn secondhand pieces ? There 's also the predicament of which platform to use : on Etsy , you can tap into a community of artisans ; on eBay , you can boost profits by having sellers outbid each other ; and on a new site called Wiseling , you can promote your clothing to shoppers who are specifically looking for vintage items . We asked the experts—professional online vintage retailers—for their top tips on selling vintage and secondhand clothing over the web .
Study before you sell .
`` There are many people selling vintage online , but there are only a few who are educated about garment dating and fabric composition , '' says Lauren Naimola , owner of the Etsy shop Dear Golden . `` Learn as much as possible about vintage garments first . ''
`` Do your research , '' adds Kristina Franco , owner of the Etsy shop Allen Company . `` Knowing vintage labels , silhouettes , styles , fabrics , and designers is half of the fun . ''
Decide on a platform .
`` We love the auction format of eBay—letting customers set their own prices and starting bidding wars , '' say Corina Bilandzija and Genevieve Dodge , owners of the eBay shop Mint Mall .
`` Etsy appeals to me because it 's smaller and has a built-in customer base , '' says Franco . `` On Etsy , it is n't solely about the product , but the entire shop experience . ''
`` Wiseling is different from other sites in that we 're catered to fashion , '' says Chelsey Bingham , the creator of a new vintage marketplace , Wiseling.com . `` In addition to creating a place for people to be able to search for exactly what they are looking for through very specific filters , we 're also trying to capture the discovery process that happens when you are shopping in like a thrift store or a flea market . ''
Choose clothes that are on-trend or from particular decade .
`` Find a niche : sell items that correspond to each other , '' says Franco . `` Some sellers focus on specific decades , styles , colors or type of item . ''
`` Choose items that are trending right now , '' adds Bingham . `` That 's what people want . ''
Photograph items clearly .
`` High-quality pictures are very important , '' say Laura Mae and Amanda Jean , owners of the Etsy shop MaeJean Vintage . `` Utilize natural light and capture the images with a quality camera . ''
Take specific measurements of clothing .
`` It is n't easy to convey all the lovely aspects of a garment on a computer screen , '' says Naimola . `` Many people want to feel the garment and try it on , so you have to be exhaustive in the way you render the garment visually as well as describe it . Measurements are provided for every garment . A dress is measured at the shoulders , bust , waist , hip and length . Every girl should know their measurements , especially if they want to shop online . ''
`` We are encouraging our sellers to not only attribute the size it says on the tag , but also attribute to other sizes , '' adds Bingham . `` The tag may say a size 8 , but it fits like a 2 . ''
Provide accurate details about the condition of your items .
`` Build a good reputation , '' says Franco . `` Accurately portray your items and be upfront and honest about the details . This is the only way to gain the trust of buyers who are already faced with the challenge of buying something they can not try on or inspect . A good reputation goes a long way ! ''
Men have higher death rates than women for all of the leading causes of death , with the exception of Alzheimer 's disease .
This gender imbalance can be attributed to men 's lifestyle choices and their approach to health . The majority of smokers are male ; men are more likely to drink unhealthy levels of alcohol , use illegal drugs and have a poor diet . Men are also more likely than women to be exposed to occupational health hazards , and less likely to visit their doctor , especially for mental health problems .
Men must educate themselves more on the greatest risks to their health and understand that many chronic health conditions can be prevented .
Heart Disease
Heart or cardiovascular disease refers to conditions related to the process of atherosclerosis , where plaque builds up in the walls of the arteries . This build up narrows the arteries , forcing the heart to work harder to pump blood , and potentially stopping blood flow if a clot forms .
Blocked blood vessels can lead to a heart attack , chest pain or stroke . Other heart conditions , such as those that affect the heart 's muscle , valves or rhythm , also are considered forms of heart disease .
More men die from heart disease than women . Under age 65 , three times more men than women die from heart attacks .
While many men may be unaware that they suffer from heart disease until a health incident occurs , there are red flags they should be aware of to better detect heart problems during the earliest and most treatable phases .
Possible symptoms of heart disease
• Breathlessness after moderate exercise
• Chest pain
• Tiring easily
• Pain or tingling in the upper extremities
• Fluttering in the chest
• Light-headedness or dizziness
Risk factors for heart disease
• High blood pressure
• High cholesterol
• Diabetes and prediabetes
• Smoking
• Being overweight or obese
• Being physically inactive
• Having a family history of early heart disease
• Unhealthy diet
Heart disease is easier to treat when detected early . If you are experiencing any of the symptoms of heart disease , you have a family history of heart disease or you are concerned about your heart health , talk to your doctor about steps you can take to reduce your heart disease risk .
Cancer
In general men have a higher probability of developing cancer than women , and are also more likely to die from the disease . The main reasons for this gender imbalance can be attributed to lifestyle factors and men being more likely to ignore symptoms and less willing to visit their doctor .
It is vital that men make themselves aware of the symptoms of common male cancers and understand the risk factors .
Prostate cancer
Possible symptoms
• Reduced or weak urine flow
• Frequent urination
• Pain passing urine
• Blood in urine
However – most prostate cancers in early stages do not produce any symptoms at all – that 's why it is vital to follow the recommended check up routine .
Risk factors
• Age – risk increases with age
• Overweight and obesity
• Race – black men have a higher risk
• Family history of prostate cancer
Lung cancer
Possible symptoms
• Persistent cough
• Coughing up blood
• Weight loss
• Chest pain
Risk factors
• Smoking
• Exposure to second hand smoke
• Exposure to radon gas and asbestos
Bowel cancer
Possible symptoms
• Bleeding from back passage
• Abdominal pain
• Change in bowel habits
Risk factors
• Smoking
• High red meat diet
• Low fibre diet
• High alcohol consumption
• Overweight and obesity
Skin cancer
Possible symptoms
• Changes in size , shape or colour of moles
• Itchy mole
• Inflamed or bleeding mole
Risk factors
• Sun exposure
• Sunbed use
Accidental Death
Men are twice as likely as women to die due to an accident . Though a leading cause of death for men , many unintentional injuries can be easily prevented .
Risk Factors
• Falls
• Impaired driving
• Fire
Preventative steps
• Be aware of hazards that can lead to a fall
• Have a yearly eye check
• Never drink and drive
• Always wear a seatbelt
• Install Smoke Alarms
• Ensure heating units and wiring are professionally installed
Suicide
Suicide rates are four times higher for men than women , this gender imbalance can be attributed to men 's decision to use deadlier means when choosing a suicide method and their unwillingness to speak to their doctor .
Depression is one of the most important risk factors in male suicide . Unfortunately , male depression is under-diagnosed because men are less likely to seek help .
Symptoms for men at risk of suicide
• Depression
• Becoming socially withdrawn
• Suffered a recent life crisis
• Personality changes
• Feelings of worthlessness
• Alcohol or drug abuse
• Frequent thoughts about death
Preventative steps
You ca n't just ‘ get over ' depression , it is disease which can be conquered by reaching out for some help .
• Talk to your doctor
• Talk to family and friends
• Exercise , eat well and get plenty of sleep
• Do n't ignore stress – it may be hard to avoid , but it can be dealt with
• Know your limits – it is ok to ask for help
• Do n't self-medicate – do n't turn to alcohol , tobacco or drugs
Prevention
Prevention is key when it comes to men 's health . Men must take time to look after themselves and be aware of lifestyle adjustments that have significant positive impacts on overall health , reduce health risk , warn about potential problems and increase longevity .
Small steps can keep men on a healthier path :
Be more physically active
Making time for physical activity is very important for overall health . Maintaining a physically active lifestyle reduces the risk associated with many physical and mental illnesses including , heart disease , diabetes and depression . Aim to be active for at least 30 minutes every day with these practical tips :
• Try cycling , jogging or walking part of the journey to work
• Always take the stairs or walk up the escalator
• Get active at lunchtime – try walking or jogging with a colleague
• Allocate some time every evening for exercise – it 's good for body and mind
Eat a healthier diet
A healthy balanced diet is essential for overall health . A main meal should consist of three-quarters vegetables , beans or grains and one-quarter meat , fish or protein , try to choose water over other beverages .
Reduce salt intake and try to avoid too much sugar rich and processed foods .
Less than 25 % of men eat the recommended 5 a day . Most fruit and veg contains necessary nutrients , is low in calories and is high in fibre , ideal for maintaining or attaining a healthy weight . Aim to eat at least 5 portions of fruit and veg per day with these practical tips :
• Add bananas or berries to breakfast cereal
• Cook more meals from scratch
• Blend vegetables and beans to make soups and sauces
• Keep a well-stocked and easily accessible fruit bowl
Drink alcohol in moderation
A glass of wine with dinner or a pint of beer after work can become a normal part of day-to-day life .
As well as contributing to unhealthy weight gain , alcohol has been linked to several chronic diseases , including some cancers .
It 's ok to have an occasional drink , but aim to drink in moderation with these practical tips :
• Drink slowly – enjoy your drink and avoid downing it too quickly
• Drink smaller measures
• Finish a drink before topping up – helps keep track of quantity consumed
• Dilute drinks – add tonic water to spirits or lemonade to lager
• Drink a glass of water between alcoholic drinks
Stop smoking
If you smoke , stop today . Cigarette smoking damages almost every organ of the body , causes many diseases , and reduces the health of smokers in general .
On average , smokers will die 10 years earlier than non-smokers . By quitting , smokers lower their risk for smoking-related diseases and can add years to their lives .
Speak with your doctor or local smoking cessation group for advice and help on quitting .
Learn to relax
Men are more likely to avoid and ignore mental and emotional issues than women . Not dealing with stress from work , family , relationships or finances can cause or worsen physical conditions .
Men must equip themselves with healthy strategies for coping with life 's ups and downs .
• Get adequate sleep every night
• Practice mindfulness
• Practice controlled breathing
• Always ask for help when needed
• Talk to your doctor or someone you trust if you find stress overwhelming
It is important that men attend regular routine check-ups with their doctor , let the doctor know if they are experiencing any changes ( no matter how insignificant ) and speak with the doctor about preventative tests .
Do n't put off visits to the doctor , if you are experiencing health problems or need help making healthy lifestyle changes , call your doctor today .
For more than 45 years the Shortwave radio spectrum has been used by the world 's intelligence agencies to transmit secret messages . These messages are transmitted by hundreds of “ Numbers Stations ” .
Shortwave Numbers Stations are a perfect method of anonymous , one way communication . Spies anywhere in the world can be communicated to by their masters via small , locally available , and unmodified Shortwave receivers . The encryption system used by Numbers Stations , known as a “ one time pad ” is unbreakable . Combine this with the fact that it is almost impossible to track down the message recipients once they are inserted into the enemy country , it becomes clear just how powerful the Numbers Station system is .
One might think that these espionage activities should have wound down considerably since the official “ end of the cold war ” , but nothing could be further from the truth . Numbers Stations ( and by inference , spies ) are as busy as ever .
Now Irdial-Discs is releasing The Conet Project : Recordings of Shortwave Numbers Stations / 1111 , a special edition of the legendary first comprehensive collection of Numbers Stations recordings ever released to the public , updated and augmented with a new 5th CD of unreleased recordings .
This Quintuple CD is an important historical reference work for research into this hitherto unreported and unknown field of espionage . Many of the stations on the CD have ceased operations , and can no longer be heard . The new package consists of the 4 original Conet Project CDs containing 150 recordings of Numbers Stations spanning the twenty years up to the release of the original set in 1997 , an 80 page , perfect bound booklet , 4 post cards , plus a new 5th CD of 26 previously unreleased recordings of bizarre ‘ Noise Stations ' , and a new 8 page booklet accompanying the 5th CD .
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Monday reaffirmed its 2015 decision recognizing a constitutional right to same-sex marriage , ruling that states may not treat married same-sex couples differently from others in issuing birth certificates .
The decision was unsigned . Justice Neil M. Gorsuch , joined by Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. , dissented .
The case concerns an Arkansas law about birth certificates that treats married opposite-sex couples differently from same-sex ones . A husband of a married woman is automatically listed as the father even if they are not the genetic parent . Same-sex spouses are not .
The case , Pavan v. Smith , No . 16-992 , was brought by two married lesbian couples who had jointly planned their child 's conception by means of an anonymous sperm donor . State officials listed the biological mother on the children 's birth certificates and refused to list their partners , saying they were not entitled to a husband 's presumption of paternity .
Ahmad Jarba , president of the Syrian Opposition Coalition ( SOC ) , appealed May 7 for “ effective , efficient weapons ” to counter the barrel bombs and other airstrikes used by the regime of Bashar al-Assad against the Syrian people .
But Jarba , on their first visit to Washington , did not specify which weapons — an apparent acknowledgment that they are unlikely to receive from the United States the portable anti-aircraft missiles known as MANPADS that the Syrian opposition has sought unsuccessfully for months .
The Obama administration has confined its publicly acknowledged support for the Syrian opposition so far to $ 287 million in nonlethal assistance and symbolic gestures such as the announcement on May 5 that it is conveying “ foreign mission ” status on the US offices of the SOC , a step short of formal diplomatic relations . The CIA is believed to have provided a limited number of anti-tank weapons to the opposition 's moderate military wing , the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) , through Jordan . The United States has also been the largest single donor of humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees and those displaced within the country . But Washington has balked at MANPADS , which potentially could threaten civil aviation and might wind up in the hands of Islamic extremists .
Jarba 's visit comes at a time when US policy toward Syria is in apparent disarray . Efforts to achieve a political solution collapsed in Geneva in February when Syrian officials refused to discuss formation of a transitional government . Instead , Assad has vowed to run in June for a third seven-year term as president — an action that Jarba derided Wednesday as “ a farce. ” While the FSA has made some progress against al-Qaeda-backed groups , public opinion polls show scant support for any Syrian faction . In a background call with reporters on Monday , a senior US administration official conceded that “ the current conditions , the current asymmetry does not provide the kind of political calculus needed to get that type of negotiated , serious political process underway. ” The official added that in Washington “ there is probably no single issue … that is currently meriting as much debate , senior policy-level discussion and that kind of thing than Syria . ”
Speaking at the US Institute of Peace ( USIP ) without notes , Jarba , a slight , unprepossessing figure who comes from the northern Syrian city of Qamishli and is a member of the Shammar tribe with branches in Iraq and Saudi Arabia , sought to counter the widespread impression that Assad 's forces are prevailing in a civil conflict that has killed more than 150,000 people and displaced nearly half of Syria 's population of Syria over the past three years .
“ The situation is not as bad as some believe , ” Jarba said in response to a question from William Taylor , USIP 's vice president for the Middle East and Africa . “ In Homs , Deir el-Zor , Idlib , Aleppo and the coast , the opposition is gaining ground . ”
However , as Jarba was addressing a full auditorium in Washington , opposition fighters were beginning to evacuate the city of Homs under a cease-fire agreement negotiated by the United Nations and Iran , a major backer of the Assad regime .
In response to a question from Al-Monitor as to whether their group would agree to negotiate with Iran to allow urgently needed food and medicine to reach Homs and other besieged cities and towns , Jarba said the Iranians would need first to agree that Assad must step down as part of a political transition , as called for at a conference in Geneva in 2012 .
“ The Iranians are part of the problem and now they are the main part of the problem , ” Jarba said . “ As a people we respect the Iranians , the problem is with the mullahs in Iran who want to control the region . ”
On the other hand , Jarba said , “ if Iran will change its position , we are open to any peaceful initiative . ”
Recognized by the United States as “ the legitimate representative of the Syrian people ” in December 2012 , the SOC is based in Turkey . Jarba said the council is trying to set up an interim government in areas captured from the Assad regime and Islamic extremists . But “ in these liberated areas … the air force of Assad bombards our people on a daily basis , ” they said . “ That stops us from making any progress in these areas . ”
The airstrikes are “ making our life a nightmare , ” Jarba added . “ We need effective , efficient weapons in the right hands … and we commit to keep them in the right hands . ”
The SOC delegation , which includes Brig . Gen. Abdul-Ilah al-Bashir , head of the moderate opposition 's military wing , has met with Undersecretary of State Wendy Sherman and is due to see congressional leaders later Wednesday . On Thursday , they are scheduled to meet Secretary of State John Kerry .
Najib Ghadbian , the SOC representative in the United States , told Al-Monitor they were hoping to see President Barack Obama on Monday or Tuesday and would also be meeting with David Cohen , the undersecretary of the Treasury for terrorism and financial intelligence .
Jarba said they hoped while in the United States to correct the “ misconception ” of some Americans that their group has a Sunni Muslim sectarian agenda or is composed of terrorists . Qamishli , the town of their birth , is home to Arabs , Kurds , Circassians and Christians , they said , and they attended a Protestant school .
“ Minorities existed [ in Syria ] before Bashar and will continue to exist after Bashar , ” Jarba said , referring to the Christians , Alawites and other non-Sunni groups . “ We are not terrorists . We are not mercenaries . We are part of the core of the Syrian people. ” Terrorism , they said , is the product of the Assad government 's policies , which include freeing Islamic extremists from jail .
The Geneva II conference failed because of Assad , they said . “ Geneva failed and now we are here in Washington to discuss with our friends how to revive a political solution . … There has to be a strong stance now against this bloodthirsty tyrant . This regime understands only the language of power . ”
A few updates on this week 's content schedule…
Today 's GTN QuickView will hopefully be the final in the current format , I 'll be bringing relative value data back into the GTN QuickView as soon as this evening along with a surprise improvement to the content ! The second pending content that I 've been working on for quite some time is an expansion to all prior tiers of my unit costs for crafting materials . This will then allow an absolute valuation ratio to return to my content as well . I have been trying to finish these database improvements before writing posts such as the Matter Transubstantiator one I mentioned before , but all of that and more is on target to move forward this week .
On to the data , which now should include a download link if you 'd like to pull it into Excel for easier manipulation !
As always , thanks for checking out the blog .
– Andrew | SWTOR Economics
Advertisements
For the second time this year , a neo-Nazi computer hacker is claiming they have taken over printers and is using them to distribute racist propaganda advocating the murder of black and Jewish children .
Andrew “ weev ” Auernheimer claims to have hacked into networks for 50,000 printers . He 's using the hack to distribute racist , anti-Semitic propaganda and praise white supremacist Anders Breivic , who killed 77 people , many of whom were children , in Norway in 2011 .
In a nod to the hairstyle of Dylann Roof , the self-styled white supremacist who is about to stand trial for allegedly murdering nine people in a traditionally black church in South Carolina in 2015 , Auernheimer titled the document they are sending to the hacked printers “ Why I am getting a bowl cut . ”
“ I unequivocally support the killing of children , ” Auernheimer wrote in the message . “ I believe that our enemies need such a level of atrocity inflicted upon them and their homes that they are afraid to ever threaten the white race with genocide again . ”
`` Printing round 2 : why I am getting a bowlcut . '' — in which I ship the first issue of samiz.dat ! https : //t.co/XhvefhX5Jn — Andrew Auernheimer ( @ rabite ) August 2 , 2016
Auernheimer is using their Twitter account to post the reactions of people who were hacked and posted the images of the document on social media . “ No troll is complete without ADL employees crying about it on Twitter , ” they wrote in response to a tweet from Mark Pitcavage , a senior research fellow at the Anti-Defamation League 's Center on Extremism who frequently provides Vocativ with expert commentary . “ Thanks , Mr. Pitcavage ! ”
Auerenheimer made headlines in March with a similar stunt when they sent racist , swastika-adorned documents to printers at universities across the country .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Venezuela has requested that OPEC hold an emergency meeting to discuss steps to prop up oil prices , which have fallen to their lowest since 2003 , two OPEC sources said on Wednesday .
The logo of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) is pictured at its headquarters in Vienna , Austria , August 21 , 2015 .. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
But four other delegates from countries in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries said such a meeting was unlikely to happen . OPEC 's Gulf members including Saudi Arabia have opposed earlier calls for emergency meetings .
“ Venezuela has requested an extraordinary meeting , ” said an OPEC delegate from a Middle East member-country . Another OPEC source confirmed that such a request had been made .
Oil prices have collapsed to below $ 28 a barrel , their lowest since 2003 , on a supply glut that may worsen this year with the lifting of sanctions on Iran . The decline is painful for all producers and particularly so for less wealthy OPEC members such as Venezuela .
Saudi Arabia and its Gulf OPEC allies led a change in OPEC policy in 2014 to defend market share against higher-cost rivals , rather than cut supply to support prices . OPEC at its last meeting , held in December , rolled over that strategy .
OPEC is already pumping oil at close to record levels , even before any extra Iranian crude reaches the market . The next scheduled OPEC meeting is not until June .
The group 's statutes say support from a simple majority of the 13 members can trigger an extraordinary meeting . But delegates say that in practice , none will occur without support from Saudi Arabia and other top producers .
“ There is no change in the Gulf coun‎tries ' position with their market share strategy , ” said an OPEC delegate . “ Also none of the non-OPEC ( countries ) show they are willing to cooperate with OPEC for a cut . Iran also still did n't add ( extra ) oil to the market . So things did n't change . ”
Another delegate , from one of OPEC 's larger producers in the Middle East , did not expect the drop in prices to be prolonged as current prices challenge the economics of pumping oil outside low-cost OPEC countries .
“ It will not be low for a very long time , ” they said . “ If the price does fall to $ 20 , many producers will leave the market . ”
The last extraordinary meeting to discuss a price slump , in 2008 , resulted in OPEC making its largest-ever production cut , paving the way for prices to double within a year .
At least 25 people have been killed in a suspected terrorist attack in the Kenyan capital , Nairobi , after gunmen opened fire and threw grenades in an upmarket shopping centre .
On Saturday evening the Kenyan presidency tweeted that one of the gunmen had been arrested . The country 's head of police , David Kimaiyo , said several assailants were also apprehended when police and military entered the mall following the attack .
Witnesses said the men , brandishing AK-47s , told Muslims to leave and shot those they believed were non-Muslims .
`` We are treating this as a terrorist attack , '' said the police chief Benson Kibue , adding that 10 attackers were involved . Police did not say which group was responsible .
A wounded woman is helped to safety after gunmen opened fire in a shopping centre in Nairobi , Kenya . Photograph : Simon Maina/AFP/Getty Images
`` It is a possibility that it is an attack by terrorists , so we are treating the matter very seriously , '' Mutea Iringo , the principal secretary in the ministry of interior , told Reuters .
The al-Qaida linked Somali Islamist militant group al-Shabaab has not formally claimed responsibility for the attack , but used it 's official Twitter handle , @ HSM-Press , to describe the killings as `` a very tiny fraction of what Muslims in Somalia experience at the hands of Kenyan invaders '' .
The group also accused the Kenyan government of continuing to `` massacre innocent Muslims in Somalia '' , a reference to Kenyan troops being sent into Somalia in 2011 in order to fight al-Shabaab .
HSM Press Office ( @ HSM_Press ) The Kenyan government , however , turned a deaf ear to our repeated warnings and continued to massacre innocent Muslims in Somalia # Westgate
The ministry earlier posted warnings to the public on Twitter to avoid the area around the Westgate centre , the most exclusive shopping centre in the city .
Elijah Kamau told the Associated Press the gunmen had made the statement about Muslims as they began their attack .
A Kenyan woman is carried away from the shopping centre . Photograph : Simon Maina/AFP/Getty Images
The interior ministry asked local media not to televise the gun battle live because the gunmen were watching the screens in the shopping centre .
Armed police arrived nearly half an hour after the attack began and engaged the gunmen in a shootout . Officers shouted : `` Get out , get out '' , and scores of shoppers fled the building . At least half a dozen were bloodied and helped by first-aiders .
Security guards used shopping trollies to wheel out several wounded children and at least one man .
Rob Vandijk , who works at the Dutch embassy , said they were eating at a restaurant in the shopping centre when attackers lobbed grenades inside the building . They said gunfire then burst out and people screamed as they dropped to the ground .
A former British soldier said : `` I personally touched the eyes of four people and they were dead . One of them was a child . It 's carnage up there . ''
Cars were left abandoned outside the centre , which is located in the city 's affluent Westlands area and is frequented by expatriates and wealthy Kenyans .
Other witnesses said that they had seen about five armed assailants storm the shopping centre and that the incident appeared to be an attack rather than an armed robbery .
`` They do n't seem like thugs . This is not a robbery incident , '' Yukeh Mannasseh told Reuters . `` It seems like an attack . The guards who saw them said they were shooting indiscriminately . ''
Kenya has seen a rise in terrorist attacks and threats in recent years , some of which are believed to be in retaliation for a military crackdown on al-Shabaab . The group vowed in 2011 to carry out a large-scale attack in Nairobi in retaliation for Kenya sending troops into Somalia to fight them .
The attacks often involve gunmen armed with automatic weapons and grenades , and their targets include bars , nightclubs and restaurants in various parts of the country . A suspected al-Shabaab attack in January left five people dead and three injured at a restaurant in the eastern city of Garissa . In August last year one person was killed and six injured in the Eastleigh area of Nairobi on the eve of a visit by Hillary Clinton , the then US secretary of state .
Last month 18 of the 19 US embassies and consulates across the Middle East and Africa were closed after a message between al-Qaida officials about plans for a major terrorist attack was intercepted .
Have you paid a YouTuber ?
Has a YouTuber asked you for payment ?
When it comes to the ethics of paying a YouTube personality to play your game for promotional purposes , we 've seen that the ethical lines are blurred But there 's an important question to ask when examining the practice of pay for play : To what extent are game developers actually paying for YouTuber coverage ? Earlier this week I surveyed 325 video game developers to find out whether they have paid for coverage from either the traditional press or YouTubers , and asked whether they would ever consider doing so in the future.Let 's talk YouTubers first . There are currently two main methods for developers to pay YouTubers for coverage -- paying a one-off flat-fee , or paying a revenue share , based on how many sales the YouTuber coverage brings.Of all the developers I surveyed , only 1.5 percent said they have paid a YouTuber a flat-fee for coverage -- that 's just five developers out of 325.As for paying revenue share , the figure was roughly the same . 2.1 percent of respondents said they have paid a YouTuber revenue share.So obviously not many developers are actually paying for YouTuber coverage , but that does n't give the full picture , as many more developers said that they may pay for coverage in the future.In fact , 19.1 percent said they have considered paying a YouTuber a flat-fee , while 11.6 percent said they are considering paying revenue share to a YouTuber in return for coverage.In other words , while not many developers have actually paid for YouTuber coverage yet , a portion are definitely thinking about it in the near future . Given that the YouTuber movement is really starting to hit its stride now , it makes sense that more developers are starting to take note for future endeavors.Another angle : How many YouTubers are contacting developers and asking for payment ? 14.7 percent of the developers surveyed told me that they had been asked for a flat-fee by a YouTuber , while 13.6 percent have been asked for a revenue share.Thus , of the developers surveyed , more of them are considering paying for YouTuber coverage , than have received a request from a YouTuber . So it 's not just YouTubers who are interested in pay for play -- game developers who are looking to stand out in a crowded game market are weighing the paid YouTuber option.I asked developers to provide their further opinions of YouTubers asking for payment to promote games -- and as it turns out , while around 85 percent of those surveyed would n't pay , a good portion do n't really have a problem with it . `` I have nothing against an entertaining infomercial , it 's just a different kind of trailer , '' says one dev . `` I 'd never have any interest in participating , but I suppose I 'm alright with others doing it as long it is presented as advertising in an clear and honest way , '' explains another . `` When your game is lost in the noise and your company is failing , all promotional options are on the table , '' muses one developer -- a popular response , and one shared by the Fortress Craft dev : `` Why languish in obscurity when you can pay for fame ? `` But lots of developers are n't happy about it either . `` It 's questionable at best , '' one dev wrote . `` I fear that for some it will turn into 'pay us and we 'll promote your game ' to 'pay us or we 'll not promote your game , ' while not looking to or being able to provide the level of attention and promotion that one would expect an advertiser to provide . `` `` It 's a slippery slope , '' says another . `` Viewers will rightly start questioning whether a YouTubers opinion is the truth or they 're hyping the game to earn themselves more revenue . `` What about the developers who have already paid for coverage from a YouTuber before ? One such developer explained , `` I looked at it as a crucial promotional opportunity to get my game in front of players I may not have reached otherwise . `` `` Since the streamers and Let 's Players have the power to make or break a game , it 's become a valid place to spend your advertising revenue , '' said another . And one dev who has paid for YouTuber coverage said simply , `` They are a cancer . A necessary cancer . ''
What is your opinion of YouTubers asking for payment ( rev share , flat-fee or otherwise ) to promote games ? by Michael Rose
Have you paid press for coverage ?
The next question : Is payment for traditional press coverage any different ? I asked developers whether they have paid for written press coverage , and 4.7 percent told me that they have indeed paid for coverage.This is slightly higher than the number who have paid for YouTuber coverage , but barely . How many are planning to pay for coverage from the written press ? 13.9 percent said they are considering it for the future -- again , roughly the same as those considering paying for YouTuber coverage.But here 's where the obvious difference occurs -- 29.0 percent of respondents said that they have been asked for payment from a traditional written press website for coverage of their game.That 's nearly a third of all those who responded , and eclipses the number of developers who have been asked for payment by YouTubers.Of course , we 're all well aware that this happens , and there 's a handy list of some of the websites that ask for cash for payment over on AppyNation . However it 's perhaps surprising just how many developers have been asked for payment for review from sites like these.And for press payments , it would appear that it 's happening in reverse to what we see with YouTubers . Big YouTubers are asking for money while smaller ones are n't so much , while many smaller traditional press outlets are asking for cash for review , while bigger names need to be more above-board so as not to anger their communities.Many of the comments from respondents about paid coverage from written press echo those about YouTuber coverage . `` Whilst I hate the very idea of pay-to-review , exposure and coverage is absolutely critical for app discovery , '' says one developer . `` If you 're not discovered , you 're not downloaded . `` But some of the developers surveyed expressed the idea that it is more of blow to the reputation of a writer than a YouTuber , as written press is built around the idea of being ethical critics . `` For me , press is journalism , and I ca n't pay a journalist , '' one dev notes . `` Paid coverage can be seen from a mile away and generally makes sites look bad if it is done too much . `` What 's really interesting is that , when we look at the answers from people whopaid for coverage from the press , none of these people are actually happy that they did . `` Did it once , some small useless mobile site of course . Never again , '' says one dev . `` It 's horrible payola , '' states another . In other words , while paying for YouTuber coverage has proved useful for those devs who have done it , paying for written press has not worked out for the best .
What is your opinion of traditional press asking for payment ( rev share , flat-fee or otherwise ) to promote ... by Michael Rose
Vlambeer , Devolver weigh in
`` If Nuclear Throne is not worth covering without pay , we 're not using our resources properly . ''
`` If a big personality is getting paid to gush about a game they do n't really care about , obviously that 's an ethical mess and will , in the end , cost that personality a good chunk of their audience . ''
What 's next ?
Some devs and publishers have been particularly vocal about not paying for coverage . One such dev isstudio Vlambeer , and Rami Ismail tells me that , `` We believe our games should speak for themselves , and we fully trust that they do . `` `` We 've been very stubborn about not paying for anything that can infer a conflict of interests during our entire existence , '' they add . `` If someone does n't want to play our game on their stream or channel after hearing of it , we simply need to be making a better game . `` In their mind , he 'd rather spend money on making their games better than paying YouTubers -- that way , players have a better experience , and YouTubers may be more inclined to cover Vlambeer 's games . `` Ifis not worth covering without pay , we 're not using our resources properly , '' notes Ismail . `` We have full faith in video content creators to play what they find interesting without pay , and we 've never been under the impression that someone held coverage of our game at 'ransom ' in exchange for money . `` Having said that , Ismail does n't see paying YouTubers as that big of a deal ethically , especially when compared to the traditional press . `` I think at this point it 's OK because YouTubers have n't developed a reputation of being editorial , '' they reason . `` They 're seen as advertising . In the next few years , as YouTube grows as a review platform and as more people start to base their ( $ 60 ) purchases on the opinions of the YouTubers , there will be an increasing amount of backlash to paid reviews . `` `` They 're simply 'not there yet ' - the ethics and morals of their field is being defined as we speak . It places tremendous responsibility on the creators today to evolve video coverage along the axis they see fit . `` The idea of paying YouTubers for coverage is also a hot topic at indie publisher Devolver . The Devolver team is excited about how disruptive the YouTube space has been for games recently , to the point that Devolver 's movie division is actually putting together a documentary on the movement as we speak . `` At Devolver we have not paid for any YouTuber or any press to cover a game , '' Devolver 's Mike Wilson tells me . `` We have been very lucky thus far in that I think those guys see Devolver and the developers we work with as indie bretheren , too . But we 're quite aware of what some of them are getting paid to play big games , and the good news is even if we wanted to pay we could never afford it ! `` For Wilson , publishers and developers whopaying for YouTuber coverage should be very careful about transparency and objectivity . `` If a big personality is getting paid to gush about a game they do n't really care about , obviously that 's an ethical mess and will , in the end , cost that personality a good chunk of their audience , '' they muse . `` But if I saw one of these guys say ... 'so Bethesda paid me a good chunk of money to play the newand say what I think , and this is honestly what I think , the good and the bad ... '' I would imagine it could actually create a great deal of loyalty and trust with the audience . `` Sadly , says Wilson , this clearly is n't happening , since big publishers ca n't deal with the idea of YouTubers spilling their truthful opinions across the internet , and contracts that forbid such opinions are clearly a common occurrence . `` The other way to look at it is this ... most artists of any kind on their way up , and again on their way down , have to do work they wish they did n't have to do to support the work they want to do , '' says the Devolver founder . `` Aspiring filmmakers and actors make commercials or wait tables , indie game developers have day jobs , sometimes in a cubicle at big game studios that make them want to cry every day , bands play corporate gigs and covers , photographers shoot weddings , painters paint billboards .. You name it . It 's just reality unless you 're independently wealthy , and it allows those same artists to live and create art that they want to create . `` Gamasutra 's coverage of YouTuber ethics has not gone unnoticed by lots of the big names on the video platform . Earlier this month TotalBiscuit said they would make video sponsorships more explicit , while NerdCubed released a video in which they cite our article , and discusses their thoughts on the matter.He admits that they once took money for a video three years ago -- a video of agame -- and it made them feel so uncomfortable that they did n't want to do it again . `` The amount of money and offers is increasing , '' they say . `` Not too long ago I got one for $ 8,000 for 350,000 views on a game video . That 's just one video for me , one day 's work ! But then would I want to be positive about it , negative ... so I ignore all this stuff . `` One of the big talking points has been the YogDiscovery revenue sharing platform from Yogscast -- a platform that plenty of developers told me they have been contacted about . Many devs and YouTubers have lashed out at the scheme , and generally are n't happy about it .
Yogscast NDA by Michael Rose
`` A lot of criticism seems to focus on 'conflict of interest , ' which is to say people are worried Yogscast will be more positive to the games they cover through YD because they get a revenue share , '' says YouTuber Northernlion.He continues , `` What concerns me is that if they have the choice between covering two games they enjoy equally but one is giving a revshare , who gets vids ? I think maybe YogDiscovery puts pressure on indie devs to give up a rev share just to get coverage , which for a channel of Yogs ' size , is enormous . `` `` It strips away the illusion of coverage being sort of an egalitarian 'may the best game win ' sort of thing , which of course it already is n't . `` Yogscast CEO Mark Turpin was unfortunately unavailable and unable to answer our questions , but said that they will respond to questions from Gamasutra about YogDiscovery soon.It 's obvious that the ethics train will continue to railroad its way through online conversations about YouTuber and press coverage for plenty of time to come , and it can only be a good thing that big names are talking about the topic so openly.But the big takeaway is that some game developers are perfectly OK with paying for coverage , as our quick survey shows , so it 's likely that we 're going to start seeing more and more paid coverage of games on YouTube in the near future .
Juan Ernesto Vasquez Araya , the Nicaraguan ambassador to Russia , said that Nicaragua wants to purchase Russian-made T-72 tanks instead of T-55 tanks that are currently used by Nicaraguan army .
ALABINO ( Moscow Region ) ( Sputnik ) – Nicaraguan authorities are interested in the purchase of Russian-made T-72 tanks used in the first International Army Games , the Nicaraguan ambassador to Russia said Wednesday .
The 2015 International Army Games competition kicked off on August 1 . As many as 11 different locations in Russia are hosting the contest , due to finish August 15 .
© Sputnik / Alexander Vilf Russia Hosts First International Army Games
`` We hope that the T-72 [ tank ] will soon appear in our Army . I think we can talk about a purchase , '' Juan Ernesto Vasquez Araya stated .
According to Araya , Nicaragua 's army uses the Russian T-55 tank but the military has not previously operated the T-72 variant .
The T-72 was developed in the former Soviet Union and is still widely used around the world . The latest modernized version is the T-72B3 , and has an improved fire-control system , a ballistic computer for better accuracy , thermal weapon sights , and next-generation communications equipment .
The T-72B3 was displayed at the Army-2015 expo held outside Moscow June 17-18 .
Yongnuo have announced the RF-603 wireless flash triggering and shutter release system , a transceiver-based replacement to the popular RF-602 series triggers .
Hong Kong : Photographic equipment manufacturer Yongnuo have announced a brand new flash trigger , the RF-603 . Successor to the internationally popular RF-602 system , the Yongnuo RF-603 series adds the following improvements :
Transceiver-based system : units automatically detect when to switch to either transmitter or receiver mode .
Hotshoe pass-through , allowing on-camera flash and radio triggering to be used simultaneously .
Prontor/Compur ( PC ) port for off-hotshoe synchronisation
Non-proprietary 2.5mm ( sub-miniphone ) port for shutter release cables
Like the upcoming Cactus V5 , Yongnuo have gone for the transceiver-based format . Pressing the test button on a transceiver will make it a transmitter , while all other nearby units will automatically switch to receiver mode .
The devices have on/off switches and will take 2 AAAs , so you do n't have to worry about running down expensive CR2 batteries as with RF-602s . There will be Nikon and Canon versions ( RF-603N and RF-603C ) waking up speedlights from sleep mode and providing full TTL pass-through to any on-camera flashes .
The RF-603 system has been confirmed NOT compatible with RF-602 or RF-601 . It will have a range of 100 metres and use the 2.4GHz frequency band with 16 channels .
For more information please consult the manufacturer 's product page .
Where to buy
Upon release , the Yongnuo RF-603 Wireless Transceiver System will be available at the manufacturer 's official eBay outlet , including a 12 month warranty , and from other sellers .
Despite turning in the best season of their career , Milos Raonic has decided to part ways with coach Carlos Moya .
Thank you to Carlos Moya for helping me tremendously this year , alongside my team , to get the best out of me . Under Carlos ' direction and tutelage I have played my best yet to date . We will no longer be continuing our coaching relationship but remain close friends . I wish them all the best . A photo posted by Milos Raonic ( @ mraonic ) on Nov 30 , 2016 at 11:10am PST
Raonic hired Moya in January to replace former coach Ivan Ljubičić , who had worked with the Canadian since 2013 alongside Riccardo Piatti .
After suffering through various injuries in 2015 , Raonic entered the year as the world 's 14th ranked player , but climbed all the way to No . 3 by season 's end — besting their previous season-ending ranking of No . 8 in 2014 .
The 25-year-old Thornhill , Ont. , native beat Roger Federer to win their first and only tournament of 2016 at the Brisbane International in January and followed it up by reaching the quarter-finals or better in their next five tournaments .
But the high point of Raonic 's season came when they beat Federer in a memorable match to advance to their first Wimbledon final , where they lost to Andy Murray in three sets .
Raonic finished the year with a 52-17 record .
The recent extrajudicial killing of two American citizens , most notably radical Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , has spurred a curious debate over whether the action , personally ordered by President Barack Obama , was right or wrong — curious for its conspicuous focus not on whether assassinations are right or wrong , but on whether they are “ legal ” or not .
But law and morality are not the same thing .
Whether lawyers serving the powerful can twist laws drafted by the powerful to serve the interests of power has absolutely no bearing on the morality of death-by-president . Indeed , when a single individual has the power to unilaterally decide who lives or dies , whether that 's permissible under some tortured reading of the Constitution and international law may not be irrelevant , but it is n't exactly the most pertinent question .
What we ought to be talking about is whether murdering people with unmanned Predator drones based on evidence that will never see the light of day is , regardless of the target 's nationality , morally right or morally reprehensible . For those in the anti-murder camp , the answer is easy — and more relevant than whether a murder was in accordance with clause five of subsection B of the International Code on State-Sanctioned Killing .
After all , the law is crafted by the powerful to serve their interests , meaning that debating the legality of a politician blowing up anyone in the world they choose is to debate on the terms set by power . Give a team of White House lawyers enough time , and they no doubt could come up with a superficially compelling case for why the president can end life as we know it based on their inherent powers as commander-in-chief . While such an argument may be fatally flawed morally speaking , when it comes to the law , who 's really going to say they 're wrong ?
The 2003 invasion of Iraq , recall , was a blatant war of aggression , the “ supreme international crime , ” in the words of the Nuremberg Tribunal , “ differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole. ” Even Richard Perle , one of the chief architects of that war , admitted as much . And what has come of it ? Dick Cheney goes on book tours while Bradley Manning , who instead of committing war crimes actually exposed them , rots in prison .
Such is the morality of the law : If you 're powerful enough , you 're immune , but if you 're weak , you 're prosecuted . Members of the Obama administration , then , must love the debate over the legality of their actions . It 's one they can win even if they lose .
And yet , liberal discussion is dominated by talk of the legality , not the morality , of the U.S. government murdering people without charge or trial . Instead of right and wrong , liberals narrowly debate whether the president can legally order hits on alleged terrorists who happen to be U.S. citizens . An American passport , it seems , makes the man .
How to Make Wrong Right : Call It a “ War ”
Taking their cue from President Obama , many on the left have come to accept the “ war on terror ” paradigm they rejected back when that guy from Texas was president . And that little three-letter word , “ war , ” lowers an already pitifully low bar for when the state may legally take human life and , by extension , raises the threshold at which good bleeding-hearts ought to let their humanity kick in . It may be wrong for a mere citizen or police officer to take out a family of four as part of a quest for vengeance against a killer , but in war that 's just “ collateral damage. ” It sucks that 41 innocent Yemenis had to die as part of the U.S. government 's quest to kill folks like Awlaki , but do n't get yourself too worked up about it .
It 's certainly not illegal , after all .
By focusing on the mundane rather than the moral case for or against state-sanctioned murder , progressive commentators can sleep well at night despite having a bumper sticker for a killer on their car , their consciences soothed by legalistic rationalizations for extinguishing human life that they 'd never accept from a friend or family member . Some even cheer death as long as it 's carried out by the state — and a fellow Democrat .
A writer for The Washington Monthly , for instance , reacted to the assassination of Awlaki — and another American , Samir Khan , and some other foreigners whose lives are n't even worth acknowledging — with admirably partisan enthusiasm , saying they looked “ forward to conservatives explaining to the public why all of this is evidence of weakness under the Obama presidency. ” The liberal Center for American progress likewise took former ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton to task for trying “ his hardest to downplay the significance ” of the killing and not heaping praise on Our Leader .
Never mind what actual experts say — Yemeni Post editor Hakim al-Masmari told al-Jazeera Awlaki 's death “ will not be a blow to al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula from any perspective . . . because [ he ] did not have any real role in [ the group ] ” — we have a ritualistic celebration of death to attend to , Mr. Bolton . This is supposed to be a happy occasion !
Even those who are n't outright cheering the glorious new age of America extrajudicially killing Americans are more or less excusing murder with the disinterested musings of a bureaucrat . A writer for the progressive website AlterNet , for instance , reacted to the assassination by asking “ Was the al-Awlaki Killing Legal ? ” Answer : “ I do n't know — the question hinges on facts I do n't claim to possess. ” Do n't worry about the rightness of killing someone based on secret evidence and a self-serving reading of the law , dear reader ; ponder whether that secret evidence against the executed comports with a plausible reading of the law .
The Right to Life : Dependent on a Passport
A commentator at Mother Jones , meanwhile , reacted to the killing by declaring they were none too concerned with whether “ Awlaki in particular deserved to die. ” Ho hum . Just another dead guy in the war on terror . Rather — and this is more than some on the left could muster — they were troubled by the “ precedent by which a U.S. president can secretly order the death of an American citizen unchecked by any outside process. ” The same writer , gainfully employed at a leading liberal publication , enthusiastically cheered the premeditated killing of an unarmed non-American a few months ago , the difference being the passport held by the man being murdered .
And that pretty much sums up the state of mainstream liberalism in America these days . Even if they do n't particularly care for it , those who rightly called George W. Bush a war criminal express no moral outrage over a Democratic president 's killing of anyone they choose ; it certainly does n't make them a bad guy unworthy of reelection . Instead , the killings are debated in dull legal terms , if at all . And not even Obama 's more strident liberal critics question the murder of foreigners , which is at worst a “ counterproductive ” policy , not an evil one .
This , again , is n't to say the law is irrelevant , or that those who prefer legalistic or utilitarian arguments against state-sponsored murder should n't be welcome in decent society . Governments make rules for the rest of us to follow , so when they blatantly violate those laws , they deserve to be called on it . No question .
But the debate over the legality of extrajudicial executions is based on the terms of debate set by the executioners , which risks making murder a respectable — or banal — enterprise , acceptable to liberal sensibilities so long as one cites the proper subsections and files the appropriate paperwork on time . And the debate over the laws governing state-sponsored murder threatens to obscure the more important question of what is right .
What Is the Law ?
What 's legally permissible , remember , is not the same as what 's morally permissible : Owning human beings was once the unchallenged law of the land , while those who helped fugitive slaves — not those who brutalized them — found themselves locked away in prison cells . A Southern plantation owner could win any legal challenge to their ownership of slaves by citing a dozen federal and state statutes . That did n't make it right . And while some abolitionists did adopt legal arguments against slavery , they never forgot their most potent case against the infamous institution : the moral one .
Forget the law . Does any person , whether a saint or a statesman , have the moral right to unilaterally take the life of another ? Is it just or wise to invest in one fallible human being , or even a group of them , the power to kill and the ability to do so without so much as a rubber-stamp conviction in a military tribunal — and without fear of so much as a harsh word from establishment liberal humanitarians ? The answer , I 'd argue , is unambiguous : no . Allowing one man or woman the right to be judged , jury , and executioner is a recipe for totalitarianism , one that eviscerates all other human rights and the moral fiber of those who would be a party to it .
Back when slavery was as legal and respectable as blowing up Pakistani tribesmen with Predator drones is now , author and dissident Henry David Thoreau published an essay on the duty of civil disobedience in which they noted that , in fact , “ Law never made a man a whit more just. ” Indeed , “ by means of their respect for it , even the well-disposed are daily made the agents of injustice . ”
Right now , too many Americans — pundits especially — have an undue respect for statutes and precedents , leading even those on the left to speak of things such as the “ laws of war , ” as odd a turn of phrase as the “ rules of rape. ” And it 's making them agents of injustice .
Read more by Charles Davis
In the offseason leading into the 2016 campaign , the Giants took a chance on Keenan Robinson , an oft-injured player who had missed 23 games in the past three years . The Giants signed Robinson to a one year deal worth 2.6 million dollars and got great value out of that contract . Robinson played in all 16 games and was a huge asset for the defense . They provided great coverage over the middle of the field and won one-on-one matchups against opposing tight ends and running backs .
The Giants re-signed Robinson for another year , this time committing 3 million dollars to him . I believe this is one of the best moves the Giants have made all offseason . Below are a few examples of the positive impact Robinson had on the defense last year .
Week 2 vs. Saints
Week 3 vs. Redskins
Week 5 @ Packers
Week 6 vs. Ravens
Week 11 vs. Bears
Week 14 vs. Dallas
Wild Card Playoffs @ Packers
Filming has started on the Bohemian Rhapsody biopic
The first official picture of actor Rami Malek as Freddie Mercury in Bohemian Rhapsody - the upcoming biopic of the late Queen frontman – has surfaced online . The star of cult TV series Mr Robot has been cast in the movie , which is scheduled for release in December 2018 .
The film will chronicle the life of Queen from their formation in 1970 until the band 's celebrated performance at Live Aid in 1985 , six years before the flamboyant frontman 's death that resulted from complications with AIDS . They were 45 years old . The film is being directed by Bryan Singer , who also directed The Usual Suspects , X-Men and Superman Returns , among many others .
Speaking of the moment when they first saw themselves in make-up , Rami Malek told Entertainment Weekly : “ When you 're able to open your eyes and see a different person staring back at you in the mirror , it 's a very affirming moment . ”
So let 's have a look at that picture then…
That actually looks pretty , pretty , pretty good . But what will they sound like ? It 's being reported that the soundtrack will be made up of a combination of Malek 's own voice , Freddie Mercury 's and a soundalike for the bits in between .
“ It wo n't just be the dark Freddie story , but that being said , that also will be honored , ” Singer said . “ It 's about collaboration . It 's a celebration . ”
One of the most challenging parts of planning a yoga class is figuring out when to do what . You might have an inspiring class theme or an awesome apex pose in mind , but putting together a sequence that adequately prepares the body for the poses you have planned , aligns with your intentions and the desired energetic effect of the class , and , of course , provides a safe , fun experience for students , can be difficult for even the most experienced teachers .
We 've all likely had our fair share of sequencing snafus , or been a student in classes where the order of poses just did n't seem to work . Thankfully , mistakes can be our greatest teachers . By learning what not to do , we often get a clearer picture of what to do instead and why .
Here are five sequencing “ don'ts ” to avoid , coupled with a few helpful hints for putting together a safe and effective hatha class :
1 . Beginning Class with a Slow , Static Pose and/or Something That Requires a Lot of Setup or Alignment Instruction
Personally , I love talking about alignment—so much , in fact , that my tendency can be to launch into an impassioned monologue on the adductors before my class gets to their first down dog . But despite how interesting or important we as teachers think a particular refinement might be , when our students first get to their mats , they might be tired , stressed out , or simply just transitioning from work/home/school life to practice , and the odds are that they just want to get moving .
In the beginning , choose warm-up exercises that allow your class some space to move dynamically and breathe .
In the beginning , choose warm-up exercises that allow your class some space to move dynamically and breathe . Offer enough alignment instruction to keep everyone safe , but save the more precise refinements , long holds , and “ workshoppy ” breakdowns for later in class . My teachers and mentors have often reminded me to “ get students moving dynamically within eight minutes , ” and I think this is a pretty solid guideline . It allows a sufficient amount of time for setup and centering , but still gets students into their bodies pretty quickly .
2 . Teaching Seated Forward Bends at or Near the Beginning of Class
Sure , seated poses may seem like a great way to start . I mean , your students are likely already sitting down at the beginning of class , allowing for an easy transition . Plus , for lots of people , sitting and stretching prior to any sort of physical activity feels like second nature . ( I suspect this might be due to the precedent set for many of us during eighth grade gym class . )
So what 's the problem ? Well , practicing a seated forward bend with good alignment is actually pretty hard . It requires impeccable spinal alignment and incredibly open hips and/or hamstrings ( which is why I rarely teach it to beginners at all ) . Even for your most limber students , this is a lot to ask right off the bat . Instead , begin your warm-up exercises in a position that allows more freedom of movement—all fours , standing , lying down , or even a down dog for more advanced classes , and save the seated poses for last . They 'll feel a lot better ( and be a lot safer ) after you 've prepared the body sufficiently .
3 . Not Doing Thigh Stretches Before Big Backbends
For a long time I was n't a fan of backbends . Despite the fact that my upper body is reasonably flexible , I constantly struggled . I would do tons of chest openers and shoulder stretches to prepare , but when it came time for backbends like dhanurasana ( bow pose ) and urdhva dhanurasana ( upward facing bow ) , my tight quads would restrict my movement , making these asanas feel anything but steady and easeful because I had n't really prepared for them . I 'd spent tons of time opening my upper body and completely ignored my legs ! The solution ? Thigh stretches before backbends .
I 'd spent tons of time opening my upper body and completely ignored my legs !
Once I started practicing quad stretches like ardha bhekasana ( half frog pose ) , ardha natarajasana ( half or “ baby ” dancer pose ) , or monkey tail ( a low lunge , holding the foot of the back leg ) , backbends became a lot more enjoyable . ( Take a look at Martin Kirk 's Three Safe Stretching Rules for some great alignment tips for thigh stretches . )
The same can be said for stretching your hamstrings before big forward bends and poses like hanumanasana ( splits ) , too . You might be surprised to find that skillful sequencing makes poses that once felt impossible feel far more accessible .
4 . Immediately Following Big Backbends with Forward Bends
How many times have you come out of urdhva dhanurasana and been instructed to draw your knees to your chest ? Now , you might be one of the lucky yogis that has never had a problem with this , but know that this is not the case for everyone . Hugging knees to chest right after urdhva can lead to pretty intense back spasms for some students . My friend Mary McInnis Meyer ( owner and director of Field of Yoga in Cedar Falls , Iowa , and a former automotive engineer ) refers to this as “ fatigue failure sequencing. ” “ Bend it all the way one way , then all the way the other way , repeat . . . this is how you test structural products to simulate the most extreme conditions to make them break , ” they say . Um . . . ouch . How about we do n't do this to our students ' spines ? I mean , none of us really want students to answer the question , “ How was yoga class today ? ” with “ great . . . until my back started painfully convulsing , ” right ?
Instead of “ hug your knees to your chest , ” bring your students into a more neutral position immediately following urdhva . Constructive rest pose ( lying on your back with feet flat on the floor ) is a fine choice , and supta baddha konasana ( reclined bound angle pose ) , with feet on the floor , can be nice once you 've completed your final backbend . ( The external rotation in this pose is a little too much for it to be an ideal choice to practice between backbends , but it 's great for the very end . ) Placing hands on the belly ( or one hand to chest , one hand to belly ) in this position encourages students to pause and check in with the movement of their breath , and it also keeps their hands and brain occupied , so they 're less likely to instinctively draw their knees to their chest !
Instead of “ hug your knees into your chest , ” bring your students into a more neutral position immediately following urdhva .
For non-weight-bearing backbends like ustrasana ( camel pose ) , stick with vajrasana ( thunderbolt pose ) or a similar upright seated posture between repetitions ( as opposed to , say , child 's pose , which can have unpleasant side effects similar to those you 'd get from knees-to-chest following urdhva ) .
5 . Breaking the Rules Without Knowing Why
Nowadays , most 200-hour teacher trainings give aspiring asana teachers a class outline of some sort , providing a basic sense of when to do what . In general , it 's a good idea to follow those rules—and to really understand them—before you decide to change it up and do something different . In other words , do n't do anything randomly , and do n't sacrifice safe sequencing for creative choreography . Basically , if you 're going to deviate from the sequencing guidelines you 've been taught , have a legitimate , anatomically sound reason for doing so . Do n't set aside the safety and integrity of your class for the sake of throwing in something neat you saw on YouTube .
RBC 's Mark Mahaney : The two big risks for Netflix 10:44 AM ET Tue , 17 Oct 2017 | 01:29
The biggest competitive risk to Netflix is Amazon launching a stand-alone streaming service for $ 7 a month , closely followed tech analyst Mark Mahaney told CNBC on Tuesday .
`` If ( Amazon ) really pivots and want to go after Netflix and offer a stand-alone streaming subscription business for $ 7 a month , that would be Amazon-esque and that would cut at Netflix , '' said Mahaney , RBC Capital Markets ' lead internet analyst .
`` But I do n't think Amazon wants to do that , '' Mahaney said in an interview on `` Squawk on the Street . ''
Amazon 's membership program Prime gives customers access to video services . The company also offers a video-only plan , which costs $ 8.99 per month .
Mahaney spoke after Netflix 's stock hit a record high Tuesday . On Monday , it posted better-than-expected earnings and revenue , boosted by stronger-than-expected subscriber growth .
The company says it now has about 109.3 million subscribers globally .
In a post-earnings conference call , CEO Reed Hastings said the company 's focus is on `` doing even better content , getting better partnerships , better mobile streaming . ''
Netflix has `` accelerated their ( subscriber ) adds each and every year '' and it has the opportunity to scale its business internationally `` more than the market realizes , '' Mahaney said .
They added that Disney pulling out its movies wo n't impact Netflix internationally much .
`` They 're able to grow with or without Disney in a lot of international markets , '' Mahaney said .
The Washington National Cathedral announced Wednesday that it would remove two stained-glass windows depicting Confederate generals .
After a two-year debate , leaders at the Episcopal Cathedral voted Tuesday night to remove the two windows honoring Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson , claiming that memorializing them is “ a barrier to our important work on racial justice and racial reconciliation , ” the Washington Times reported .
“ Whatever their origins , we recognize that these windows are more than benign historical markers . For many of God 's children , they are an obstacle to worship in a sacred space ; for some , these and other Confederate memorials serve as lampposts along a path that leads back to racial subjugation and oppression , ” the Cathedral said in a statement .
Bishop Mariann Edgar Budde , the head of the Episcopal Diocese of Washington ; Washington National Cathedral Dean Randolph Marshall Hollerith ; and John Donoghue , chairperson of the Cathedral Chapter all signed the statement .
Cathedral spokesperson Kevin Eckstrom told the Washington Post that many leaders felt it was necessary to remove the windows because they depicted the Confederate generals as pious Christians .
“ The problem is that they are shown as saints , ” they said .
Cathedral leaders had been debating over whether to remove the windows since 2015 when the dean of the Cathedral at the time called for the church to remove the windows depicting Civil War figures . The windows had been installed in 1953 .
The decision to remove the windows comes as Democratic activists pressure state and local governments to remove Confederate statues and monuments in public and private spaces following the violence that took place in Charlottesville , Virginia , last month .
Cathedral leaders admitted in their statement that the events that took place in Charlottesville swayed their decision to act sooner .
The Cathedral has been a hotbed for progressive activism over the past few years . Former Cathedral Dean Gary Hall allowed a Muslim event to be held in the church on the 100-year anniversary of when the last Caliph declared war on non-believers in 2014 .
They also held an anti-gun vigil on the one-year anniversary of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings , stating that “ the gun lobby is no match for the cross lobby. ” Hall also spearheaded the “ Gun Violence Prevention Sabbath Weekend ” at the church to call for more gun control .
Republican nominee Donald Trump 's presidential campaign is firing on all cylinders .
The Horn News reported yesterday that recent battleground state polls showed Trump holding an Electoral College edge over Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton .
Now , new national polls have shown that voters are shifting toward Trump just about everywhere — and the news has the Clinton campaign scrambling .
All aboard the Trump Train . Next stop , the White House .
The notoriously pro-Clinton CNN national poll now has Trump up 2 points over Clinton .
And The Los Angeles Times ' most recent national poll shows Trump has grabbed a STAGGERING 6-point national lead over Clinton in a head-to-head match up .
Even the polls showing a statistical tie should be taken with a grain of salt . For example , the most recent CBS News/New York Times and Reuters polls have the two candidates evenly tied — but those polls focus on so-called “ likely voters , ” and ignore the millions of new and previously disenfranchised voters that Trump is bringing into the fold .
Trump 's appeal is VERY widespread among these voters — and it 's likely that he 's drawing even more national support than pollsters realize .
Choo , choo .
Do you think Donald Trump is going to win in November ? Comment with your questions below .
— The Horn editorial team
XINXIANG CITY , China –Two people were killed and several others were injured after a woman dropped their cell phone into a sewage pit in China .
According to the South China Morning Post , it happened after the woman went to use an “ open-pit ” toilet and dropped their brand-new phone .
Them husband attempted to retrieve the phone from the pit — which was knee-deep in sewage — but fell unconscious due to the smell . Their mother then jumped in to rescue their son , but they also fainted .
The woman who dropped the phone then followed and also passed out . Finally , the woman 's father-in-law and two neighbors jumped in ; they all also fell unconscious .
Several other neighbors then lowered a rope into the pit and pulled out the six victims .
The woman 's husband and mother-in-law both died at the hospital . Two others were also hospitalized .
For much more on this story , click here .
Stress is a killer -- literally . It also leads to wanton spending , unanticipated medical expenses and income loss .
Some problems simply ca n't be avoided . Others we can control .
I 'm one of those people who used to stress out over simple things , like laundry . It 's taken me YEARS and lots of money to develop tricks for controlling this mania . I 'd like to share 25 tips learned along my merry therapeutic path . Hopefully , they 'll help .
1 . Avoid human stress magnets . Limit exposure to those who create stress in your life , particularly if they refuse to change . You might even consider ending the relationship entirely . That can create more stress during the process , but the result can be surprisingly blissful .
2 . Control your environment . Is this you ? You 're driving home , listening to the evening news when someone spouts an unbelievable inanity . You clutch the steering wheel and scream ! ( Okay . Maybe that 's not you , but it 's sure me . ) That 's why I now listen to music or books on CD during drive times . Now , if it 's the traffic that makes you tense , take a longer but less-traveled route . If going to the market drives you up the wall , delegate the job to someone else ; shop during slower hours ; or do the bulk of your shopping at farmers ' markets , community-supported agriculture groups or bodegas/neighborhood stores .
3 . Flip the switch on hot buttons . Discussions of religion , politics and the economy make some people see red . If certain hot buttons just drive you 'round the bend , cross them off your conversation list . If you repeatedly argue about the same subject with the same people , stop introducing the topic or excuse yourself when they start in again . With enough practice , you might even be able to laugh off their foolish viewpoints .
4 . Just say no . We all have limits , but not all of us insist others recognize them . Refuse to accept excessive responsibilities , whether in your professional or personal life . You may be pleasantly surprised at the reaction you 'll receive . Then again , you may not . But you wo n't know until you try ; and you deserve to try .
5 . Create a to-do n't list . Identify the `` shoulds '' and `` musts '' on your to-do list and eliminate or drop the non-necessities to the bottom . Shoot the `` shoulds '' to the top of the list if they ever become `` musts , '' ( if that makes sense ) .
6 . Express yourself . Nobody can read minds , not even `` True Blood 's '' Sookie Stackhouse . ( Not really . ) Communicate with co-workers , friends and even the supermarket cashier when there 's a problem . Be honest and respectful when discussing a problem to avoid even more stress , however . Replace in-your-face like , `` I have a bone to pick , '' with `` I have a few concerns . '' If it helps , write down the nasty discussion on paper , tear it up ( into tiny , tiny , tiny pieces ) then use the non-confrontational language in your live discussion .
7 . Compromise . Be willing to make changes in your behavior when asking someone to change for your benefit . Two trees bending in the middle will meet in the middle , while one tree bending over backwards will just break and land on the ground . ( Great analogy , huh ? )
8 . Be assertive about your rights . Do n't be the back-seat driver in your own life -- instead , take pro-active action . Arrange carpools ahead of time , not the day of a soccer tournament . Study for that big exam throughout the term , not the night before . Talk to your roommate about the dishes before the pile overflows into the family room .
9 . Manage your time . Poor time management is one of the biggest stressing agents for Americans . It 's hard to stay calm and focused when you 're stretched too thin and running behind . It 's difficult to plan ahead , but it sure helps . I found a color-coded Personal Digital Assistant invaluable when I was juggling multiple projects . Smart phones have built-in PDAs and list managers that back up to computers . Take advantage of this technology . If such cell phones are out of your price range , buy a cheap paper agenda and use it . ( I do ! ) Begin by tracking your time for a couple of weeks , then look back to see how you can tighten up your schedule to reduce stress .
10 . Reframe problems . Change a smallish stress experience into a smallish , positive experience . Rather than fuming about a traffic jam , make it an opportunity to pause and regroup . Listen to your favorite radio station , a book on CD or simply lay back and enjoy some alone time .
11 . Big-picture your life . Will this situation matter in a month ? A year ? Is it really worth getting upset over ? If the answer is no , focus your time and energy elsewhere .
12 . Adjust your standards . Perfectionism is a major source of avoidable stress , particularly for women . Stop setting yourself up for failure by demanding perfection . Set reasonable standards for yourself and others , and learn to be OK with `` good enough . '' For example , your husband does n't have to wash the dishes or clothes exactly the way you do . The car does n't need to be cleaned and waxed every weekend . Cheerios truly wo n't melt your child 's skin .
13 . Look for the turtles . A well-known scientist once gave a lecture explaining the structure of our galaxy , to which an elderly lady objected . Stubbornly they explained the world was really a flat plate supported on the back of a giant tortoise . The scientist gave a superior smile and asked what the tortoise stood upon , to which the lady replied , `` It 's turtles all the way down . '' People use this anecdote to illustrate many things , but I like to see it as a way to count my blessings instead of my problems . `` Hey baby , it 's turtles all the way down . '' Call me naive , ( which nobody does ) but at the worst of times this really works .
14 . What does n't kill us ... This is another version of the turtles thing and it may make you want to swat the next person who throws this old saying in your face . That said , it sure helps to look at a major challenge as an opportunity for personal growth , rather than just another example of the universe spitting in your face .
15 . Let it go . Many things in life are beyond our control -- particularly the behavior of other people . Rather than stressing out over them , focus on you . Focus on the things you can control , such as the way you choose to react to problems . This also applies to talking to people about problems . For example , instead of telling your husband , `` You make me irritated , '' tell him , `` I get irritated when you leave your wet towel on the carpet . '' Nobody can make you irritated , sad or glad . You choose to be irritated , sad or glad . It sounds stupid , but it does help the conversation and your attitude . Sometimes , you 'll even get better results .
A very light and pleasant mixing rum from two French students who decided they wanted to make rums themselves instead of letting English Harbour get all the glory
( # 300 )
* * *
There is probably a lesson in the differences between the new 28 year old Arôme and the Whisper Antigua rum – one was “ created ” ( I use the word loosely ) by a member of the 1 % , for the 1 % , with very little information provided for rabble rousers like us and nothing but disdain for the 99 % . The other is a youngish two-or-so year old rum made by a couple of brash young French entrepreneurs who lived in Antigua , loved rum , and want to push something interesting out the door , using minimal marketing and no condescension ( and too , maybe they felt English Harbour had had the corner to itself for too long ) .
Antigua & Barbuda is a group of islands located just to the north of Guadeloupe ( not to be confused with Barbados about 500 km further south ) . This island is a former British colony and after gaining independence in 1981 remained part of the British Commonwealth , which is why the Queen remains the head of state . And , of course , for us rummies , its main claim to fame outside the beaches – the Antigua Distillery , which makes the various Cavalier Expressions ( the puncheon and 151 ) , and the English Harbour 5 , 10 and 25 year olds )
Hembert Achard and Anne-Francois Houzel , are ( or were ) young French students who travelled to Antigua frequently , and like many expats , fell in love with the place and its rums . They finally decided to make one of their own , and started very low key – sourcing their distillate from Antigua Distillery , they aged it in ex bourbon casks for around two to three years , and it first came on the market in late 2015 ( I tasted it in Paris in early 2016 ) . Whisper was n't quite in the ballpark of the older expressions from the venerable distillery , but that 's not to disparage the qualities it did have , which were perfectly serviceable and immensely enjoyable , thank you very much . Which just goes to show you do n't have to dress in a tux and tails and be a hundred in rum years , or be backed up by a sneering marketing campaign , to achieve a modicum of class .
I 'd suggest that this rum is better than the EH 5 year old , because it was a little less in love with enticing casual users with easy tastes ( vanilla and maybe sugar , in that case ) . Gold in colour , bottled at 40 % , it started the nose off with floral scents , quite deep , and honey-like aromas . There were some sharp and spicy notes , vanilla and ripe plums , perhaps a ripe peach or two , and a sly rubber note underlying it all , like an opened box of rubber bands . I quite liked it .
On the palate , nothing bad , nothing special , and , in fact , quite enjoyable : a little thin to start , a little sharp , very light and clean ( almost like some agricoles , but without the grassiness ) – it was actually quite crisp . The flavours came out in genteel profusion : honey , cherries , peaches , the vaguest sense of brine and olives , some nuttiness and more florals…and as it developed it went all soft and cuddly and in spite of its youth , I felt it was teetering right on the edge of being sipping quality without quite being there . This same warmth and softness of a feather bed followed into the close , which was quite short and departed with all the speed of an impersonal goodbye kiss , presenting last hints of pecans and vanilla .
So a very nicely made introductory rum that does n't reach for the stars . Okay , so it lacks some body , it remains sharp and a little harsh here and there , so for easy sipping , maybe not one 's first choice . As far as I know nothing was added to it . It 's just that underlying it all are some really good tastes , subtle and well balanced at the same time . Not for these two people the crass marketing of a $ 600 extravaganza whose provenance is causing FB rum netizens hissy fits – they have made a simple , low-end , starter-kit rum , which hold enormous promise for what I hope are further aged expressions to be issued in the years to come .
( 81/100 )
Other notes
Some history of the Antigua Distillery is covered in the Cavalier 1981 review
I love these little anecdotes : in France there is an expression which says when something is tasty , good , elegant , that it 's a murmure aux papilles ( a whisper on the mouth ) . The phrase came to mind when the makers tasted their product for the first time after almost three years aging….and chose that to name their rum .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown
And now for a riddle : What is big , loud , unnecessary , and costs $ 75 million ? No , not a retired elephant in a diamond-studded dress : The answer is , of course , a Group of 20 summits . These G20 meetings—younger , chubbier cousins of the equally pointless G7 and G8 summits —have been going on since 1999 in an under-the-radar kind of way but have lately taken on a new urgency . Indeed , the next one , which will be held in London on Thursday , is being widely billed as the summit that will save the international economic system , provoke a stock market rally , create lasting prosperity , and save the politicians present from the disgruntled voters protesting outside . And all this in a single day !
The truth , of course , is that nothing that will be discussed at the summit , and nothing that will be discussed at any of the follow-up summits , could not also have been discussed on the telephone . Or by e-mail . Or on a Skype conference call . Indeed , one British writer suggests that “ the world 's leaders should have followed their usual platitudes about looking to the future and engaging the young by holding the whole thing on Facebook . ”
But then , the purpose of this summit , like all such summits , is not really discussion . It is politics . From the hosts ' point of view , the primary purpose is to rescue Gordon Brown , the British prime minister , whose popularity is at a record low . Brown spent the years between 1997 and 2007 serving as Britain 's chancellor of the exchequer—the equivalent of America 's treasury secretary—and thus can not , like their American counterparts , blame Britain 's financial crisis on the mistakes of the previous administration . They took credit for Britain 's booming economy during those years and is thus being held responsible for Britain 's unusually deep recession : For weeks now , the British press has been howling for them to “ apologize. ” If nothing else , those official summit photographs—Brown surrounded by the leaders of the United States , China , Russia , Argentina , etc. , against the grim industrial background of London 's Isle of Dogs—will make them feel important again .
Others have different agendas , none of which entails much real discussion . The Obama administration , for example , hopes to use the summit as a tool to bludgeon the Germans and others into spending more money : They want each country present to commit 2 percent of its gross domestic product to a stimulus package , creating a sort of family support structure for the gazillion-dollar American stimulus package . This would , in theory , allow our president to go home and declare victory . And if it does n't happen , at least he 'll have a culprit when the international economy does not , in fact , fix itself within a month or two : It will all be the fault of the Europeans , who—typical Continentals ! —dither , dissemble , and squabble among one another instead of rallying to the American call .
While I am usually the first to accuse the Europeans of dithering and dissembling , I have some sympathy for the Germans on this point . The reason they , the French , and many others in Europe—the British are an exception—have avoided spending large amounts of money on their economy is not because they are incompetent Continentals . It is because they do not think it will work . Strange though it may sound , Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , and Nicolas Sarkozy , the French president , are leaders who , for better or for worse , came to have some respect for what used to be called Anglo-American capitalism , with what used to be its reputation for fiscal conservatism . More to the point , they are also running up against the limits of what they can borrow and are worried about inflation as well .
This latter worry is even more acute in many smaller European countries , some of whom are actually cutting their budgets and introducing financial austerity packages as a result . Though these policies are n't popular now , their advocates might well be proved right in the end . There is an analogy here , albeit an unfortunate one , to the recent past . After Sept. 11 , the Bush administration , instead of fixing al-Qaida , Afghanistan , and Pakistan for good , decided to invade Iraq . The Europeans balked—and those who did n't , like the British , are now sorry . After the banking crisis , the Obama administration , instead of regulating the banking system and the mortgage market , decided to devise a massive stimulus package , build a lot of bridges , expand educational spending , and maybe fix health care , too . The Europeans are balking again . Will those who are n't , like the British , be sorry a few years from now ?
At least if that happens , this week 's G20 summit will take on a genuine importance . It wo n't be just another summit , producing another pile of documents , containing another bunch of euphemisms , but rather a turning point . It will be remembered forever as the moment when some of the rich world headed off in one direction and the rest headed off somewhere else . Which might mean it has been worth at least a portion of that $ 75 million .
Do you think that “ vegetarians are idiots “ ? If so , you 'd better shut up about it , or else you 'll get punished for it . This is what is happening to a sixth grader who uttered those words to another student .
“ The case began on Oct. 30 , 2014 , when the two 11-year-old sixth-graders were having lunch in the cafeteria of Montgomery 's Lower Middle School . One of the students , identified in court papers as C.C. , made the comments to another student , K.S. , about their decision not to eat meat . “ The investigation by the school 's anti-bullying specialist , guidance counselor Lesley Haas , found that C.C . told K.S . that ‘ it 's not good to not eat meat ' and that ‘ he should eat meat because he 'd be smarter and have bigger brains , ' according to court papers . “ C.C . also admitted that they told K.S . that ‘ vegetarians are idiots . ' “ [ Vice-Principal ] Haas concluded that C.C . 's comments met the legal definition of harassment , intimidation and bullying under state law because they targeted a student 's ‘ distinguishing characteristic ' and ‘ substantially interfered with the rights of K.S . and had the effect of insulting or demeaning him . ' ”
Telling someone that their nutritional choices is idiotic is hardly “ bullying ” . What makes this worse is that it was declared “ bullying ” because “ K.S . 's vegetarianism was a ‘ distinguishing characteristic ' based on previous bullying cases and that C.C . 's comments were insults .
“ Kennedy cited a Jefferson Township case in which remarks that a student ‘ sucks at basketball ' were found to be unacceptable under state law because they were perceived as being motivated by the distinguishing characteristics of height , intelligence and athletic ability . “ Kennedy also cited a case in Ridgewood in which a student calling another student a ‘ horse ' and ‘ fat-ass ' constituted bullying . ”
How is being told you are an idiot “ substantially interfere ” with one 's rights ? Why should insults or demeaning statements curtail a student 's free speech rights ? How the [ expletive delete ] can a persons dietary choices elevated to an innate characteristic that has nothing to do with nothing , such as race ?
At this point , the schools are punishing people for expressing thoughtcrime . Real bullying is targeted harassment and stalking . Disagreeing with someone is not bullying . It 's only bullying if you target someone and go after them in a sustained level of harassment .
If you are harmed by a “ demeaning statement ” and are insulted or feel demeaned , perhaps you should envigor you constitution by eating some tasty meat .
Tweet
ONLY ELITISTS CARE ABOUT PRONUNCIATION… . Barack Obama pronounces “ Pakistan ” correctly , with a soft “ a , ” just like a lot of people who know what they 're talking about , including Gen. David Petraeus . Apparently , having completely run out of compelling policy arguments to make , some high-profile conservatives have decided to make this their latest campaign hobbyhorse .
The National Review 's Mark Stein , for example , said that Obama prefers the “ exotic pronunciation. ” They added , “ [ O ] ne thing I like about Sarah Palin is the way they says ‘ Eye-raq ' . ”
This came after the National Review 's Kathryn Jean Lopez posted an email that argued , “ [ N ] o one in flyover country says Pock-i-stahn . It 's annoying . ”
The inanity of what the right decides to whine about never ceases to amaze me . That Obama 's pronunciation is accurate is irrelevant . Mispronunciation apparently makes some conservatives feel better about themselves , and raises doubts about candidates who care to get this right . “ Elites ” care about country names ; real Americans do n't .
My friend Adam Serwer 's take was spot-on :
To pronounce something correctly is to be “ ostentatiously exotic , ” while pronouncing something incorrectly is raised to the level of something like a presidential qualification . Meanwhile , there are thousands of Americans of Pakistani descent who are themselves “ ostentatiously exotic ” by virtue of their names ( and it would be elitist of them to expect anyone to pronounce them correctly ) and ancestry . Keep in mind that these are the same people who insist that a culture of ignorance that hold black people back while lauding Sarah Palin 's vast ignorance of public policy as some kind of tremendous virtue . They demand merit from others and only mediocrity from themselves , because said mediocrity is touted as proof of authenticity .
The right 's anti-intellectualism seems to be getting worse , does n't it ?
In the buildup to Borussia Dortmund 's Group F match against Arsenal on Tuesday Jürgen Klopp has told the German press on at least one occasion that they have `` a good feeling '' about the trip to the Emirates . They are , it seems safe to say , far from alone on that score . On the face of it Arsenal against Dortmund is not just the match of the week , a gorgeously intriguing clash of high-intensity attacking styles , it is in its own way a meeting of minds too , a clash of the uber-hipsters .
Arsène Wenger and Klopp have much in common : polyglot tendencies , university education , footballing styles . But it is the almost reproachfully puritanical belief in continuity , team-building and fiscal good sense that links them most clearly . If there is a sensible way to run an elite-level football club in what is at times a bafflingly overheated industry then this – Wenger 's Arsenal , Klopp 's Dortmund – is perhaps it .
For Arsenal the first instalment of back-to-back meetings with last year 's losing Champions League finalists is an opportunity to all but seal qualification to the knockout stages . Beyond this there is something here for everyone , a meeting of the Premier League leaders and the Bundesliga 's second-placed team , both of whom have in the past calendar year produced some gorgeously fast-paced attacking football – plus of course another chance to study on English soil what Klopp himself , unburdened by false modesty , has described as `` most exciting project in European football '' .
Perhaps , in their most heated dreams of managerial succession , it is even a glimpse of what may yet be for Arsenal 's supporters . Certainly it is hard to imagine a more perfectly formed successor to Wenger , who will be 64 on Tuesday , at Arsenal . Klopp has denied being approached by Manchester City and Chelsea in the summer and recently committed themselves to Dortmund `` definitely for the next couple of years '' .
These things rarely work out as they might , and disappointingly for those with an eye on these things Klopp will not even be present on the touchline at the Emirates as they serve the second match of a ban , but for now they have a confirmed admirer in Arsenal 's manager .
`` He has done extremely well and given a new lease of life to Dortmund , '' Wenger said on Monday . `` Like every passionate guy , they have gone a little overboard in Naples and is punished for that . Overall , you can only congratulate them for the quality of the job they have done , it is exceptional .
`` When we played against [ Dortmund ] two years ago , I felt they have quality . After they beat Bayern for the championship , that proved their level of confidence so I was not too surprised they got to the final last year . ''
It is in the quality of their attacking options that Dortmund perhaps shade their hosts . Olivier Giroud has scored four goals for Arsenal in this competition over the last two seasons . Robert Lewandowski scored four against Real Madrid in last season 's semi-final and is well-equipped to provide Arsenal 's defence with its most potent and relentlessly mobile test of the season so far .
Elsewhere the absence of Mathieu Flamini is a significant blow against a team that play with bewildering speed and precision on the break and that have , in Marco Reus , a player who can be devastatingly effective in Flamini 's in-between territory .
Managers Arsène Wenger and Jürgen Klopp . Photograph : PA and AFP
For their part Dortmund have an expert midfield shield of their own in Sven Bender . Their ability to close down the space around Mesut Özil will be key , as will Wenger 's deployment of their own prized German . It may well be an ideal moment for Özil to rove a little to the right , as they did at home against Napoli .
Not that Arsenal will be entirely cowed by opponents who , for all their recent success , often tend to play in spurts . Dortmund kicked off the season with seven straight wins but at the end of last season they went five matches without one , and they have won just three of their last seven going back to the 2-1 defeat in Napoli in September .
This is the start of a vital period : in the next five weeks Dortmund will play Arsenal twice , Schalke , Bayern Munich and Napoli . Perhaps surprisingly , there has already been some talk of player fatigue , even some gripes from the manager about a lack of time with their players . At the weekend Klopp asked their players to `` take a deep breath '' before the Emirates . This might be good advice all round .
BREAKING : Over a Dozen NFL Players Kneel During Anthem at Jaguars-Ravens Game — IN LONDON ( VIDEO )
President Trump lashed out at NFL players protesting the national anthem on Friday while at a campaign rally for Senator Luther Strange ( R-AL ) .
President Trump brought up the NFL players who disrespect our flag and our country by taking a knee during the National Anthem in protest .
The crowd went wild after Trump said , “ Would n't you love to see one of the NFL owners , when someone disrespects our flag , to say ‘ get that son of b * tch off the field right now ! Out ! He 's fired ! He 's fired ! ”
The crowd erupted into cheers and started chanting , “ USA ! USA ! USA ! ”
President Trump on NFL players disrespecting the American flag & national anthem : `` Get that SOB off the field right now – HE 'S FIRED ! ''
👏👏 pic.twitter.com/G1pSDD3D0W — Alex 🇺🇸 ( @ SoCal4Trump ) September 23 , 2017
On Saturday the NFL Commissioner lectured President Trump — not the jackass players kneeling during the national anthem .
Now this…
At least a dozen NFL players kneeled during the anthem before the London game today between the Baltimore Ravens and Jacksonville Jaguars .
They did this in London .
Washington 's legislators do n't have to imagine if public accommodation protections for transgender people result in an uptick of men stalking women in public bathrooms . Just ask other cities with similar protections .
WHEN it comes to criminality , we should treat individuals based on what they do and not on a characteristic such as race , creed , gender , sexual orientation or gender identity . It seems especially un-American to suggest that we should police a minority group based on a fear of what people who pretend to be members of that minority group might do .
I 'm talking about policing transgender people based on what people pretending to be transgender might do in public bathrooms . Somehow , this is seen as reasonable — to some Washington lawmakers .
SB 6443would eliminate Washington 's new transgender state Human Rights Commission rule guaranteeing transgender people access to restrooms and locker rooms according to their identity . The argument ? Some non-transgender men might pretend to be transgender women to enter women 's bathrooms to prey on women and children .
‘ My take ' Got something to say about a topic in the news ? We 're looking for personal essays with strong opinions . Send your submission of no more than 400 words to oped @ seattletimes.com with the subject line “ My Take . ”
Even making the assumption that it 's OK to legislate based on what transgender pretenders might do , reasonable legislators should look to other cities where this issue has come up to see if such fears ever materialized .
Take Gainesville , Fla . In 2008 , a political organization called Citizens for Good Public Policy opposed the city 's gender identity ordinance and initiated a referendum to repeal it . The organization even created a commercial that showed a young girl being followed by a creepy looking man into a public women 's restroom , followed by the warning , “ On January 28 , 2008 your City Commission made this legal . ”
I recently called the Gainesville Police Department and asked what happened after the ordinance became law . Was there an uptick of transgender pretenders ( or transgender women ) preying on non-transgender women and children in women 's public bathrooms ?
Officer Ben Tobias , a public information spokesperson , said , “ I have been with GPD since 2005 and actually worked in the downtown area in 2008 when the ordinance came into existence . I have asked around and none of us can remember any incidents related to the ordinance . ”
That 's eight years without such an incident .
This is one city 's experience among many . Washington 's legislators do n't have to imagine if public accommodation protections for transgender people result in an uptick of men stalking women in public bathrooms . Just ask other cities with similar protections to find out if the Gainesville experience is an aberration . Hint : It 's not .
It 's distressing that the Washington state Senate is considering passing a bill that would , by intention , roll back public accommodation protections for transgender people just because they 're transgender .
The fact that this legislation is based solely on imagined fears of what transgender pretenders might do in public bathrooms , and that this fear is n't even reality-based , is legislating at its worst .
In the survey conducted by TNS Gallup for TV2 , the participants were asked what they think of refugee crisis , what they fear most in the future and whether they would invite an asylum seeker for a cup of coffee .
Six out of ten interviewees believe there are too many refugees and Norway should receive fewer . Only one in ten think the government should accept more than current number .
Also many Norwegians are worried about higher unemployment and increased immigration . According to the survey , 30.9 % are worried about war and conflict , 17.4 percent are concerned about increased immigration and 17.3 % are worried about a new terrorist attack in Norway .
Despite increased concern about immigration , many are willing to share a cup of tea with the refugees . Seven out of ten say they would like to invite an asylum applicant for a cup of coffee , or that they have already done so .
Cody G sent in the following tale :
I know many cyclists out there already avoid Wal-mart for the terrible things they are doing to the world and our neighborhoods , but times are tough and sometimes you find yourself trapped into having to go to their vision center because you do n't have vision insurance . I rode to my appointment this morning as I do not have a car and commute 250+ miles a week by bicycle . Upon arriving I noticed they did n't have any bike racks or anywhere to lock up a bike so I proceeded by visiting the garden center to ask if I could leave my bike by some empty shelves in the corner . Of course the answer was “ no , and it has to go outside of the gates. ” with no further explanation . I thought why not try Customer Service ? Upon arriving to the counter I asked if I could place my bicycle out of the way by the edge of the counter during my eye exam I received a “ no , its against policy. ” I explained that there was nowhere else to lock up a bike ; their response was to [ lock it to ] a pole outside that all you had to do was lift the bike over the pole to steal it . I explained I was n't comfortable with that as I have no other forms of transportation — I quickly received another “ no. ” I asked to speak with a manager for an opportunity to give me a solution in which they had none and told me I had to leave and could not keep my bike in the store for “ liability purposes ” from a store that sells bicycles and lets kids roll around with Heelys . No one offered any solutions , no one offered to help , they had no options for cyclists and told me to lock it up at Best Buy . Apparently you need a car or ride the bus to shop at Wal-marts .
I 'm sure many of you have experienced similar situations…and God help us if we try to go through bank or restaurant drive-thrus on a bicycle ! I do n't think these places actively discriminate against cyclists , but it sure feels that way sometimes . Mostly , folks just do n't get it : “ why would you ride a bike instead of drive a car ? ” and those store policies reflect this ignorance and shortsightedness .
One suggestion I had was to file a complaint with the store manager , or even the corporate headquarters , of any business that does n't offer some type of bicycle-friendly amenities . Obviously , not EVERY store can offer such a thing as a secure bike rack , but surely any place ( grocery stores , big-box retailers ) that has two acres of parking lot can set aside some space , right ?
Offering a solution as part of the complaint is always a good tactic , too . Simply relating the incident and then suggesting a “ fix ” such as adjusting store policies , providing input on a suitable rack location , or offering to meet with and speak with management can work wonders . This way , you 're not just some cranky nut but someone who might be able to offer a real solution !
Also , we can vote with our wallets — shopping at stores who offer reasonable solutions like bike racks or no-questions-asked “ bikes-inside ” policies and shunning those stores who refuse to help accomodate transportation modes other than cars . Let those “ bad stores ” know exactly why you wo n't be shopping there any more ( and that you 've told all your cycling buddies about the situation ) and see how fast solutions might pop up !
We 're interested to hear if any of you have had run-ins with bike-unfriendly shops in your areas . If so , how did you handle the situation ? Any success stories to share ?
Their ability to land large-scale attacks like that of September 11 might be eroded , but the group has another strategy : using our strengths against us
Reuters
A decade after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , national security opinion leaders are converging around the ideas that the threat of terrorism has been substantially reduced over the past 10 years , and that al-Qaeda is on its death bed . `` Al-Qaeda is sort of on the ropes and taking a lot of shots to the body and the head , '' White House counterterrorism chief John Brennan told the Associated Press on August 31 . Defense secretary Leon Panetta said in July that the United States is `` within reach '' of `` strategically defeating '' the jihadi group , and the Washington Post has confirmed that their assessment is shared by many analysts . Commentators in the public sphere are increasingly adopting similar views . But my own research into the group has led me in a different direction : that this emerging consensus does n't just appear wrong , but obviously wrong . Al-Qaeda is n't anywhere near defeated -- for all our triumphalism , it appears to be winning .
MORE ON AL-QAEDA 10 YEARS LATER
J.M . Berger : Anwar al-Awlaki and the Hijackers
William McCants and William Rosenau : We 've Won the War
Thanassis Cambanis : We Still Do n't Get the Threat of Non-State Actors
William McCants : The Man Who Runs al-Qaeda
We are n't safer from terrorism than we were a decade ago . Safety , after all , is a product of our defensive capabilities and resiliency measured against an enemy 's capacity to attack us . While al-Qaeda 's capacity to attack us has n't increased significantly , the United States has far weaker capabilities than it did 10 years ago : even if al Qaeda has experienced a decline in the past decade , then the U.S. has declined more steeply . It 's not that we should fear al-Qaeda : fear tends to be a pointless , even counterproductive , emotional response to potential danger . And even if I am right , that does n't mean we should expand our counterterrorism resources or even maintain their current levels . Overspending on homeland defense , as I argue in my recent book , has been one of our key errors over the post-September 11 decades . So insufficient spending is n't the problem , nor is the problem that we 're not sufficiently worried about terrorism . Rather , if we 're losing , it 's because many analysts seem to massively misdiagnose the nature of al-Qaeda 's threat , and because the policies that derive from that misunderstanding have made things worse.We are n't safer from terrorism than we were a decade ago . Safety , after all , is a product of our defensive capabilities and resiliency measured against an enemy 's capacity to attack us . While al-Qaeda 's capacity to attack us has n't increased significantly , the United States has far weaker capabilities than it did 10 years ago : even if al Qaeda has experienced a decline in the past decade , then the U.S. has declined more steeply .
The U.S. 's economic woes are well known . We have an economy in shambles and a national debt of more than $ 14 trillion . If this continues , we wo n't be able to maintain our current security apparatus and our ability to project power -- both seriously expensive enterprises -- forever . A decade ago , American safety came in part from the fact that we had the capacity , if needed , to ramp up resources to devote to the problem . In the coming decade , fewer resources will be available to devote to counterterrorism and to other problems the country faces ; just look at the political scuffle over finding federal money to deal with the aftermath of Hurricane Irene . In fact , if current concerns about U.S. creditworthiness snowball , the U.S. could come to have drastically fewer resources to deal with its challenges , foreseen and unforeseen .
It 's not just the U.S. that 's cost-cutting . Austerity is now a global phenomenon , with most developed countries trimming -- or severely slashing -- their intelligence and security budgets . Austerity can diminish capabilities as well as spread instability , as we saw in the riots in the UK and Greece . The problem is compounded by resource scarcity -- prices are skyrocketing for everything from oil to rare metals to food -- further constraining the U.S. and its allies . Not only will we be more hard-pressed to prevent terrorism , but it will be more difficult to absorb another attack . Our resilience has eroded in multiple ways , from our weakened economy , which has increased joblessness and slashed personal savings , to the bitter partisan divide fraying American social cohesion . Of course , we ca n't blame everything on the fight against terrorism : al-Qaeda did n't trigger the sub-prime mortgage crisis , for example . But , regardless of how these problems started , they 're good news for al-Qaeda 's mission .
It might be conventional wisdom today that al-Qaeda has been severely weakened , but we 've heard these kinds of claims before . In September 2003 , President George W. Bush boasted that up to two-thirds of al-Qaeda 's known leadership had been captured or killed , and that it had been deprived of its sanctuary in Afghanistan . In April 2006 , the National Intelligence Estimate , which reflects the U.S. intelligence community 's consensus , assessed that `` the global jihadist movement is decentralized , lacks a coherent strategy , and is becoming more diffuse . '' The following month , Bush declared , `` Absolutely , we 're winning . Al-Qaeda is on the run . ''
Al-Qaeda had in fact been weakened by losing its Afghanistan sanctuary , and its leadership did experience attrition -- just as the group has certainly been weakened by Osama bin Laden 's recent death and Younis al-Mauretani 's capture . But are these temporary setbacks from which the group can recover , or permanent losses that will put al-Qaeda into a tailspin ?
Bush and the U.S. intelligence community , it now seems , underestimated the group 's resilience , to serious consequence . As the U.S. shifted resources away from Afghanistan-Pakistan and toward the Iraq theater between 2003 and 2006 , due in part to the belief that victory had been attained over the group , al-Qaeda went about carving out a safe place for itself in Pakistan 's tribal areas . By July 2007 , official assessments of the group shifted radically . The new National Intelligence Estimate , released that month , concluded that al-Qaeda had `` protected or regenerated key elements of its Homeland attack capability . ''
There 's little reason to think that the intelligence community 's understanding of al-Qaeda has drastically improved to have a better perspective on the group 's capacity to rebound . Most analysts believed that bin Laden was in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas , and that they played merely a figurehead role in the organization -- both of which were disproven by the Abbottabad raid and the documents seized there .
The 9/11 Commission Report , which analyzed the factors that allow terrorist groups to execute catastrophic attacks , concluded that they require physical sanctuaries giving them `` time , space , and ability to perform competent planning and staff work , '' as well as `` opportunities and space to recruit , train , and select operatives . '' In September 2001 , al-Qaeda enjoyed one such sanctuary in Taliban-controlled Afghanistan . Today , their affiliates enjoy four : in Somalia , Yemen , Pakistan , and northern Mali . The affiliates in the Sinai and Nigeria have also been growing . And the disrupted but massive urban warfare plot targeting Europe in October 2010 shows that the group retains the capacity to organize large-scale attacks -- even if Western intelligence services are able to stop them in time .
Though they 've failed to launch another large-scale attack , al-Qaeda 's overarching strategy is working fairly well . Even before September 11 , the group was focused on undermining its enemies ' economies . As bin Laden themselves articulated in an October 2001 interview with Al Jazeera journalist Taysir Allouni , the strikes were intended to inflict economic as well as physical damage . Al-Qaeda has returned to this strategy since the collapse of the U.S. financial sector in September 2008 , which once again made the country seem mortal . Jihadis adapted , focusing on what some members call the `` strategy of a thousand cuts . ''
This strategy emphasizes smaller , more frequent attacks designed in part to drive up security costs for their targets . Al-Qaeda operatives have placed three bombs on passenger planes in the past 22 months : Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab 's underpants bomb in December 2009 , followed by two bombs hidden in ink cartridges that were placed on FedEx and United Parcel Service planes in October 2010 . Abdulmutallab 's detonator failed and the ink cartridge bombs were found before their timers were set to explode , but al-Qaeda might not view those incidents as failures . As radical Yemeni-American preacher Anwar al-Awlaki explained , the ink cartridge plot presented a dilemma for al-Qaeda 's foes once the bombs were successfully placed on planes . `` You either spend billions of dollars to inspect each and every package , '' they wrote , `` or you do nothing and we keep trying . ''
Al-Qaeda has not been defeated over the past decade so much as it has been contained . As fewer resources are available to maintain this containment , the threat could rise as our capabilities for policing against terrorism and for absorbing major attacks could fall .
American planners , focused on beefing up security and on securing tactical victories over al-Qaeda , never really took the time to understand the group 's overarching strategy , something that has made sound strategic decisions more difficult . If we understand our safety as our defensive capabilities and resiliency measured against an enemy 's capacity to attack us - keeping in mind that attacks can be economic as well as physical -- it is hard to say that we 've grown safer since September 11 .
The only chance a relatively small and weak actor like al-Qaeda has to beat a strong actor like the U.S. is by turning its strength against it . The group has managed to put the U.S. in a position where many of its offensive and defensive measures -- armies deployed in far-away and hostile places , travel and commerce slowed by cumbersome security theater -- do in fact make the U.S. more vulnerable by exhausting it . That might not be an assault of the sort we experienced on September 11 , but it is still , unfortunately , all too effective .
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
In terms of boardgames , I 'm the kind of guy who usually prefers a story and thematic behind the game rather than just pure mechanic . This has led me towards playing less Eurogames / family games and prefer thematic / dice-rolling ones . So when someone told me to give BATTLE SHEEP a playthrough and that I 'd enjoy it , I thought they were crazy . But hey . Sure . I gave it a whirl . After a few games , I stand before you all now , ready to eat my words . I did enjoy it and , damn , this game was Flocking Fun . : p
The game is amazingly simple . It 's a 2-4 player area control game wherein you try to control the most number of pasture tiles whilst avoiding being blocked off by the other players . Learning time is like 10 minutes and set-up even less than that . Do n't believe me ? Check out the video below ( our very first episode of our Boardgame Setup and Rules show called THE SETUP ) to see for yourself just how simple and fun this game is .
Personally , I love how simple the game is and yet manages to make an awesome experience . One of the first few times I played this game , I played with 3 NON-BOARDGAMERS ( meaning the do n't really play the boardgames of today ) and they REALLY liked the game . They played like 4 games in a row and many laughs were had… and many memorable game moments happened – like locking your own sheep in , cold war negotiations , blaming , and , of course , trash talking . I can not recommend this game enough ! Either buy it immediately or try out a friend 's copy or try it out in a boardgame cafe near you ! ( if they have it ) . Just be sure to TRY IT . You wo n't regret it 🙂
Have YOU played BATTLE SHEEP ? Tell us about your experience in the comments below ! We 'd love to hear about them 🙂
Till next time , everyone ! Keep on gaming !
If you ARE considering to buy this game , you can do so RIGHT HERE ! ( if you 're from the Philippines ) .
In a 6-4 Reds victory over the Phillies , Phillips was 3-for-5 with two RBIs . They began the game with a single to right field and scored the first run ; hit a game-tying RBI double off the left-field wall in the fifth inning and added an opposite-field single to right field in the sixth .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Reds certainly did n't have the series they wanted in Philadelphia by dropping the first two games with walk-off losses after blowing leads . But a big reason they left town in a better mood on Thursday night was the strong night and great series from second baseman Brandon Phillips .
PHILADELPHIA -- The Reds certainly did n't have the series they wanted in Philadelphia by dropping the first two games with walk-off losses after blowing leads . But a big reason they left town in a better mood on Thursday night was the strong night and great series from second baseman Brandon Phillips .
In a 6-4 Reds victory over the Phillies , Phillips was 3-for-5 with two RBIs . They began the game with a single to right field and scored the first run ; hit a game-tying RBI double off the left-field wall in the fifth inning and added an opposite-field single to right field in the sixth .
View Full Game Coverage
That provided what would be key insurance for Cincinnati to hold off Philadelphia late .
Over the three-game series , Phillips was 8-for-15 with three doubles , four RBIs , four runs scored and two stolen bases . They have four consecutive multi-hit games .
`` He 's been great , '' Reds manager Bryan Price said . `` He 's had a really good start to the season . It has n't gone unnoticed that he 's just done a great job not just swinging the bat and defensively , but also getting on base . ''
After they snapped a 0-for-18 stretch on Sunday , Phillips has four straight multi-hit games that has raised their average to .311 with three home runs and 25 RBIs .
Video : CIN @ PHI : Phillips ties game with double to left field
`` It was nice . Phillips had an outstanding [ series ] , '' said Reds starter Anthony DeSclafani , who earned the victory by pitching into the eighth inning . `` Even their outs were hard outs . It 's good to see they were swinging the bat well . ''
The Reds snapped a nine-game road losing streak with the win , the last victory away from Cincinnati came on May 9 . However , Phillips has been a road warrior of sorts this season , batting .385 ( 40-for-104 ) .
`` It 's fun to watch , them hitting the ball the other way . It 's crazy , '' third baseman Todd Frazier said . `` He 's hitting that first pitch a lot . They 're going to throw it over and he 's ready to go . That 's good to see from our leadoff guy getting on base so me and [ Joey Votto ] and [ Jay Bruce ] and everybody can start attacking as well . ''
Amid their strong hitting , Phillips has spent the past several weeks dealing with a nagging turf toe injury on their left foot . It caused them to miss a few games , including three starts in a row from May 26-29 .
Price has used Phillips more lately from the leadoff spot , with Billy Hamilton batting ninth . They believe it 's helped the team offensively .
`` I asked them to step in and be a leadoff man and they handled that job well , and put Billy in a position where he 's done some great things in the nine-hole , '' Price said . `` It gives us a chance for our pitchers to bunt and get guys in scoring position for Billy . That 's something [ Phillips ] did very well last year , which was hitting with runners in scoring position . ''
What are all these small numbers next to my hero portrait ? Why are they in the way of Terrorblade 's intimidating features ? Why is my hero so dang squishy to right-clicks , especially in the late game ( or , if you 're feeding like me , for the entire game ) ? Trigger warning : This post will contain math . As our good friend Cheeks would say , Dota is just one giant math equation , so buckle up buckaroos .
Pictured below is a wonderful Terrorblade , prancing about in a practice match . The two red arrows point us towards their armor . What does armor do ? Armor decreases the amount of damage you take from physical attacks ( enemy right clicks , as well as lots of abilities like Anchor Smash , Quill Spray , Shadow Wave , Slithereen Crush , etc ) .
The number in grey is their main armor . Main armor is defined as a hero 's base armor plus armor gained by agility . Base armor is different for each hero - Terrorblade starts with 7 . Do n't worry too much about base armor - IceFrog assigns each hero their base armor and there 's nothing you can do to change it . But to understand main armor , you need this component . So once you take into consideration Terrorbale 's armor gain from agility , and you wind up with 10.14 , which gets rounded up to 11 . Here 's a fun math equation for all of you keeping score at home :
main armor = base armor + ( agility * ( 1 / 7 ) ) .
10.14 = 7 + ( 22 * ( 1/7 ) )
Again , that 10.14 gets rounded up to 11 , and represents Terrorblade 's main armor , which you see in grey . Each point in agility gets you a whopping 1/7th of a unit of armor . Is it super important that you remember that 7 points in agility equals 1 unit of armor ? Probably not , but we 're doing a deep dive into armor , so this is what you get .
When somebody walks into your life , seemingly unassuming and shows you what courage actually looks like , that 's a person who 's story needs to be shared .
By courage I mean someone who lets themselves be 100 % themselves , says “ yes ” to life and almost by default give permission to those around them to do the same . Zaya is this person and more . Riding is simply a means to a life of opportunity , possibility and ultimately adventure . When so many of us use our machines and gear to express ourselves , they do it through their attitude and character… which transcends the bikes they ride . They are no more cafe racer than they are dirt bike rider and yet when on all the motorcycles I 've seen their ride , they are a natural . Comfortable in their own skin , all smiles and can see the possibility in everyone they meets and anything life throws at them
Originally from Mongolia , Zaya was living in Washington D.C when they made the decision to kick life in the butt . The eternal student , they were looking at yet another degree to remain in the country legally when they finally questioned what it was they really wanted from life . Keen on film making , Zaya needed to do something drastic to kick-start their life into a new trajectory . Rather than take another class they decided to save up , load up their credit cards , filled a bag full of cameras and booked themselves to do all five adventure trails on offer from The Adventurists , aimed to complete them in one year and film the whole experience .
The first four included ; the Mototaxi Junket in Peru - where participants scale the Andes , jungle and river crossings in a three wheeled motorcycle taxi ; Indonesia on a Tuk-Tuk - island hopping in the country 's version of a mototaxi ; The Ice Run - on a Ural ( motorcycle with side car ) through sub zero , snow covered Siberia ; and The Rickshaw run - starting from the Southern tip of India to the north east end , in a rickshaw . While all of these where completed in moto taxis or three wheeled cycles , they where really the “ practice ” run in the lead up to their final and most arduous of the adventures , The Mongol Rally .
The eSports competitive gaming scene has seen an explosion in popularity over the past few years , with notable gaming market research and consulting firm Newzoo now predicting its meteoric rise as an industry to continue its upward trajectory to achieve revenues of $ 465 million in 2017 . With its fan-base and exposure steadily increasing , due partially in part to increasingly high profile performances such as the recent Heroes of Dorm competition aired on national television by ESPN-2 , player interest in developing an eSports scene within the MMORPG genre has seen a similarly steady rise ; unfortunately , this is one idea that just is n't going to work .
The desire to wed eSports and the MMORPG genre is nothing new and has hardly been limited to just the players . Industry giant World of Warcraft once had its arena included on MLG 's roster before being dropped in 2010 , and ArenaNet continues to “ Weekend at Bernie 's ” Guild Wars 2 ‘ s flatlining eSport scene in small , self-hosted competitions to this day . Given the growing popularity of competitive gaming as a spectator sport , this desire for MMORPGs to join in on the success other genres are enjoying should come as no surprise . So why have none of these companies gotten it to work yet ? The problem lies within the very core of the MMORPG experience – they are n't balanced , and they 're never going to be .
MMORPGs are fundamentally designed around the central concepts of progression and customization , ideas that in practice prove antithetical to the degree of balance necessary for a good competitive scene . These differences manifest at every level of an MMORPG 's core systems , with character levels , item levels , stat effectiveness , talent and ability balance , overall class balance , and balance between various group compositions all serving to tilt the playing field in favor of a team before they even step out onto the playing field .
Most of these can be mitigated to some degree , with ArenaNet doing a truly admirable job of removing level and item level disparities completely from Guild Wars 2 ‘ s competitive structured PvP scene ; unfortunately , this really is about the fullest extent to which a developer can be proactive in solving balance problems without lessening the game 's appeal to the genre 's core players .
MMORPGs ( or more specifically – RPGs ) are uniquely positioned to allow their players the largest amount of customization of any gaming genre , a quality that also introduces the largest obstacle to achieving a materially balanced competitive scene . Attaining perfect stat , ability , and class balance is only possible through what ultimately amounts to homogenization – attempts at which have n't been received well by players historically . Whether it be Star Wars Galaxies ‘ monolithically unpopular Combat Upgrade and New Game Experience overhauls , or even something more subtle like World of Warcraft ‘ s talent overhaul in Mists of Pandaria , movement towards skill and class homogenization has almost always been met with staunch resistance from the respective game 's existing player-base . While these types of changes can and do succeed at creating a more balanced competitive scene , they do so to the expense of the character building functionality that MMORPG players of all types hold dear .
Further , this highly valued complexity in character customization introduces serious obstacles to accessibility ; while a newbie spectator can hop into a MOBA stream and appreciate it without a nuanced understanding of the game 's mechanics , MMORPGs by their very nature present a far greater barrier to enjoyment by the uninitiated . So much of what goes on behind the scenes in a character 's build is hidden away from the spectators , unlike in a MOBA , where customization is simple enough to be easily displayed on the game 's scoreboard .
At a time when MMORPGs are losing a bit of the limelight to games better suited to the eSports scene , it 's easy for players and developers to be tempted to hope that their game is going to be the one to live in the best of both worlds – spoiler : it is n't . MMORPGs are great at offering superior character customization in persistent worlds hosting a massive community of players , qualities which are near antithetical to both competitive gaming and spectator engagement . It 's in the genre 's best interests to stick to its core competencies , instead of trying to shove a square peg into a round hole .
Sen. Chris Murphy Christopher ( Chris ) Scott MurphyPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Feehery : Defining what socialism is ( and is n't ) Avoiding the tragedy of Brexit MORE ( D-Conn. ) ripped Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE on Friday , warning that the president-elect is overhauling U.S. foreign policy without a strategy .
`` What has happened in the last 48 hours is not a shift . These are major pivots in foreign policy w/out any plan . That 's how wars start , '' Murphy , a member of the Foreign Relations Committee , said on Twitter .
Murphy added that if Trump is n't pivoting but just carrying out `` radical temporary deviations , '' the real estate mogul could torpedo alliances .
( 3 ) And if they are n't pivots - just radical temporary deviations - allies will walk if they have no clue what we stand for . Just as bad . — Chris Murphy ( @ ChrisMurphyCT ) December 2 , 2016
Murphy 's tweet storm comes after The Financial Times reported that Trump spoke with Tsai Ying-wen , the president of Taiwan .
The move could roil the U.S.-Chinese relationship , as Washington has recognized Beijing as the sole government of China for decades . The U.S. ended official diplomatic ties with Taiwan under President Jimmy Carter .
The Trump transition team said Friday the two spoke about the `` close economic , political , and security ties exists between Taiwan and the United States . ''
Financial Times noted the phone call is the first between a leader of Taiwan and a U.S. president or president-elect since 1979 .
Murphy added that while Trump `` right to shift policy , alliances , strategy '' that it 's time for the president-elect to name an experienced secretary of State .
( 4 ) It 's probably time we get a Secretary of State nominee on board . Preferably w experience . Like , really really soon . — Chris Murphy ( @ ChrisMurphyCT ) December 2 , 2016
That sentiment was echoed by Sen. Brian Schatz , a Democrat from Hawaii .
1 - The world needs clarity on this Taiwan phone call . 2 - We really need a steady hand at State Department . Tomorrow would be perfect . — Brian Schatz ( @ brianschatz ) December 2 , 2016
A senior Russian diplomat also said this week that it Moscow had been in contact with the Trump transition team about the ongoing conflict in Syria . Trump 's son , Donald Trump Jr. reportedly held private talks with a pro-Russia figure last month about how the two countries could work together to end the civil war .
Critics of the president-elect , including Murphy , have repeatedly voiced concerns about Trump 's publicly relationship with Putin .
Ten Indiana beers won medals at the annual 2015 Great American Beer Festival in Denver . ( Photo : Photo © Brewers Association )
It 's the Super Bowl of craft beer festivals , and Indiana breweries scored big this year .
The annual Great American Beer Fest ( GABF ) in Denver brings together the largest collection of U.S. beer served in a public tasting event . It also includes a beer competition , where gold , silver and bronze medals are given to those who have reached brewing excellence .
This year 's panel included 242 judges from 15 countries . They judged 6,647 beers in 92 style categories . Ten Indiana beers earned a medal .
Indianapolis ' Sun King Brewing was among four breweries to earn three medals , including silver in one of the most competitive categories , wood- and barrel-aged beer .
Here is the full list of winners .
Gold
Auburn Lager , Mad Anthony Brewing Co. , Fort Wayne , American Style Amber Lager
Sanitarium , Bier Brewery , Belgian-Style Dubbel or Quadruple
Sunlight Cream Ale , Sun King Brewing Co. , Golden or Blonde Ale
The Sun King Brewing team celebrates a medal win at the Great American Beer Fest in Denver . ( Photo : Photo © 2015 Jason E. Kaplan )
Electric Stinger , The Tap Beer Co. , Bloomington , Honey Beer
Silver
Generation Alt , Flix Brewhouse , German-Style Altbier
Antonius 1742 Oktoberfest , Thr3e Wise Men Brewing Co. , German-Style Märzen
Batch 666 : Sympathy For The Devil , Sun King Brewing Co. , Wood- and Barrel-Aged Strong Beer
Bronze
Qualified , Taxman Brewing Co. , Bargersville , Belgian-Style Dubbel or Quadruple
The Taxman Brewing team wins a bronze medal at the Great American Beer Festival in Denver . ( Photo : Photo © 2015 Jason E. Kaplan )
Cherry Busey , Sun King Brewing Co. , Belgian-Style Fruit Beer
Hot for Teacher Ms. Doppelbock , Thr3e Wise Men Brewing Co. , German-Style Doppelbock or Eisbock
Follow Amy Haneline on Twitter and Instagram @ amybhaneline , and Facebook . Call them at ( 317 ) 444-6281.​
Read or Share this story : http : //indy.st/1FxjHHL
ARNOLD Schwarzenegger had a stand-up row with director James Cameron on the set of Terminator , disagreeing with them over what would become their iconic catchphrase , `` I 'll be back '' .
In their autobiography , the former California governor says they thought the phrase sounded too `` feminine '' , insisting that `` I will be back '' was more rugged and suited to their robot killer character .
`` Our biggest disagreement was about ' I 'll be back ' , '' Schwarzenegger said . `` I was arguing for ' I will be back ' . I felt that the line would sound more machine-like and menacing without the contraction .
`` It 's feminine when you say the 'll , I complained , repeating it for Jim so they could hear the problem . ' I 'll I 'll I 'll . It does n't feel rugged to me . ' They looked at me like I 'd lost my mind .
`` 'Let 's stick with I 'll , ' they said . But I was n't ready to let it go , and we went back and forth . Finally Jim yelled , 'Look , just trust me okay ? I do n't tell you how to act , and you do n't tell me how to write . '
`` And we shot it as written in the script . The truth was that , even after all these years of speaking English , I still did n't understand contractions , '' said the Austrian-born actor .
Schwarzenegger had already appeared in two Conan movies , but 1984 's Terminator cemented their standing as a major Hollywood star , and they still use the `` I 'll be back '' catchprase to this day , in public appearances .
The former champion bodybuilder went on to become one of the most bankable actors in Tinsel Town , before going into politics as governor of California from 2003 until last year .
Their autobiography , Total Recall - named after another of their blockbuster movies - includes details of their marital infidelities , including fathering a child with their housekeeper , leading their wife Maria Shriver to file for divorce .
Originally published as The line Arnie did n't want to say
Mobile message service used by Isis as recruitment and propaganda platform has so far deleted 78 channels in wake of Paris attacks
The encrypted , privacy-focused messaging app Telegram is taking action to block its use by Islamic State , after it was discovered the group was using the app 's public channels to spread propaganda .
Anonymous 'at war ' with Isis , hacktivist group confirms Read more
The feature was launched two months ago , allowing anyone with a Telegram account to broadcast messages publicly . It became the preferred method for Isis to broadcast news and videos of military victories or sermons , according to security researchers .
The activity was flagged to Telegram by users through its abuse reporting feature , which allowed the company to act . In a statement published on its site on Wednesday , Telegram said it has been able to identify and block 78 Isis-related broadcast channels in 12 languages on its site .
“ We were disturbed to learn that Telegram 's public channels were being used by Isis to spread their propaganda , ” it said .
Telegram Messenger ( @ telegram ) This week we blocked 78 ISIS-related channels across 12 languages . More info on our official channel : https : //t.co/69Yhn2MCrK
Alex Kassirer , a counter-terrorism analyst with the New York-based private intelligence firm Flashpoint , said Isis had begun using Telegram broadcast channels to send press releases aimed at recruiting and inspiring followers .
Isis used Telegram to claim responsibility for the Paris attacks , which left 129 people dead , and the bombing of a Russian airliner over Egypt last month , which killed 224 .
Some of the dozens of Isis channels had 10,000 followers or more , said Rita Katz , director of the extremist-monitoring service SITE Intelligence Group , based in Bethesda , Maryland .
By Wednesday afternoon some of those channels could not be accessed , and a message was displayed saying they were no longer available .
Secure messaging
Created two years ago by the exiled founders of Russia 's most popular social network site , Berlin-based Telegram has gained traction as an ultra-secure way to quickly upload and share videos , texts and voice messages .
It uses end-to-end encryption for private messaging between phones , tablets and computers , meaning only the sender and the receiver of the message are able to read it , preventing snooping or interception by third-parties , including security forces . The public messaging feature , which Isis was using is freely viewable by anyone following the channels .
Telegram says it has 60 million active users , which is a relatively small number compared to similar messaging services , including those such as Facebook 's WhatsApp , which also uses end-to-end encryption and has over 900 million users .
Unlike Twitter , which has shut down thousands of accounts tied to Islamic State for violating company rules , Telegram had appeared to let the jihadists operate without fear of being turned off or traced , Katz said .
Telegram explicitly says on its site that it makes efforts to block Isis from its public channels . The company stressed that shutting down Isis channels on the site was not taken to restrict free speech , which it encourages .
“ While we do block terrorist ( eg Isis-related ) bots and channels , we will not block anybody who peacefully expresses alternative opinions , ” Telegram said of its actions .
The company is attempting to tread a fine line between protecting user privacy and political pressure over the Paris attacks .
Telegram co-founder Pavel Durov said to technology site TechCrunch : “ Since channels represent a completely different means of communication , they require a completely different approach . As for private chats , they were and remain sacred to us . There will be no shift in attitude there . ”
Telegram was set up by the two brothers who founded VKontakte , a Russian social networking site inspired by Facebook that counts more than 60 million active users .
Pavel Durov , 31 , the frontman , and their brother Nicolay , 34 , the technical talent , lost control of VKontakte to business people with close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin in 2014 , after battling the government over demands that it block Russian opposition leaders and turn over information about Ukrainian protesters .
The brothers left Russia and moved to Berlin to continue running Telegram , which they fund themselves . The main appeal of Telegram is that it allows users to send strongly encrypted messages , for free , to any number of a user 's phones , tablets or computers .
The first weapon that flew to space was a Makarov gun that was part of a survaval kit of Yuri Gagarin . Since 1982 it was replaced by a specially developed three-barrel gun – TP-82 . It could be required for survival or self-defence in conditions of an abort landing .
Meanwhile the first American weapon in space was a classic knife for survival that was named Astro 17 and resembled a legendary Bowie knife .
In 1984 to protect manned orbital stations and long term manned stations the Soviet Military Academy developed a really phantastic weapon – a fiber laser gun .
The main requirements to the weapon were a small size and ability to destroy optic systems of an enemy .
The main elements of the laser gun ( as any laser ) could be active medium , a pump source and an optical resonator . But it was subsequently decided to replace active medium with fiber optics elements . Disposable pyrotechnic electronic flashes were used as a source of light pumping .
The laser beam of the gun maintains its burning and blinding effect at the distance of up to twenty meters .
Based on the laser gun with a pyrotechnic flashlight there was designed a laser revolver with a drum magazine . Its creators announced the ability of the revolver to convert into a medical tool if necessary .
All experimental works were done manually . They were about to start serial production of the flashlights for the gun however the conversion of the defence industry put an end to the project .
Today this wonder weapon may be seen at the Museum of the Strategic Missile Forces of the Military Academy named after Peter the Great in Moscow .
Subscribe to our Facebook , Twitter to stay updated for the new posts . Also we have many more stories to explore below :
That Tanner Roark has established themselves as one of the best starting pitchers in baseball is remarkable enough , given the right-hander 's path to this point : a 25th-round pick in the 2008 draft who did n't make their major league debut until they were nearly 27 .
That the Nationals acquired this elite pitcher and rotation anchor from the Rangers six years ago in exchange for the final 15 games of Cristian Guzman 's career ... well , that 's almost beyond comprehension .
The Guzman-for-Roark trade deadline deal in 2010 - it also included fellow minor league pitcher Ryan Tatusko coming from Texas to Washington - is among Mike Rizzo 's finest in their eight seasons as Nationals general manager . And it 's not like there are n't several other fine trades on Rizzo 's resume .
Indeed , Roark 's performance during yesterday 's 1-0 win over Madison Bumgarner and the Giants , not to mention their sustained excellence this season ( now 12-6 with a 2.88 ERA ) , left us wondering where exactly their acquisition ranks among Rizzo 's best moves over the years .
Some quick research on every trade Rizzo has made since replacing Jim Bowden in 2009 reveals no shortage of potential candidates . In fact , it was n't easy paring down the full list to the mere top 10 trades of their tenure .
With the glow of Roark 's latest gem still on everyone 's minds , and with the Nationals off today , this seems like a good time for a review of the best trades of the Mike Rizzo era in Washington . We 'll do this in a countdown format , the rankings purely subjective by this humble reporter 's opinion . Please feel free to offer up your own rankings , or mention any other trades that did n't make this particular list ( or even to point out Rizzo 's worst trades , though there are n't nearly as many in contention for that title ) ...
10 . Aug. 3 , 2012 : David Freitas to OAK for Kurt Suzuki and cash
With Wilson Ramos out for the season with a torn ACL and Jesus Flores struggling to replace him , the Nats desperately needed a quality starting catcher . Rizzo found one in Suzuki , who became a key part of the 2012 National League East champs and then the 2013 club as well . Freitas , a fellow catcher and 15th-round pick in the 2010 draft , has played seven seasons for four different organizations and has yet to reach the big leagues .
9 . Feb. 13 , 2014 : Nathan Karns to TB for Jose Lobaton , Felipe Rivero and Drew Vettleson
Speaking of catching needs , the Nationals again needed catching help in the spring of 2014 . They got it in the form of Lobaton , a solid backup with good defensive skills . Karns are highly thought of by some in the Nats front office , but their 4.41 ERA in 51 big league games with the Nationals , Rays and Mariners leaves much to be desired . Rizzo also got Rivero ( a hard-throwing lefty who became a big part of the bullpen in the last year and then became the key piece in acquiring Mark Melancon ) and Vettleson ( an outfielder currently hitting .226 at Single-A Potomac ) .
8 . July 30 , 2016 : Felipe Rivero and Taylor Hearn to PIT for Mark Melancon
Speaking of Rivero , Rizzo was able to turn the lefty into a two-month rental of Melancon , one of the best closers in the game . We wo n't know for sure how this deal works out for some time , but the trade was met with a positive reaction from most corners of the baseball world , where Rizzo was lauded for acquiring their much-needed closer at a price that was far less significant than what it cost to get Aroldis Chapman or Andrew Miller .
7 . Nov. 29 , 2012 : Alex Meyer to MIN for Denard Span
The Nats had a longstanding need for a good center fielder and leadoff hitter , and Span more than adequately filled that need for two of their three seasons in D.C . Injuries derailed their final season with the team , but there 's no debating their impact on the 2013 and 2014 lineups . Meyer , a first-round pick in the 2011 draft , was seen as perhaps the best prospect Rizzo had ever traded to that point . But the 6-foot-9 right-hander has yet to pan out and has dealt with injuries to boot .
6 . June 28 , 2009 : Ryan Langerhans to SEA for Michael Morse
Little was made of this trade at the time . ( It merited one paragraph at the end of beat writers ' daily notebook article . ) But , boy , did it turn out to be a steal for the Nationals . Morse became a force in the middle of the Nationals lineup ( not to mention a fan favorite ) in 2011 and 2012 . Langerhans ? They hit .202 with a .673 OPS in 123 big league games for three different teams after this trade .
5 . Dec. 22 , 2011 : A.J . Cole , Tommy Milone , Derek Norris and Brad Peacock to OAK for Gio Gonzalez and Robert Gilliam
Gonzalez may be erratic and drive you nuts sometimes watching them pitch , but let 's not forget they have been a mainstay in the Nationals rotation for nearly five seasons now , and a pretty good one at that . He 's 60-43 with a 3.49 ERA in 144 starts since the trade . The price to acquire Gio ( three pitching prospects and a catching prospect ) appeared to be awfully steep at the time , but none has realized their full potential in the five years since . Norris has been the best of the group , though a .237-hitting , defensively challenged catcher with occasional power has hardly outperformed the left-hander that came to Washington in the deal .
4 . Dec. 2 , 2013 : Steve Lombardozzi , Ian Krol and Robbie Ray to DET for Doug Fister
There were plenty of Lombardozzi fans upset with Rizzo 's decision to deal the local kid away at the time , but how has that all worked out ? Fister was a godsend for the Nationals rotation in 2014 , and though they are n't the same in 2015 , they still wound up making a significant impact on this organization . Krol has bounced around over the last three seasons , while Ray has flashed potential for the Diamondbacks ( who acquired them after the 2014 season ) but has yet to put it all together .
3 . Dec. 19 , 2014 : Steven Souza Jr. and Travis Ott to TB for Joe Ross and Trea Turner from SD
This may well go down as Rizzo 's finest trade when it 's all said and done , but it 's just a little too early to award it that designation yet . We still do n't know for sure what Turner and Ross will be for the Nationals in the long run . The early returns , though , have been fantastic . Souza has taken advantage of their opportunity to play with the Rays ( 27 homers in 194 games ) but they did n't seem to have much future in D.C .
2 . July 29 , 2010 : Matt Capps and cash to MIN for Wilson Ramos and Joe Testa
When they needed a rental closer at the deadline this summer , Rizzo gave up a promising-but-erratic reliever and a Single-A pitching prospect . When they had the opportunity to trade a rental closer to a desperate contender six years ago , they got back a starting catcher who has blossomed into an All-Star ( and a left-hander who never panned out ) . Six years of Ramos for two months of Capps ... who do you think got the better of that deal ?
1 . July 30 , 2010 : Cristian Guzman to TEX for Tanner Roark and Ryan Tatusko
These are some of the most fun trades to reflect on because there was n't much reason to evaluate it at the time . The 93-loss Nationals were looking to shed Guzman and the remaining money on their contract at the deadline in 2010 , and the Rangers were willing to acquire them in exchange for two minor league pitchers who did n't have particularly impressive resumes . Tatusko was considered the better prospect of the two , but their career fizzled out quickly . As for that Roark kid ... well , you know the story by now . He 's 38-24 with a 3.05 ERA in 108 career games with the Nationals , who control their rights for three more seasons after this one . Not bad . Not bad at all .
Another sign of the apocalypse :
SEATTLE , Washington , February 18 , 2016 ( LifeSiteNews ) – A man twice entered the changing room of a swimming pool and began disrobing , once in front of a young girls ' swim team , saying transgender policies gave them the right to do so . The unidentified man entered Evans pool in Seattle near Green Lake last Monday , February 8 , and began taking off their shirt in front of female patrons . When asked what they were doing , they said , “ The law has changed and I have a right to be here. ” “ Seeing this individual in the locker room , parents of swim team members ( girls ) and women who had paid for lap swim became alarmed and alerted our front desk staff , ” said Seattle Parks spokesperson David Takami in a statement . “ In response , an Evans pool staff member entered the women 's locker room and asked the man to leave. ” They offered both the man and the girls the opportunity to use a family changing room . They left , only to return during a later youth lap swim , Takami said… Some patrons feel the man , who has yet to be identified , exploited the law to peep at women… A similar incident occurred in Olympia in 2012 , when a 45-year-old biological male who calls themselves Colleen Francis lounged naked in a women 's locker room , in an area frequented by girls as young as six . According to the police report an eyewitness stated , “ There were girls 6 to 18 years of age and they were not used to seeing individuals in situations like this. ” But the facility gave them the right to continue using its facilities as they wished .
What kind of parents allow the law to be made so as to allow such perversity ? Obviously protecting children just is n't viewed by their amygdala as being as important as fostering that rabbit utopia where tranny 's can strip naked in front of kids . It is a sad commentary when parents care more for an imaginary tranny that they do n't even know than they care for the well being of their own living children before them .
Notice how that last line is an amygdala hijack designed to reflexively trigger emotional shame in any who oppose it , over both disloyalty and incompetent parenting ability – two things we have evolved to be very sensitive to socially . “ You care more for an imaginary Tranny 's ability to strip naked in front of children than you care for the well-being of your own child . Shameful ! ” It transcends logic and cuts to a deeper emotion that will stifle any debate over the issue – and it is an issue which pops up often :
In a disturbing development , the Danish government is set to drop a requirement that newly arrived migrants prove they are not sex offenders in order to allow “ refugees ” to work with children in nurseries and day care centers . Under current rules it is a legal requirement that kindergartens , daycare centers and nurseries ensure that an employee has not previously been convicted of sexual offenses against children . “ But when the country 's municipalities want to send newly arrived refugees to work at day-care centers , it is often impossible to get hold of the necessary information in their home countries . And therefore , the government is now willing to change the law , ” reports Speisa . “ As I read it , the government is on its way to ( allow ) refugees to be employed in day-care centers without a criminal record certificate . I think it is totally outrageous that one can consider loosen these rules that are intended to protect children from harm , ” Danish People 's Party spokesperson Pernille Bendixen told the newspaper Ekstra Bladet . Under the rule change , Danish citizens would still be required to submit to a background check , but newly arrived migrants would be immune . Michael Ziegler , Mayor of High-Taastrup Municipality , said that the safety of children should not be compromised , but that it was necessary “ to use this part of the labor market ” … Migrants may not be required to prove they are not sex offenders despite a rape scandal that has engulfed the continent over the past year which includes innumerable examples of migrants raping children .
This is the same psychological model which allows a rabbit to purge pups from the nest as quickly as possible , so a new litter can be started . It is an innate lack of concern for the protection of children . You see it in everything from early sexual education for children , to abortion , to allowing trannies in locker rooms with young girls , to not ensuring the migrants working with children ( who come from cultures where pedophilia is normalized ) are not sexual predators . Even as liberals find themselves imbued with this model of psychology , designed to not care what happens to children , they also reflexively feel shame over when called on it .
It is getting to the point that we are all going to end up getting what we deserve , simply because we have n't yet hoisted the black flag and dealt with this degeneracy . As hard as it is to believe , it takes an Apocalypse to raise a village – or at least to protect its children .
Late Thursday night , the United Launch Alliance—a consortium of Lockheed Martin and Boeing—launched a whopping 13 satellites into orbit aboard an Atlas V rocket . One of the satellites , given what we know , is very likely a highly classified spy sat operated by the military 's National Reconnaissance Office .
The logo , of course , includes a freaky yellow-orange octopus wrapping its tentacles around the planet above the words “ NOTHING IS BEYOND OUR REACH. ” The logo is also festooned with the name of the launch mission : NROL-39 .
True , the design is a little strange . It 's certainly bad timing after months of revelations involving rampant NSA spying . But according to one space expert , the logo is most likely an ironic joke done years ago by the mission team .
“ The patches are just a military thing that come from a combination of camaraderie , pride in your job and shared experience , ” emails Brian Weeden , an analyst with the Secure World Foundation and a former captain at the U.S. Strategic Command 's Joint Space Operations Center .
NROL-39 patch logo .
Yes , it looks foreboding .
“ But it 's honestly not much more than a way to express yourself , ” they add . “ Unfortunately , when they are seen by people outside of those groups and stripped of their shared meaning and significance , they often come across in a very different ( and negative ) light . ”
One the other hand , one satellite launched as part of NROL-39 is rumored to be a secretive advanced optical radar known as FIA Radar 3—owing to a similar launch configuration to previous NRO spy satellite launches . If it is FIA Radar 3 , this means the satellite would have been likely salvaged from the NRO 's Future Imagery Architecture spy satellite program , canceled in 2005 after billions of dollars in overruns .
The extent of FIA Radar 3 's capabilities is at best a guess . But optical radar imagers are typically used to see through clouds and bad weather , at night , and are particularly useful for monitoring excavations related to Iranian and North Korean nuclear programs . But that 's a different kind of spying from the NSA .
“ This particular satellite has nothing to do with any of the NSA stuff or illegal spying on citizens . If it 's a radar imagery satellite as many suspects , it 's in line with 50-plus years of satellite-based reconnaissance done by the U.S. , Soviets and many other nations , ” Weeden writes .
“ That 's reconnaissance on other nations , not on citizens . ”
Of the 13 satellites launched aboard the rocket on Thursday , five are built by universities and will conduct various science and imaging experiments ( a full list is available at satellite watch Website Zarya ) . Seven others are military satellites and include the ALICE orbiter which uses carbon nanotubes to conduct lightweight maneuvering experiments .
We also have a pretty good idea what two other military satellites launched on Thursday can do . Named SMDC-ONE 2.2 ( Able ) and SMDC-ONE 2.3 ( Baker ) , acronyms for Space and Missile Defense Command-Operational Nanosatellite Effect , they are designed to link communication equipment carried by soldiers to unattended ground sensors .
If ground sensors—perhaps spread along a remote mountain path in Afghanistan—detects the movement of Taliban fighters , the Army wants soldiers on the other side of the mountain to be able to pick up the signal in a form of beyond-the-line-of-sight communication .
This also means the SMDC-ONE satellites have to be individually cheap—a few hundred thousand dollars per unit—in addition to there being lots of them to form an orbiting constellation . Thursday 's launch includes the fourth and fifth SMDC-ONE satellites launched to date .
Nonetheless , regarding the octopus , the NRO has a history of “ burying little hints and secrets in their patch designs related to the actual mission , ” Weeden explains .
Often they just reflect inside jokes among the program team . But others—although it sounds conspiratorial—have depicted ships for naval reconnaissance satellites or highly-elliptical orbits symbolizing relay satellites and winged dragons for high-orbit signals intelligence programs .
Now with that in mind , look at the octopus a bit closer . As the evil cephalopod nestles over North America , only a single sucking tentacle is actually touching the planet . The others flail about in outer space .
What is that tentacle touching , you might ask ? It 's Afghanistan .
Sign up for a daily War is Boring email update here . Subscribe to WIB 's RSS feed here and follow the main page here .
As the intelligence community 's surveillance of the Trump campaign continues to come to light , it is becoming increasingly obvious that the deep state — which seems used to operating without any real accountablility — underestimated Trump 's ablity to win the election . If Trump pushes back with the full authority of their office , those responsible may soon find they have underestimated them in other ways , as well .
President Trump took to their favorite social-media platform Saturday morning to point to a report by Fox News supporting their claim that their campaign was targeted for surveillance . Trump tweeted , “ Wow , @ FoxNews just reporting big news . Source : ‘ Official behind unmasking is high up . Known Intel official is responsible . Some unmasked not associated with Russia . Trump team spied on before they were nominated . ' If this is true , does not get much bigger . Would be sad for U.S . ”
President Trump — who has claimed for weeks that the Obama administration had their campaign under surveillance — was referring to an online article published on Friday by Fox News . That article , under the headline `` Intelligence official who 'unmasked ' Trump associates is 'very high up , ' source says , '' says , “ Intelligence and House sources with direct knowledge of the disclosure of classified names '' told Fox News that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( shown , R-Calif. ) “ knows who is responsible — and that person is not in the FBI. ” The article also says that an unnamed source with access to information about the case told Fox News that the U.S. intelligence official who is responsible for the “ unmasking ” of the names of a number of private citizens associated with the Trump campaign is someone “ very well known , very high up , very senior in the intelligence world . ”
As more information in this case becomes known , one thing is becoming clearer : President Trump 's tweet on March 4 claiming that the Obama administration had them and their team under surveillance — going so far as to wiretap Trump Tower — was not worthy of the scornful treatment it received from the liberal mainstream media . As this writer said in an article at the time :
The recent kerfuffle first came to light on Saturday , when President Trump took to their favorite social media platform with a series of tweets :
• “ Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my ‘ wires tapped ' in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism ! ”
• “ Is it legal for a sitting President to be ‘ wire tapping ' a race for president prior to an election ? Turned down by court earlier . A NEW LOW ! ”
• “ I 'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October , just prior to Election ! ”
• “ How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process . This is Nixon/Watergate . Bad ( or sick ) guy ! ”
The crux of the whole thing is that the intelligence community — hell-bent on proving some type of “ Russian connection ” — crossed some lines that should never have been crossed in an attempt prove what looks more and more like the unprovable . As this writer wrote just three days after the president 's tweets about wiretapping ( and while the liberal mainstream media was still painting a picture of a paranoid , tinfoil-hat-wearing Trump ) , the wiretapping appears to be part of a bigger attempt to discredit the president :
As part of the investigation into alleged — and unproven — connections between the Trump campaign and Russia , the Obama administration appears to have wired Trump tower for sound . The New American previously covered the intelligence community 's attacks on Trump — first as a candidate , then as President-elect — including the release of a “ dossier ” purported to show that Trump was both under the control of and the beneficiary of Russian intelligence services . Claiming that Russian President Vladimir Putin wanted Trump in the White House , Trump 's enemies in politics and the intelligence community — with an assist from the liberal mainstream media — pushed forward with an “ investigation ” to prove those claims , while ignoring clear evidence that the Clinton campaign had direct ties to Russia .
And — as the Fox News article President Trump tweeted about Saturday shows — there is not any real doubt that that surveillance was taking place and that it included quite a few private citizens who were involved in the Trump campaign . And that those private citizens were “ unmasked ” ( or had their names and communications included in the intelligence reports about the surveillance ) . This is outside the normal boundaries for this type of surveillance . As the Fox News article explains , “ For a private citizen to be ‘ unmasked , ' or named , in an intelligence report is extremely rare . Typically , the American is a suspect in a crime , is in danger or has to be named to explain the context of the report . ”
Since none of the people in the Trump campaign were suspects in any honest meaning of the word , were in danger ( unless you consider being on the intelligence community 's radar as being in danger ) , or needed to be named to explain the context of the report ( which context is simply that there was nothing going on that justified the surveillance in the first place ) , there is no justification for their names and communications to have been collected , much less included in the reports .
This type of gross overreach is a mark of the deep state . Hopefully — by targeting Trump and the people close to them — the agents of the deep state have gone too far this time . If President Trump pushes back with the full weight of their Article II authority and has the support of enough in Congress with its Article I authority , the deep state may get deep-sixed . And frankly , it 's high time .
Photo of House Intelligence Committe Chairman Representative Devin Nunes ( R-Calif. ) : AP Images
`` The cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be . Our feeblest contemplations of the Cosmos stir us—there is a tingling in the spine , a catch in the voice , a faint sensation , as if a distant memory , or falling from a height . We know we are approaching the greatest of mysteries . '' -Carl Sagan
If you looked out at the planets in the Solar System orbiting our Sun , you 'd expect that if you know where they are right now and how quickly they 're moving , you can figure out exactly where they 're going to be at any time-and-date arbitrarily far into the future . That 's the great power that comes with understanding the laws of nature that underlie any physical system : in this case , the laws of gravity that governs the motion of planets in our Solar System .
Image credit : Chaisson , Eric ; McMillan , Steve , ASTRONOMY , 2004 .
And if the planet you were observing was n't where it appeared to be , you 'd assume that one of two things were amiss .
Either there 's extra mass somewhere in the Solar System that 's throwing off the motion of the planet you 're looking at , due to the effects of its gravity , or Your understanding of the laws of gravity are incomplete , and need to be upgraded or modified in some way .
Believe it or not , this has actually happened twice before in our own discovery of the Solar System .
Image credit : original source Michael Richmond ; modifications by me .
For some sixty years after its discovery , Uranus posed a great mystery . Kepler 's and Newton 's laws were well-known , and yet Uranus ( green , above ) was observed to move more quickly than its predicted orbital speed , then to move at the predicted speed , and then to move too slowly . The laws of gravity could have been wrong , in principle , but a large , unseen mass ( dark blue , above ) even farther out could have been affecting its orbit . The discovery of Neptune in the mid-19th Century was the extra mass that was missing from our picture , and explained the anomalies in Uranus ' orbit .
Image credit : French Wikipedia user Dhenry .
On the other hand , Mercury 's orbit was observed to precess , or to have the elliptical path it traced out rotate in space with respect to Earth . Some of this precession was predicted , both from the difference between a calendar year and an orbital ( sidereal ) year here on Earth and from the presence of the other known masses in the Solar System . But there was some extra precession beyond what was predicted . There could have been an extra planet interior to the orbit of Mercury ; that could have explained it .
But what turned out to be the case was that Newton 's law of gravity was n't the entire story , and needed to be replaced with Einstein 's theory of general relativity . It was only when Einstein 's theory made additional ( non-Newtonian ) predictions that were then confirmed , such as the bending of starlight by gravitational mass , that our theory of gravity was upgraded .
Image credit : Hyper-Mathematics - Uzayzaman / Spacetime .
Well , since that time , there have been additional challenges to how gravitation works in our Universe , albeit on much larger scales than our Solar System .
From the 1930s to the 1970s , galaxy clusters and individual galaxies had their speeds measured very precisely for the first time . This meant that the speeds of individual galaxies in clusters could be measured relative to the center-of-mass of the cluster itself , and the rotational speeds of spiral galaxies could be measured relative to the center of the galaxy itself . In both cases , it was found that the motions did not line up with the predictions of general relativity in a Universe where matter was made up primarily of protons , neutrons , and electrons .
Image credit : Rogelio Bernal Andreo of http : //blog.deepskycolors.com/about.html .
Again , in principle , there are two reasonable possible resolutions to this conundrum .
Either there is some unseen mass/matter out there , or The laws of gravity need to be modified/enhanced once again .
The leading candidate for the first scenario is the addition of some type of dark matter to the Universe , while the second scenario requires MOND , MOG , the relativistic TeVeS , or some similar type of modification . I 've written about these possibilities many , many , many , many times before , but there 's one very simple test that you can apply to tell which of these two possibilities are consistent with our actual Universe . A test that -- spoiler -- the advocates of # 2 are terrified of bringing up in their own papers .
Image credit : Mark Subbarao , Dinoj Surendran , and Randy Landsberg for the SDSS team .
You look at the Universe on the largest scales . Not on the scale of stars , nor at individual galaxies , not even at clusters or supercluster of galaxies , but at the entirety of the visible Universe . Those scales , the largest possible scales .
Because on those scales , there 's no denying that gravitational forces dominate , and the other forces are all but insignificant . If you can accurately measure how the Universe clusters on the largest scales , you can compare the predictions of a general relativity + dark matter-dominated Universe with what you observe , as well as a no-dark-matter + modified gravity Universe , and see what you get . Below is the prediction of the standard ΛCDM cosmological model ( GR + dark matter ) .
Image credit : Michael Kuhlen , Mark Vogelsberger , and Raul Angulo .
In particular , it 's the largest scales -- all the way on the left -- that are the best and most robust test of these two scenarios . While many other variables enter into play ( and the uncertainty rises ) the farther to the right you 're willing to go , the largest scales are the simplest and most straightforward test of which of these possibilities is correct . Why 's that ?
On these scales , simulations are not required , and the way the largest-scale structures in the entire Universe are distributed/correlated ( which is what the Power Spectrum measures ) is known , exactly . So what do we see when we look out at the Universe on these largest scales , and compare with the predictions of these different scenarios ?
Courtesy of Scott Dodelson , I present to you the one graph that incontrovertibly settles the matter , at least for the time being .
Image credit : Scott Dodelson , from http : //arxiv.org/abs/1112.1320 .
Those red points ( with error bars , as shown ) are the observations -- the data -- from our own Universe . ( Courtesy of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey . ) The black line is the prediction of our standard ΛCDM cosmology , with normal matter , dark matter ( in six times the amount of normal matter ) , dark energy , and general relativity as the law governing it . Note the small wiggles in it and how well -- how amazingly well -- the predictions match up to the data .
Now look at the blue curves : these are models with no dark matter . The dotted blue curve is what you 'd get in a no-dark-matter Universe that abided by general relativity . The `` wiggles '' you get are far too large in amplitude , and the spectrum fails to rise on progressively smaller scales as required by our Universe . The solid blue curve is what TeVeS -- the relativistic version of MOND -- predicts . It can raise the overall amplitude of the Universe 's power to an appropriate level at a few select points , but the spectrum is all wrong . Ruinously wrong . It 's not even close to viable .
And until those in favor of modifying gravity can successfully predict the large-scale structure of the Universe the way that a Universe full of dark matter does , it 's not worth paying any mind to as a serious competitor . You can not ignore physical cosmology in your attempts to decipher the cosmos , and the predictions of large-scale structure are some of the most basic and important predictions that come out of physical cosmology . And that 's why the Universe needs dark matter -- and not MOND , MOG , TeVeS , or any other dark-matter-free alternative -- in one all-important graph !
As many as four out of five cases of schizophrenia can be traced back to genes inherited from the child 's parents .
By applying a new statistical approach to data collected on more than 30,000 pairs of twins , researchers have produced the most accurate figures to date on risk factors for the condition , potentially helping us identify the genes responsible for its symptoms .
Scientists from the University of Copenhagen , Denmark , dipped into a pool of information collected through their national Danish Twin Register and combined it with data from the Danish Psychiatric Central Research Register to come up with a whopping sample of 31,524 twin pairs , all born between 1951 and 2000 .
Twins are a fairly solid way to determine whether a condition was inherited at conception or is the result of other environmental factors .
So-called identical twins – or monozygotic twin pairs – inherited the same sets of genes from their parents .
Comparing characteristics found among them with those in dizygotic twin pairs ( or non-identical twins ) can provide a strong indication of whether it was caused by genes or something in the environment as they developed .
While this is good in theory , biology is a messy affair where lots of numbers are needed to come to a reliable conclusion . It can be challenging finding enough twins with the condition being studied to participate in a study .
In the case of schizophrenia , the neurological condition affects just under 5 out of every 1,000 individuals at any given point in time , making it especially difficult in collecting enough data on twins .
Thus , Denmark 's big national register combined with sharp statistical tools has turned out to be an excellent way to go .
A similar twins study conducted in Finland in 1998 using a smaller sample from their Finnish National Population Register concluded heritability of schizophrenia to be 83 percent .
Another analysis conducted in Sweden in 2007 broke the risk down between the sexes , finding genes to be the cause of schizophrenia in 67 percent of female cases and 41 percent in male .
These numbers are n't helped at all by the fact that schizophrenia itself is a disputed condition . Like autism in days past , the word attempts to cover a broad spectrum of causes and symptoms that needs to be better labelled or split up altogether .
In an attempt to get a better grip on the statistics , the researchers in this latest study calculated two estimates , on both a narrow definition and a broader schizophrenia 'spectrum ' disorder .
For the more narrow definition they estimated genes determined the condition 's diagnosis in 79 percent of total cases .
When expanded to include those with a schizophrenia spectrum disorder , the number dropped to 73 percent .
`` This study is now the most comprehensive and thorough estimate of the heritability of schizophrenia and its diagnostic diversity , '' says researcher Rikke Hilker from the University of Copenhagen .
`` It is interesting since it indicates that the genetic risk for disease seems to be of almost equal importance across the spectrum of schizophrenia . ''
The research also provided an average age of 28.9 at which the symptoms of schizophrenia become significant enough for a diagnosis .
Twin studies are useful tools , but are based on the fair assumption that twins reflect the same inheritance patterns of the general population .
There is also the question of how much each national database can be generalised to other parts of the world .
The tug-of-war debate of nature versus nurture often hides the complexity of disease and disability .
Even the inheritance of a gene can be complicated by the editing effects of epigenetics , or so-called post-zygotic mosaic mutations that take place shortly after conception .
Individual genes have been linked with schizophrenia in the past , and based on this study 's results there are almost certainly more to be discovered in the future .
The boundaries and definitions of this serious mental condition might shift around , but no matter what we call it , those who suffer from schizophrenia 's debilitating effects will benefit from knowing more about its underlying causes .
This research was published in Biological Psychiatry .
Their smile broadening , Alvaro Morata reels off some of their managerial influences .
‘ Last week I saw a photograph from the FIFA coaches ' conference and as I scanned across , I 'm thinking , “ I 've played under Zinedine Zidane , Carlo Ancelotti , and Jose Mourinho at Real Madrid. ” Then there was Max Allegri at Juventus , ' they say .
'Now I am with Antonio Conte , who originally signed me for Juve . I am only missing a Guardiola or a Klopp ! '
Scroll down for video
Alvaro Morata moved to Chelsea in a £58million deal from Real Madrid in the summer
Morata celebrates scoring their side 's first goal at Leicester in the Premier League last Saturday
The forward gets involved in training alongside team-mate Marcos Alonso at Cobham
Morata , the strapping new Chelsea forward signed for £58m from Real Madrid this summer , is not intentionally name-dropping here .
This 24-year-old has simply enjoyed a remarkable start to their career in football . For Real Madrid and Juventus , they scored over 100 goals and won 12 major trophies including four league titles .
They were part of two Champions League winning squads at Madrid and in the black and white stripes of Juventus , they scored in the 3-1 final defeat by Barcelona in 2015 .
They have shared dressing rooms with football 's most recognisable names ; from Cristiano Ronaldo to Gianluigi Buffon at club level and a host of World Cup winners with Spain .
It goes some way to explaining why this engaging Spaniard is not fazed when asked to comment on one of the week 's more delicate topics .
Antonio Conte is the latest high-profile manager Morata has worked with in their career
Morata and their wife Alice are prolific on social media , sharing pictures on Instagram
Chelsea fans have taken rapidly to their new frontman but controversy arose when the terrace chant for Morata at Leicester City last Saturday included an anti-Semitic reference to Spurs supporters .
Chelsea have described the chants as ‘ unacceptable ' while Morata had already tweeted to ask that supporters ‘ respect everyone . '
‘ It 's clearly a sensitive issue , ' Morata begins . ‘ There are many ways to enjoy yourself at a game and to cheer on your team or your favourite players . But I am clear . I am against any songs that will offend people on the basis of religion or race . We need to cut it out .
‘ Football is only a sport , let 's use it as a positive vehicle . It 's not just that but kids who follow us and who want to be like us one day and we need to set the best example to them in the stands . By all means , cheer me on , sing my name , sing songs about Chelsea but let 's avoid this chant . The fans have been extremely welcoming to me and hopefully we can move forwards together now . '
* * * *
Morata is sincere in their views and thoughtful company . This is their first newspaper interview since joining Chelsea and it is not often that they have had the chance to pause and think as they come to terms with the helter-skelter pace of English football .
In a lavish summer window where £58m ( rising to beyond £70m ) does not appear extraordinary , it is worth remembering that Morata 's transfer makes them the most expensive player in Chelsea 's history and the most expensive Spanish footballer in the world .
‘ When I first came , I felt a lot of pressure . The price tag is a big deal . I missed an important penalty in the Community Shield . I knew straight away I would need to grit my teeth and that there would be a load of criticism . It only made me more determined to prove any critics wrong and work harder than ever before . '
Morata arrived amid a backdrop of unease during a peculiar summer at Chelsea . It featured the Diego Costa episode , several stories of transfer targets that went awry and an opening day defeat by Burnley at Stamford Bridge .
Morata talks to Sportsmail 's Adam Crafton and reflects on their tophy-laden career to date
Morata started the 3-2 defeat on the bench but came on to score . Conte immediately set them on a weight gaining programme and Morata has added muscle without sacrificing pace . They have scored three goals and provided two assists already . Curiously , all five of those moments have come courtesy of Morata 's head , so you can quite imagine the carnage that might ensue once Morata discovers their shooting boots .
They grin .
‘ If I score every game with my head , no problem . I do n't care if it 's a bobble off my knee or it goes in off my arse , a goal is a goal ! At Real Madrid , I did head drills with Cristiano Ronaldo . You see them go up for headers , that spring and power , they are a real beast .
'At Juventus , I saw Fernando Llorente , how they find space and directs their headers . I like the physical challenge . Last week , I played against Wes Morgan and Harry Maguire ... big guys . Cesc Fabregas was putting in good corners that I thought I could get to and bury but there were some coming in and I could n't even get a jump up against those guys .
'But then I got between them to score . You have to be clever . I 'm not worried - at Juve I trained against Giorgio Chiellini and Leonardo Bonucci every day . '
The Spanish forward , who can list Juventus among their former clubs , performs kick-ups
Morata assists Cesc Fabregas stretch off during a training session at Chelsea 's training ground
They screw up their face and winces . They have compared playing against Chiellini as akin to going ‘ into a cage with a hungry gorilla and trying to take theirs food ' .
‘ Kick , kick , kick ! , ' they laugh . ‘ Pepe at Real Madrid is a great guy - they did n't kick me as much . I think the Italians saw this handsome kid coming from Madrid , where it is a bit softer , and it was a good education . They were great mentors . '
At Juventus , there were testing times . On one occasion , they went 100 days without scoring a goal . A young man in a foreign country , confidence began to ebb away and they became a little withdrawn .
‘ It 's hard as a striker . It 's cut and dry . Your job is to put the ball in the back of the net . OK - we like to say how a striker creates space and influences matches in other ways but let 's not pretend : at the end of the season , the best striker everyone talks about is the top scorer .
'In that period , where I could n't score , you start driving yourself mad . It goes through your head constantly “ I need a goal ” “ I need a goal ” . The more you think , the harder it gets . Goals flow when you play with a smile and do n't think too much .
‘ I can over-analyse . I think a lot , maybe too much , about chances I 've missed . Sometimes I 've scored in a game we have won but I will go home and watch the chance again or say to my wife “ I should have scored there ” .
‘ At Juve , during that spell , I changed my car , my haircut , my boots , everything to try and end the duck . The dressing room helped me through . They were direct , face-to-face . They 'd give it to you straight .
'No secrets or hiding , it was like a family . When you have a problem at Juve , you do n't moan and you do n't cry , you confront it , work through it together and improve yourself . I speak with Buffon still and we swapped shirts after the Italy game against Spain recently . '
* * * * *
They recovered their form and credits their wife , the Italian model Alice Campello , with improving their mindset and approach to life .
They are a vibrant couple , who have posed for celebrity magazines in Spain and married this summer in Venice . Their marriage proposal went viral on the Internet when they hijacked a magic show in Madrid to go down on one knee in front of a 1,000-strong audience .
‘ I was so nervous . I was leaving the house with the ring and getting everything ready . They had no idea what was coming . I was so shifty that I think they thought I was seeing someone else ! '
The frontman , who will face Arsenal on Sunday , poses with a pair of adidas football boots
Having spent two years at Juventus , Real Madrid exercised their option to buy Morata back last summer . Madrid briefly considered selling them immediately to cash in on their progress . Tottenham showed an interest , while Conte also made direct contact with Morata . As it transpired , Zidane decided to keep Morata at the club and they contributed 20 goals as Real won La Liga and the Champions League .
Yet they did not start any of the knock-out rounds of the Champions League as Zidane preferred Karim Benzema to spearhead the attack . On the eve of a World Cup year , Morata made the decision to leave .
‘ Zidane wanted me to stay and I was happy in Madrid . But I could n't stay to be a substitute . You reach a point that you need to play , to grow up , to escape a comfort zone . It 's about being comfortable . I do n't want that . I am ambitious and hungry to succeed .
‘ For Spain , the more I play , the more goals I score , the more chance I have of making the World Cup and starting games . '
Morata 's transfer to Chelsea did not always appear clear-cut . At one stage , it seemed Morata would be destined for Manchester United to be reunited with Mourinho , the man who took them on three pre-season tours as a teenager and gave them their Real Madrid debut . So was there contact from Mourinho ?
‘ Yes . I had various offers this summer , not only Chelsea and Manchester United but also from different leagues . It was a good situation for me . The most important and best conversation I had been with Conte , they wanted me to come here . At the start of the summer , I did n't know that Chelsea were interested in me . I thought they were in for a different player .... '
Morata and their new wife Alice pictured on their wedding day during the summer
Do they mean Lukaku ? ‘ Maybe Lukaku or maybe someone else , I do n't know . I did n't think the option of Chelsea was open . '
‘ But I spoke with Conte several times - and not only this summer . I felt in debt to him . They signed me for Juventus but left very quickly to manage Italy . I always wanted to play for them after that . It was only two months with them but it felt like I 'd known them forever . When I knew they wanted me this summer , I did n't think twice . I did everything I could to make the move happen .
‘ Last summer it was close . Cesar Azpilicueta was a bit annoyed because they had already started house-hunting for me last summer . We 'd even got estate agents on board . This time Cesar has sorted everything !
‘ When I spoke to Conte last summer , I said “ If I 'm going to leave Real Madrid , it will only be for Chelsea ” . I remember I was with my wife after hearing them out conversation and I said “ Chelsea are going to win the league this season. ” And that 's exactly what happened . Now we need to repeat it ! '
Unlock Agility with the adidas Ocean Storm NEMEZIZ 17 range . Designed for players to disrupt the game , get yours at www.adidas.co.uk/nemeziz
Williamson County Clerk Amanda Barnes , center , watches as Tammy O'Daniell-Howell shakes the hand of Bryan Reikena after O'Daniell-Howell won the coin toss to win the election for Colp Village , Ill. , April , 20 , 2017 in Marion , Ill . The election resulted in a coin toss after both candidates both received 11 votes during April 's consolidated election . ( Isaac Smith/The Southern , via AP )
MARION , Ill. ( AP ) — A coin flip has decided who will lead a tiny southern Illinois town after an election this month ended in a tie .
Tammy O'Daniell-Howell is the new village president of Colp , home to about 250 residents , after the coin toss Thursday .
Williamson County Clerk Amanda Barnes says opponent Bryan Riekena let O'Daniell-Howell choose heads or tails . They picked heads and that 's where it landed .
Barnes says both candidates inspected the 2016 North Dakota quarter before the event and that they “ let it just fall to the ground . ”
The candidates each received 11 votes in the April 4 election . Illinois law calls for coin flips to settle ties .
Barnes says the quarter was “ the shiniest one ” they could find in the office .
Colp is about 120 miles southeast of St. Louis .
Tor is a system that lets you use the web , email , instant messengers , and other internet protocols without your internet service provider being able to track you . Basically , Tor accomplishes this by routing your internet traffic through a series of servers all over the world making you pretty much untraceable .
The Tor team recently launched a free Android application called Orbot which lets you use Tor on a Google Android handset . It 's not available from the Android Market yet ( although it should be soon ) , but you can install Orbot either by scanning the barcode on the right with your phone or by visiting the Tor on Android web page .
Tor works a bit differently on different versions of Android . In a nutshell , if you have an Android 1.x device , you 'll want to install the ProxySurf browser from the Android Market and/or the Beem instant messenger app . Then follow the instructions from the Tor on Android page for configuring these to use the Tor network . If you do n't do this , your data will not be anonymous .
Things are a bit trickier if you have an Android 2.1 phone like the Google Nexus One or Motorola Droid . If your phone is rooted ( meaning , you 've hacked it so that you can access settings that are n't normally available ) , then all you have to do is install Orbot . When it 's running , all of your traffic will automatically be routed through the Tor network .
But if your Android 2.1 phone is n't rooted , you 're pretty much out of luck when it comes to web browsing , because there 's no web browser in the Android Market at the moment that supports proxy servers . Android 2.1 users can still use the Beem IM client for instant messaging though .
via Boing Boing
Daily Headlines LET 'S ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE WAR ON DRUGS IS A FAILURE -- AND LEGALIZE MARIJUANA by Johnny Hickman , ( Source : San Angelo Standard-Times )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
Texas
-- -- -- -
Everyone knows that the American drug war is a total failure .
Having spent $ 1 trillion in the last 40 years , we now find that marijuana is cheaper , more potent and readily available to anyone who wants it . During the past 10 years , polls show that public school students consistently say that marijuana is easier to get than cigarettes or alcohol .
It is high time to end the insanity . Prohibition did n't work with alcohol and it wo n't work with drugs either .
The drug war is all about greed , power and control . The government and law enforcement lose more credibility every day that they maintain their irrational , narrow-minded stance against legalization . We the people need to stand up and speak out for full legalization of marijuana and industrial hemp as soon as possible .
Marijuana should be legalized for several reasons . We need cannabis hemp for medicine , food , fuel and fiber . Marijuana is good medicine for many ailments and lately has been shown effective against cancer .
We should stand up for our rights . We should be allowed to light up a joint for relaxation and recreation . It 's no different from the average Joe kicking back and having a couple of beers after a long day 's work . What we do in private is our own business , not Big Brother 's .
No one has died from a marijuana overdose ; it is not toxic to the human body . Alcohol and tobacco are bad for you , and addictive too , but they are legal . Think about how many people die each year because of alcohol and tobacco abuse . Cannabis is no more addictive than coffee .
Ever wonder why marijuana is illegal ? Greed , yellow journalism , racism , outright lies and vicious , misleading propaganda were used by William Randolph Hearst ( newspaper publication , timber and paper industry ) , the DuPonts ( plastics made from oil ) , the Rockefellers ( big oil ) and our government to get hemp banned in the first place . They were afraid of the competition then and they still are .
The drug czar when the federal government declared war on marijuana in 1937 , Harry Anslinger , used lies , racism and underhanded politics to further the agenda of the rich and powerful . Every drug czar since then has followed in Anslinger 's footsteps . Nowadays , $ 18 billion is wasted each year on marijuana prohibition . Our government forces marijuana prohibition on other nations , causing hardship and increased crime .
Want to talk about addiction ? Our government is addicted to the profits from the drug war . It is a sad fact that our own government no longer has the best interests of the American people at heart .
The federal government 's insistence that we must not grow hemp because there is no way to discern industrial hemp from marijuana is absurd ; they have different growth habits and appearance . Inspectors in other nations that do grow industrial hemp have no problem figuring out the difference .
The powers that be who are pulling the strings that control our federal government are doing everything they can to keep knowledge about the benefits of marijuana and industrial hemp from you because Big Oil , Big Pharma , Big Lumber , Big Law Enforcement , Big Tobacco and Big Alcohol realize that their cash cow ( the lost drug war ) is at stake .
Big Pharma knows marijuana is good medicine but does n't want you to have it unless they can control it ; they 're after the money . But they ca n't patent a natural plant . Many medical organizations agree that marijuana is good medicine for a wide variety of ailments .
Big Brother knows that legalization would put the power and the money back in the hands of the people and they hate the very thought of that . They are willing to be heavy-handed , to use blackmail and to lie to the American public to keep marijuana from being legalized . All those hundreds of thousands of men and women ( many of them very young ) who have been incarcerated for cannabis should be released so that they can resume their productive lives .
Within three or four years , we could be making enough alcohol from hemp to allow us to almost completely quit using gasoline . Fuel prices would go way down . Hemp oil is an excellent lubricant . That 's why Big Oil fears cannabis hemp mightily . It would cause them to lose their stranglehold on us and nations of the world .
Hemp will grow anywhere , from deserts to mountains to rain forests . It is much better for our environment than other crops such as cotton and makes much better products . Small farmers would have a way to make a better living . We could stop cutting down our old growth forests .
The huge amount of money being made by organized criminals will suddenly be reduced significantly ; crime would decrease ; Mexico finally would be allowed to legalize . The drug cartels in Mexico would lose a huge portion of their business overnight .
Cannabis hemp is the world 's premier renewable resource . Legalize it , regulate it , tax it at a reasonable rate . Keep it illegal for minors , just like alcohol . This new income would provide a much-needed boost to our economy .
It is no longer a question of if cannabis will be legalized but when . Recent CNN polls show that close to 95 percent of Americans are in favor of legalizing medical marijuana and a Pew poll shows that 46 percent of Americans favor full legalization of marijuana and that support is growing .
If you are not sure whether cannabis should be legalized , inform yourself ; study everything you can find out about it , then you will be convinced that legalization is the right thing to do . God put this herb on the earth for us to use . Let 's use it wisely .
MAP posted-by : Richard R Smith Jr .
Share This Article Pubdate : Wed , 23 Mar 2011
Source : San Angelo Standard-Times ( TX )
Copyright : 2011 The E.W . Scripps Co .
Contact : http : //www.gosanangelo.com/forms/lettertoeditor/
Website : http : //www.gosanangelo.com/
Details : http : //www.mapinc.org/media/865
Author : Johnny Hickman
http : //www.attractionchecklist.com – It 's time to experience and review one of the oldest shows currently running at Walt Disney World , the Electrical Water Pageant ! Recorded on May 26 , 2017 .
Bonus content for this episode is available to the Saturday Morning Media Patreon Patrons . Support the show and get fun Bonus content over at http : //www.patreon.com/saturdaymorningmedia
Intro Bumper by Paul of Window to the Magic – http : //www.windowtothemagic.com
INTRO TRANSCRIPT
We 've got something a little different this episode as we take a look at a classic Walt Disney World attraction that is not inside one of the four parks but on the waters of Bay Lake and the Seven Seas Lagoon ! It is the Electrical Water Pageant ! It 's not listed in any guide maps , but it is described on the Walt Disney World website in the following manner : Great sea creatures and twinkling flags cross the lagoon to electronic tunes in this playful nighttime water parade .
Before we experience this nighttime classic , here are five fast facts about Walt Disney World 's Electrical Water Pageant .
1 . The 15 Minute Long Electrical Water Pageant debuted on Monday , October 25 , 1971 making it one of the few original opening year shows that is still running at Walt Disney World .
2 . The Electrical Water Pageant consists of 14 floats which contain over 50,000 light bulbs to light up the parade 's turtles , whales , octopus and sea serpent ! It is said that crews replace anywhere from 100 to 1500 bulbs a week to keep the floats in tip top shape .
3 . Guests today can see the same floats in the same order dating back to 1977
4 . The Electrical Water Pageant runs up to six times a night at various locations on the Seven Seas Lagoon and Bay Lake . Guests can watch from locations including the Polyneasian resort , Fort Wilderness Campground and Disney 's contemporary hotel .
5 . The electrical Water Pageant was the inspiration behind the Main Street Electrical Parade ! The music piece Baroque Hoedown which is commonly associated with the Main Street Electrical Parade was originally featured in the Electrical Water Pageant !
Now it 's time to light up the night with the the Electrical Water Pageant . If you have headphones , put them on now as this is a binaural recording . And stay tuned after the audio to hear my thoughts on this attraction as you 'll be hearing my first time experiencing Walt Disney World 's Electrical Water Pageant .
FOLLOW US
http : //www.facebook.com/attractionchecklist
http : //www.facebook.com/saturdaymorningmedia
http : //www.twitter.com/SaturdayMMedia
https : //plus.google.com/+Saturdaymorningmedia
https : //www.linkedin.com/company/saturday-morning-media
http : //www.youtube.com/user/SaturdayMorningMedia ? sub_confirmation=1
FOLLOW GRANT
http : //www.MrGrant.com
http : //www.twitter.com/toasterboy
https : //instagram.com/throwingtoasters/
Sources :
WALT DISNEY WORLD WEBSITE
https : //disneyworld.disney.go.com/entertainment/magic-kingdom/electrical-water-pageant/
WIKIPEDIA
https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electrical_Water_Pageant
BUILD A BETTER MOUSE TRIP
http : //www.buildabettermousetrip.com/electric-water-pageant/
DISNEY DAY BY DAY
http : //disneydaybyday.com/tiggerific-tuesday-trivia-electrical-water-pageant/
Show ©2017 Saturday Morning Media/Grant Baciocco
Ancient Shrine That May Hold # Buddha 's Skull Bone Found in Crypt https : //t.co/sRCHNitFcC pic.twitter.com/sBGydy5f6J — Live Science ( @ LiveScience ) June 30 , 2016
Siddhartha Gautama , who lived over 2,500 years ago in northern India , is known by a lot of names , though he 's usually known simply as the Buddha .
That 's because it was on their teachings that modern-day Buddhism is based , even if little is known about their life .
But some archaeologists recently said that they may have found at least some proof of the Buddha 's existence : a piece of their skull , which they say they discovered in a centuries-old model of a Buddhist shrine , in a crypt beneath a temple in China , according to Live Science .
Is it really a bone from the Buddha ? It 's hard to say , but an inscription inside the sandalwood model shrine claims that it is , though in a paper , the archaeologists do n't say definitively one way or another .
All we have , then , is the inscription , written by someone known only as Deming , who tells a complicated tale about how the Buddha 's body was separated into 84,000 pieces after their death , with 19 of those sent to China , according to Live Science .
The bone was originally stored in a different temple , which was destroyed in wars around 1,400 years ago , which was how it came to rest underneath a temple in Nanjing , where archaeologists found it .
Or so Deming says .
`` Donatello '' Here in Japan It 's expensive to import parts to it came out costing alot more than I originally wanted to spend . But I want to ride this bike all over the world so I will be upgrading parts as I see fit . Now I 've got the headset/cranks done . And I 'm working on the wheels . But for now it feels pretty good . I 'm liking it so far . Thanks for stopping by .
Frame :
2012 Leader 722 Heritage Edition Green 58cm Fork/Headset :
S803 v2 Heritage Chrome / Ritchey Logic® Crankset/Bottom Bracket :
Shimano Dura-Ace Octalink 7710 167.5mm polished / Shimano ES25 Octalink Pedals :
Animal Hamilton PC / FRS Burro Reggie Drivetrain/Cog/Chainring/Chain :
Dura Ace 7710/ Sadio 17t / Sugino Zen 46t / Izumi Super Toughness V Handlebars/Stem :
Nitto EAI B259 / Leader Plissken Saddle/Seatpost :
Kashimax Aero ( Padded ) / Nitto S65 300mm Brakes :
Diacompe Levers / Diacompe Calipers Front Wheel/Hub/Tire :
H+Son TB14 Black / Hoshi spokes / Purple Nipples / Starfucker Mohican Hub Polished / Resist Nomad Skinwall Rear Wheel/Hub/Tire :
H+Son TB14 Black / Hoshi spokes / Purple Nipples / Starfucker Mohican Hub Polished / Resist Nomad Skinwall Accessories :
Knog Blinders Front and Rear Mizuki Bell Misc . green valve caps . Omamori from Todaiji in Nara . For `` Health and Long life ''
France 's ambassador to Copenhagen , who in February attended a free speech event targeted by an Islamist gunman , on Monday honoured two Danish men who were killed in the twin attacks
`` We have a debt towards those who left us , '' Francois Zimeray said at a ceremony attended by Denmark 's justice minister , Søren Pind .
Filmmaker Finn Nørgaard was posthumously bestowed with one of France 's top cultural honours -- the Chevalier des Arts et Lettres whose former recipients have included T.S.Eliot , Audrey Hepburn and Cate Blanchett .
Jewish security guard Dan Uzan was awarded a medal of courage by the French embassy in Copenhagen .
Nørgaard was on February 14th shot dead by gunman Omar El-Hussein outside a free speech and blasphemy event hosting controversial Swedish artist Lars Vilks , who caused an outcry with their 2007 sketch of the Prophet Mohammed as a dog .
`` Some of us tried to escape through a back door , '' Zimeray said , adding that they had been sitting `` not far '' from the filmmaker .
But Nørgaard `` went in the opposite direction . They went where the powder smell and the noise came from . A few minutes after I saw them lying on ( his ) back , '' they said .
Volunteer Uzan was killed hours later outside a Copenhagen synagogue , after which El-Hussein was killed in a shootout with police outside the assailant 's home .
`` Unfortunately there are many volunteer guards that stood and today have to stand guard around the world , '' Uzan 's father Sergeot Uzan said , referring to the security threat against Jewish communities .
Monday 's ceremony was also attended by Latifa Ibn Ziaten , the Morocco-born mother of French paratrooper Imad Ibn Ziaten who was killed in March 2012 by Islamist gunman Mohamed Merah in Toulouse .
Claiming inspiration from Al-Qaeda , Merah shot dead a rabbi , three Jewish children and three French paratroopers , before being killed during a stand-off with police at their home .
Jaunt wants to give you something to watch on makeshift virtual reality headsets like Google Cardboard , Dodocase , and Mirage . So today the 360-degree camera and VR production software maker launches its free Android app featuring the first of many planned VR content releases : on-stage and front row views of Paul McCartney playing “ Live And Let Die ” at San Francisco 's Candlestick Park .
Load the app up on an Android phone , slip it into a VR headset , and you 'll be close enough to see the former Beatles ' face strain to hit the high notes . The Jaunt app could prove VR 's magic to a wider consumer audience and draw more content makers to its camera and end-to-end production platform .
A quick preview of Jaunt VR 's “ The Mission ” WWII film made in partnership with New Deal Studios
“ The philosophy behind the company is to make [ VR content ] production really easy , ” Jaunt VR 's CTO Arthur Van Hoff tells me . “ We have a camera you can record with on set , preview [ what you just shot ] , process the content in a fully-automated backend system , and very quickly create a VR experience that 's pretty good quality . Then you can use post-production to really finesse it. ” That idea has brought in $ 35 million in funding from investors including Google Ventures , Redpoint Ventures , SV Angel , and British Sky Broadcasting .
After years of VR hardware that does n't make you sick being just a dream , rapid improvements over the last few years mean there 's “ so many headsets available that that 's not really a bottleneck ” says van Hoff .
Jaunt 's app will work Google Cardboard and the $ 25 Dodocase cardboard headsets you put together yourself , and the foam Merge headset . Next month , Samsung will start shipping its Jaunt-compatible mobile Gear VR headset that has you stick in a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 as a screen . And eventually , Jaunt plans to create a version of its app that 's compatible with the first consumer Oculus headset coming out soon .
For now , though , it 's the lack content to play on the headsets that 's the problems . So Jaunt 's goal is to “ create enough high-quality content that people will see this as a viable new medium to consume regularly . ”
That led Jaunt to the world 's longest-running rockstar through a friend of a company . van Hoff recounts that when Jaunt gave Macca a demo , “ Paul McCartney was blown away , saying ‘ Oh my god , I 've seen the future . We need to do something together . I 'm playing at Candlestick tomorrow . Why do n't you come record . ”
Jaunt set up its 14-lens , 360-degree cameras on stage next to Macca 's piano and in-front of the front row at the final event at the former 49ers stadium . “ He loves the creative possibilities [ VR ] gives him , ” says van Hoff . Jaunt 's hardware will compete with fellow VR cameras like Samsung 's Project Beyond and Red Camera .
I tried out the concert experience , and its both a worthy demo of VR and an accurately vivid portrayal of a McCartney show ( I 've seen them three times ) .
You 're dropped on stage and It 's hard not to feel the bashfulness and excitement when you look out onto massive crowd . The picture looked sharp on an Oculus DK2 , and everything was laced together well enough to prevent dizzyness . You 'll be shocked by the pyrotechnics , and lament the modern condition when you see no faces in the front row , just a wall of people holding up their camera phones .
The camera switches can feel a bit jarring , unfortunately . Also , you 'll be tempted to step or lean forward hoping to a get a little closer look at Sir Paul , but will be disappointed to find you 're stuck in place . While passive content experiences like Chris Milk 's Beck concert are sufficiently stimulating when the cameras move on tracks , you can get a little antsy stuck in place while the action unfolds around you .
Jaunt will have plenty of opportunities to get better at VR cinematography . In conjunction with New Deal Studios , which has worked on the Star Wars prequels , Jaunt has a horror movie , World War 2 action film ‘ The Mission ' , and a kaiju monster flick ( previewed below ) in the works , as well more concerts with big-name DJs . The CTO tells me Jaunt is “ Hoping by the end of the year to have half a dozen pieces of content in the app . ”
While a lot of the focus on VR has been around gaming , van Hoff says Jaunt is thinking about “ ‘ How do we make VR accessible to a much larger audience ? ' By focusing on the entertainment experience. ” With cinematic content , there 's no skill required , no controller . “ You do n't need to learn much ” van Hoff says with a smile . Their parents would never play a video game , but they understood why VR was important from just a quick jolt of Jaunt content .
Getting its VR experiences out in the world , and attracting more creators to its platform will refine that entertainment experience until it gets better and better . van Hoff asks “ How do you do a narrative story ? How do you direct the viewer 's attention ? Where does the camera man sit ? All things we need to invent and discover again. ” Need is the key word . By the time Samsung Gear VR and the Oculus Rift are out in a few months , VR nerds will need amazing content to show their less tech-inclined friends .
van Hoff concludes , “ We need to get past the novelty . ”
OAKLAND — Calling it a “ bankrupt ” policy , the Public Ethics Commission at a hearing Wednesday offered strong criticism of the city 's use of free tickets to Golden State Warriors games and other events at Oracle Arena and the Coliseum .
“ I do n't think there 's another ( group ) that benefits from the use of any product or service provided , ” Commissioner Dana King said . “ We have a marijuana commission , they are n't getting free pot . It just from the jump seems grossly unfair to the people of the city of Oakland . They are not benefiting from these tickets in any large way . ”
The special hearing Wednesday is the start of the ethics commission 's investigation into the ticket policy . The city has free use of a luxury suite at the arena through its lease with the Warriors . Alameda County and the city-county authority that runs the Coliseum complex also each have their own suite . The city and the county own the complex .
Under the policy , politicians or city staff must list a purpose for attending the events . Most often , the stated purpose is reviewing or inspecting the facilities , but some ethics commissioners said there is little proof that work is being done during games .
“ These people certified on their behalf that they were going to oversee the facility when in fact they were going to enjoy the game , ” said ethics Commissioner Stephen Shefler , who called the policy “ bankrupt . ”
On Wednesday , the ethics commission heard testimony from Scott McKibben , executive director of the Oakland Alameda County Coliseum Authority ; Sukhi Brar , senior commission counsel for the California Fair Political Practices Commission ; and JoAnne Speers , professor of ethics and public policy at the University of San Francisco .
As part of its investigation , the commission is reviewing the city 's ticket distribution policies and problems with it , and also how other cities distribute tickets , said its executive director , Whitney Barazoto .
For instance , Santa Clara officials do not take any free tickets to events at Levi 's Stadium . In Sacramento , the city has hired a person to oversee who gets tickets to the new Golden 1 Center , home of the Sacramento Kings .
Speers recommended Oakland designate someone to oversee who gets the free tickets .
“ From an ethics standpoint the end goal of any policy is avoiding the perception that decision making is influenced by the availability of the tickets , ” Speers told the commission .
An investigation by this newspaper last month found City Council members and top officials hoarded tickets for themselves and sometimes doled them out to cronies and campaign contributors .
Under the state ethics law , the Fair Political Practices Act , officials may use the tickets themselves or give away tickets to games if there is a clearly stated public purpose to justify it . But it often does not work that way .
Council member Larry Reid took 356 tickets , always in pairs of two , over the Warriors ' past three seasons through the joint authority , which they chair , almost always listing the public purpose as inspecting the arena 's operations . But when asked about those tickets , Reid said they rarely attend games and gives the tickets to their children and friends .
There is no public record of who actually used those tickets .
Council member Abel Guillen gave tickets to people who contributed to and volunteered for their campaign , calling them community volunteers who deserved rewards for their efforts .
Council member Noel Gallo said they and others are given an envelope “ with a bunch of tickets ” to do with as they wish . Like Reid , Gallo submitted disclosure forms to the city claiming their public purpose was to oversee the area , but said they really gave the tickets away .
In this episode , Matt Tait , aka @ PwnAllTheThings , takes us on a tour of Russia 's cyberoperations . Ever wonder why there are three big Russian intel agencies but only two that have nicknames in cybersecurity research ? Matt has the answer to this and all your other Russian cyberespionage questions .
In the news , we mourn the loss of Howard Schmidt , the first cyber czar and one of the most decent men in government . Then we descend into the depths of the Trump wiretap story . I reprise some of my views from Lawfare . Michael Vatis is not persuaded .
After Microsoft 's refusal to provide data stored in the cloud outside the U.S. was upheld in the Second Circuit , things looked rosy for its position . But now two magistrates in a row have rejected that position . Michael and I discuss the latest ruling .
Maury Shenk is now our official commentator on the legal consequences of Internet-enabled toys . This time it 's teddy bears , whose interactions with children and parents were exposed by hackers .
More seriously , Maury praises an impressive new analysis of China 's 50c army of tweeters . It turns out that everything we thought we knew about the 50c army is wrong .
Just in time for an early spring , we have harbingers of the coming fight over reauthorization of the 702 intercept program . Director of National Intelligence candidate Dan Coats promises to put a number on the U.S. persons whose communications are caught up in the program , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and other NGOs turn on both the U.S. government and Silicon Valley to urge that Privacy Shield be held hostage to changes in the program . And the incoming Commerce Secretary , Wilbur Ross , endorses Privacy Shield , a move that may validate EFF 's tactics .
As always , the Cyberlaw Podcast welcomes feedback . Send an email to [ email protected ] or leave a message at +1 202 862 5785
Download the 153rd episode ( mp3 ) .
Subscribe to the Cyberlaw Podcast here . We are also on iTunes , Pocket Casts , and Google Play ( available for Android and Google Chrome ) !
The views expressed in this podcast are those of the speakers and do not reflect the opinions of the firm .
Barça do n't want to waste time with the Neymar case and have asked the player to make a definitive decision on their future before they return to Barcelona next Tuesday after their visit to China . Barcelona is aware that they will need several weeks to correctly manage the money received for the player and do n't want to lose more time .
Obviously , if Neymar left , it would significantly change Barça 's planning for next season and therefore want to give themselves as much time as possible . The club also believe that Neymar 's silence is damaging the club and that this impasse has to be resolved next week at the latest .
In a survey conducted by Sport , 91 % of fans thought that Neymar was showing a lack of respect to Barça by flirting with PSG and , above all , their silence . This afternoon , Neymar will attend a Nike publicity event but it is unlikely they will comment on their future .
Do-gooders in startup land ? !
Meet Y Combinator 's first class of non-profits
Matt Ewing Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 26 , 2014
Silicon Valley 's top startup program , Y Combinator , graduated its first class of non-profit startups yesterday .
As the genre defining startup accelerator , this is a pretty big deal . YC is the same institution that brought us household names like Airbnb , Dropbox , Reddit and many more .
Traditionally they 've been very focused on finding the next billion dollar company—and they 've been quite good at that . So , what will it look like when they start working with non-profits ? Well , now we have a few answers .
First , let 's meet the class
CareMessage : Uses SMS and automated voice technology to help hospitals and other care providers increase their engagement with at-risk patients .
Immunity : Crowdfunding their new approach to developing an HIV vaccine—and , if successful , they 'll offer it for free .
OneDegree : Basically , Yelp for social services . Aims to make it easier for individuals discover non-profit social services ( like low-cost dental , or job training ) .
Zidisha : Peer-to-peer micro-lending . Like Kiva , but with lower interest rates ( achieved by keeping things p2p , instead of using local financial institutions ) .
NooraHealth : Trains families to care for loved ones after they leave the hospital .
CodeNow : Teaches kids in low-income communities to code through a mix of online and inperson training .
Some trends emerge
Product focused .
5 of the 6 are creating ( mostly software ) products—and the one outlier is helping kids learn to create software products . This is n't surprising . The product focus means these non-profits will be able to benefit from YC 's core expertise of helping young software companies grow quickly .
Inspiring—and non-controversial .
These organizations all share super inspiring missions . But , it 's also important to note how non-controversial they all are . Who could be against creating an HIV vaccine ?
Closely related is that none of them have structural approaches towards making the world a better place ( i.e . advocating for schools to start teaching software dev in the classroom ) . Instead , they all focus on providing services . In other words , the belief that non-profits should play an important role in challenging or changing existing institutions and laws does n't seem to fit into YC 's selection criteria .
Donation dependent ( for now ) .
Interestingly , most of these startups seem to depend on donations for income . I have n't seen any their business models , but tellingly 5 of the 6 had a large donate button on their homepage . I can easily imagine that most could ( and perhaps are already planning to ) transition to a revenue generating approach , but it does n't appear to be where they 're starting from .
This is noteworthy because a big trend in the broader non-profit tech community is focusing on product based revenue generation from the get-go—so you 're not as dependent on the whims of major donors or subject to the long timelines and reporting requirements of major foundations .
I suspect that as the YC mentors gain more experience in watching their startups go through the process of raising major donations , you 'll see more of these non-profits launching with baked in revenue generation models .
What it means beyond YC
Y Combinator casts a long shadow in the tech world . So , bringing non-profits into the mix has the potential to create some really interesting change outside of the program itself .
Training Silicon Valley heavyweights to become donors
Despite it 's massive accumulation of wealth , the tech industry is n't great at giving money away . Part of this is because there is little cultural focus on the virtues of being a donor . If you belong to a church , you 're encouraged to make a donation every week . If you 're an middle-aged executive at a major corporation , you 're encouraged to join some community organization 's board or at least host a fundraiser . Most founders and VCs have none of these influences .
YC has a huge role in setting cultural norms in SV , and beyond . It 's been great to see YC founder Paul Graham talk up Watsi ( the first YC backed non-profit , which they sit on the board of ) and YC partner Paul Bucheit offer a $ 10 donation for each person who mentioned Zidisha on Facebook/Twitter . If this level of engagement continues , hopefully you 'll see more if seep throughout the eco-system as it becomes normalized .
This has the potential to not only unlock a lot more money for non-profits , but also to create some really valuable mentors and connectors .
You can change the world with non-profits too ? !
Silicon Valley is filled with really well intention people who want to change the world and make it a better place . Unfortunately , two other trends often get in the way :
A very generous interpretation of what changing the world means ( i.e . “ Our photo sharing app is going to change everything ! ” ) A conviction that venture backed for-profit startups are the only vehicles capable of such change .
Simply by accepting ambitious , world changing , non-profits into it 's program , YC is showing us all what 's possible and helping to blow up both of these narrow minded trends .
So , here 's to hoping this is the beginning of a new wave of big-thinking , do-gooder , world-changing startups that are solely focused on impact , not tax status .
Update : Thoughts from a YC founder
Rey Faustino , founder at One Degree , reached out to me with a few of their thoughts on this piece . At their suggestion , I 've included their email below . Oh , and just case you wanted to read even more , I 've included my response to them as well .
Rey 's thoughts :
Thanks for giving us the opportunity to respond to your post . We were really excited to see your writing about the nonprofits in the batch , and we just wanted to correct a few things :
I would strongly disagree with your assessment that “ none of [ us ] have structural approaches towards making the world a better place ” . I 'll just speak specifically about One Degree here , although the other nonprofits are each pretty remarkable in their long-term vision . We believe we 're actually confronting a very important structural problem that exists in the nonprofit world and shifting power to those who are the most underserved and unheard in our community by giving voice to actual users of services . It 's not sexy , it 's not “ controversial ” in the sense that it 's going to rile up politicos , but it 's a very real problem that we think can eventually make a huge impact on about 49 millions people living in poverty ( and 80 % of us who will face it at some point in our lives ) .
You also mention “ 5 of the 6 are creating ( mostly software ) products. ” One Degree is definitely a software product , but Immunity Project , Zidisha , and CodeNow are not , and I 'm not sure I would classify NooraHealth or CareMessage as primarily software products either — most of their service occurs offline or in SMS .
You also note that “ most of these startups seem to depend on donations for income . I have n't seen any their business models. ” In fact , Zidisha , NooraHealth , and CareMessage each have earned revenue streams ( these were all in their pitch ) , and we ( One Degree ) intend to pilot one soon as well . Regardless , many for-profit startups are starting from a place of investment rather than earned revenue as well , so I do n't think using reliance on donations as a starting point for nonprofits should be surprising or disappointing .
My thoughts on their thoughts ( as expressed in the email I wrote back to him ) :
An amendment introduced by Rep. Walden represents the most serious threat to net rules yet . Rider to defund net rules passes
An amendment that would block funding of the Federal Communications Commission 's new net neutrality order cleared the House on Thursday , on a 244-181 vote that fell mostly along party lines .
The measure is now part of the continuing resolution the House will continue debating this week . It further sets the stage for a political showdown over the FCC 's open Internet order – especially if Republicans find a way to add it to their version of the spending plan , though doing so could prove politically impractical .
Story Continued Below
The vote arrives a day after both House and Senate Republicans introduced twin resolutions of disapproval , as they formally seek to overturn the FCC 's net neutrality rules . The Senate proposal , in particular , has enough signatures to force it onto the calendar , but it is likely President Barack Obama would veto it .
Earlier in the day , by a voice vote , the House voted in favor of the amendment , but a recorded vote was requested .
“ I am pleased that my colleagues in the House accepted my amendment to ensure the FCC does not have the funds to implement the controversial Internet regulations , ” Rep. Greg Walden ( R-Ore. ) , author of the measure , said in a statement . They referred to it is a “ stop-gap ” solution and said they would work toward “ passing a more permanent solution . ”
That vote represents the most serious legislative threat to net neutrality yet . As part of the budget bill needed to fund the government , it will be difficult to veto if it reaches President Barack Obama 's desk .
There were no surprises in the debate preceding the vote .
Staunch Democratic supporters of net neutrality came out against the amendment .
`` We should n't use the appropriations process to stop the FCC from doing its job , '' said Rep. Henry Waxman ( D-Calif. ) , ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee .
Republicans argued passionately in favor it .
“ If you believe that the miracle of innovation [ the Internet ] took place… because the government got out of its away , you would support this amendment , ” Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart ( R-Fla. ) said .
Image caption First Minister Arlene Foster said they would not step aside because they had done nothing wrong
First Minister Arlene Foster has again said they will not stand down over the controversial Renewable Heat Incentive ( RHI ) scheme and said calls for them to do so were `` misogynistic '' .
Mrs Foster set up the scheme in 2012 when they were minister for enterprise , trade and investment .
It was an attempt by the Northern Ireland Executive to help to increase consumption of heat from renewable sources .
RHI is approximately £490m over budget .
The DUP leader has turned down offers of an interview with BBC News NI , but told Sky News they would not stand aside as they had done nothing wrong .
They claimed some of the calls for them to do so were personal and some were because of them gender .
`` There 's a lot of it personal . There 's a lot of it , sadly , misogynistic as well , because I 'm a female , the first female leader of Northern Ireland , '' they said .
`` I 'm here because the electorate put me into this position . I take the responsibility very , very seriously and I intend to see it through . ''
Analysis : BBC News NI Political Correspondent Gareth Gordon
Arlene Foster and the DUP have come out fighting in characteristic form .
I think some people will find the misogyny line hard to take .
Among those , as late as yesterday , calling for them to go , is the Alliance leader Naomi Long .
And it 's not just Sinn Féin who have been calling for them to go , with virtually every other party in the assembly [ also doing so ] .
But I suppose it suits the DUP to make this , if there is going to be an election , which there could be , as a battle between them and republicans - that this is a strong unionist leader standing up to republicans .
Speaking on Sky News , Mrs Foster accused Sinn Féin of being on a `` party political mission '' to get them to stand aside in order to weaken unionism .
`` Just because I 'm a woman , it does n't mean I 'm going to roll over to Sinn Féin . I 'm not going to roll over to Sinn Féin . I 'm not going to roll over to my political opponents , '' they said .
Image copyright tchara Image caption The Renewable Heat Incentive scheme is approximately £490m over budget
`` I 'm going to deal with the issues in front of me because that 's what the electorate want me to do . ''
'Quite nasty criticism '
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton backed their party leader : `` If you go and do even the simplest of searches online and social media you will find some quite venomous , some quite nasty criticism of Arlene personally - abusive of them personally - much of which is gender based .
`` The criticism being stoked by some within the media and other political parties for their particular reasons is then fuelling that abuse . ''
Mr Hamilton said over the holiday period they and Mrs Foster had been `` working on our preferred option for cost control , that is an option that will come at no cost to the Northern Ireland budget and will keep the scheme running as originally intended '' .
`` We need to take some further legal advice around that , but that 's the plan that we 're working on , a plan that will reduce that liability to effectively zero . ''
They said that the terms for an independent inquiry were worked out in consultation with the attorney general and sent to Sinn Féin who , so far , had not responded .
But on Wednesday , Sinn Féin MLA Conor Murphy said they were `` insufficient '' and that there was no agreement with the DUP on the terms of reference for an investigation .
Last month , Mrs Foster apologised for its lack of cost controls but defended their own role in the scheme .
Businesses were receiving more in subsidies than they were paying for renewable fuel and the scheme became majorly oversubscribed .
'DUP are in denial '
Other politicians have dismissed Mrs Foster 's allegations of misogyny .
Sinn Fein 's Michelle O'Neill told the BBC Nolan Show : `` This is not an Orange and Green issue , or a gender issue . This is about a financial scandal which has the potential to cost the public purse hundreds of millions of pounds '' .
They also said their party 's ministerial team is meeting on Wednesday to discuss the issue .
`` The DUP are in denial about the growing public outrage at the misuse of public funds in the RHI scheme and the serious allegations of incompetence , corruption and abuse '' .
Image copyright Press Eye Image caption Nichola Mallon said calls for Arlene Foster to stand down had nothing to do with their gender
SDLP MLA Nichola Mallon said their party 's response to : `` ... this financial fiasco , the biggest financial scandal to hit this place in the history of devolution would be the same regardless of whether it was a man or a woman at the heart of it all , or whether for that matter it was a unionist or nationalist '' .
They added : `` This has absolutely nothing to do with Arlene Foster being a woman or being a unionist , this is about incompetence , with possible corruption and with unquestionable arrogance from the minister at the heart of it all - Arlene Foster . ''
TUV leader Jim Allister said that for Mrs Foster to suggest misogyny was behind criticism of them was `` beyond belief '' .
`` What lies behind this is great public distaste and unease about to squander of public money , squander made in Stormont , a squander made by Arlene Foster .
`` It 's nothing to do with gender , it 's the fact that they authored the RHI scheme . ''
Image copyright Press Eye Image caption Alliance leader Naomi Long said the accusations of misogyny were nonsense
Alliance Party leader Naomi Long said it did a great disservice to women in public life `` to play the sexism and misogyny card when that is not the issue at stake '' .
`` To suggest that wanting to hold women to the same level of accountability as their male counterparts is in some way sexist or misogynistic is a nonsense , '' they said
`` In fact , to hold them to a lesser standard would be sexism and misogyny . ''
Ulster Unionist Steve Aiken said it was a `` distraction technique '' by the DUP .
Image : Jon Mountjoy/Flickr
While working as a counterterrorism intelligence agent for the US Air Force in Africa , tracking Joseph Kony and the Lord 's Resistance Army , Lieutenant Colonel Faye Cuevas was n't particularly interested in elephants . But the animals kept popping up during their surveillance operations .
`` We would see them all the time : elephants and cows , '' Cuevas told me over the phone . `` To me , initially , where elephants were been really , I do n't want to say irrelevant , but I did n't understand the relevance to my mission . ''
But they soon learned that the elephants could be a signal for valuable information : if the elephants felt safe enough to be in a certain area , it usually meant bad guys were n't close by . The connection between wildlife and criminal activity made something click in Cuevas 's head .
`` I heard professional conservationists explain the poaching crisis and to my ears , as an intelligence analyst , it sounded an awful lot like [ fighting ] a terror or insurgent network , '' Cuevas said .
So they started to volunteer , finding ways to lend their counterterrorism intelligence skills to the fight against elephant poachers . Last November , after 19 years of military service , they joined IFAW officially as Chief of Staff , heading its anti-poaching program in Kenya—a partnership with the Kenya Wildlife Service ( KWS ) called tenBoma . Cuevas is still an active reserve intelligence officer with Air Force , but they spend most of their time these days applying their skills to a different kind of fight . And it 's working .
IFAW Chief of Staff , Faye Cuevas shows two KWS rangers how to use the mobile phone app used to collect anti-poaching data . Image : IFAW
In 2012 and 2013 , elephant and rhino poaching in Kenya reached an all-time high , with more than 300 elephants slaughtered by poachers by the end of 2013 . At the rate elephants are still being poached across Africa , conservationists estimate the species could become extinct in as little as 10 years . Over the last three years , the Kenyan government has cracked down on poaching , beefing up the KWS and enacting stricter laws . Things have improved : the total number of elephants killed in Kenya dropped from 384 in 2012 to 96 in 2015 and the birth rate for elephants in East Africa currently outpaces the rate at which the animals are being killed . But the overall problem persists , and Kenya remains a thoroughfare for poached ivory from other parts of Africa on its way to Asia . That 's why IFAW and KWS are doubling down on new strategies , including a more tactical approach .
For years , KWS has kept detailed data on poaching and wildlife numbers , mostly filed away in cabinets . The tenBoma team pulled out six years ' worth of elephant mortality data and did historical trend pattern analysis to identify poaching hotspots . They noticed that in one particular area , the southern ranchlands , poaching activity would spike just before each of the two annual rainy seasons , in the spring and fall . So , KWS brought a targeted presence just before the first rainy period this year—surveying the area , talking to locals , doing vehicle stops .
Read more : Joseph Kony Is Killing Elephants to Fund War
`` We 'd seen an uptick in poaching activity for the last six years , but this year we saw zero reports of poaching , '' Cuevas told me . `` That was at the end of February and as of today there are still zero reports of poaching from that location . ''
Them tactics go beyond analyzing stacks of data . Before joining the US Special Operations Command Africa , Cuevas was deployed multiple times to Iraq and Afghanistan , working as a counterterrorist intelligence analyst . One method they used there is a US military targeting cycle ( kind of like a step-by-step intelligence guide ) called F3EAD : it stands for find , fix , finish , exploit , analyze , disseminate . Over the last few weeks , Cuevas and their team have deployed this structure against poachers in Kenya for the first time .
`` Even though [ poaching ] is described as war , no one was taking a military strategy . ''
Using the F3EAD strategy , the tenBoma team facilitated a KWS-led operation using informants to track one tentacle of the ivory poaching network and target higher level nodes within it . They did a sting operation , buying illegal ivory and making arrests , and conducting mobile device forensic analysis on scene . They were able to crack into an ivory broker 's phone and extract 450 pages of information detailing the whole operation : photos , text messages , geolocation data . From there , they were able to identify other tentacles of the network , and share the information with government authorities .
These methods are n't going to end the ivory trafficking industry overnight . But Cuevas believes that using the military 's tried and true strategies can have an impact down the road .
`` Even though [ poaching ] is described as war , '' Cuevas said . `` No one was taking a military strategy . ''
Introduction
A new summary of the science makes a strong case for occupational links to breast cancer and calls on Congress , regulators and researchers to pay more attention to chemical exposures and other risk factors .
“ Working Women and Breast Cancer : The State of the Evidence , ” is the product of more than two years of work overseen by the San Francisco-based Breast Cancer Fund . A panel of experts reviewed scientific studies , most published in the past 25 years , and found ties between the disease and exposures to solvents ; pesticides ; tobacco smoke ; ionizing radiation and other toxic materials . There also was an association with night shift work .
“ Research is inadequate , but there is enough to raise alarm about women 's work , occupational exposures and breast cancer , ” the report concludes . “ At the same time , policies are insufficient to protect worker health . ”
The report touches on a subject raised by the Center for Public Integrity 's “ Unequal Risk ” project , launched in June . The series noted that enforceable workplace exposure limits for many toxic substances do n't exist , and those that have been set by the Department of Labor 's Occupational Safety and Health Administration in most cases are n't protective . As the Breast Cancer Fund put it , “ women and men in the workplace are routinely exposed to levels of chemicals that would not be allowed in their homes . The relatively lax requirements of some occupational settings lead to both higher levels and longer exposure periods than would otherwise occur in a residential or commercial setting . ”
Among the report 's recommendations :
Women should be included in occupational studies . They have “ historically been excluded…which means that health issues that predominantly affect women , including breast cancer , have been at best understudied and at worst ignored . ”
Congress should pass legislation “ to change the paradigm on how chemicals in the workplace are managed , ” empowering OSHA to make employers use safer alternatives when possible or to “ incentivize innovation ” when not .
OSHA “ should take full advantage of its current authority ” by setting stricter exposure limits . The agency tends to allow exposures that can cause one additional case of cancer for every 1,000 workers ; the Environmental Protection Agency , in contrast , seeks to hold cancer risks to 1 in 100,000 or 1 in 1 million when it regulates exposures to the general public .
In 2012 , the Center published a story about high rates of breast cancer among female workers in Canada 's automotive plastics industry . The story reported the results of a six-year study that found the women were almost five times as likely to develop the disease , prior to menopause , as women in a control group .
The workers had been exposed to a variety of solvents , heavy metals , flame retardants and the hardening agent bisphenol A , used in polycarbonate water bottles and other products . “ A lot of these chemicals should be removed from the workplace , ” breast cancer survivor Sandy Knight , who worked at two Ontario plastics plants from 1978 to 1998 , told the Center .
Backed by a growing group of Western fans and a clever choice of franchise collaborations , a distinctly Japanese game series is slowly building itself a worldwide audience . Koei Tecmo 's Dynasty Warriors ( or `` Musou '' ) franchise now boasts nearly 40 incarnations , including team-ups with names as well known as Nintendo .
Originally a hack and slash series set on the front lines of feudal China , Dynasty Warriors has spread its wings and shared its formula of tactical battlefield domination to fit numerous other settings . But while collaborations with the Gundam or One Piece franchises may feed an already rabid Japanese fanbase , Dynasty Warriors is now making a play for serious global fame with last week 's launch of the Legend of Zelda-themed Hyrule Warriors .
This latest Musou mash-up is a collaboration between Omega Force , Koei Tecmo 's main Dynasty Warriors arm , and the top brains behind Nintendo 's Zelda series , with Metroid : Other M studio Team Ninja helping on development duties . It 's a love letter to the Zelda series but also a bright and colourful storefront for the Dynasty Warriors franchise itself , and overall a fine balance of the two series . `` This is , if not the best Musou game yet , then certainly the most approachable and textured , '' Simon Parkin wrote in Eurogamer 's recent Hyrule Warriors review . So how did this collaboration come about ?
`` Koei Tecmo and Nintendo have been close for a while , and we were talking about what we could do with the Wii U , what kind of new experience could we put out there , '' Team Ninja boss Yosuke Hayashi told Eurogamer during an interview at Tokyo Games Show . `` Through those talks , the idea of combining the Warriors series and Zelda came together . Eiji Aonuma [ Nintendo 's Zelda series director ] was a supervisor from there on in , and it was a very close working relationship . The reaction has been good - Zelda fans are really enjoying it . ''
But while the final product appears to have been well received , the project itself went through a drastic change during the early stages of development . Omega Force 's first idea for the game would have made it something quite different - rather than a Zelda-flavoured Dynasty Warriors game , the team initially began building the opposite .
`` Zelda is obviously a huge IP and for us as Japanese gamers , not just developers ... well , everyone loves Zelda , '' Koei Tecmo exec and Omega Force leader Akihiro Suzuki said , explaining that having been given the keys to one of Nintendo 's most iconic franchises , trying to make something as Zelda-like as possible was just too much to resist . `` It 's at the bottom of our hearts and is part of the roots of our gaming experience . ''
`` The Zelda series is of course a really beloved , legendary series , '' Hayashi agreed . `` It 's always amongst people 's favourite games . We , as fans , were also looking at that , and saying okay - let 's make a Zelda game ! ''
And so the game 's developers went to work , faithfully building something whose gameplay befitted an entry in Nintendo 's legendary series . It was n't an attempt to muscle in and claim any form of ownership for the franchise , but an unintended by-product of being so familiar with its mechanics and mannerisms - and being too cautious about what fans would expect from a new title set in the Zelda universe .
Until now Dynasty Warriors Gundam was perhaps the easiest way into the genre . It remains the most stylish .
`` To start with , when the idea kicked off , the image we had of Zelda was actually implemented in the game - the puzzle solving , RPG approach of a Zelda title , '' Suzuki continued . `` They are the essential parts and we started to implement them . '' But when Nintendo - and specifically Shigeru Miyamoto - saw what Omega Force was building , it felt the need to intervene .
`` At that point Miyamoto-san and Nintendo came to us and said 'this does n't feel like cross-IP game , this is more just like a Zelda game ' and that if it was just going to feel like a Zelda game there was no point in doing a cross-collaboration . ''
`` We got the direction [ from Nintendo ] of making it something more in line with our skillset , '' Hayashi added , `` and in terms of how we could bring to the franchise something we 're strong with . It was very early in production , at a very early design phase , that those discussions happened . It was more of a collaboration about what we could do with that IP . ''
Nintendo was keen for the game to be coloured by a cast of Zelda faces and some of the series ' most iconic locations - but that these features would remain elements of a firm Dynasty Warriors-style experience , one whose gameplay would be familiar to fans if they had already played other Musou titles .
`` Dynasty Warriors is like a genre , like FPS , '' Suzuki explained , and in their opinion , anyone who has played a title in the series `` has such a strong feeling of what the games are about . '' It was to this blueprint that the team then returned . `` The actual feel of the game was changed pretty much 180 degrees from what we were doing in our early stages of development as opposed to what we have now . If you had played the early stage build you 'd say it was much more like an action RPG game rather than any kind of DW game .
`` What you see now is the outcome of that decision , '' they concluded , `` and when you play the game now it feels like Dynasty Warriors , rather than Zelda . ''
But Omega Force is keen to point out that , apart from the early change in direction , its partnership with Nintendo was otherwise a smooth collaboration . And that the very existence of the collaboration in the first place suggests there are Dynasty Warriors fans inside Nintendo , as well as Zelda fans inside Koei Tecmo .
Dragon Quest Heroes marks the long-awaited return of Square Enix 's series to PlayStation hardware .
`` Mr. Miyamoto only did their signature table-flipping once , '' Hayashi reassured . `` It was only once during the entire production - the rest of the time they were pretty positive about what we showed , and what we were able to present . Mr. Aonuma was trying to get us to break out of our ideas of what Zelda was - we were trying to make it like Zelda and they said no , break out and do something different . They were really encouraging us to explore more . ''
Hayashi declined to detail specifics of the table-flipping incident , although confirmed that no actual tables were involved . And , in any case , Omega Force is a veteran of dealing with external companies and their franchises , and of balancing the Dynasty Warriors ' footprint even when delving head-first into already well-established worlds .
`` It 's not new for us to collaborate on titles with the Musou engine , '' explained Hisashi Koinuma , Hyrule Warrior producer and another of Omega Force 's leading figures . `` It 's not something new for us , them recommending we should make it more Dynasty Warriors in a sense . It 's actually more of a challenge to have the right balance , and bring the right fun in the game for the fans . It 's been going on since day one . ''
But how about before day one of a project ? How do Koinuma and Suzuki make the deals which lead to them to franchises such as Gundam and One Piece - series which , although relatively unheard of in the West , are huge names in Japan . It turns out that such expansive projects are dreamt up in a surprisingly casual manner .
`` It 's usually while we drink ... '' Koinuma laughed , half-joking . `` Actually , the drinking part is true to an extent . There 's no typical pattern for how these collaborations begin - it could be a game we dream up in a drinking session , it could be something through our contacts in the industry . There are a lot of variations . ''
One dream shared by both Koinuma and Suzuki would be to create a Dynasty Warriors game in a very specific universe , or galaxy .
`` It 's a personal opinion but I 'd love to work with Star Wars one day , if I got the chance , '' Suzuki chuckled . Koinuma separately agreed . `` Without any restrictions or anything , the ideal dream would be to work on Star Wars , '' they said . It feels like something that has definitely been discussed amongst team members - even if it was just down the pub .
`` One of my ultimate dreams would be using that character with the red hat on top , '' Koinuma mused , considering other Nintendo characters . `` There is a Smash Bros. coming out , we do see a lot of different characters coming together in an all-star roster , so hopefully in the long run we can work with Nintendo on something with a similar line , where we can provide or deliver something Nintendo ca n't in a sense with their own IP . ''
It also makes sense that future collaborations are more Western-leaning , to grow the series ' appeal . `` The Dynasty Warriors series has been a big hit in Japan from its first instalment and has been growing since , '' Suzuki agreed . `` In Europe and the overseas market it 's still a niche market but we 're growing it bit by bit . ''
But , first things first . The team is now building four big DLC drops for Hyrule Warriors , each of which will add new maps , game modes , costumes and characters . This bustling schedule of expansion content will continue well into next year . And then there 's also the small matter of Dragon Quest Heroes , the studio 's next major team-up . While perhaps not as well known in the West as Zelda , the upcoming Dragon Quest collaboration with Square Enix is another example of the Musou series ' increasing ability to snag high profile franchises - and in doing so extend knowledge of its own brand .
`` We 're really busy at the moment , '' Koinuma concluded . `` We look at reinforcing the team at Omega Force year by year , and we see them growing bit by bit . Omega Force has been going now for 15 years . The younger generation that played the games when they were young , they 're now working at the companies making the games . There 's a nice loop there . '' Perhaps in the future that will also contain some of the growing Western fans of the series too .
From a letter written in 1905 by Friedrich Trump , Donald Trump 's grandfather , to Luitpold , prince regent of Bavaria . Trump had been ordered to leave Bavaria for failing to complete mandatory military service and to register their initial emigration to the United States twenty years earlier . Prince Luitpold rejected Trump 's request for repatriation ; the family later settled in New York . Translated from the German by Austen Hinkley .
Most Serene , Most Powerful Prince Regent ! Most Gracious Regent and Lord !
I was born in Kallstadt on March 14 , 1869 . My parents were honest , plain , pious vineyard workers . They strictly held me to everything good — to diligence and piety , to regular attendance in school and church , to absolute obedience toward the high authority .
After my confirmation , in 1882 , I apprenticed to become a barber . I emigrated in 1885 , in my sixteenth year . In America I carried on my business with diligence , discretion , and prudence . God 's blessing was with me , and I became rich . I obtained American citizenship in 1892 . In 1902 I met my current wife . Sadly , they could not tolerate the climate in New York , and I went with my dear family back to Kallstadt .
The town was glad to have received a capable and productive citizen . My old mother was happy to see their son , their dear daughter-in-law , and their granddaughter around her ; they know now that I will take care of them in their old age .
But we were confronted all at once , as if by a lightning strike from fair skies , with the news that the High Royal State Ministry had decided that we must leave our residence in the Kingdom of Bavaria . We were paralyzed with fright ; our happy family life was tarnished . My wife has been overcome by anxiety , and my lovely child has become sick .
Why should we be deported ? This is very , very hard for a family . What will our fellow citizens think if honest subjects are faced with such a decree — not to mention the great material losses it would incur . I would like to become a Bavarian citizen again .
In this urgent situation I have no other recourse than to turn to our adored , noble , wise , and just sovereign lord , our exalted ruler Their Royal Highness , highest of all , who has already dried so many tears , who has ruled so beneficially and justly and wisely and softly and is warmly and deeply loved , with the most humble request that the highest of all will themselves in mercy deign to allow the applicant to stay in the most gracious Kingdom of Bavaria .
Your most humble and obedient ,
Friedrich Trump
1 / 44 Situation Room
May 1 , 2011 : President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden , along with members of the national security team , receive an update on the mission against Osama bin Laden in the Situation Room of the White House , May 1 , 2011 . Seated , from left , are : Brigadier General Marshall B . `` Brad '' Webb , Assistant Commanding General , Joint Special Operations Command ; Deputy National Security Advisor Denis McDonough ; Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton ; and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates . Standing , from left , are : Admiral Mike Mullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ; National Security Advisor Tom Donilon ; Chief of Staff Bill Daley ; Tony Blinken , National Security Advisor to the Vice President ; Audrey Tomason Director for Counterterrorism ; John Brennan , Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism ; and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper . Please note : a classified document seen in this photograph has been obscured . ( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
Pete Souza/The White House
My grandfather 's formal school education ended after grade seven . That did not stop them from gaining a reputation as a formidable lawyer in the “ princely state '' of Sarangarh . This self-taught lawyer was also an equally formidable self-taught scholar of Indian philosophy . No wonder they had no notion of what knowledge was appropriate for what age . I was unilaterally commandeered by them as a student of philosophy , at the age of nine . My head would be ringing with the nuances of Advait Vedant when they would visit us .
I did not understand anything , and the limitation was entirely my own ; they were ceaselessly energetic in lecturing me . But there was something like an Abhimanyu effect of all those lectures . Later in life when people talked of the same concepts , I grasped them much more easily than I thought I was capable of .
What I understood and enjoyed was how they made fun of priests and their rituals . This was between me and him , and not malicious . Their point was always the same , that most priests do not understand a word of their own chants . And that even if they understand the words literally , their chants and rituals are devoid of any meaning whatsoever . Every once in a while they would trip up some priest by asking completely innocuous questions like why some mantra came before the other one or the connection between two concepts . And then they would laugh and wink at me . So , I grew up learning that what many people held most sacred was often the most empty of meaning .
Decades later , I became responsible for a global , high-precision engineering business . In that business the quality of the product was by far the most important requirement . We had clients , partners and suppliers across the world . Working with the engineering and manufacturing world in Japan was an immersion in a meditative experience . Refined minimalism of processes , simplicity of methods , unwavering discipline and focus , deep connectedness across , and the importance of taking time unhurried , that world was in calm and serene order . It also produced the highest-quality products , consistently .
The world of Indian manufacturing had something that the Japanese did not . Any factory and manufacturing business worth its name would have a range of impressive certifications and systems . ISO , QS , Six Sigma were just the more common ones . And to back up all these there were reams of neatly written , well-thought-through documents . But quality in the products was either absent , or was the result of panicked firefighting .
The Japanese were mystified by this inexplicable contradiction , especially when compared with themselves . They had no certifications but had quality . Indian manufacturing had all the certifications but no quality . Certainly there was a range and there were shining exceptions , but they were just that . Most of us who were part of that world in India would hate to admit it but we had to , if we wanted some change .
It was the familiar world of priests . All the certifications and the manuals were like the mantras , and the systems were sacred . But they were completely devoid of meaning . Written by experts , understood by few , used by even fewer . With little or no connection to reality , basically written to impress , not to live . The priesthood of the quality teams would lead the empty rituals , and their lay followers , i.e . the rest of the teams , would chant along .
Let me add that there were forces gaining ground which were beginning to shake this empty ritualism , and I hope things have continued to improve in the past few years .
This evisceration of meaning from actions and their conversion to empty rituals seems a culture common in modern India . School education is afflicted by this at every level and on every dimension . Let 's take some of the most obvious and universally visible examples .
The class echoing multiplication tables is the prototypical filmic image of an Indian school , and there can be no better demonstration of the malady in schools . The children repeating those tables ( more often than not ) do not understand the meaning of multiplication , nor its relationship to life . The teacher does not even attempt to develop this understanding ; their purpose is the flawless mantra-like repetition . The officials visit and inspect for the same . And this is part of the larger phenomenon of rote memorization being the primary pedagogical approach in our schools . The examinations only reinforce this emptiness .
The daily assembly , which is potentially a powerful process for social development of the students , is invariably ritualized to a prayer and a student reading news . The text books are crammed with information with an expectation of regurgitation after reading . We can go on .
Most of my columns are about people who are attempting good education , and this is the cultural tide that they swim against . Education is the making of meaning and the development of thinking individuals . This culture of meaningless ritualism is the antithesis of that . Our education itself has become a meaningless ritual .
Paradoxically the only social process for curing our culture of the malady of meaninglessness is good education . That is the wedge with which we can pry our culture open to embrace the making of meaning , and so that must be the focal point of our collective maximal force .
Anurag Behar is the chief executive officer of Azim Premji Foundation and leads sustainability initiatives for Wipro Ltd . They write every fortnight on issues of ecology and education .
Comments are welcome at othersphere @ livemint.com .
Read Anurag 's previous Mint columns at www.livemint.com/othersphere
Dr. Ben Carson on MSNBC 032913
Johns Hopkins University neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson , who has become increasingly popular in conservative circles , offered an explanation , if not a real apology , for remarks earlier this week equating the LGBT community with pedophiles .
“ If anybody was offended , I apologize to you , ” Carson told MSNBC host Andrea Mitchell on Friday . “ But what I was basically saying is that there is no group . I was n't equating those things , I do n't think they 're equal . ”
Carson , who has been touted by conservatives as a possible presidential candidate , had been criticized for telling Fox News host Sean Hannity on March 26 , 2013 that they believe marriage is ” a well-established , fundamental pillar of society and no group , be they gays , be they NAMBLA , be they people who believe in bestiality . It does n't matter what they are . They do n't get to change the definition . ”
On Friday , Carson said that as a Christian they had “ a duty ” to love people regardless of sexual orientation , while walking back their original remarks .
“ If you ask me for an apple and I give you an orange you would say , well that 's not an orange , ” Carson said . “ And then I say , that 's a banana , that 's not an apple either . And there 's a peach , that 's not an apple , either . But it does n't mean that I 'm equating the banana and the orange and the peach . And in the same way I 'm not equating those things . ”
Talking Points Memo reported that graduating students of the university 's school of medicine started a petition calling for Johns Hopkins to “ select an alternative speaker who better reflects the values of the student body and the University ” for the school 's upcoming commencement ceremony .
“ Are you prepared to withdraw as commencement speaker ? ” Mitchell asked .
“ Absolutely , ” Carson answered . “ I would say that , you know , this is their day and the last thing I would want to do is rain on their parade . ”
Update , 7:27 p.m. EST : This story has been edited and corrected to reflect the proper source of the student petition regarding Carson 's commencement speech .
Watch Mitchell 's interview with Carson , posted on Friday by Media Matters , below .
32 years ago this week , on Sept. 13 , 1985 , F-15 test pilot Maj. Wilbert D. “ Doug ” Pearson ( now retired Maj. Gen. ) took off from Edwards Air Force Base , Calif. , on a mission which would see them become history 's first space ace .
Dubbed the “ Celestial Eagle Flight , ” the assignment called for Pearson to make a near vertical ascent in a specially-configured F-15A to over 35,000 feet , to fire a 2,700 pound , 18-foot long missile into space and kill an obsolete satellite over 2000 miles away , at an altitude of 340 miles ( about as high as the space shuttle could fly ) .
It was the culmination of a six year development and test program for the anti-satellite ( or ASAT ) missile ; Maj. Pearson commanded the F-15 Anti-Satellite Combined Test Force . The flight required Pearson to arrive at a precise point and time over the Pacific Missile Test Range , and fire a Vought ASM-135A ASAT missile automatically from the belly of their jet , taking aim on the 2,000-pound Solwind P78-1 solar laboratory , which launched in 1979 .
Weapons in space was already controversial , and still is to this day , but so was the shoot down of the satellite , especially in the science community , because even though it was not operating at 100 % , it was still returning valuable data . But that 's a whole other story .
Going supersonic at Mach 1.2 , Maj. Pearson pulled into a 3.8g , 65-degree climb , slowing down to just below Mach 1 , before firing the missile at 38,100 feet , about 200 miles west of Vandenberg AFB .
The rocket separated from the missile after the first stage , and propelled a miniature homing vehicle with an infrared sensor into space on a bullseye intercept with the satellite , nailing its target with a closing velocity of 15,000 mph and marking the first successful satellite kill by an aircraft launched missile in history .
The Air Force originally wanted to modify 20 F-15s to do the same , an operational force of 112 ASM-135s , but huge cost overruns and technical issues killed the program in 1988 ( after the F-15s had already been modified of course ) .
According to the USAF , “ The jet , F-15A 76-0084 , was the 275th F-15 fighter jet to roll off the McDonnell Douglas assembly line in St. Louis , and it flew its maiden flight on Veteran 's Day , 1977 . Its assignments have included two stints with the 49th Test Fighter Wing at Holloman AFB , the 1st TFW at Langley AFB , the 6512th Test Squadron of the Air Force Flight Test Center at Edwards , AFB , the 131st Fighter Wing of the Missouri Air National Guard in St. Louis and the 125th Fighter Wing of the Florida Air National Guard . ”
In 2007 , 22 years after the mission , Staff Sgt . Aaron Hartley with the Florida Air National Guard 125th Fighter Wing , Detachment 1 , was tasked with putting together a lithograph for the North American Aerospace Defense Command ( NORAD ) F-15 Alert Detachment at Homestead Air Reserve Base .
“ I was researching the history of the jets to see which one was the ‘ coolest ' and had the most history , so I contacted historians from the Boeing Company , Edwards AFB and the Air Force Historical Research Society at Maxwell AFB , Ala. , ” they said .
That 's when they learned that the 125th FW had the historic jet , and so they reached out to the retired Maj. Gen. Pearson about it , who by that time had moved on to vice president of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Integrated Test Force .
Their son , then Capt . Todd Pearson , was an active-duty F-15 pilot at Mountain Home AFB , Idaho .
So naturally , the idea of a Celestial Eagle remembrance flight piloted by Captain Pearson was born .
“ Celestial Eagle ” was painted on the nose of 76-0084 , and the captain 's name was painted on the side of the cockpit . They even wore the same circular patch on their left shoulder that their father wore on that same day 22 years earlier , and they performed the pre-flight walk around the aircraft together .
“ I thought it was a great idea , ” Captain Pearson said regarding the remembrance flight . “ I 've always been an aviation ‘ buff , ' and I 've wanted to fly eagles since I was three because my dad flew them . The flight was a significant event in military aviation history , and I 'm glad that I 've been able to be a part of this 22 years later . ”
The historic jet retired to the Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Center “ Boneyard ” at Davis Monthan AFB in 2009 , when the 125th FW transitioned to the F-15C/D .
.
– Follow Mike Killian on Instagram and Facebook , @ MikeKillianPhotography
.
Magic : History , Theory and Practice is a mysticism book by Ernst Schertel . [ 1 ] Originally published in Germany in 1923 , Magic : History / Theory / Practice ( in its original German edition ) , was a hardcover book consisting of 154 pages .
Schertel identifies heavily with the `` demonic '' in Magic , espousing the belief that `` communion with the demon '' is the most important aspect of magical/religious practice . In addition to this , Schertel also identified the following elements of magic :
Ecstasy . The performer must enter an altered mind state of “ ecstasy ” , “ possession ” or “ somnambulism ” , and it is usually achieved by dancing , chanting , hypnosis , intoxication , and even sacrifices . [ 1 ] They wrote in the book , “ Originally , prophecy meant just “ speaking while being delighted with god , ” and this already shows that for this kind of magic the amalgamation with the demon , that is to say an ecstasy ( trance ) was seen as a precondition as much as with every other kind of magic. ” Some modern authors believe that it is equivalent to the alpha state of mind . [ 2 ] Imagination . It is the way through which the performer brings the desired changes into reality . Schertel wrote , “ The man with the greatest force of imagination is commanding of the world and creates realities according to their will , instead of being the slave of an unsubstantial , bodiless empiricism. ” [ 1 ] They think that magic is autogenic exertion of power on the basis of imagination , and reality is nothing more than the becoming-an-image of our deepest essential powers , and thus the observation of truth is not a process of “ depiction ” but of “ construction ” . Body-feeling . The performer is required to develop a kind of “ body feeling ” through “ body exercises ” . However , here Schertel is not referring to common muscle-building or physical training nowadays . The two forms of exercises that they recommend are “ senual ” and “ articular ” . “ The sensual practices stand for a passive listening-into the body and are therefore preferably happening out of a state of relaxation , the articular practices on the other hand represent a violent , almost mechanical pushing and bending of individual joints or of the whole body ... These practices are supported by certain breathing methods. ” [ 1 ] They also point out that to increase body feeling , many magicians often perform with loose clothes or even naked .
In 2003 it was revealed that Schertel had sent a dedicated copy of the book to Adolf Hitler . Hitler read the book and marked several passages . [ 3 ] A total of sixty-six annotations were made by Hitler in their copy . Eventually the Hitler copy was obtained from the John Hay Library at Brown University and the book was translated into English with their annotations added .
Some of the passages marked by Hitler include :
“ False images are necessary for the recognition of truth . ”
“ He who does not have the demonic seed within themselves will never give birth to a magical world . ”
“ Satan is the beginning… ” [ 4 ]
Notes [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
It is being reported that , in response to James Damore 's memo challenging Google to examine its “ unconscious bias ” and its “ politically correct monoculture ” on the grounds that women in general are different from men in general , some female employees chose to stay at home on Monday . Reportedly , they stayed home because the memo made them feel “ uncomfortable going back to work . ”
If female Google employees really did stay home in response to Damore 's memo , then they went a long way toward proving their point . As Tyler O'Neil at PJ Media says :
In the document , Damore suggested that “ women on average are more cooperative ” and “ more prone to anxiety , ” and that this often involves a search “ for more work-life balance while men have a higher drive for status on average. ” What could demonstrate these arguments more clearly than women staying home ( focusing on life over work and accepting a cut in status ) in solidarity with other women ( more cooperative ) and feeling “ uncomfortable ” going back to work ( more prone to anxiety ) ?
I think the part about anxiety is the most salient one . Frankly , one needs to be an emotional wreck to feel too uncomfortable to work just because one employee in a large organization raised the kind of issues Damone articulated .
Of course , it 's possible , and maybe probable , that the female employees who reportedly stayed home did n't really feel uncomfortable . They simply wanted to protest and grabbed the language of protest they frequently heard in college — language that seems to have near magical power in that bizarre milieu .
This too would confirm gender differences . I ca n't imagine men ( 1 ) skipping work because someone wrote a memo they did n't like and ( 2 ) couching a protest in the language , not of traditional grievance , but rather that of “ feeling uncomfortable . ”
Men are n't completely stupid , though . Eventually , many of us will learn to employ the lingo that , in our increasingly feminized society , most effectively helps one get one 's way .
So the deconstruction of masculinity project is n't entirely hopeless . And Google is doing its part to help it along .
FUNKADELIC
REWORKED BY DETROITERS
( Westbound Records )
8/10
2CD/3LP/DL
Available now
Funk pioneers get in depth and devotional remix treatment from Detroit 's finest .
Still going strong at the ripe old age of 76 years old , George Clinton 's P-Funk mob have done pretty much everything in music . Their bands Funkadelic and Parliament invented funk rock and they have gone on to be one of the most sampled artists ever ( if not the most sampled ) .
Funkadelic 's alumni reads as a who 's who of funk rock . George , obviously , Bootsy Collins , Garry Shider , Bernie Worrell , Fuzzy Haskins and the sublime Eddie Hazel . Within the interplanetary funkmanship , there was razor sharp wit , uncompromising satire , social voice and conscience as well as incredible artwork .
Artwork for this release comes from Abdul Haqq of Third Earth , the most prominent visual artist in Detroit Techno today . They created defining works for Derrick May 's Transmat , Underground Resistance and Drexciya among others .
As a huge Funkadelic fan , I was sceptical of this release . It contains ' a diverse selection of remixers from today 's generation of Detroit producers and musicians , looking back at the immense legacy of Funkadelic and re-imagining it for now , with the re-interpreters chosen to prismatically represent the vastness of Funkadelic 's genre-bending music . ' This description from the album 's liner notes is a good quick capsule review . This is not all remixes for or by DJ 's etc . There is meandering funk jams , punk rock heaviness , tripped out journeys in music , techno monstrosities and a whole lot more .
Each of the songs on this set are from Funkadelic 's Westbound Years ( 1968-1976 ) . With that in mind there is no ( Not Just ) Knee Deep or One Nation Under A Groove in amongst the songs . Funkadelic 's acid heavy debut is represented in two contrasting , but ultimately stellar remixes of Music For My Mother . Stylised as Music 4 My Mother ( Underground Resistance Mix ) is a foot stomping , tough acid funk smasher of a track Underground Resistance co-founder Mike Banks used to play guitar with P-Funk in the 80 's . This remix uses the classic vocal ruminations and vocal melody line but throws them over a beat stacked with hand claps that harks back to Clinton 's Atomic Dog .
Sexy Ways is transformed into a slinky disco number by the mind of Recloose . The remix doubles the length of the original track and along the way provides a top notch beat that bounces along to create a completely triumphant dancefloor tune . Alton Miller 's take on You Ca n't Miss What You Ca n't Measure is a spacey , sun kissed jam . The hypnotic bassline of the track is still front and centre but the gospel style backing vocals and lamenting lyrics are given extra prominence in the mix . Another remix that oozes sex appeal is Gay Marvine 's remix of The Undisco Kidd . Again , this would triumph on the dancefloor ; the BPM is increased and it swishes seductively as Clinton 's great lyrics show how much of a genius the man actually is . This is also true of Amp Fiddler 's disco-style mix of Lets Take It To The Stage which utilises the original guitar sound expertly .
Cosmic Slop is still a fixture of the current incarnation of George Clinton 's intergalactic world . On this collection , Moodyman stretches out the original in the way that Tom Moulton put their mark on so many classics from Philadelphia . The track builds wonderfully , superbly allowing each aspect of the song to come to the fore before the drums erupt and carry the track along . The highlight of this mix however is the prominence of Garry Shider 's amazing vocals . The guitar solo is pulled back from the mix in favour of vocals , stellar drumming and shimmering keys .
To mix up the more dance oriented material here , Detroit punk band , The Dirtbombs have taken Super Stupid and amped it up even further – if that is humanly possible . The original is a deep cut from Maggot Brain that along with the albums titled track , was like Eddie Hazel 's calling card . The undulating bass and drum rolls as the guitars are swamped with feedback to create a wall of noise .
Claude Young Jr contributes two different mixes of another Maggot Brain classic ; You And Your Folks . The first is a straight up club track , whereas the other mix is a dub mix of the track . The club mix takes on a sinister tone with dark techno vibes taking the place of the vocal line . This is a track that should be played in the small hours in a dark , dank club ; absolutely brilliant .
This whole set is a labour of love for the contributors ; this is clear in some of the song selections . There are some curveballs here ; none more so than the inclusion of Let 's Make It Last and Looking Back At You . There is a dub mix of Maggot Brain that is not too dissimilar to the Alternate Mix included on Maggot Brain 's reissue from several years ago . For me , Maggot Brain is perfect in its original form and should n't be tampered with !
As a collection , this is a worthy addition to any P-Funk discography . Some remixes miss the mark a little but most are fantastic remixes that have clearly been perfected due to a love of the band from this set of inventive musicians .
Listen to Sexy Ways here :
George Clinton and Parliament Funkadelic can be found online here . They also have Facebook and Twitter pages .
~
Words by Dominic Walsh . You can read more from Dominic at their author 's archive here . Dominic also tweets as @ dtwalsh83 .
Foothill Transit Launches New Long-Range Proterra Electric Bus Service
Foothill Transit , long a leader in adoption of electric bus technology , took an important step forward today . The agency launched service using the Proterra Catalyst E2 electric bus . The new # 2600 electric bus is transporting riders on Line 280 , which runs from Azusa to Punte Hills .
According to Foothill Transit , they are the first agency in the U.S. to put the new electric bus , which has a range of 254 miles , into service . From Foothill Transit 's press release :
The bus , a Proterra Catalyst E2 , will charge in-route at a special docking station at the Azusa Intermodal Transit Center [ located immediately north of the Gold Line Downtown Azusa Station ] , allowing for continuous service all day long . At a full charge , the Catalyst E2 can travel a nominal distance of 254 miles . That extended range is vital for Foothill Transit to achieve its all-electric commitment by 2030 . The agency serves a geographic area over 300 square miles with 39 fixed-route bus lines , some of which have a round trip distance of over 70 miles . Foothill Transit was the first in the nation to launch the fast-charge all electric bus back in 2010 . Those three initial vehicles were funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act . Since then the electric fleet has expanded to 32 , with another 13 expected by early 2018 , of which # 2600 is the first to be delivered . The agency intends to keep pushing the innovation envelope as it successfully converts its 330-bus fleet over to all electric vehicles .
Following in Foothill 's footsteps , Metro and LADOT are planning to convert to all-electric bus fleets by 2030 .
For more information about Foothill Transit electrification , visit the agency 's Electric Program webpage .
SBLA coverage of San Gabriel Valley livability is supported by Foothill Transit , offering car-free travel throughout the San Gabriel Valley with connections to the new Gold Line Stations across the Foothills and Commuter Express lines traveling into the heart of downtown L.A. To plan your trip , visit Foothill Transit . “ Foothill Transit . Going Good Places . ”
Photo by Rob Krause
When you 're immersed in a good story , it 's easy to lose yourself in a character 's world . But what would life be like if you actually had to experience what they experience ? From ten-month-long sleep sessions to extreme vanity and delusional jealousy , walking in your favorite protagonist 's footsteps might be more of a nightmare than a dream come true . Here are just a few of the fascinating ( and horrifying ) physical and mental illnesses named after the quirks and adventures of some of literature 's most interesting characters .
Named after : Alice in Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , who used the “ Drink Me ” potion and “ Eat Me ” cake to grow and shrink their way into Wonderland .
Symptoms : If you have AiWS , you perceive your body parts and objects around you as being larger or smaller than they actually are—not in an “ OMG ! My butt looks so big in this bikini ! ” way , but more in a `` seeing everything through a funhouse mirror '' way . Once you 're down this rabbit hole , all bets are off . Your toes might appear to be several feet long . Your hand might look enormous . The door to the bathroom could shrink until it seems miles away . To make matters worse , your muddled perception may also extend to things like sounds and the passing of time . Is that a helicopter landing in your living room or the quiet hum of the dehumidifier ? Have you been writing for four minutes or four hours ? Tough to say .
Causes : AiWS is a neurological condition that usually hangs out with its BFF , the migraine , though it can also be caused by brain tumors , drug use , the Epstein Barr virus , and temporal lobe epilepsy . It 's more common among kids , and some people do grow out of it . Wonderland author Lewis Carroll ( aka Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ) themselves suffered from migraines , and there 's some speculation that Alice 's changing size may have been inspired by their own AiWS experiences .
Misery factor : 9 out of 10 . Noticing your office chair is the size of an elephant seems more quirky than life-destroying at first , but as the poor guy who wrote “ I have Alice in Wonderland syndrome ” for The Guardian points out , having no idea whether you are perceiving anything accurately is significantly disruptive . They move clumsily because they have difficulty figuring out where the ground is and does n't dare cross streets because they ca n't tell how large or small—and thus how near or far away—cars are .
Buy Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland - Original Version from Amazon.com
Named after : Rapunzel , in the Brothers Grimm fairy tale , who let them flowing hair down to allow the prince to climb into the tower where they were held captive .
Symptoms : How disgusting could a condition be if it 's named after a beautiful maiden with golden tresses tantalizing enough to get their royal booty calls on the reg ? Pretty damned disgusting . Rapunzel Syndrome is a condition in which someone ingests enough hair that it forms a dense hairball— “ trichobezoar ” if you 're feelin ' fancy—in their stomach that eventually spawns a long rope of hair ( Rapunzel , see ? ) that trails into the victim 's intestines . The intestinal hair rope can be several feet long . Trust me when I say you do NOT want to Google Image Search this .
Causes : The good news , unless you suffer from trichophagia ( the urge to compulsively eat hair ) , is that only people with trichophagia are at risk . If you do n't munch on your locks , you 're not going to develop a giant ball of hair in your guts .
Misery factor : 10 out of 10 . Once it 's large enough , the hairball causes abdominal pain , nausea , bloating , vomiting , and , without surgery , death .
Buy Fairy Tales from the Brothers Grimm : A New English Version from Amazon.com
Named after : The protagonist in Oscar Wilde 's The Picture of Dorian Gray , who sells their soul so that their portrait will age instead of their body .
Symptoms : While not a scientifically accepted medical condition , Dorian Gray Syndrome is thought to be a form of body dysmorphic disorder in which sufferers are preoccupied with their perceived physical defects . Like Oscar Wilde 's character , people with DGS are obsessed with aging and cling to the fading bloom of youth with both gnarled hands . Since deals with the devil are n't as readily available as Botox , most affected narcissists shell out big money for weight-loss pills , hair-growth serums , pore minimizers , erectile dysfunction medications , laser resurfacing , skin elixirs , and plastic surgery . After all , what 's more attractive than aging gracefully ? That 's right : Stretching your facial skin taut until the contours of your skull show through like an evil papier-mâché puppet struggling to look human .
Causes : DGS is more of a societal phenomenon than a medical condition , so if we have to point a finger , we 'll point to the usual instigators of self-hate : the media , photoshopped models , Hollywood starlets , cosmetics ads , the fashion industry , etc. , etc. , blah blah blah . A 2005 German study claimed that about three percent of people show signs of DGS—about the same percentage who think it 's okay to wear booty shorts after age 19 .
Not to be confused with : Peter Pan Syndrome , named after the flying , ever-young boy created by author J. M. Barrie , in which adults shun responsibility , buck social norms , and generally act like immature assholes in an attempt to maintain their youth .
Misery factor : 2 out of 10 . DGS can lead to serious depression when sufferers realize their attempts to forever look like a 20-year-old are doomed to fail , but it is , generally , not life-threatening .
Buy The Picture of Dorian Gray : An Annotated , Uncensored Edition from Amazon.com
Named after : Shakespeare 's Othello , who killed their wife , Desdemona , because they wrongly believed they were being unfaithful .
Symptoms : Also called morbid jealousy or delusional jealousy , Othello Syndrome causes people to stubbornly believe their partners are cheating on them , despite a complete lack of evidence . People with Othello Syndrome make Overly Attached Girlfriend look pretty balanced . They set up elaborate tests of fidelity , relentlessly make unwarranted accusations , install recording devices and spy cameras , hire private detectives , stalk , and read emails and texts . Many sufferers obsessively fixate on these paranoid delusions until they are driven to acts of violence against their significant other . This is how you end up on Dateline .
Causes : Othello Syndrome is n't just an ugly character trait run amok . It 's a condition often associated with alcoholism , sexual dysfunction , neurological disorders , and mental illnesses such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder . It can also be triggered when dopamine-boosting drugs used for the treatment of things like Parkinson 's disease act like the pharmaceutical version of Iago , changing a normal relationship into a den of suspicion .
Misery Factor : 8 out of 10 . Suicidal and homicidal thoughts are n't uncommon among people with Othello Syndrome , particularly if depression and substance abuse are thrown into the mix .
Buy Othello from Amazon.com
Named after : Joe Pickwick , a fat , narcoleptic kid from Charles Dickens 's first novel , The Pickwick Papers .
Symptoms : Also called Obesity Hypoventilation Syndrome , Pickwickian Syndrome is what happens when a morbidly obese individual is n't able to get enough oxygen while they sleep , which leads to blood that 's chock full o ' carbon dioxide , which , in turn , leads to daytime sleepiness , lethargy , headaches , shortness of breath , and depression .
Causes : Being extremely obese . Sleeping while extremely obese . Pretty simple .
Misery factor : 9 out of 10 . Pickwickian Syndrome is less fun to experience than it is to say . Untreated , it can lead to heart failure , hypertension , sexual dysfunction , and death .
Buy The Pickwick Papers ( Classics ) from Amazon.com
Named after : The lazy Dutch farmer in Washington Irving 's short story of the same name , who is knocked out for 20 years after swiping booze from some guys they run across in the woods . ( Pro tip : Never drink booze you find in the woods . )
Symptoms : Unlike Irving 's character , who is roofied to high heaven by weird dudes in the forest , RVWS sufferers do n't need a tainted beverage to slip into long periods of slumber that last weeks or even months at a time . Also called Kleine-Levin Syndrome , the condition almost exclusively affects teenage boys , so it 's surprising their parents even notice .
Causes : RVWS is so rare that it 's tough to study it . Scientists think it might be a problem with the hypothalamus . It might also be genetic , specifically caused by a virus or bacterium that certain people—most notably Ashkenazi Jews ( no joke ) —are genetically more susceptible to .
Misery Factory : 2 out of 10 . In the days of Edgar Allan Poe , sufferers would 've just been stuffed into a casket and buried alive , and that would 've cranked it up to a 10 on our scale . But these days , the worst part is waking up and finding that your iPhone is a few generations behind . In fact , I could use a few weeks of sleep right about now .
Buy Rip Van Winkle & Other Stories ( Puffin Classics ) from Amazon.com
Named after : Carl Friedrich von Münchhausen , a real German cavalry officer and master of tall tales whose oft-embellished exploits were chronicled ( and further exaggerated ) in the 1785 book The Surprising Adventures of Baron Munchausen by Rudolf Erich Raspe . The real von Münchhausen was highly displeased when Raspe 's book was translated into German , bringing unwanted attention and labeling them the “ Baron of Lies ” —so displeased that they sued for damages but lost because the anonymously published book 's title had only one “ h ” in “ Munchausen. ” The fictionalized Baron Munchausen has since been featured in a 1901 collection of adventures entitled Mr. Munchausen and has come to life in comics , games , films , and on the stage .
Symptoms : It 's no coincidence this syndrome is named after the “ Baron of Lies. ” Physically healthy people with Munchausen Syndrome attempt to convince others , including doctors and family , that they 're sick or injured in an attempt to gain sympathy and attention . To maintain the illusion of illness , they may inject themselves with gasoline , bacteria , or poop ( really ) ; burn or cut themselves ; request risky operations ; or tamper with medical tests by contaminating urine samples or heating thermometers . Unlike hypochondriacs ( pretty much all of us who have ever looked up a symptom on WebMD ) who truly believe they 're sick , or malingering profiteers who feign illness for personal gain , people with Munchausen Syndrome know they 're being deceptive but ca n't control their compulsive behavior .
Causes : Though it may sound like patients are just attention-hungry jerks , Munchausen Syndrome is a serious mental disorder recognized by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , and is brought on by a number of factors , including childhood trauma , poor self-esteem , abandonment issues , and some personality disorders .
Related : Munchausen by Proxy is similar , but rather than claiming to be sick themselves , the mentally ill individual makes another person ( usually a child in their care ) ill to get attention .
Misery Factor : 8 out of 10 . Self-harm , unnecessary surgeries , financial and family problems with associated depression , a higher incidence of substance abuse and suicide—not nearly as much fun as the original Baron von Münchhausen was known to have .
Buy The Surprising Adventures of Baron Munchausen from Amazon.com
What literary character do you think should have their own medical condition named after them , and what would the symptoms be ? Get creative and bizarre and disgusting in the comments .
What do you think of GE 's BULLETIN series ? We 're running a short , 30-second survey – click here to take it .
India may be an emerging superpower , but the country 's ever-growing energy demands reveal significant challenges for future growth . An over-dependence on fossil fuels , especially coal , inadequate transmission infrastructure , and counter-productive regulatory hurdles are only a few of the issues India faces . Nearly 300 million people have no access to electricity because roughly 25 % of the electricity generated is lost to inefficient transmission .
India is now looking to wind energy to overcome these challenges . In fact , wind energy could provide for about 20 % of the global electricity demand by 2030 , according to the Global Wind Energy Council ( GWEC ) .
no-caption
Currently , almost 60 % of India 's 245 GW of capacity is based on coal and about 82 % of the total electricity generated comes from thermal power sources . But India has taken measures to shift at least a portion of its power generation base to renewable energy sources . Earlier this year , India reached an installed renewable energy capacity of 31.7 GW , or over 12 % of the total installed power capacity . Wind energy now leads all other renewable energy technologies installed in India with a share of over 66 % .
The relatively low cost of equipment , early introduction of financial incentives from the government , and the fact that wind is a freely available resource have all contributed to the high share of market for renewables .
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy introduced the Generation-Based Incentive ( GBI ) plan in 2009 to reward wind energy project developers for every unit of electricity generated over-and-above the preferential tariff declared by the state governments . Additionally , the central government has intermittently added an incentive allowing wind farm owners to claim accelerated depreciation on 80 % of the cost of equipment , leading to quick write-offs on investments . The launch of these two incentives pushed the annual wind energy capacity addition to historically high levels between 2010 and 2013 .
no-caption
The Indian government also launched the Renewable Purchase Obligation ( RPO ) , which mandates obligated consumers—power distribution companies and large electricity consumers—to purchase a set-minimum percentage of electricity from renewable energy sources . A complimentary program called the Renewable Energy Certificates ( REC ) plan was also launched in late 2010 to help obligated consumers fulfill their RPO targets .
Next steps are already in place with the Indian government planning to launch the National Wind Energy Mission , which would set ambitious capacity addition targets , offer new investment incentives , and ease land clearances . An Offshore Wind Energy Authority has also been set to explore India 's offshore wind energy potential and eventually facilitate the implementation of projects offshore .
Such regulatory initiatives would go a long way in fully tapping India 's vast wind energy resources . According to estimates by GWEC , under an aggressive domestic policy push and internationally conducive market scenario , the total wind energy capacity installed in India could reach as much as 89 GW in 2020—more than a fourfold increase from present levels—and 191 GW in 2030 . Although this is an optimistic scenario , the gears are moving in the right direction .
The GE Innovation series
We 're running a short , 30-second survey about GE 's BULLETINs . Click here to take it .
How GE is generating energy for India through innovation
Here 's how India 's least windy places are generating wind energy
The global impact of India 's multi-disciplinary skills
Explore the full archive here .
This article was produced on behalf of GE by the Quartz Marketing team and not by the Quartz editorial staff .
You may want to read part I before reading this . Ranged combat are seeing even more changes than melee . Let 's first look at how it looks now ( v2.1.3 ) :
Your chance to hit in ranged combat is determined by your Missile attribute and the distance to the target . The exact formula is 50 % + 10 * ( Missile - distance ) % . There 's no defence against missile attacks ( other than staying away ) .
Reworked Ranged Combat
The ranged combat is seeing the same kind of simplification that melee combat did . The chance to hit is now expressed as a plain percentage . Another simplification is that this percentage does not change with distance ! No longer will you have to close in to a monster so you 're almost adjacent to have a decent chance to hit .
Reintroducing : Range
In release # 5 I removed the Range attribute . Range was a hard limit on how far your missile attacks could reach . However , the practical limitation on your range was actually your Missile attribute since your chance to hit quickly diminished with distance . When I introduced the Light / Vision attribute instead of being able to see unlimited distances , Range almost stopped having a function at all .
But now when your chance to hit does not decrease with distance , a maximum range suddenly becomes important again . Sure , your Vision is still a practical limit for how far you can fire in most cases , but having infravision or seeing monsters in light can make you target monsters many squares away .
However , range is not an attribute as it used to be . Instead , range is a property of ammunition and launchers . Your total range is the sum of these and are displayed on the player character screen as seen below :
The reason it is not an attribute is that it simply is n't important enough to be an attribute . The target cursor will turn blue when you can fire a missile at a monster just like before . It will also be displayed in the “ distances ” portion of the target window .
The Missile attribute will in most cases be lower than your Melee attribute , usually in the 40 % -60 % range ( compare to Melee that will typically be 60 % -80 % ) . The logical explanation of this is that it is harder to hit a target at a distance with a missile . The gameplay justification is that ranged combat has less risk than melee combat . However , if you equip and train your character specifically for ranged combat , you can of course reach high values or the Missile attribute , just like before .
Blocking
Your Block attribute has never helped in ranged combat . However , in v2.2 Block will also block missile attacks ( but still not magic attacks ) with the same plain percent as melee combat . This is more intuitive ( some players have been surprised to learn that Block did n't help ) . As with melee , there 's a message and a visual cue indicating whether the attack was a miss or if it was blocked .
It did feel a bit weird earlier that there was no defence against missiles . The reason was that the distance penalty was so hard that there were n't room for more penalties . In addition it would have made the chance to hit formula too complicated . Now , there 's a defence attribute for missile attacks and the combat formula is even simpler !
Summary
The new system can be summarized as follows :
Missile is a plain percentage to hit instead of an abstract number .
is a plain percentage to hit instead of an abstract number . Your chance to hit does not decrease with distance .
Missile attacks have a limited range determined by launcher and ammo .
Block now block missiles as well as melee attacks .
This has a series of advantages :
Rolando Reyes Sr. , the founder of Puros Indios cigars and the man behind Cuba Aliados and many other brands , died on Sunday evening in Miami . They were 89 .
Reyes Sr. began working around cigars in Zulueta , Cuba , 80 years ago , when they were nine years old .
“ I worked in a small factory , where I was n't only being taught how to roll cigars , but how to handle everything you had to do . They taught me everything , so I could learn how to start rolling , ” they told Cigar Aficionado in an interview published in 2006 . “ From there I went to a factory in Remedios called Aguilar and then I went to Havana to work in José Piedra . And from there , I went to H. Upmann . ”
In the 1970s , Reyes emigrated to the United States and opened a small cigar factory in the Cuban enclave of Union City , New Jersey . They called their cigars Cuba Aliados , which means Allied Cuba , taking the name from a Cuban bus line . They moved their factory several times , first to Miami , then the Dominican Republic , before settling in Honduras in 1990 . Their company 's cigars are still made there to this day .
“ He was a one of a kind , ” said their grandson , Carlos Diez , the president of Puros Indios Cigars . “ Rolando was an inspiration to many in their industry , with a tireless work ethic and an extreme dedication to their craft . My grandfather has been around this industry so long that many of the great manufacturers of today have come to them at one time or another for help and guidance , but left our factory with an incredible life-long friendship . ”
Christian Eiroa , who made cigars for many years at neighboring Camacho Cigars , said of Reyes Sr. “ He was a good guy—I loved him . ”
Reyes Sr. did things their own way . They would sleep during the day , preferring to do their work in the evening . “ I start at 10 at night , and I 'm done at 4 or 5 o'clock in the morning , ” they said in the Cigar Aficionado interview . “ I am quality control . I like to work at night , because there 's no one to bother me , and I can concentrate better in detail on what 's wrong with a cigar…You have to concentrate . I like to inspect every cigar . ”
Reyes Sr. took great pride in raising farm animals , many of which could be found walking around near their old factory , and growing vegetables . Their last project was starting a farm in Honduras , and growing their own tobacco . The company had recently begun using the tobacco in cigars called Cuba Aliados Cabinet , which went on sale a few months ago .
A public memorial service for Reyes Sr. is taking place tonight in Miami , at Caballero Rivero Woodlawn , 3344 SW 8th Street , from 5 p.m. until midnight .
For more on Reyes , read `` A Conversation with Rolando Reyes Sr . ''
Obama Makes 2nd Statement on # Pulse Club Massacre= > Still Wo n't Say Radical Islam , Pushes Gun Control ( VIDEO )
Troubled President Obama tried for a second time today to discuss the # Pulse Club Massacre with reporters this morning .
They are still trying to distance the killer from their Islamic faith .
“ One of the biggest challenges we are going to have is this…perversion of Islam . ”
Obama : `` One of the biggest challenges we are going to have is this…perversion of Islam . '' pic.twitter.com/LEUKmyOl0L — Fox News ( @ FoxNews ) June 13 , 2016
This poor man is so uncomfortable and out of touch .
Obama still wo n't say radical Islam , ISIS or Islamic State .
Pres . Obama​ : There 's no evidence Orlando shooting was part of larger plot ; no evidence they were directed externally.https : //t.co/GwxaLfDfyN — ABC News ( @ ABC ) June 13 , 2016
And Obama still believes gun control is the answer .
He 's truly living in a fantasy world .
It would be humorous if it was n't so dangerous .
Obama : We have to think about `` the risks we are willing to take by being so lax '' on gun laws https : //t.co/9Bcq4ajMHx https : //t.co/qzzxn1e0TR — CNN Politics ( @ CNNPolitics ) June 13 , 2016
Malawi has become the tenth country in Africa to be put on high alert over fears the pneumonic plague could spread there from Madagascar , where at least 140 people have been killed by the devastating disease .
South Africa , Ethiopia , Kenya , Mozambique , Seychelles , Tanzania , La Reunion and Mayotte , Mauritius and Comoros are the other nine nations preparing for the spread of the disease from the east African island .
The plague was responsible for the Black Death : one of history 's most devastating pandemics , which wiped out an estimated 75 to 200 million people across Medieval Europe in the 1300s .
Madagascar 's outbreak started in August and has spread to more than 2,000 people in the region .
Malawi 's health secretary Dr Dan Namarika said the country was working with Mozambique to prepare for the disease reaching its borders . 'We have infection prevention materials ready and groups and teams ready to be activated if there is a trigger . ''
In a statement released about the Outbreak in early November , the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) said that its control measures will be in place until at least April 2018 , as August to April is when cases of the plague are at their highest .
WHO has pledged £3.8m to combat the disease 's spread , which will go towards getting additional medical personnel to the area , fuel for local ambulances and the disinfection of buildings where treatment is taking place .
`` People infected with plague usually develop 'flu-like ' symptoms after an incubation period of 3-7 days , '' reads a WHO description of the disease . `` Typical symptoms are the sudden onset of fever , chills , head and body-aches and weakness , vomiting and nausea . ''
The strain afflicting Madagascar is easily treated with antibiotics , but the speed at which the plague has spread is still alarming .
A representative for WHO , Tarik Jasarevic , told The Independent that the number of cases has slowed down . `` As of 8 November there were only 16 people hospitalised with plague , compared with 106 on 29 October , '' they said .
`` This trend is encouraging , and shows that the quick steps taken to support the Malagasy Government to contain the outbreak have been effective . However , we must remain vigilant and can not rule out the possibility of future flare-ups . ''
In just four years , the B.C . Greens have emerged from relative obscurity and nagging criticism as a one-issue party to become a legitimate political force with a comprehensive election platform .
They have the party 's smart , likable and hard-working leader Andrew Weaver , MLA for Oak Bay-Gordon Head to thank for that , as evidenced by their credible performance in Wednesday 's televised leaders ' debate . They scored second in an instant poll , behind the NDP 's John Horgan and just ahead of Liberal Christy Clark .
The Greens are brashly putting themselves forward as a party to govern , adopting the slogan “ Change you can count on ” — a virtual knockoff of Barack Obama 's “ Change we can believe in ” , which was used successfully during the 2008 U.S. presidential election .
Political observers suggest the Green party should set its sights on a modest increase in legislative seats .
Norman Ruff , associate professor emeritus of political science at the University of Victoria , says that the Greens have grown from a “ grassroots ecological movement toward a more fully fledged political party with all its trappings of a leadership-driven organization with a broad provincial policy agenda .
“ This is very much Andrew Weaver 's Green party . ”
But Ruff sees little indication that B.C . is ready for a “ critical re-alignment of voters toward a third alternative ” despite all the “ potential vulnerabilities of the governing B.C . Liberals and the public 's alarm about affordability in their everyday lives. ” A widespread sense that voting wo n't change things that much could make efforts to get out the vote all the more important this time around , they noted .
Ruff also predicts that if the Greens “ locate and focus their energies on communities where they are demonstrably seen as local contenders , ” such as southern Vancouver Island , they might add a seat or two , or even achieve official party status with four MLAs .
A Mainstreet/Postmedia poll released April 25 found that despite general voter migration to the NDP , the Greens are “ just barely hanging on to a lead on Vancouver Island where they are now essentially tied . ”
Weaver argues the Greens are capable of drawing from both established parties , and “ from our key demographic : the non-voter. ” They won the only Green seat in the 2013 provincial election , when the party took 8.15 per cent of the popular vote , compared with 44.13 per cent for Liberals and 39.72 per cent for the NDP .
Weaver observes that their own riding had been held by a Liberal for 17 years , a reference to their victory over former Saanich councillor and Liberal MLA Ida Chong .
“ I do n't believe parties own votes . People own votes , ” they said in an interview . “ The lion 's share of people are just looking for someone to vote for instead of against , and that 's the opportunity we offer them . ”
This election campaign , the Greens are fielding candidates in 83 of 87 electoral ridings .
Some have made the news for all the wrong reasons .
Don Barthel , the candidate in Port Moody-Coquitlam , did a lot of backpedalling after telling a friend on Facebook that they were “ just a ‘ paper candidate ' ” and “ not expected to actively campaign. ” The software consultant lives in Vancouver .
The Green candidate in Richmond South Centre is Greg Powell , a United Church minister from Castlegar . Weaver said in their defence that Powell “ wanted to be part of our team , ” but the only slots available were Richmond or Peace River North . “ He 's a very credible person . He 's not a paper candidate . ”
Weaver argued that Liberal leader Christy Clark lives in Vancouver but represents Kelowna , and the NDP candidate in their own riding ( Bryce Casavant , a former conservation officer suspended for saving two cubs on the north island ) is from Port McNeill .
Clark was defeated by the NDP 's David Eby in the riding of Vancouver-Point Grey in the 2013 provincial election that their party won . Later that year , they ran successfully in a byelection in Westside-Kelowna .
Casavant , who is currently renting a condo in Victoria , argues that they turned down a request to run for the Greens because they figured the NDP was the only realistic option for defeating the Liberals .
Weaver also noted that Green candidate Jacquie Miller is running in Delta North , where “ she spent their whole life , ” although they currently live in Vancouver . Chris Maxwell is a cancer researcher at B.C . Children 's Hospital in Vancouver , but is running in the NDP riding of Victoria-Swan Lake . They were born , raised , and educated in Victoria .
Weaver argues the Greens have fielded a broad-based and capable team of candidates .
“ We have six PhD scientists , three CEOs of tech companies , I do n't know how many teachers … I 've lost count . It 's quite a diverse range. ” The party 's youth movement is reflected in 18-year-old beekeeper Samson Boyer , running in Columbia-Revelstoke .
Based on the 2013 provincial election results , one of the Greens ' best hopes for another seat this time is Saanich North and the Islands . ( Green MP Elizabeth May was first elected in Saanich-Gulf Islands in 2011 . )
The NDP 's Gary Holman scored 33.27 per cent of the vote , compared with 32.76 per cent for Liberal Stephen Roberts and 32.07 per cent for the Green 's Adam Olsen . All are running again this time around .
In 2013 , the Greens also did well in Victoria-Beacon Hill — a riding that includes the B.C . legislature — when then-party leader Jane Sterk placed second with 33.82 per cent , behind NDP veteran and former leader Carole James at 48.82 per cent . ( The NDP easily defeated the Greens in Victoria in the 2015 federal election . )
This time around , the Green candidate is the lower-profile Kalen Harris , a University of Victoria political science graduate and owner of the Shatterbox Coffee Bar on Pandora Ave .
Further up the island , the Greens ' Sonia Furstenau , a director of the Cowichan Valley Region District , could make it a close race in the Cowichan Valley riding , where NDP incumbent Bill Routley is not seeking re-election .
In the Interior , the Greens are putting up a brave fight in the Cariboo-Chilcotin , where the party scored barely five per cent of the vote in 2013 . Excessive logging is a key political issue .
Related
Rita Giesbrecht says they have walked the sprawling clearcuts , and witnessed the tragic decline in moose populations . They have heard from the residents , be they ranchers , trappers , or ecotourism operators , and they are all saying enough is enough .
“ We 're done , ” asserts Giesbrecht , a 105 Mile resident . “ It has galvanized the community . ”
They argue that B.C . has suffered from excessive logging in the name of the pine beetle , increased exports of raw logs , the closing of mills , and greater timber industry oversight of its own affairs — all at the expense of local communities .
“ What I 've seen happen in my lifetime out there is nothing short of criminal , ” they say of Liberal policies . “ They come in and do what they want . They throw us a few token jobs and then they leave with the mess to clean up . ”
As for the NDP : “ They 've been missing in action on this topic for the last 20 years . There has been a thundering silence from that side of the legislature on this topic . ”
Giesbrecht has a long history of community participation based on 27 years residency in the region , including in areas of tourism , sustainable agriculture and food security , anti-poverty , family social services , tourism , and the arts .
The answer is not to demonize loggers or logging . Far from it , they said . What is needed is a wholesale rethink of the way logging takes place , with a closer look at impacts on the ecosystem and greater benefits for local communities .
The Greens are on record supporting everything from increased small-scale forest tenures , including for First Nations , an investigation into stumpage rates to ensure fair market value , and encouraging value-added second-growing processing operations , and support for sustainably certified wood products .
“ Currently , ( Liberal ) policy has to do with the health of the corporations , ” Giesbrecht concludes . “ The health of the forest and the social contract with the community to have the wealth stay in the community seems to not be part of the discussion at all . ”
lpynn @ postmedia.com
CLICK HERE to report a typo .
Is there more to this story ? We 'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about . Email vantips @ postmedia.com .
The age old feud between cats and dogs seems to have been put to one side as Lilica the German Shepherd becomes inseparable from their feline friends Liza , Viki and male Muro.But what makes this friendship even more unusual is as well as being cats , the cubs are also wild lynxes.Lilica is helping to teach the little cubs how to fend for themselves in the wild as part of a conservation project in the National Park Velka Fatra , Slovakia.The animals met through a scheme in the country called ‘ Return of Lynxes ' aimed at trying to reintroduce the cats into the wild after numbers suffered from hunting.Conservationist and photographer Tomas Hulik said : ‘ The first part of the project was that we took two young lynxes , Liza and Munro at the age of five weeks. ‘ After the success lynxes Liza and Muro we gat a new lynx called Viki . This was a unusual moment for Lilica , they started to produce milk just like they were puppies .
From November , when it was announced , until now right around its release the news outlets have been reporting on the new Ms. Marvel , particularly due to its protagonist being a Pakistani Muslim teenage girl [ FYI it is also good ] . With all this attention it 's inevitable that every facet of the character would be scrutinized , including what she 's wearing .
Over at the Washington Post they published an article titled “ MS . MARVEL : Marvel Comics ' new focus on women ‘ characters and creators ' aims to defy the ‘ scantily clad ' cliche ” . While it strangely refrains from addressing what Kamala Khan 's actual costume looks like , the sentiment is clear : comic books used to be a boys ' club and they 're seeking to change that . Marvel EIC Axel Alonso states that the female heroes headlining their new books-
“ are not the big-breasted , scantily clad women that perhaps have become the comic-book cliché . They are women with rich interior lives , interesting careers and complicated families who are defined by many things—least of all their looks . ”
It 's difficult to run from your past , any lion cub exiled from Pride Rock will tell you that . The main issue is that while Alonso [ and I really do like the guy ] uses the word “ perhaps ” the fact is that there are still costumes out there that would bar their wearers from entering the Vatican . Never fear , though , because this is the internet and on the internet someone always has a solution .
“ Check Out These Fully Clothed Superhero Redesigns ”
That 's the title of The Mary Sue article that showcases Michael Lee Lunsford 's redesigns of various superhero costumes . It 's the first of many that lauded their work and were bouncing around the internet during that time , and it 's unfortunate that since then the artist 's tumblr hosting said images has been deactivated . Before I start showing these images The Beat has the following statement from Lunsford regarding why they chose to undertake this creative endeavour :
“ Point of this : An exercise in character design , attempting to clothe the heros nearly all the way and not making them painted-on , while still keeping the look of their original costumes in some way . Hopefully keeping them looking as iconic as the originally were . Just showing what can be done with a costume breaking outside the barrier of the norm . NOT the point of this : some moral code I 'm trying to push on you . ”
And now for a few of the redesigns themselves .
The four characters I chose are , from left to right : Zatanna , Black Canary , Wonder Woman , and Power Girl . For those of you who may not be as familiar with comics and are wondering what the main difference is from the original costumes , it 's that all of these women are wearing pants . Both Zatanna and Black Canary often wear fishnets , while WW and PG do n't wear any . Power Girl in particular utilized a “ boob window ” which you can see referenced in their revamped costume .
I also specifically chose these redesigns because , and all due respect to Lunsford , they are as ugly as sin . That 's highly subjective of course , and I could debate the merits of an Amazon/demigod wearing khakis , but I quickly want to turn to yet another artist who [ and I 'll get to why ] completely misses the point-
In late April of last year Kelly Thompson wrote “ 6 Sublime Superhero Redesigns ” over at their column They Have No Head ! for Comic Book Resources . It featured six characters who had gotten spectacular makeovers that downplayed or outright eliminated the cheesecakeyness of their old threads , and as a costume redesign buff I was super into it . Valkyrie , shown above , was definitely due for a new wardrobe .
Then , a month later , Thompson followed it up with another SHNH ! installment titled “ 6 Stupid Superhero Designs That Need Redesign , Stat ! ” . In it eight female comic book characters [ there are two extra , and some of them are villains ] were redesigned specially for the article , with four of them by artist Meredith McClaren . I 'm only going to go into detail with one in particular .
On the right is Power Girl in all of their boob-windowed glory . While they actually had a different “ fully clothed ” [ I 'm going to get back to that later as well ] costume at the beginning of DC 's reboot they soon reverted back to what most fans are familiar with .
It is . . . pretty problematic for a number of reasons . As much as I 'm not a fan of Aaron Diaz 's redesigns [ with enough creative changes at some point they stop being the characters you sought out to revitalize ] they created a very relevant post explaining why cleavage and superheroics is a bad idea .
Enter McClaren , who brought the character down a couple of bust sizes [ not something I have a problem with , really ] , and describes their further process by stating “ Last time I redesigned Power Girl in the context of a wrestler/weightlifter . This time I thought of them as a boxer . And then I just had fun. ” You can see their design there on the left .
Look , if the assignment were to depict what vigilantes might wear during their downtime , then yeah , McClaren nails it one thousand percent . The problem is that these are supposed to be superhero costumes . They 're meant to have style and substance , flash and iconicity . This does n't communicate the great deal of strength [ scrapper than brawler ] that Power Girl has , nor their otherworldliness [ she 's a Kryptonian like Superman ] .
To cap this off with just one more to pound my point home , below is an image featuring their take on Cheshire , a lethal martial artist and mercenary .
For McClaren [ no offence intended , as I 've seen their other work and it is lovely ] being “ fully clothed ” translated to “ wearing clothes ” . Full stop . That 's not to say that Thompson 's followup article was an absolute bust , though , because they made absolutely the right call by bringing in the incredible Kris Anka .
Kris Anka Explains It All
I enjoy Kristafer Anka 's work a great deal , and their redesigns contrast with McClaren 's [ and Lunsford 's ] for a number of reasons . Below is their Harley Quinn for reference-
First and foremost , you know that 's Harley Quinn ; the recognizability is strong with this one . Secondly , it 's practical . The heavy-duty boots and hardy look of the fabric make this out to be a sidekick/girlfriend to the Joker who can trade a few blows with the Caped Crusader . Finally , it looks great- the red/black harlequin motif blends seamlessly with the more utilitarian attire , and the hood complete with pompoms is inspired .
Now that we 're into the more positive section of this post , let me get to what I said I would get to . The problem with “ fully clothed ” as a defining factor is that it itself does n't seem like it has a firm definition . A woman in a swimsuit may not be fully clothed , but how about one wearing a tank top and jeans ? Do bare arms , legs , or a midriff bar one from being “ fully clothed ” ?
On top of that Lunsford and their “ fully clothed ” costumes very much miss a crucial point , which is that they prioritize covering up over everything else ; Black Canary 's pants in particular look very baggy , and would be difficult for them to engage in the hand-to-hand combat they excel at . Wonder Woman 's pants ignore the fact that a skirt would not only look great and cover up some thigh , they would also fit their role as a Greek-influenced warrior [ heck , there 's a whole site dedicated to the look ] .
Thankfully this is all something that Anka wrote an entire post on their tumblr about , regarding modesty and sexuality in the many redesigns he 's done professionally , the most important part of which is that :
“ The CHARACTER must be first and foremost the inspiration and guideline for all the decisions made when trying to design the clothing . NOT what you want to see on a character to get your rocks off . I find that frankly immature , and an insult to the character you are trying to do justice to . ”
With that in mind , there are certainly characters who flaunt what they got for story reasons . Emma Frost , for one-
“ Here is a character who prides themselves on their looks . They are an incredibly confident character mentally , and likes to show off themselves physically . Emma Frost flaunting it works because it works for Them They like control , they like power , and one of the best tools for that is their body . They can turn heads with their body , they can command attention with it . They would n't even need to use their telepathy to have someone lose focus . Emma Frost is incredibly intelligent , they know what they are doing . ”
Not to mention that they can turn their skin into diamond . On that note , the indestructible Namor likewise does n't require any covering up . Even beyond that-
“ having Namor show off skin actually helps to tell a lot about them as a character . It shows their confidence , it shows they are n't afraid to be attacked , and it largely makes sense given they live in water . ”
And that 's how it should be done . There should n't be any sort of agenda one way or the other towards covering up all flesh or letting it all hang out , what comic book characters wear should be dictated by who they are . Even in their Emma Frost design for Thompson 's article they give story reasons as to why they would choose to conceal their assets-
” I chose to make the full body covered , because as a character who prides themselves on their confidence , and the confidence brought forth from their body , I 'd imagine with this weakened state of mental resolve they would n't be too keen on showing it off . But that does n't mean Emma wo n't still be fashionable . ”
There 's a reason that Marvel has continued to turn to the man to redesign such characters as high profile as Wolverine– they love them and the lives they 've been living . It 's because they understand them that they are both willing and able to do whatever it takes to make them as true to form as possible
So How About That New Ms. Marvel , Then ?
Designed by Jamie McKelvie [ who 's also responsible for the new Captain Marvel getup ] , Kamala Khan 's crime fighting attire is everything that Anka believes an artist make it be .
For one , it 's clearly inspired by actual Pakistani clothing , which is fitting as Kamala 's story is deeply intertwined with their cultural heritage . The amount of skin shown [ neck to forehead , mid forearms to fingertips ] is also appropriate for a sixteen-year-old girl who panically spits out the alcohol they accidentally sip at a party . Modesty is part of being a Muslim , and while free of a head covering [ unlike fellow female Muslim superhero Dust ] there 's still attention paid to what is covered/uncovered .
In addition to all of that , this is obviously the costume of a superhero . The lightning bolt motif is a clear callback to Carol Danver 's Ms. Marvel threads as is the scarf , though the starburst design on the latter is a reference to Danver 's current Captain Marvel alter-ego . It 's both iconic and stylish , and , most importantly , fits the character . All in all , mission accomplished .
Ms. Marvel 's costume is n't necessarily a success because it bucks a trend , it 's a success because it fits their character . Do n't get me wrong , I fully realize that the industry still has a way to go when it comes to how they dress their superheros [ Spider-Woman redesign , please ! ] as it can alienate many potential readers . That being said there 's more to it than just slapping pants and undershirts onto these women , because anything worth doing is worth doing well .
BOSTON ( CBS ) – Jimmy Garoppolo has not been traded by the New England Patriots .
The Patriots backup QB took to Facebook on Friday morning to let the world know that their Instagram account was hacked overnight , and he 's still a member of the defending Super Bowl champs .
Their agent , Don Yee , also confirmed that the post was a hack .
Don Yee , agent for # Patriots QB Jimmy Garoppolo , says : `` Jimmy 's social media account was hacked . '' — Ian Rapoport ( @ RapSheet ) March 10 , 2017
A cryptic message appeared on Garoppolo 's Instagram page around 4 a.m. Friday saying :
“ So grateful for my time in New England . Peace out Boston. ” There was also a photo of the backup quarterback holding the Lombardi Trophy .
The post remained up for several hours until it was removed sometime after 9 a.m. , causing quite the commotion on social media .
Just before 5:30 a.m. NFL.com reporter Ian Rapoport reported on Twitter that it looked like Garoppolo 's account had been hacked :
Spoke to someone close to Jimmy Garoppolo who had no knowledge of any trade and believes it 's a hack . Alas , it 's 5:26 am now & we 're all up — Ian Rapoport ( @ RapSheet ) March 10 , 2017
Rapoport also said there have been no trade talks with the Cleveland Browns , the team reportedly leading the pursuit for Garoppolo .
ESPN Boston 's Mike Reiss reported something similar about a possible hack/hoax moments later :
Source close to Jimmy G : No knowledge of any trade . Believes Instagram post ( https : //t.co/HfFqiAKyI1 )
is hoax/hack that has set off frenzy . — Mike Reiss ( @ MikeReiss ) March 10 , 2017
I 'm told that there are `` no trade talks '' for Jimmy Garoppolo and the # Browns going on , at this time . — Josina Anderson ( @ JosinaAnderson ) March 10 , 2017
The Patriots did not have a comment on the original post .
BREAKING – # Patriots spokesperson tells me they are `` not aware '' that # JimmyGaroppolo is leaving . Wo n't comment on their social media post . # WBZ — Kate Merrill ( @ KateMerrill ) March 10 , 2017
. @ wbznewsradio spoke to # Patriots this morning . We were told they have no comment as to whether or not Jimmy Garoppolo 's been traded . — Adam Kaufman ( @ AdamMKaufman ) March 10 , 2017
Stay tuned .
[ graphiq id= ” cx7L8Zt9RwF ” title= ” Jimmy Garoppolo ” width= ” 600″ height= ” 748″ url= ” https : //w.graphiq.com/w/cx7L8Zt9RwF ” link_text= ” Graphiq ” ]
Sean Spicer announced on Friday morning that they would resign as White House press secretary . Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Sean Spicer , the White House 's embattled press secretary , announced their resignation on Friday morning , after telling President Donald Trump they strongly disagreed with their selection for White House communications director .
Spicer tweeted that it had been `` an honor & a privilege to serve '' Trump and `` this amazing country . ''
`` I will continue my service through August , '' they added .
The New York Times first reported Spicer 's resignation .
Trump offered Anthony Scaramucci the top communications post around 10 a.m. Friday . According to The Times ' sources , Spicer told the president they believed the decision was a significant misstep .
Scaramucci , an investment-firm founder and top Trump donor and surrogate , became the senior vice president and chief strategy officer of the Export-Import Bank last month .
They had been denied the role of director of the White House 's Office of Public Liaison as questions swirled over ethics conflicts stemming from the sale of their firm , SkyBridge Capital , to a division of HNA Group , a Chinese company with ties to the Communist Party , according to The Times .
Reince Priebus , the White House chief of staff , is reportedly opposed to the hire and believes Scaramucci does not possess the necessary political experience and skill set to lead the communications team . They told reporters on Friday , however , that they supported Scaramucci `` 100 % . ''
After Mike Dubke resigned in May after three months as communications director , Spicer took on some of their responsibilities , and Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders largely assumed Spicer 's press-briefing duties . Had they stayed , Spicer would have reported to Scaramucci .
Spicer has long been a fixture of the Washington political establishment , previously serving as the spokesperson for the Republican National Committee .
Spicer , whose frequent portrayals on `` Saturday Night Live '' made them a household name , has been widely criticized by the media and Democrats for blunders and misleading statements they have made at the podium .
In April , after dozens of Syrians were killed in a chemical attack US officials said was ordered by Syrian President Bashar Assad , Spicer made headlines when they falsely claimed that unlike Assad , Adolf Hitler did n't use chemical weapons .
When Spicer was asked during a White House press briefing whether they thought there was any reason to think Russia would pull back its support of Syria , its ally for decades , they muddled some facts about World War II .
`` We did n't use chemical weapons in World War II , '' they said . `` You had someone as despicable as Hitler did n't even sink to using chemical weapons . If you 're Russia , you have to ask yourself if this is a country and regime that you want to align yourself with . ''
But the World War II-era German dictator famously did use chemical weapons in gas chambers to exterminate millions of Jewish people , LGBTQ people , and others in Eastern Europe . The press secretary 's claim was immediately rebuffed by reporters in the room and on people on social media , where their comments went viral . Some Democrats , including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , called on Spicer to resign .
They apologized the next day for their comment , saying : `` I made a mistake ; there 's no other way to say it . ''
Spicer began their 182-day tenure on shaky ground when they attacked reporters at their first press briefing and falsely claimed that the crowd at Trump 's inauguration was the largest in American history .
`` This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration , period , both in person and around the globe , '' they said , contrary to photos and other evidence of a smaller audience than the one at President Barack Obama 's 2009 inauguration .
The White House did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
In front of tens of thousands of supporters , Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan could not have been more direct as they targeted members of the European Parliament .
`` Know your place , '' they roared in mid-June .
A few days later , they declared that they `` did not recognise '' the EU legislature .
Erdoğan was condemning the European Parliament 's criticism of `` disproportionate and excessive use of force '' against Turkish anti-government protesters .
The outbursts were just a few demonstrations of the prime minister 's recent fury towards European politicians and international media over their reactions to the anti-government protests which flared across Turkey in late May .
What is happening right now in Turkey , in my view , does not correspond to our understanding of the freedom to assemble , of freedom of expression . Angela Merkel , German Chancellor
The three-week uprising , known as the Gezi Park protests , saw a new blow hit to already shaky Ankara-Brussels relations - with critical statements , and some far from diplomatic rhetoric , flung around the continent throughout the crackdown on the protests .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said they were `` appalled '' by the way Turkey handled the uprising . `` What is happening right now in Turkey , in my view , does not correspond to our understanding of the freedom to assemble , of freedom of expression , '' they said .
The resulting diplomatic row saw each side summoning the other 's ambassador .
Merkel staunchly opposes Turkey 's full membership of the EU , and has frequently said that they would prefer to see Turkey as `` a privileged partner '' .
EU membership negotiations revolve around 35 `` chapters '' - each dealing with bringing a specific area of domestic policy in line with that of the member states .
So far , 17 chapters in Turkey 's accession talks remain blocked from discussion for various political reasons .
Despite the ongoing tension , an EU Foreign Affairs Council meeting on June 25 decided to resume talks , the first such bid following a three-year stalemate . However , facing pressure from a German-led group of state delegations over the police crackdown on protesters , European foreign ministers decided that the talks would not get underway before October .
Commission report key
And further complications may still arise before talks resume .
The European Commission is set to publish a progress report on Turkey on October 9 , for consideration by EU foreign ministers before they open discussions on Chapter 22 of acquis negotiations - which deal with Turkey 's regional policy .
Following the agreement to resume talks , German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle stressed that Berlin had to come up with a compromise .
`` On the one hand we can not act as if nothing had happened in the last days , '' they told reporters . `` On the other hand , we have to look for a strategy that satisfies the EU 's long-term interests . ''
Turkish Foreign Minister Davutoglu , however , took a firm stance : `` The decision has been made , and it has been confirmed - the chapter was opened . Joint works will continue for not only this chapter but also others to be opened as we agreed . ''
Meanwhile , Croatia , which started accession talks on the same day at Turkey in 2005 , became a full member on July 1 .
Dr Natalie Tocci , deputy director of the Institute of International Affairs , believes that the EU must revitalise membership talks to reclaim its influence over Turkey .
`` The Turkish government 's harsh reaction to expressions of domestic dissent , the EU 's criticisms thereof and the Turkish rebuff of the EU 's critique boil down to two conclusions : on the one hand , the enduring importance of the EU anchor for Turkey 's jump towards a mature and genuine democracy , and on the other the EU 's lost leverage on Turkey , '' they told Al Jazeera .
According to Tocci , in addition to the talks planned for October , beginning discussions on Chapter 23 - relating to judiciary and fundamental rights - and Chapter 24 - justice , freedom and security - is vital , considering how relevant those areas are to current events .
Stumbling points
Turkey 's EU bid remains in a uniquely precarious position .
Eight of the chapters blocked from discussion stem from a 2006 EU decision condemning Turkey for refusing to open its ports and airports to Greek Cypriot ships and planes . The Council also decreed in that sitting that no other chapter would be finalised until Turkey had fulfilled this commitment .
France and Cyprus ( in 2007 and 2009 respectively ) also froze a number of chapters . France later withdrew its block on discussing Chapter 22 , which concerns Turkey 's regional policy . To this date , only 13 chapters have been opened , and only one of them is provisionally complete .
Cengiz Aktar , an associate professor at Turkey 's Bahcesehir University and an expert on EU studies , told Al Jazeera that the freeze on membership talks had been beginning to thaw in the past year . The EU 's decision to resume talks followed a number of positive developments , which took a subsequent blow over the Gezi Park protests , said Aktar .
`` An unprecedented cooperation system called 'Positive Agenda ' was launched around a year ago to cover the preparatory work on chapters and therefore speed up the process , '' Aktar said . `` On top of that , the Council authorised the European Commission to negotiate easier visa terms with Turkey - and [ French President Francais ] Hollande 's government withdrew its veto on Chapter 22 . ''
The Positive Agenda programme was launched by Turkey and the EU on May 8 , 2012 , with the aim `` to keep the accession process of Turkey alive and put it properly back on track after a period of stagnation '' . In this framework , joint working groups were founded on eight chapters , including Chapter 22 .
Change in course of relations
In the early and mid-2000s , Turkey and the EU enjoyed warm relations , crowned by the opening of accession talks in 2005 . Ankara passed several EU harmonisation packages which began to align its legislation with the other states in the bloc . The European Commission 's progress reports , decisions of EU institutions on Turkey and messages of European politicians on Ankara 's membership prospects became headline news .
There is a recent positive vibe within the EU regarding Turkey 's membership ; to what degree Turkey is able to utilise this is the main question of the next four months . Cengiz Aktar , Bahcesehir University
Pursuing a degree in EU studies was hip in Turkey when membership to the highly popular international organisation topped Turkey 's political agenda . Non-governmental organisations , think-tanks and universities were keen on conducting political , social and economic research on Turkey 's prospects in the bloc .
Yet today , Turkey , a country that has emerged as a political and economic power in the region , has deeper economic and political relations with its eastern and southern neighbours , and has more distanced relations with the EU .
According to Eurobarometer public opinion surveys conducted by the European Commission , public support among Turkish citizens for EU membership was 71 percent in 2004 , highest among the candidate countries of the time . That figure dropped to 49 percent in 2008 , 42 percent in 2010 and 36 percent in 2012 .
Whether the growing apathy towards the EU stems from the negative attitudes of former French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Merkel , a change in Turkish government 's policy towards the EU or Turkey 's rising regional power , shifts among various dynamics have led to stagnation in Turkey 's EU bid .
Aktar stressed the need for renewed dynamism in the talks , and the need for the EU to set a viable EU entry date `` such as 2023 '' for Turkey .
`` October is a key month for Turkey 's membership bid , '' they commented .
`` There is a recent positive vibe within the EU regarding Turkey 's membership ; to what degree Turkey is able to utilise this is the main question of the next four months . ''
Follow Umut Uras on Twitter : @ Um_Uras
Howard Stern recently said on their SiriusXM radio show that `` nobody wanted Hillary [ Clinton ] to win more than Donald Trump . ''
They made the comment Monday after playing a clip of the president telling Reuters , `` I loved my previous life . I had so many things going . This is more work than in my previous life . I thought it would be easier . ''
Stern corroborated the likely validity of Trump 's reflection , saying they were `` being very honest . ''
The radio host had explained earlier in the program that `` I know Trump 's life . I 've seen it up close . He 's got the kind of life that politicians want . ''
They added , `` Seventy-year-old guy who has made so much money—have billions of dollars—that they have their own helicopter , they have their own airplane , he 's got their hot wife . He 's got fame from a number one television show ... He has the life . ''
8 PHOTOS Donald Trump and Howard Stern through the years See Gallery Donald Trump and Howard Stern through the years Donald Trump , Melania Trump , Beth Ostrosky , Howard Stern and Chris Rock ( Photo by James Devaney/WireImage ) Donald Trump , Melania Trump , Beth Ostrosky and Howard Stern ( Photo by James Devaney/WireImage ) Alison Stern and Howard Stern ( Photo by Ron Galella/WireImage ) Donald Trump , Melania Trump , Beth Ostrosky and Howard Stern ( Photo by James Devaney/WireImage ) NEW YORK CITY - OCTOBER 21 : Donald Trump attends Howard Stern E ! TV Press Conference on October 21 , 1992 at the Plaza Hotel in New York City . ( Photo by Ron Galella/WireImage ) Howard Stern & Allison , Joe Frazier & Donking , Rosic O'Donell , senator Daato , Morgentosa , Susan Luchi , Toni Kateaw , Burica Jagger . December 20 , 1993 . ( Photo by David Rentas / ( c ) NYP Holdings , Inc. via Getty Images ) NEW YORK CITY - OCTOBER 21 : Donald Trump attends Howard Stern E ! TV Press Conference on October 21 , 1992 at the Plaza Hotel in New York City . ( Photo by Ron Galella/WireImage ) NEW YORK - NOVEMBER 4 : Donald Trump ( L ) , Melania Trump , Howard Stern ( C ) and and their girlfriend Beth Ostrosky and Chris Rock ( R ) and their wife Malaak Compton-Rock watch the game between the New York Knicks and the Washington Wizards on November 4 , 2005 at Madison Square Garden in New York City . NOTE TO USER : User expressly acknowledges and agrees that , by downloading and or using this photograph , User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement . Mandatory Copyright Notice : Copyright 2005 NBAE ( Photo by Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE via Getty Images ) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Stern then explained that , despite the downsides , the business person probably continued running for president because they could not say no .
Stern expressed similar thoughts on their show in early February , telling the audience that Trump is `` p * * * * d they won . They still want Hillary Clinton to win . ''
CNN notes that the radio host also predicted that the presidency would be `` detrimental to their [ Trump 's ] mental health too , because , they want to be liked , they want to be loved . ''
Although Stern reportedly backed Clinton in the 2016 presidential race , they and Trump have been friendly over the past 20 years .
More from :
MSNBC sets Nicolle Wallace at 4 PM hour
Trump suggests potential 2020 election battle against 'Pocahontas ' Elizabeth Warren
'Get off of Twitter ' : As Trump nears day 100 , some stirrings of discontent
Preserved Nauen transmitter building , dating from 1920
Nauen Transmitter Station ( German : Grossfunkstelle Nauen or Sender Nauen ) in Nauen , Havelland district , Brandenburg , Germany , is the oldest continuously operating radio transmitting installation in the world . It was founded on 1 April 1906 by Telefunken engineer R. Hirsch on a 40-hectare property north of Nauen , leased from Fideikommissar Fritz Stotze . It operated as a longwave radiotelegraphy station through the end of World War 2 , when invading Russian troops dismantled and removed the transmitting equipment . Since then it has been used as an international shortwave station . The original 1920 transmitter building remains .
History [ edit ]
( rear ) and vertical quenched spark gaps ( right ) 25 kW quenched spark transmitter built 1906 at Nauen , showing large 400 μF Leyden jar capacitor bankand vertical quenched spark gaps Umbrella antenna of transmitter
During the early years of the 20th century industrial nations began building networks of powerful longwave transoceanic radiotelegraphy stations to communicate with other countries and keep in touch with their overseas colonies . These transmitted telegram traffic with Morse code at high speed using paper tape machines . During World War I long distance radio communication became a strategic technology ; not only was it necessary to keep in contact with oversees armies and naval fleets , but a nation that did n't have radio could be isolated by an enemy cutting its submarine telegraph cables ( as happened to Germany during both world wars ) .
The Telefunken company , founded in 1903 by radio pioneers Adolf Slaby , Georg von Arco , and Karl Ferdinand Braun , was ( with its rival , Britain 's Marconi Company ) one of the two giant wireless firms of the age . Built by Telefunken , the Nauen station was Germany 's first high power radio transmitter . Trial service was initiated on 9 August 1906 , and operational service began on 16 August 1906 using a 25 kW quenched spark transmitter , which fed an umbrella antenna supported by a steel lattice mast 100 metres high , insulated from earth . Since the station had no commercial power , a 35 HP steam tractor was installed in the transmitter building , a light half timbered house , which powered a 50 Hz alternator producing 24 kW output power .
Arc transmitters were installed in 1909 , which increased the range of the station to 5000 kilometres .
A radio link with the German colony of Togoland was established for the first time in 1911 . In the same year the antenna tower was increased to 200 metres in height ; however , this tower was destroyed by a storm on 31 March 1912 . A temporary replacement antenna was suspended between two 120 metres high masts . This was replaced by a V-shaped antenna supported by five masts at end of 1912 . In 1913 the first high power alternator transmitter was installed in the station . This was an early radio transmitter technology invented by Georg von Arco similar to the Alexanderson alternator , which generated radio frequency current using a rotating generator turned by an electric motor , but the output frequency was produced by a magnetic frequency doubler .
A large antenna , 1037 metres long , was installed on 10 February 1914 supported by a 260 metre mast and two 120 metre masts . A new modern transmitter building was also installed .
First World War and the interwar period [ edit ]
The site in 1931
After the beginning of World War I , the station became very important because the transatlantic cables leading to Germany were cut by the British Navy . During the war , the station was run by the German Admiralty . The British Radio Intelligence Service devoted much effort into intercepting and decoding communications from the station during the war .
In 1916 , at the urging of Bredow , major additional development of the station took place . The antenna system was enormously increased in size and additional longwave machine transmitters were installed . In 1920 the main antenna , carried on two 260 metre and four 125 metre high masts , was 2484 metres long .
At a right angle to the large antenna was a smaller antenna , carried by three masts , one of which looked like an electricity power transmission pylon . The last longwave transmitter was installed at Nauen in 1923 . Shortwave transmitters were installed after 1924 .
From 1918 to 1931 the station was run by Transradio AG . On 1 January 1932 the German Reichspost took over the station .
Although vacuum tube transmitters had long been the state of the art in the 1930s , the high power machine transmitters were again modernized in 1937 .
Second World War and the post-war period [ edit ]
Long distance shortwave transmitting antenna at Nauen , 2004
In World War II , the VLF-transmitters served mainly to transmit instructions to submerged submarines . The station survived World War II without damage , but after May 1945 was disassembled by Soviet occupation forces . All technical mechanisms were dismantled and the masts of the station were blown up . Whether and where the dismantled transmitters were used in the Soviet Union is unknown . The Muthesius building was also planned to be blown up , but this was prevented .
The building was used for potato storage up until 1955 when the station began to install shortwave transmitters once again , first only for diplomatic communications , and then for foreign broadcast in 1958 . Thirty-nine rhombic antennas were erected for transmitting .
In the 1960s one of the first rotating shortwave broadcast antennas was built nearby at the Dechtower dyke . This antenna , which still exists , has a height of 70 metres and it supports two antenna fields weighing 40 and 70 tons .
In 1972 , near the rotating antenna , a shortwave curtain antenna was built and further transmitters went into service . Also , a new shortwave curtain antenna beamed toward South America was built .
After German reunification , all transmitters and antennas , except for shortwave broadcast , were switched off and dismantled .
Current status [ edit ]
A new shortwave broadcasting system consisting of four rotating towers and four 500 kilowatt transmitters was built by Thomcast Communications between 1995 and 1997 .
Coordinates :
Share . What happens after a small team produces a big hit ? What happens after a small team produces a big hit ?
The business of making games is n't cheap these days . Even relatively inexpensive titles can easily cost millions . Industry lay-offs and the growing practice of micro-transactions and the phenomenon of Day 1 DLC are some of the more visible symptoms of systemic bloat in the AAA ecosystem ; at least that 's the line towed by the fans of all things independent .
As more and more of this prolific new crop of developers begins gearing up for the next generation , that narrative does n't quite communicate the unique struggles and risks of those in the scene .
Bastion & Transistor
Bastion is one of those special games ; those unique bits that seem to come from nowhere and provide , if nothing else , a stylistically well-executed adventure that makes people wonder why big studios do n't ever seem to get creative . Still , Greg Kasavin , creative director at Supergiant Games said that their vision has come at a huge cost – to everyone at the company .
“ We self-funded Bastion and we 're self-funding Transistor… in fact we turned down offers for publisher money , because maintaining creative control , keeping the intellectual property , and remaining independent are all very important to us . ”
Exit Theatre Mode
While that dedication to independence is n't at all clear in the final product , the team has been rather public about the corners they were forced to cut . Large chunks of the voice work , for example , were recorded in a closet . Similarly , with Transistor Supergiant is n't looking to build an extravagant big budget title . “ It 's not that different , ” Kasavin says , “ other than we 're now paying ourselves above poverty-level wages and working in a small studio instead of a living room. “ As dire as financial needs may once again become , the pressure of making a commercial hit does n't quite match the desire to make something in which the team can believe .
“ At any rate , our primary concern is creating something that lives up to our standards . That 's a more manageable problem than dreading financial failure . Since we 're a small team , our costs are relatively low and we do n't need to sell millions of copies of a thing in order to keep going . What 's more important to our long-term , I think , is being able to sustainably create great games together as a team . The good news is we get better at that the longer we 're able to do it .
“ It [ is n't ] easier than Bastion . I do n't really want it to be easier than Bastion . On a personal level I feel that unless I 'm struggling then I 'm not doing my best . If things are going easily for me it makes me feel very uneasy , like I must be missing something important . ”
Super Meat Boy
Within the “ independent ” world there are often subtle undertones of whom or what is more “ indie ” than any other is . Some would say , for example , that even though Bastion and Transistor are almost completely self-funded , that they do n't count because Supergiant secured a publisher . Others would say that putting too much of your own cash down also disqualifies you and your game from that coveted pedestal . Regardless of what definition you pick , though , Edmund McMillen and Tommy Refenes , definitely have a claim .
The developers behind Super Meat Boy were one of the more dramatic stories chronicled in last year 's documentary , Indie Game : The Movie . At the time , McMillen drove a totaled truck and nearly fell $ 50,000 in debt from medical expenses , and Tommy , the other half of the development duo known as Team Meat , was borrowing money from McMillen to help make rent . In 2009 , McMillen 's best year , they grossed right around $ 36,000 . The release of Super Meat Boy ended all of that .
“ It was n't glamorous , it 's never glamorous and I never thought it would be…
“ It was n't glamorous , it 's never glamorous and I never thought it would be…but my priorities are set in stone , being productive and feeling like I have a purpose is the most important thing . I spent most of my life trying to do these things , and I 'm at a point where I do n't have to worry about money . I do n't have to fight that fight again and I can just be creative and be happy .
McMillen and Tommy are one of the few , the very few , that have managed to break away from the standard high-pressure game development cycle . The Binding of Isaac , McMillen 's first follow-up , took little more than a few weeks of actual work to make , and was n't intended to be much more than a passion project , a quick , easy game to chase the prolonged development of Super Meat Boy . They wanted to make something , “ weird , that [ he ] did n't care about selling , to remind [ himself ] why making games is so fun. ” When people suggested they sell it , they thought , “ no one is going to buy this shitty game . ”
“ That 's why I love indie development so much . Me and Tommy will never be in the kind of situation where we somehow invested millions of dollars into something so that we have to sell millions of copies to break even . To be indie means to take risks , to do that you have to keep your overhead low and you have to be realistic about it . ”
Team Meat 's next game , Mew-Genics , is something of a crazy cat lady simulator . Passing up a direct sequel to Meat Boy , something that would be a safe hit , to work on a strange pet project is probably about as far from conventional wisdom as it gets .
“ Veterans , gaming veterans , are getting outdone by kids with almost no experience . I mean these guys should be able to destroy these kids , but they ca n't . The mainstream has become so bloated and so scared and so they say ‘ We know this will make money , so let 's just keep doing this and keep doing this . ' They ca n't take a risk , because a real risk for them would be the company going under and tons of people losing jobs . Indies have taken that opportunity . ”
In the incessant march of modern military shooters , McMillen says , “ It does n't take much to make something that stands out these days . Okay indie games will average an 8 on most websites because they 're taking risks , but because the teams are small , and the budgets are small , the risks are small ... if Mew-Genics does n't do well , outside of the emotional hit , I wo n't really care . There was no investment . Also the soundtrack . People will definitely buy that . ”
The libels on me and their easily traceable email trails show conclusively that there is a powerful lobby determined to prevent any view other than its own from being aired , still less to factor in American understanding of trends and events in the Middle East . The tactics of the Israel Lobby plumb the depths of dishonor and indecency and include character assassination , selective misquotation , the willful distortion of the record , the fabrication of falsehoods , and an utter disregard for the truth . The aim of this Lobby is control of the policy process through the exercise of a veto over the appointment of people who dispute the wisdom of its views , the substitution of political correctness for analysis , and the exclusion of any and all options for decision by Americans and our government other than those that it favors .
There is a special irony in having been accused of improper regard for the opinions of foreign governments and societies by a group so clearly intent on enforcing adherence to the policies of a foreign government - in this case , the government of Israel . I believe that the inability of the American public to discuss , or the government to consider , any option for US policies in the Middle East opposed by the ruling faction in Israeli politics has allowed that faction to adopt and sustain policies that ultimately threaten the existence of the state of Israel . It is not permitted for anyone in the United States to say so . This is not just a tragedy for Israelis and their neighbors in the Middle East ; it is doing widening damage to the national security of the United States .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BELLEVILLE , IL ( KTVI ) - Voters in St. Clair and Madison County are complaining about polling places running out of ballots .
The St. Clair County Clerk says this is happening for several reasons . Precincts are n't calling the County Clerk 's Office to inform them of the lack of ballots until they 're all out . The clerk 's office only has one printer that can print out the properly formatted ballots .
For the first time , Illinois residents can register to vote and cast ballots on the same day at all polling sites . Election Day registration allows unregistered voters or those who have moved and need to update their information to get registered and vote all at once .
This is not limited to St. Clair and Madison Counties . Several other Illinois Counties are running out of ballots . Sangamon County polling places will stay open an extra 90 minutes to deal with the volume of voters
October 02nd will serve as the official release date of Vanna ‘ s new covers EP , “ ALT “ , which will be released through Pure Noise Records . The band have just released a video for their take on Marilyn Manson ‘ s “ The Beautiful People ” from it below . Frontman Davey Muise said of that :
“ One of the first songs and videos I was taken with , Manson ‘ s lyrics and attention grabbing ways have always spoken to the anti-conformist in me , not to mention they made me start questioning what was put in front of me even as young as I was . My anthem for rebelling with a cause , and reason to wear black . ”
Cover choices for the record include Metallica , Korn and more with the details available below :
“ Alt “ :
01 – “ Beautiful People ” ( Marilyn Manson cover )
02 – “ Self-Esteem ” ( The Offspring cover )
03 – “ Zero ” ( The Smashing Pumpkins cover )
04 – “ Got The Life ” ( Korn cover )
05 – “ Fuel ” ( Metallica cover )
The band will also be touring in support of it , performing the various covers live at the following dates :
10/23 Portland , ME – Port City Music Hall
10/24 Ottawa , ON – Ritual
10/25 London , ON – Rum Runners
10/26 Toronto , ON – Hard Luck Bar
10/27 Hamilton , ON – Club Absinthe
10/28 Lakewood , OH – Mahall 's
10/29 Buffalo , NY – Waiting Room
10/30 Amityville , NY – Amityville Music Hall
10/31 Poughkeepsie , NY – The Chance
[ via Revolver ]
On Fox News , Senator Mike Lee , Republican of Utah , said if there are recordings , it was “ probably inevitable ” that they would be turned over to Congress , which is investigating possible connections between Mr. Trump 's campaign and Russia .
Both senators , along with others , were responding to the president 's warning to Mr. Comey , in a Twitter post on Friday , that they had “ better hope that there are no ‘ tapes ' of our conversations before they start leaking to the press ! ”
The minority leader , Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , said that President Trump should turn over such tapes “ immediately , ” if they exist , while Senator Mark Warner of Virginia , the ranking Democrat on the committee investigating the Russia ties , said that such recordings must be preserved .
Mr. Schumer also used the controversy to repeat their call for a special prosecutor to lead the Russia investigation , and left open the possibility that Democrats might withdraw support for a new F.B.I . director if the Justice Department did not appoint an independent prosecutor .
“ A special prosecutor can look into these tapes , can look into if they exist , can examine everything in an independent way , ” they said on CNN 's “ State of the Union . ”
“ Dreams are the royal road to the unconscious , ” Sigmund Freud wrote in 1899 , over in Vienna , Austria .
The Republicans of Texas do n't have a lot of time for foreigners like Freud and foreign notions like psychoanalysis , although they do believe in therapy , as long as it 's “ reparative. ” Elsewhere on the psychiatric front , they are adamant that “ minor mental-health diagnoses ” are no reason to “ infringe ” anyone 's “ God-given right ” to own and to carry guns . More about the particulars in due course .
The thing is , the Republican Party of Texas has a dream . Lots of dreams : its platform , unveiled last week , has sixteen thousand words ' worth . The road it maps is anything but royal ; these good people , after all , are republicans , albeit with a capital “ R. ” But the document does lead to the G.O.P . 's unconscious , or part of it : its fearsome , rampaging id .
The platform clears its throat with a preamble . “ We STILL hold these truths to be self-evident , ” it begins , with defensive all-caps truculence . Then comes an eleven-point statement of principles . Here 's principle No . 1 :
Strict adherence to the original intent of the Declaration of Independence and United States and Texas Constitutions .
And here 's No . 11 :
And we believe in “ The laws of nature and nature 's God ” as our Founding Fathers believed .
There 's juicier stuff ahead , but let 's linger on these for a moment .
On No . 1 : When it comes to the Constitution , “ original intent ” is standard right-wing shorthand for “ whatever Scalia says goes. ” But how are we supposed to adhere to the original intent of the Declaration of Independence , whose insurrectionary provenance we 'll be reminded of regularly this week ? By remaining ever vigilant against the iniquities of the British Crown and its allies , whom the Declaration refers to as “ the merciless Indian savages ” ?
On No . 11 : The attribution to the Founding Fathers papers over a small problem . “ God ” is nowhere to be found in the Constitution , a failure on the part of those Founders that , for certain ostentatiously pious Christian conservatives , among whom may be counted the authors of the Texas Republican platform , is a persistent embarrassment . The Texas Constitution , which begins by “ humbly invoking the blessings of Almighty God , ” can not fully compensate for this omission .
“ The Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God ” is indeed a phrase found in the Declaration . Now , I may be thinking too much like an editor here , but could it be that the platform 's authors planted the Declaration in their opening principle—even though it makes no sense there—so that they could return to it , and its gratifying mention of God , in their closing one ? Either way , they appear to be unaware that the Founding Fathers ' “ nature 's God ” is a reference , probably a pointed one , to their Deist conception of a strict creator God , a detached deity that does not trouble itself with the outcomes of football games , illnesses , elections , or wars , including culture wars .
But enough theology . Let 's proceed to policy . In the next of its forty pages , the platform demands , among other things ,
• That the Texas Legislature should nullify—indeed , “ ignore , oppose , refuse , and nullify ” —federal laws it does n't like . ( Unmentioned is the fact that , beginning in 1809 , the Supreme Court has steadfastedly rejected state nullification of federal laws . ) • That when it comes to “ unelected bureaucrats ” —i.e. , pretty much the entire federal work force above the janitorial level—Congress should “ defund and abolish these positions. ” • That the Seventeenth Amendment , which was adopted in 1913 , be repealed , so that “ the appointment of United States Senators ” can again be made by state legislators , not by voters . ( Admittedly , the Texas Legislature could hardly do worse . ) • That all federal “ enforcement activities ” within the borders of Texas—including , presumably , the activities of F.B.I . agents , Justice Department prosecutors , air marshals , immigration officers , agricultural inspectors , and tax auditors— “ must be conducted under the auspices of the county sheriff with jurisdiction in that county . ”
This section of the platform , “ Preserving American Freedom , ” also features a syllogism :
Socialism breeds mediocrity . America is exceptional . Therefore , the Republican Party of Texas opposes socialism in all of its forms .
“ Mediocrity ” is not the first quality that springs to mind when one thinks of places like Denmark , the Netherlands , and the Federal Republic of Germany , to name three contemporary exemplars of what Texas Republicans abhor as “ socialism. ” But let that pass . Accepting the major and minor premises as true , would n't the conclusion have to be , “ Therefore , since America is exceptional , socialism in America would not breed mediocrity ” ?
Here is another syllogism of sorts , with the usual three-part structure , assembled by me . From page 6 :
We oppose the Census Bureau obtaining data beyond the number of people residing in a dwelling , and we oppose statistical sampling adjustments .
From page 11 :
We oppose any identification of citizens by race , origin , or creed and oppose use of any such identification for purposes of creating voting districts .
Also from page 11 :
We urge that the Voter Rights Act of 1965 , codified and updated in 1973 , be repealed and not reauthorized .
I 'm not sure which is the major premise and which the minor , but the real conclusion , though implicit , is obvious : as far as humanly possible , people of color should be prevented from achieving representation , or even from voting at all .
More highlights :
The pro-choice plank :
We strongly support a woman 's right to choose to devote their life to their family and children .
The on-the-one-hand plank :
We revere the sanctity of human life and therefore oppose genocide , euthanasia , and assisted suicide .
The on-the-other-hand plank :
Properly applied capital punishment is legitimate , is an effective deterrent , and should be swift and unencumbered .
Another on-the-one-hand plank :
We strongly oppose any constitutional convention to rewrite the United States Constitution .
Another on-the-other-hand plank :
We urge the Texas State Legislators to take the lead in calling for an Article V Amending Convention of States , for the specific purpose of reigning in the power of the federal government .
The Carole King-Aretha Franklin plank :
We support the definition of marriage as a God-ordained , legal and moral commitment only between a natural man and a natural woman .
And , for good measure :
We oppose the recognition of and granting of benefits to people who represent themselves as domestic partners without being legally married .
The Republicans of Texas are preoccupied with sex and its consequences , intended and unintended alike . Naturally , they devote hundreds of words to ideas for restricting access to abortion—pending the achievement of “ our final goal of total constitutional rights for the unborn child ” —and contraception . And their views regarding their gay fellow-citizens ? Do n't ask :
Homosexuality is a chosen behavior that is contrary to the fundamental unchanging truths that have been ordained by God in the Bible , recognized by our nation 's founders , and shared by the majority of Texans . Homosexuality must not be presented as an acceptable alternative lifestyle , in public policy , nor should family be redefined to include homosexual couples . We believe there should be no granting of special legal entitlements or creation of special status for homosexual behavior , regardless of state of origin .
Furthermore :
We recognize the legitimacy and efficacy of counseling , which offers reparative therapy and treatment for those patients seeking healing and wholeness from their homosexual lifestyle . No laws or executive orders shall be imposed to limit or restrict access to this type of therapy .
Gays are here to stay , even in Texas , but there are plenty of things that Texas Republicans plan to do away with entirely—or , to use their preferred word , things they would subject to “ abolishment. ” ( For Calhoun conservatives , I suppose , “ abolition ” has regrettable overtones . ) A partial list :
• Personal-income taxes • Property taxes •Estate taxes • Capital-gains taxes • Franchise and business-income taxes • The gift tax • Minimum-wage laws • Social Security ( “ We support an immediate and orderly transition to a system of private pensions ” ) • The Environmental Protection Agency •The Department of Education and all its functions • “ Unelected bureaucrats ” • “ Any and all federal agencies not based on an enumerated power granted by the United States Federal Constitution ” • Congressional pensions • Supreme Court jurisdiction in cases involving abortion , religious freedom , and the Bill of Rights • The Federal Reserve • “ Foreign aid , except in cases of national defense or catastrophic disasters , with Congressional approval ” • Obamacare ( but you knew that already )
Things that the Texas Republicans support :
• Withdrawal from the United Nations , the International Monetary Fund , the World Trade Organization , and the World Bank • “ Traditional methods of discipline , including corporal punishment ” • “ Reducing taxpayer funding to all levels of education institutions. ” • Returning to “ the time-tested precious metal standard for the United States dollar . ”
The Texas Republican take on Israel :
Our policy is inspired by God 's biblical promise to bless those who bless Israel and curse those who curse Israel and we further invite other nations and organizations to enjoy the benefits of that promise .
On climate change :
While we all strive to be good flight attendants of the earth , “ climate change ” is a political agenda which attempts to control every aspect of our lives . We urge government at all levels to ignore any plea for money to fund global climate change or “ climate justice ” initiatives .
On immunizations :
All adult citizens should have the legal right to conscientiously choose which vaccines are administered to themselves , or their minor children , without penalty for refusing a vaccine . We oppose any effort by any authority to mandate such vaccines .
And so we come to guns .
In the opinion of the Republican Party of Texas , as set forth in its platform , the Second Amendment flatly decrees that “ no level of government shall regulate either the ownership or possession of firearms. ” No level , no regulation : the somewhat mentally ill , therefore , are not the only dubious characters whose right to assemble private arsenals the Amendment guarantees . Psychotics , sociopaths , the terroristically inclined , and violent criminals out on bail or parole are similarly privileged . ( However , “ disenfranchisement of convicted felons ” is O.K . )
Perhaps the Texas Republicans do n't really mean what they say . Perhaps there 's just something about guns that overstimulates them . Consider this outburst :
All federal acts , laws , executive orders , and court orders which restrict or infringe on the people 's right to keep and bear arms shall be invalid in Texas , not be recognized by Texas , shall be specifically rejected by Texas , and shall be considered null and void and of no effect in Texas .
There 's more—much more—where all this comes from . No doubt you will have your own favorites . I 've only scratched the surface .
I am aware that American party platforms are not like the manifestoes of European parliamentary parties . They do not commit anyone to anything . It is considered impolite to hold actual candidates for office accountable for them . They are generally read only by specialists , masochists , and political opponents in search of cheap thrills and easy gotchas , such as , some might say , your correspondent .
I 'm also aware that the unconscious of the Texas Republican Party is n't all id . Like everybody else , it has an ego , too , and there 's probably a superego in there somewhere . Besides , most everything Texan tends to be exaggerated . But if you want a glimpse of what a nontrivial and apparently growing segment of one of America 's two great political parties believes in its heart of hearts , and what it says when it is essentially talking to itself—well , you 've just been given one .
Above : A delegate wears a decorated hat during the Texas Republican Convention at the Fort Worth Convention Center ; Friday , June 6 , 2014 . Photograph by Rodger Mallison/Fort Worth Star-Telegram/MCT/Getty .
Charity scandal : Chief strategist for Save The Children , Brendan Cox , denied allegations against them but left the organisation in September
Another children 's charity was rocked last night after a senior executive at Save The Children resigned over allegations of ‘ inappropriate behaviour ' .
Chief strategist Brendan Cox denied allegations against them but left in September . The charity 's £160,000-a-year chief executive Justin Forsyth has also resigned for unconnected reasons .
Both were senior advisers to former Prime Minister Gordon Brown . Mr Cox 's wife , Jo , is a Labour MP and former aide to Mr Brown 's wife Sarah . Mrs Cox also runs the Labour Women 's Network where they are ‘ equalities and discrimination ' adviser .
Mr Cox , Save The Children 's director of policy and advocacy , left in September after complaints against them by women members of staff . A well-placed source said Mr Cox strenuously denied any wrongdoing but agreed to leave their post .
The source denied Mr Forsyth had quit due to the dispute involving Mr Cox – but said it had ‘ hurt him ' . The charity investigated claims that Mr Forsyth failed to act firmly against Mr Cox but found no evidence to support the charge , the source added .
An insider said : ‘ Some people were unhappy there was no proper internal investigation into the allegations . Brendan packed their bags and left suddenly . '
One individual who has worked with Save The Children said : ‘ Several of the women complained about inappropriate behaviour by Brendan . When the charity did nothing about it they threatened to make a huge fuss . Shortly afterwards it was announced that Brendan was leaving . Then we heard Justin was going as well . '
In a resignation letter to staff , Mr Forsyth said they were leaving after having discussed the matter with charity chairperson , Sir Alan Parker , head of public relations giant Brunswick .
Mr Forsyth said they did not yet have a new job to go to , adding : ‘ I hope to take a short breather before undertaking the next step of my career .
‘ I have a few exciting irons in the fire that are too early to talk about . '
The arrival of ambitious Mr Forsyth and Mr Cox , both fervent Labour supporters , at Save The Children after Mr Brown lost the 2010 Election led to a major change in the charity .
Second resignation : The charity 's £160,000-a-year chief executive Justin Forsyth has also resigned for unconnected reasons
Mr Forsyth was branded one of a new breed of charity ‘ fat cats ' with a £160,000 salary , expenses of £3,000 a year and £11,000 for their pension pot . Backed by Mr Cox , Mr Forsyth ordered a highly emotive multi-million pound TV advertising blitz . The ‘ It Should n't Happen Here ' campaign claimed 1.6 million British children were growing up in ‘ severe poverty ' . Tory MPs said it was a ‘ crude political campaign against Government cuts . '
Asked about the allegations from female staff of inappropriate behaviour by him , Mr Cox said last night : ‘ These rumours are untrue . '
When this newspaper asked the charity last month about Mr Cox 's departure , a spokesperson said : ‘ We never comment in any circumstances on individual members of staff past or present . '
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China will revisit in 2018 the standards for vehicle-to-vehicle communication that are vital for driverless cars and lay out a common national standard after that , the chief of the Society of Automotive Engineers of China ( SAE-China ) said on Wednesday .
A worker rides a bike past a driverless vehicle at Vanke 's Building Research Centre testing area in Dongguan , south China 's Guangdong province November 2 , 2015 . REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
China 's aim to establish a national standard could speed the implementation of driverless cars in the world 's biggest auto market , contrasting with a patchwork of state laws and standards in the United States that some in the industry say could hold back development .
Earlier this year , SAE-China - under the direction of China 's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology ( MIIT ) and with input from every major Chinese automaker - set out to interpret vague directives for the automotive industry in sweeping 13th Five-Year Plan and “ Made in China 2025 ” policy .
The resulting 450-page roadmap , issued in October , lays out specific policy objectives for virtually every aspect of the automotive industry , including driverless vehicles and electric cars , for three five-year periods to 2030 .
The document , however , stopped short of establishing a unified standard for cars to communicate with each other ( V2V ) and surrounding infrastructure ( V2I ) , both of which are crucial for autonomous vehicles to be successful .
China will “ lay the foundation ” for V2V and V2I standards in 2018 in the next update of the roadmap , with a more exact standard to be developed between 2020 and 2025 and agreed to by all automotive brands , SAE-China Chief Fu Yuwu said .
China 's method of central unified planning could prove to be more effective than countries like Japan , which is struggling to make its big three automakers agree on standards , they said .
“ You ca n't fundamentally use different channels ( of communication ) right ? So in the end we need a unification process , ” Fu told Reuters . “ This will be complicated and difficult but is in the best interests of the industry . ”
On MIIT 's announcement about tightening a subsidy program for green energy cars , Fu said the move would not get in the way of meeting targets of at least 7 percent of cars sold being electric and plug-in hybrids by 2020 .
By the end of the decade , aggressive average fuel economy requirements of 5 liters per 100 kilometers will set in , while subsidies will be phased out , a standard that will be impossible to meet without green energy cars , they said .
“ Rolling them ( subsides ) back is important because you ca n't rely on policy supports forever , ” Fu added .
Share Pinterest
Email
Some northeastern commuters can boast of traveling through three states each morning on the way to work ; Audi was able to best them all by traveling through 14 countries in an unmodified Audi A6 2.0 TDI ultra diesel sedan without refueling , setting a Guinness World Record in the process .
This feat , which saw the diesel car cover 1,158.9 miles , required racing driver and TV presenter Rebecca Jackson and automotive journalist Andrew Frankel to travel almost non-stop for 28 hours . The duo departed the Netherlands and drove through Belgium , Luxembourg , France , Switzerland , Liechtenstein , Austria , Germany , Italy , Slovenia , Croatia , Bosnia and Serbia , ending in Hungary . The trip began on June 9 in Maastricht , Netherlands , and some 28 hours later the Audi entered Hungary , arriving just a little past noon on June 10 .
How good was the sedan 's fuel economy ?
`` By covering so much of Europe on a single fill-up , we have proven that real-world economy of almost 76 mpg or more can be had from the latest engine technology , '' Jon Zammett , Head of Audi UK Public Relations commented after the end of the run .
76 mpg U.K. works out to approximately 63 mpg U.S. , which is still well north of the A6 's combined rating of 55.8 mpg U.S .
Frankel and Jackson pose after the end of the trip . Photo by Audi
It was n't all smooth sailing on the autoroutes : The team faced heavy traffic and a tunnel closure , which required a detour through the mountains , costing some fuel economy . Basic hypermiling tactics ruled the day .
`` Despite sharing the driving , we were on the road almost continuously for 28 hours , focused on maintaining an average speed of around 50 mph , '' Frankel said after the trip . `` In order to do this , you have to be fully aware of what 's going on around you and anticipate what could happen with the traffic ahead . While it was normal driving in one sense , it was also a very different type of driving , but nevertheless demanding . ''
New York Auto Show Diesel-powered Audi A3 Sportback TDI coming to America in 2015 The Audi A3 family has another America-bound variant : the automaker announced at the New York auto show that a diesel-powered Audi A3 Sportback TDI will go on sale here in 2015 . Previously , we were ...
The A6 2.0 TDI is not available stateside even though Audi offers a handful of other diesel models in the States starting with the A3 2.0 TDI -- a bit of a drop in size . The latter returns 31 mpg city and 43 mpg highway , for a combined 36 mpg in what is a much lighter package , albeit with a smaller diesel tank .
Still , we wonder just how many small , northeastern states and Canadian provinces the A3 2.0 TDI can dip into on a single tank . That 'll be an apt test for the car on this continent .
When it comes to the Toronto Maple Leafs you can fixate on the blown third-period leads and opportunities lost , or you can look at this season for what it 's actually been : A three-month stretch where they 've measurably transformed themselves into a playoff team .
Just because the train arrived ahead of schedule does n't change the fact that it 's here now .
The Leafs woke up on Wednesday morning with the eighth-best points percentage in the Eastern Conference—an important piece of context given how much a compressed schedule and the bye weeks have skewed the number of games played by each team .
There is nothing to suggest that Mike Babcock 's group has reached this point by fluke . They remain on the positive side of the ledger in even-strength shot attempts , a shade ahead of teams like the Chicago Blackhawks and Tampa Bay Lightning , and are an offensive juggernaut in a goal-starved league : Sitting second in shots per game , fifth in goals per game and second in amount of time spent leading .
That last metric is an important one , particularly in the wake of Tuesday 's 6–5 overtime loss to the Washington Capitals . It featured another inglorious third period—with Toronto twice squandering leads before leaving Alex Ovechkin wide open for the 3-on-3 dagger—and that 's fueled more talk about a “ concerning trend ” for an organization still just half a year removed from a 30th-place finish .
But what 's really more telling here ?
The fact Toronto has been ahead in games more often than any NHL team except Columbus—winners of 16 straight and counting ! —or the fact they 've managed to convert only 13 of 20 second-intermission leads into victories so far .
I 'll take the former and it 's not particularly close . Your odds of long-term success are significantly better with a team that repeatedly puts itself in position to win .
And so with the season now approaching its midway point , the playoff chase is on . The Leafs are a good bet to get there .
Babcock has started managing their roster with an eye on qualifying , and he 's established an internal system of rolling five-game segments to help their players keep a micro view of what they need to do to accomplish that goal .
“ What happens is your team gets better and better . The competitive people get better and better and the non-competitive people have got to find someplace else to play , ” Babcock said recently . “ That 's just what happens in the good programs . We 're finding players every day as we watch them grow , and we have aspirations to be a really good team in the National Hockey League ; one that in the summer you know you 're going to make the playoffs .
“ That 's not where we 're at right now , but we 're a work in progress . We like the direction we 're going . ”
As it stands now , they 're on pace to finish with 93 points—a 24-point improvement—and score 52 more goals than they did last season . Some models predict they 'll do even better than that .
While the Leafs expected better results after plugging more talent into Babcock 's system , they could n't be sure Year 2 under the head coach would trend upwards so dramatically .
The last month , in particular , has put them on the radar of rival teams and it 's come with Babcock leaning more heavily on their young players . Auston Matthews is now being deployed as a first-line centre and continues to produce like a superstar—on pace for an unthinkable 44-goal , 75-point rookie season .
“ He 's got a skillset that allows them to do things that a lot of other people ca n't do , ” said teammate Morgan Rielly . “ But on top of that he 's got a good brain , they work hard and he 's been playing with good teammates… . We have lots of faith that it 's going to continue to roll the way it is . ”
Matthews also acts as an umbrella for everyone else—shielding some of the focus away from fellow rookies Mitch Marner and William Nylander , who are both on pace to comfortably eclipse 50 points . No Leaf hit that mark a year ago .
Absent a crystal ball to tell us if the team will continue to enjoy good health in the second half , there 's little to suggest the Leafs wo n't be part of the battle for the second or third spot in the so-so Atlantic Division . Or , failing that , a wild-card position .
Frederik Andersen still sports a stout .920 save percentage after allowing 10 goals the last two games and some of the team 's early blue-line concerns appear to have been overstated .
If anything , a young group seems to be finding its stride . Following a win over Detroit in the Centennial Classic last weekend , Rielly referred to the Leafs dressing room as the closest-knit one he 's ever been part of .
“ If you 're a guy like ( Morgan ) , you arrive here and everybody is leaving all the time , ” said Babcock . “ [ The players we have now ] are n't leaving ; they 're staying , and they 're going to stay for a long time and be a real good team . Now , it 's going to take us some time to get there . It 's going to take us time .
“ Obviously , we 're not deep enough and not good enough , but we 're going to get there . ”
Based on what we 've seen so far , it could be a lot sooner than once expected .
Luminita Saviuc , Purpose Fairy
There are so many limiting and toxic beliefs we hold on to , beliefs that keep us from living the happy , joyful and meaningful life we all deserve to live . And by giving up on them , by letting go of all the extra baggage that is weighting us down , we allow ourselves to be happy . And we give life permission to shower us with the many wonderful and precious gifts it has to offer . So without further adieu , I say , give up and be happy . Let 's begin…
Give up this limiting and toxic belief of you not being enough – “ good enough ” , “ smart enough ” , “ rich enough : , “ beautiful enough ” , etc . Remind yourself as often as possible that who you are is more than enough .
Place your hands over your heart , take a few cleansing breaths and repeat these words to yourself : “ Who I am is enough . Who I am is more than enough . Not because of how my life looks externally , but because of who I truly am internally . ”
2 . I 've lost my purpose in life
Your purpose is n't something that you will ever lose since your purpose is part of who you are . Your purpose is in your heart , is within you . And as long as you will be still breathing and still living on this planet , your purpose will be living as well . So stop looking looking for your purpose out there and look for it within instead . Because that 's where you 'll find your purpose . Your purpose is where you left it .
3 . Better to be one of the herd than to be called a “ weirdo ”
Give up the toxic belief about you having to be like everyone else , and dare to be authentically yourself . Be a first rate version of yourself and not a second rate version of someone else . Instead of going where everyone is going , and doing what everyone else is doing , choose to do what you know in your heart is best for you . Go where your Soul needs you to go , and not where the herd expects you to go .
Give up all your masks and costumes . Tear down all the walls you have built to hide and numb yourself . Remove all the barriers between you and everyone else and allow yourself to be fully seen . Reveal yourself to those around you and allow yourself to be truly loved . Get comfortable with your perfect imperfections and never deny your vulnerability .
5 . I lack the necessary formal education
Give up this limiting and toxic belief about you not being able to move forward in life because you lack the necessary formal education . Never allow the absence of a high-school , college or university degree to keep you from pursuing your dreams . If you are truly passionate about something , and if your know in your heart that you 're meant to do that work , with or without a degree , you 'll find a way to make it happen .
“ Nothing is impossible , the word itself says ‘ I 'm possible ' ! ” ~ Audrey Hepburn
6 . I ca n't be happy until I get there
How many people postpone their happiness because they wait for something magical to happen to them ? Happiness is not a destination , happiness is a journey . So give up this idea about happiness being somewhere in the future . Give up this idea about you not being able to be happy until you reach a certain destination , or until you cross all the things off your to-do list , and learn to be happy here and now .
“ Many people think that if they were only in some other place , or had some other job , they would be happy . Well , that is doubtful . So get as much happiness out of what you are doing as you can and do n't put off being happy until some future date. ” ~ Dale Carnegie
7 . Life is hard , oh , so hard
Give up this limiting belief about life being hard , cruel and hostile , and instead embrace life as it is . Trust in the wisdom of life . Trust that maybe life knows a lot more than you do . Look beyond the surface . Seek to learn from every experience life sends your way , and trust that life will always give you the experience that 's most helpful for the evolution of your consciousness .
“ Life will give you whatever experience is most helpful for the evolution of your consciousness . How do you know this is the experience you need ? Because this is the experience you are having at the moment. ” ~ Eckhart Tolle
8 . My parents are to blame for everything
Give up this idea that your parents are to blame for everything that has gone wrong in your life . Stop giving your power away to forces outside of you and learn to take responsibility for your life .
“ There is an expiry date on blaming your parents for steering you in the wrong direction ; the moment you are old enough to take the wheel , responsibility lies with you. ” ~ J.K. Rowling
9 . I do n't need anyone to help me , I can do it all by myself
Give up this limiting and toxic belief about how asking for help and opening yourself up to receiving other people 's help and assistance is a sign of weakness , something only weak people do . Drop your “ I do n't need anyone to help me . I 'm a strong and independent person , I can do it all by myself ” attitude and learn to graciously ask for , and receive help . Not because you ca n't do it on your own , but because you are wise enough to understand that asking for help is one of the bravest and most courageous things a strong and independent person can do .
“ One of the greatest barriers to connection is the cultural importance we place on ‘ going it alone . ' Somehow we 've come to equate success with not needing anyone . Many of us are willing to extend a helping hand , but we 're very reluctant to reach out for help when we need it ourselves . It 's as if we 've divided the world into ‘ those who offer help ' and ‘ those who need help . ' ” The truth is that we are both. ” ~ Brené Brown
10 . Love is too painful , I 'm done with it
Love does n't hurt , expectations do . So give up the idea that love hurts and that you 're better off without it . Nobody 's better off without love , and deep down inside you know this to be true . We are all made of love and made to love . Love is n't something you can ever give up on , since love is life and life is love . And if you give up on love , you give up on life .
11 . I ca n't be happy unless I 'm in a relationship
Never make your happiness dependent on another person . Never use the absence of a relationship as a justification for why you ca n't be happy here and now . Give up this toxic and limiting belief and learn to be happy no matter what… with or without a romantic partner .
“ Happiness comes from within . It is not dependent on external things or on other people . You become vulnerable and can be easily hurt when your feelings of security and happiness depend on the behavior and actions of other people . Never give your power to anyone else. ” ~ Brian L. Weiss
12 . It 's too late for me to pursue my dreams
It 's never too late to reignite your passion for work , for life and for love . It 's never too late to set a new intention and dream another dream . So give up the idea of you being too old to do the things your ageless soul wants you to do , and dare to honor your inner truth . Always remember that age is nothing but “ an issue of mind over matter . If you do n't mind , it does n't matter. ” ~ Mark Twain
13 . I will never be a fully functioning person , not after all that I 've been through
Give up the toxic belief that you and your past are one ; give up the limiting belief that the story of your past has to be the story of your life . Be an alchemist . Look for ways to turn your wounds into wisdom and your difficulties into opportunities . Make your life story worth telling , and never allow your history keep you from creating your own destiny .
“ It 's being here now that 's important . There 's no past and there 's no future . Time is a very misleading thing . All there is ever , is the now . We can gain experience from the past , but we ca n't relive it ; and we can hope for the future , but we do n't know if there is one. ” ~ George Harrison
14 . I ca n't trust anyone , not even myself
Give up this limiting and toxic belief that you ca n't be trusted , that the people around you ca n't be trusted , and that life itself ca n't be trusted . We all make mistakes , none of us is perfect , but that does n't mean we can no longer trust in one another . That does n't mean that you yourself ca n't trust yourself and that life itself ca n't be trusted . Always remember that trust is the glue of life . It 's the glue that that holds us all together . And where there is no trust , there is no life .
15 . I 'm all alone
Give up this limiting and toxic belief of you being all alone . You are never alone . You never were and you never will be . In a world full of people , you will never be all alone , unless you choose to think otherwise .
“ I am never alone wherever I am . The air itself supplies me with a century of love . When I breathe in , I am breathing in the laughter , tears , victories , passions , thoughts , memories , existence , joys , moments , and the hues of the sunlight on many tones of skin ; I am breathing in the same air that was exhaled by many before me . The air that bore them life . And so how can I ever say that I am alone ? ” ~ C. JoyBell C .
P.S . Because of the many years of past conditioning and the intense training of holding onto things , giving up these toxic and limiting beliefs wo n't happen over night , and that 's okay . Be patient and gentle with yourself while working on this process and remember to take one step at a time .
With all my love ,
Facebook today revealed that the Indian government had asked for access to information of 4,144 users of the social network in the first half of 2013 . India sent 3,245 requests to Facebook during the period , making it the second largest country in terms of requests for information after the United States . Facebook complied with 50 percent of the requests , according to data released by the company in its first ever Global Governments Request Report .
“ As we have made clear in recent weeks , we have stringent processes in place to handle all government data requests . We believe this process protects the data of the people who use our service , and requires governments to meet a very high legal bar with each individual request in order to receive any information about any of our users , ” Colin Stretch , Facebook General Counsel explained in a statement . “ We scrutinize each request for legal sufficiency under our terms and the strict letter of the law , and require a detailed description of the legal and factual bases for each request . We fight many of these requests , pushing back when we find legal deficiencies and narrowing the scope of overly broad or vague requests . When we are required to comply with a particular request , we frequently share only basic user information , such as name , ” they added .
According to the statistics released by Facebook , 74 countries requested information on 37,954 users with the United States topping the list with request for information related to over 21,000 accounts . Facebook says it will continue to release such transparency reports , which have become crucial for users after news emerged that the NSA was covertly accessing online data on people via companies like Facebook , Google , Microsoft and others via its PRISM program .
“ We believe that while governments have an important responsibility to keep people safe , it is possible to do so while also being transparent . Government transparency and public safety are not mutually exclusive ideals . Each can exist simultaneously in free and open societies , and they help make us stronger , ” Stretch added .
The trend of the United States and India topping the charts for user requests does not come as a surprise considering that was the case when Google announced its transparency report in January this year . According to Google , India had requested for information 2,431 times related to 4,106 users and 66 percent of the requests led to information being produced by Google .
However , the friction between governments and online services like Google , Facebook and Twitter among others is only expected to increase in the coming times as they become an integral part of daily lives of online citizens . There are over 82 million users on Facebook from India . The Delhi High Court directed Google and Facebook last week to display on their websites the name and contact details of their grievance officers .
“ We direct Google Inc and Facebook Inc to display the name of grievance officer on their respective sites . We also direct other intermediaries that the compliance ( of the rules ) be done in two weeks , ” the court said . “ Just because you are a foreign company , you can not flout the law . Like us , you are bound by the rule of law of this country , ” the court added , also asking the central government to take steps to ensure that the social networking sites comply with the rules .
Let 's give Bertha the credit they ( and all of the humans involved ) deserve while they are taking a break since December 21 , a well deserved break .
This time last year , Bertha was in their repair vault . After running into a bit of a bother with a pipe that necessitated digging down to the digging machine , the tunneler was finally ready to go . Them troubles made national news . People dreamed up schemes for what to put in the tunnel if the project was abandoned .
Getting started again was n't easy . Problems with a barge , and then a troubling sinkhole provided more fodder for people making fun of the project . Stop work orders and suspensions were n't so funny . Overruns exceeding $ 200M definitely were n't and are n't funny .
Now , Bertha is past the deepest point , has completed over 70 % of the digging , and has less than 2,500 feet to go before reaching the exit pit near Seattle Center . In 2016 , they traveled over a mile , 5,700 feet . She 's still down there , 160 feet beneath Third Avenue . She 's been tunneling through the remains of Denny Hill , the land created when Seattle leveled a hill is now getting a hole cored through it . ( Feel sorry for that tortured dirt . )
With 6,787 of 9,270 feet complete , the end is near , but not assumed or trivialized . It 's tough work in a tough environment . If all goes well , she 'll complete the tunneling in 2017 and we 'll get to drive through it in 2019 .
The next time you contemplate a long commute , consider Bertha 's : from Pioneer Square in July 2013 to Seattle Center in 2017 ( hopefully ) . Let 's see , that would be 6.5 feet per day and just about 0.00005 miles per hour . Talk about patience . Congratulations on that , too .
For updates , check out WSDOT 's page , or follow @ BerthaDigsSR99 on Twitter .
At a late-night emergency meeting , President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono ordered disaster officials to `` immediately mobilise all the country 's resources '' to extinguish the fires on Sumatra island that have created vast palls of smoke .
Singapore 's worst environmental crisis in more than a decade has seen the acrid smoke creep into people 's flats and cloak residential blocks as well as downtown skyscrapers , and the island 's prime minister has warned it could last weeks .
A satellite image showing smoke from forest fires in Sumatra blown eastwards towards southern Malaysia and Singapore ( Nasa/Reuters )
Indonesia 's national disaster agency said that two helicopters with cloud-seeding equipment were sent early Friday from Jakarta and Borneo island to Riau province , where hundreds of hectares of carbon-rich peatland are ablaze .
`` Hopefully , we will be able to create artificial rain today , '' said agency spokesperson Sutopo Purwo Nugroho .
They also said water-bombing helicopters could be dispatched , although gave no timeframe . Firefighters on the ground have struggled to put out the blazes , which are burning under the surface of the peat .
Firefighters tackling blazes in Bengkalis district , the worst hit area , were `` overwhelmed '' and unable to cope , Ahmad Saerozi , the head of the natural resources conservation agency in the province , told AFP .
`` We have been fighting fires 24 hours a day for two weeks , '' they said , adding that aircraft must `` drop water as soon as possible . We ca n't do this alone '' .
As Indonesia stepped up its fire-fighting efforts , Singapore 's smog index hit the critical 400 level , making it potentially life-threatening to the ill and elderly people , according to a government monitoring site .
The all-time record level was reached at 11:00 am ( 0300 GMT ) on Friday after a rapid rise in the Pollutant Standards Index ( PSI ) . It fell back to 360 in the afternoon .
According to Singapore government guidelines , sustained PSI average levels above 400 on a 24-hour basis `` may be life-threatening to ill and elderly persons '' .
Before the latest crisis which erupted on Monday , the previous Singapore air pollutant index high was 226 , recorded in September 1997 .
That episode cost the Southeast Asian region billions of dollars and also resulted from vast amounts of haze from Indonesia , where slash-and-burn farming generates heavy smoke during the dry season that begins in June .
Parts of Malaysia close to Singapore have also been severely affected by the smog this week .
The haze crisis has had a dramatic impact on life in Singapore , with the city-state 's residents scaling back their activities in a bid to protect themselves .
Fast-food deliveries have been cancelled , the army has suspended field training and even Singapore 's top marathon runner has been forced to run indoors .
Hunched commuters are wearing masks or cover their mouths as they travel to and from home , with major drug stores telling AFP they have temporarily run out of masks and can not accept advance orders .
Vivian Balakrishnan , Singapore 's minister for the environment and water resources , who has demanded `` definitive action '' from Indonesia to stop the haze , was due to meet their Indonesian counterpart in Jakarta later Friday .
The haze crisis has caused tensions to escalate dramatically between tiny Singapore and its vast neighbour , with the city-state repeatedly demanding that Jakarta step up its efforts to put out the fires .
However , Indonesian officials have become irate at the demands , and on Thursday the minister coordinating Jakarta 's response to the crisis accused Singapore of acting `` like a child '' .
In the wake of the latest cycling death in London , the head of Transport for London 's Surface Transport , Leon Daniels , told BBC News
I think it 's very important we do n't have too much of a knee jerk reaction . Of course , as I said , one cycling death is one too many , but the circumstances for these accidents take a while to come through while all the investigations take place . And I 'm sure there 's a whole range of measures that , over time , we will be taking in order to try and ensure cycle safety .
The problem here is that this is n't just ‘ one cycling death ' . This is just the latest in a long line of deaths and serious injuries involving people riding bikes in London , deaths and injuries that are increasing in frequency .
To say we should n't have a ‘ knee jerk reaction ' rests on an assumption that the death on Monday was a one-off – something unique and remarkable – when in fact it was sadly predictable . This is why protest rides are occurring now , and have been occurring for some time ( protest rides like those on Blackfriars Bridge , and the Tour du Danger ) . People have been stating for many years now that riding a bike in London carries an unacceptable level of risk . This is to say nothing of the people who wo n't even go near a bike in London because the roads are terrifying ; the simple fact is that cycling in London is objectively dangerous , as well as subjectively so .
The implication of Leon Daniels ' comment is that we should wait for all the facts to come in , and once the facts are established , then presumably we 'll find out that the lorry driver or the cyclist did something wrong ; that the driver was going too fast , that the cyclist moved unpredictably , or that one or the other failed to spot the other party . And then we can just carry on as before , without changing anything . Maybe there will be another ‘ awareness campaign ' , or some trixi mirrors , but that will be it .
Well , this is n't good enough , I 'm afraid . We can not continue to hold the people driving and riding on the streets of London solely responsible for deaths and injuries , when they are travelling on designs that expect bike users to move across multiple lanes of traffic travelling at 30 mph or more ; designs that mix people on bikes with vehicles that can kill them if their operators make mistakes . This is so obviously a contributing factor to deaths and serious injury we simply can not continue to duck it .
Just last weekend a 90-year-old man died on a road near where I live ; they were using a footpath that crosses a 70 mph dual carriageway . I took a picture of this footpath last year , remarking in a blogpost about how dangerous it is .
I think it would be callous to blame the man who died , or the driver who hit him , for this tragedy . The issue here is the design of a footpath that expects people to dash across multiple lanes of traffic bearing down on them at high speed . It is entirely unreasonable to expect elderly people – or indeed anyone – to cross this kind of road on foot . The element of risk and danger is unacceptably high .
In precisely the same way , I think it is entirely unreasonable to expect people on bikes to manoeuvre their way across multiple lanes of motor traffic .
If drivers or people on bikes make errors of judgement , the person on the bike will be seriously injured or killed . There is no slack at all in roads that are designed like this ; the margin for error is minimal . ( I wo n't even focus here on how these roads are exclusionary , and only suitable for a small subsection of the London population to use by bike ) . It is completely unacceptable , purely on safety grounds alone .
Leon Daniels can not pretend this is n't a problem , but , on past form , they seem extraordinarily unwilling to make changes to London 's roads that will make them safe and comfortable for people riding bikes .
In response to complaints about the abysmal design of the northern junction on Blackfriars Bridge – the design that sparked multiple protests in 2011 – they wrote
Where possible TfL look to widen cycle lanes to two metres , as proposed for the initial section of the northbound cycle lane , however , the constraints of the highway coupled with our duty to maintain a smooth traffic flow in this location have prevented us from widening all cycle lanes throughout the junction .
That is , TfL could n't even manage more than 1.3-1.5m wide cycle lanes due to ‘ the constraints of the highway ' and the familiar ‘ smoothing traffic flow ' . This in a location where bikes make up 43 % of vehicular traffic at peak times .
There are no ‘ constraints ' on such an enormously wide stretch of road , beyond a refusal to take cycling seriously as a mode of transport .
Later in 2011 Daniels was asked about minimum design standards for Cycle Superhighways at a GLA Transport Committee – indeed , specifically about minimum widths recommended by that same Committee . They responded
[ There are ] loads of lessons to learn from the initial cycle superhighway not just in respect of the superhighway schemes themselves but also the way in which the construction is done and the disruption to general traffic and so on . In just about every case we are looking to – this is a big compromise because , at the end of the day , the carriageway space is fixed and therefore we are trying to squeeze a quart into a pint pot . [ my emphasis ]
I agree entirely with you about minimum widths and so on . Just in some places , on the ground , practically , we are faced with what we have to do . In many cases – and Members will know some of these – there is a requirement for a certain footway width , the frontages need some space , there are requirements for loading and unloading , we need to keep ordinary traffic moving as well and , therefore , in many cases , we are shoehorning this into a narrow space . I agree entirely with you that a minimum width for cyclists is desirable but , again in many cases , we are stuck with what we can do practically and cost effectively .
The overriding impression from these comments – and from those regarding Blackfriars – is that cycling has to fit in around the margins ; that motor traffic has to keep flowing in exactly the same volume as before , and it is cycling that has to give way . Sure , if we can fit in a cycle lane here or there without reducing motor traffic capacity , we 'll do it , but otherwise – tough luck . ‘ The carriageway space is fixed ' , and all that .
But the ‘ physical constraint ' argument is absurd . Space can be created for cycling on any street , of any width . The issue is one of priorities , and it seems that Leon Daniels does n't think that cycling is a particularly high priority . Their latest comments certainly do not give the impression of movement , even following the publication of the Mayor 's Vision for Cycling .
At the moment we have streets designed for fitting as many motor vehicles as possible through them , like High Holborn , where a man died on Monday . Leon Daniels ' ‘ pint pot ' is entirely full of motor traffic ; the only reason there can be any struggle fitting in cycling here is a refusal to reallocate some of that pint .
And , like Blackfriars , it 's not as if cycling is a marginal mode of transport here either . Just to the east , on Theobalds Road , bicycles make up 64 % of vehicular traffic between 7am and 10am , despite the fairly appalling conditions . Doubtless on High Holborn – the continuation of that route into the west end – cycling still forms a significant portion of vehicular traffic . But it is completely ignored as a mode of transport .
Space can and should be reallocated for cycling on these kinds of roads , not just because it is already a significant mode of transport in its own right , but because the current arrangements are objectively and subjectively dangerous . They put users at unnecessary risk , and discourage anyone else from riding .
When private motor traffic is such a minority mode of transport on so many roads in central London , why on earth does it get allocated so much space ? Why does it have free rein on nearly every single road ?
The Alternative Department for Transport yesterday came up with an apparently bold proposal for closing Westminster Bridge Road to private motor traffic at peak times , so that the road would like something like this , with bus lanes down the centre –
The amazing thing is that this kind of proposals should be regarded as so extraordinary , when in fact – if we really care about prioritising walking , cycling and public transport – they should be precisely the kind of measures a city like London should be taking . Make private motor traffic go the long way round , and create safe and inviting environments for walking and cycling .
Dutch cities are , of course , different from London , but they have been doing things like this for decades . The busy Potterstraat , in the centre of Utrecht , is a bus- and cycle-only road .
One-way streets for motor vehicles in large Dutch cities are also extraordinarily common , with the space being allocated instead to cycling , and to public transport .
These Dutch roads could be filled with lanes for motor traffic , but decisions were taken about the kind of traffic that should be there , and how it should be treated .
With people on bikes forming such a significant proportion of traffic in central London , even under current conditions , it 's high time that safe , protected space was allocated for cycling as a mode of transport . We already know the circumstances that result in deaths and serious injury on London 's streets – it 's poor design that takes no account of the vulnerability of people on bikes , and puts them at serious risk . To fail to respond to these demands for safety , in the wake of a spate of preventable deaths – to trot out the usual platitudes – would be unthinking , rash and heedless . The very definition of a ‘ knee jerk reaction ' .
The Air Hockey Robot EVO is an automated machine that can play air hockey thanks to an augmented reality ( AR ) system that works through your phone .
Created by maker Jose Julio under their open source robots venture JJRobots , EVO is the latest iteration of a project they wowed the world with back in 2014 .
EVO is a collection of motors that move an air hockey paddle on top of a standard table you can buy from any shop . A big part of the project is the ability to remove the robot from the table at any point should you want to play against a human ( lame ) .
The robot receives commands from a phone running a custom app . Using the phone 's camera , the app can identity parts of the field and makes plays depending on where the puck is . The phone 's display also outputs an overlay of what it sees , showing the trajectory of the puck at any given time .
If that impressed you as much as it did us , you 're most likely clamouring to get one . Julio offers an official kit which starts at €129 / $ 135/£108/R1905 and goes up if you want the required 3D parts , if you do n't have the facilities to print them yourself . Shipping is free worldwide thankfully .
But , because this is an open source project , you can make your own too . You 'll need a host of parts including an Arduino , motors , and those 3D printed parts . The full guide with links to the upcoming forum as well as all the code you need can be found on the JJrobots site .
[ Source JJRobots Via Arduino Blog
FIRST DIABLO FOOD NOT BOMBS SHUT DOWN BY HEALTH DEPARTMENT AND POLICE diablofoodnotbombs [ at ] gmail.com )
Monday Jun 14th , 2010 3:09 PM by Derailer
On Thursday June 10th , formed chapter of Food Not Bombs in the Diablo valley area attempted to serve food at the Concord farmers market in the Todos Santos plaza to the homeless and underprivileged . The Contra Costa Health Department with the assistance of the Concord Police Department ordered the group to cease operations and confiscated all of the group 's food and supplies .
On Thursday June 10th , a newly formed chapter of Food Not Bombs in the Diablo valley area attempted to serve food at the Concord farmers market in the Todos Santos plaza . Prior to the serving of food , the group was confronted by the health department and the police which told members of the group not to serve the meal . Due to the presence of hungry individuals and families at the park , the group decided to set up and begin serving despite instructions by the authorities not to . After serving around 30-40 people and with about 50 people waiting in line , the Contra Costa Health Department with the assistance of the Concord Police Department ordered the group to cease operations and confiscated all of the group 's remaining food and supplies . The authorities used lack of permits and violations of health codes to justify their actions . As hungry people walked away with plates full of food , the police proceeded to take their plates and ordered them to leave . The police also began to yell and push individuals that were trying to save what was left . They ordered them to leave the park stating they were causing a `` disturbance '' and threatened them with arrest even though the individuals were simply serving free food and constituted no threat to the public . Diablo Food Not Bombs maintains the only threat the group posed was to the business interests of the overpriced vendors and the gentrified downtown area of Concord , in which the serving of free food might undermine profit margins , even though the people being fed could not afford the expensive food in the first place . Also those who have effectively shut out the issue of American poverty in their minds would then have to see and mingle with the homeless , underprivileged and starving . The only threat Diablo Food Not Bombs poses is a threat to the status quo of hunger in our area . The city of Concord is obviously not doing enough about those deprived of food in our community and instead subdues efforts of ordinary people who try to feed them . If the city truly wants to make the farmers market a community event , it would be inclusive of all people , especially those trying to help others out directly , instead of spending tax payer dollars and city resources to repress them . The Health Department is currently holding the cookware and supplies that were taken and will not release them until the group signs a document saying that they will not serve food in the future without a permit . Diablo Food not Bombs states that given their current capacity , they can not meet the unfeasibly enormous financial and facility permit requirements set by the city ordinance and the county health code , and they will not just wait around or go through bureaucratic motions while there are people in our community that are in need of food . DIABLO FOOD NOT BOMBS IS CALLING A BAY WIDE ACTION NEXT THURSDAY JUNE 17th IN TODOS SANTOS PARK , CONCORD AT 4:30pm . COME DEFEND THE HUMAN RIGHT TO FOOD ! ! !
I like to game on a couch/I dont like kb+m
I work all day on a computer and the last thing I want to do is use one at home
Games are horribly optimised or bad console ports
The price is too high
Building a PC is too hard
Exclusives
I dont want to have to fiddle with settings to get games to run . Consoles just work .
Most PC games nowadays have excellent controller support and scalable UIs so you can play PC games on a couch . And with Steam Big Picture mode ( Buggy though it may be ) you can even control Steam with a gamepad . Theres also the option of Steam In-Home streaming which allows you to stream games from your gaming PC to any other machine in the house which works wonders in my experience.I dont really get this one although I cant fault you for thinking it . I also work with a computer all day but the first thing I want to do when I get home is jump on my PC and play some video games . Its easy for me to separate the work from play but if you cant then thats fair enough.While this can obviously happen as weve seen with games like Watch_Dogs and Dead Rising 3 . Its extremely rare and even when it does happen , the games usually run as well as or even better than their console counterparts . I get around 50fps with high settings on both games whereas the console versions are 30fps.Obviously I cant deny that the initial investment is higher than consoles , its not nearly as bad as people say . Im not going to go through all the maths that everyone has heard before but the general consensus is that yes , a PC is more expensive . But you are paying for a premium experience . A premium experience which isnt that much more expensive.This is definitely a thought leftover from the late 90s/early 2000s . PCs have never been easier , theyre basically really big Lego projects at this point . And there are tons of helpful guides out there to make the short process much easier.I think this is also a fair issue . People like what they like . However , I feel like people who hate on PC for lacking exclusives dont tend to look at what it really has to offer . People are eating up Dragon Age : Inquisition but dont even look at games like Pillars of Eternity and Divinity : Original Sin . Most people who arent paying attention to the PC will not see the tons of incredible games and variety that the platform has to offer.This can definitely be an issue from time to time , but its much rarer than people think . I occasionally play with settings to see how far I can push a game and maintain 60fps but with things like the Nvidia GeForce experience you can just hit one button and it optimises the game to your machine . I think AMD also has a similar program but I have little experience of it . I also take account with the idea that consoles just work . Pretty much every game now has a mandatory installation with day one patches . Obviously PCs have this as well but at least now were on an even playing field .
Image caption One particular Geenstijl article ( top L ) prompted the open letter ( top R ) and several leading brands have responded
A Dutch shock blog has been hit by an advertising boycott , after a campaign launched by more than 140 women .
TV journalists , columnists , politicians and a leading economist signed an open letter accusing GeenStijl of denigrating women and online intimidation , as well as racism and homophobia .
They accused big brands such as Rabobank and the Efteling theme park as well as the Dutch ministry of defence of `` paying the salaries of the most influential trolls on the internet '' .
Now several advertisers have responded by pulling their ads , including the brewer Grolsch , the furniture store Ikea and the Dutch tax office .
Image copyright Getty Images/Kro-Ncrv Image caption Among the women signing the letter were ex-politician Femke Halsema , TV host Eva Jinek and economist Heleen Mees
GeenStijl has been shock-blogging for 14 years and describes its stance as `` tendentious , unfounded and gratuitously offensive '' .
So why call for a boycott now ?
The row began when columnist Rosanne Hertzberger wrote an article critical of companies that advertised on the site .
`` You can reduce naked women to stage props , '' they wrote . `` I find it revolting but for me freedom goes quite a long way . The question is which advertisers are making this content possible . ''
When another columnist , Loes Reijmer , added their voice to the criticism , Geenstijl 's editor Bart Nijman posted a photo of them on the site , asking readers `` Would you do her ? ''
Image copyright Twitter Image caption `` Denigrating women . That 's big business for @ geenstijl , finds columnist @ ryhertzberger ''
That unleashed an army of aggressive , often anonymous , trolls .
Their comments were graphic . They included threats to rape or inflict twisted forms of sexual assault and other violent acts . Most are too grotesque or offensive to publish here .
This time the website had crossed a line , the women decided , and the public boycott campaign was launched . Among those signing the open letter were :
TV host Eva Jinek
Ex-Green leader Femke Halsema
Author Myrthe Hilkens
Economist Heleen Mees
They urged advertisers to end their relationship with GeenStijl , as they had a responsibility to customers not to `` support a site where the humiliation of women and racism is the norm , not the exception '' .
They asked them to consider whether appearing in this kind of environment was in line with the values of their companies .
Education Minister Jet Bussemaker and several other politicians have backed the women and told Dutch TV they had to `` take a stand '' to protect women from being pilloried online .
Politicians from the liberal D66 and Green-Left parties raised the issue in parliament and now several companies and government ministries have voted with their feet .
Rabobank told the BBC it placed adverts where it expected to reach the desired audience and no longer used GeenStijl 's video-sharing sister site Dumpert .
What is GeenStijl ?
A small but influential blog , it attracts almost 2m unique visitors a month and has 88,000 followers on Twitter .
Critics say it is racist , sexist , unashamed click bait and offers `` a place for pathetic people to vent their frustrations '' .
But its readers argue it is refreshing and a political correctness-free zone .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Dutch Education Minister Jet Bussemaker was among several political figures to back the women 's campaign
Its bloggers promote themselves as protectors of free expression and are proud of their position as provocateurs .
By way of a disclaimer it once wrote a relatively tame article about me , referring to me as a `` Page Three girl '' , including a holiday snap that has since been removed .
GeenStijl is also part of the Telegraaf Media Groep ( TMG ) , one of the largest media organisations in the Netherlands .
Is this censorship ?
GeenStijl itself has responded with a blog accusing politicians of trying to censor it .
One former editor on the site , Annabel Nanninga , said sexism was being used as an excuse to shut it down because it had been `` a thorn in the eye '' for 14 years .
One TV presenter has condemned the support for the anti-GeenStijl campaign as `` terrifying '' . By `` naming and shaming '' advertisers , the columnists were not only jeopardising the blog 's income but its very existence .
`` I readily remind my profession that moral indignation is always selective , '' warned Roderick Veelo .
Today it was GeenStijl , they suggested , but tomorrow it would be another and before you knew it is could be your turn .
The EU 's Right To Be Forgotten removals have been happening for about a week on Google , and now news publications are discovering the fallout . For some searches , you ca n't find their news stories relating to certain people .
In particular , both the BBC and the Guardian have shared examples of content that 's now been “ forgotten ” in Google . The stories remain on the sites of both publications . You just ca n't locate them for certain searches related to the names of individuals they are about . ( Postscript 5:50pm ET : Add the Daily Mail to the list , which has posted about removal notices it has received ) .
What 's Been Forgotten
Among the forgotten are these pieces :
Three stories from October and November 2010 about Scottish football referee Dougie McDonald , who self-admittedly lied about reversing a penalty . The Daily Mail also received a similar request for a story it has . ( Guardian / Daily Mail )
A story from 2002 about Paul Baxendale-Walker being accused of fraud ; they were later found not guilty of that charge ( Guardian )
An archive page with a week 's worth of news , where it 's hard to tell which person might have been involved ( Guardian )
An article about how workers in France were decorating their office windows with Post-It notes ( Guardian )
A 2007 commentary about Stan O'Neal , the then chair of Merrill Lynch ( BBC )
A story about Tesco workers attacking their employer on social media ( Daily Mail )
A story about a couple having sex on a train ( Daily Mail )
A story about a Muslim man who accused Cathay Pacific of discrimination ( Daily Mail )
The media outlets know that these stories have been dropped from Google because both have received the new notices that Google 's sending out to inform publishers when removals happen , such as this example we illustrated today on our Search Engine Land site :
The BBC cited its example ; James Ball , the author of the Guardian article about its removals , confirmed to me via email having received notices for all the Guardian removals . They also said that so far , no further notices have come in .
The Mess That Is The Right To Be Forgotten
This latest chapter with removals is showing how messy and confusing this whole process is , one that was n't developed by any organized attempt to figure out pros , cons and implementation issues but instead by flat decree by the EU Court Of Justice . Consider these major points :
The freedom of the press issues are becoming apparent
It 's difficult to know what was forgotten and why , yet…
It 's becoming easier to remember what was supposedly “ forgotten ”
De Facto Censorship Of The Press
It 's very important to understand that the EU 's action is not causing content to be removed from publishers themselves , which would no doubt have raised a huge outcry among major news outlets . They usually do n't remove content they 've published without an exceptionally good reason or a court order .
Rather , the articles are being removed from Google , for certain searches . The court went this route understanding that if you pull something out of Google ( and search engines generally ) , that can effectively cause the material to be hidden more easily than someone trying to track down many different publishers that might carry the same thing .
That 's especially an issue when it comes to “ scraper ” sites , where someone might simply copy the content off another site without permission and republish it . Copyright owners know what a “ whack-a-mole ” situation this is , where getting one removed only makes room for another to spring up .
But the EU action is arguably a de facto censorship of the press . News stories are being made to disappear without any court review . Instead , Google seems to be following the letter of the new EU mandate and rubber-stamping any reasonable request that comes along .
Hard To Know Who Wants Something Forgotten
The removals are also leading to confusion about who might have tried to get something pulled . Consider the case of Stan O'Neal , the former head of Merrill Lynch , in that BBC article that has been removed .
If you search for their name on Google UK , you get one of the new notices that Google shows to searchers to indicate a Right To Be Forgotten removal may have happened :
So is O'Neal working to scrub their record out of Google ? Salon thinks so , but we do n't actually know .
See , those notices are also showing up for names even if there was no removal , as our story on Search Engine Land from yesterday explains :
In addition , if I search on Google.com — where removals do not happen — I do n't find the story in question . For all we know , it could involve one of the people who left a comment . Consider this :
The lower arrow points to a notice for a search on Peter Dragomer , suggesting that something has been removed from Google for their name . He 's also the first person who commented on the O'Neal story . Maybe Dragomer found that this story was coming up tops for their name in Google , did n't like it and decided to remove it .
Chances are , that 's not the case . As you can see from the upper arrow , the article in question is showing up for their name . The removal notice is likely appearing because of Google 's intended policy to make it a blanket notice for all name searches . That means using the presence of such a notice to effectively convict someone of filing a removal notice is wrong . You ca n't trust that notice .
All we know for certain is that Google told the BBC that this page would be censored in Google . We do n't know for what name , and guesswork remains that — just guesswork , which could be wrong .
Yes , Easier To Know Who Wants Something Forgotten
Conversely , as these notices continue to flow out , it 's likely to become easier to know if someone did ask for a removal — which is contrary to the EU court 's goal and a result of it poorly thinking out how this new mandate would actually happen .
In Ball 's article at the Guardian , they suggested perhaps setting up a Twitter account to tweet all the links that have been removed , as they come in . That or something else would happen , and coupled with searches on Google.com compared to EU-versions of Google , it might be possible to compile a growing list of the articles some people have demanded be forgotten .
In turn , ironically , that might make these articles even more remembered . Consider this :
If former referee Dougie McDonald really did put in requests to remove three Guardian articles about their penalty incident , he 's got a lot more work to do . It 's not hard to find other publications that covered it , with the first and third arrows being examples . Under Google 's current system , he 'd had to request removal of each and every article individually .
The second arrow also indicates another problem . For anyone especially noteworthy , making a removal request from a major publication probably will get that publication to write an article about your request , which you 'll only get removed by filing a new request , which probably will generate yet another article and so on .
The Removal That Did n't Happen
The last arrow is especially important . One of the Guardian articles that was supposedly removed from Google for a search on Dougie McDonald is showing up at the bottom of the results , for this search that I conducted on Google UK . Also , further up ( but not marked with an arrow ) is the story supposedly removed from the Daily Mail , still showing up .
Maybe the story was removed because someone else was mentioned ? Maybe it only shows for other variations of the name ? Maybe if I were actually in the UK , it might be dropped ? It 's hard to tell , though indications are that it even shows up there .
So why would Ball think it was dropped ? In their article , they searched for “ Dougie McDonald guardian ” into both Google.com and Google UK . Because they did n't see the three articles the Guardian got notices about showing him , they assumed that the articles were dropped for McDonald 's name .
But a search for “ Dougie McDonald guardian ” is n't a pure name search , which is all the EU order applies to . If you really want to know if something was dropped , you have to search for just the name alone .
And even then , it can be confusing .
Postscript ( July 8 ) : Google has confirmed to Marketing Land that it is actually filtering for names as well as those names plus other words . So if an “ Emily White ” objected to a story showing for their name , and Google granted a removal , the story would no longer appear for their name or for their name with other words such as “ Emily White bankrupt ”
Google 's Mess , The EU 's Mess & Moving Forward
This is n't a mess that Google created nor wanted , but so far , I 'd say the company has been handling the process in a fairly inept fashion .
It declared it would do notices of removals at the bottom of search results . Then it ended up in a place where it 's showing notices even if removals do n't happen , so that its attempt at transparency has turned into an exercise in confusion .
It declared it would give site owners notice when removals are happening . But those removals do n't explain what searches the removals are happening for , or why , so publishers ca n't raise any objections .
Most importantly , it has foolishly decided to be the first arbiter of what gets censored under this new , ill-defined and easily abused right . Far better , as I wrote after the new right was mandated , to kick all these requests over to the various EU privacy bodies and let them make such decisions :
One strategy would be for Google ( or any search engine ) to decide not to decide . Any request it receives , it could respond that unless the request relates to some very specific situations , it will be rejected because Google does n't believe it can fairly judge between the right of privacy and the right of free speech . Instead , Google could recommend that someone go to a particular country 's privacy agency for a ruling and let that agency make the call .
Instead , Google decided to go ahead with making the initial decision . That leads directly to the Guardian 's article where the headline and subhead that puts the blame on Google , as the bold parts below emphasize :
EU 's right to be forgotten : Guardian articles have been hidden by Google Publishers must fight back against this indirect challenge to press freedom , which allows articles to be ‘ disappeared ' . Editorial decisions belong with them , not Google
Make no mistake . Google does n't want to be doing this type of censorship . It fought against it , and ultimately , this is a problem for the EU governments to figure out . But by making decisions about what should be censored , rather than initially rejecting all requests for regulatory review — as it could have done — Google has helped make the situation get even messier .
I am sympathetic to the company not wanting to fight harder on this , however . The privacy regulators seem to uniformly hate it . It 's also under severe anti-trust attention in the EU . It feels like Google decided it was easier to cave on the issue and just give in .
Ultimately , it 's an EU problem , however . Maybe , now that press publications are realizing that they face de facto censorship , they 'll put more pressure on how removals are handled .
In the end , many people can sympathize with someone wanting results about their one-time mistake or long-ago embarrassing action removed . Unfortunately , the EU 's rules seem to give the same right to be forgotten to these people as it does to pedophiles , serious criminals , fraudsters , politicians and others . It feels like there ought to be be a better way .
Postscript : Some Answers From Google
I got a few answers from Google on related questions to this story :
It would n't comment on whether Dougie McDonald or Stan O'Neal put in requests for removals of articles about themselves . I did n't expect Google would comment , but I wanted to at least ask .
It also would n't comment on whether the fact that articles about Dougie McDonald listed for removal but still showing up for their name , as explained above , means that perhaps the requests were related to having them removed for someone else 's name . My own takeaway here remains as explained above — people who are assuming McDonald made these requests might be drawing the wrong conclusion .
Google also would n't comment on how many news articles have been impacted so far , nor give any update on how many requests it is currently processing . When the form first opened , Google was receiving about 10,000 requests per day . I 've tried several times for an update on these figures , to understand if the pace is growing or dropping . No luck . My assumption is that the pace is dropping ; if it was growing , I 'd have expected Google to publicize that as proof of what a burden the new right is turning into .
Google did confirm that those outside the EU , who go to an EU-specific version of Google , will see removals as if they were in the EU . IE , it 's been clear that Google might remove content from Google UK for those in the UK . It was also clear that those in the UK who go to Google.com would n't have the content removed . But it was n't clear if those outside the UK going to Google UK would get censored results . The answer : yes .
Google also confirmed that removals are only done for exact names submitted . So , if someone like Larry Page wanted results removed for their name and submitted for “ Larry Page , ” that would happen . But they would n't be removed for “ Lawrence Page ” unless a separate request was submitted .
Finally , can people outside the EU have their content removed ? Google 's removal form does n't make this clear nor require any type of proof of citizenship or residency . However , Google told me the form can be filed by EU citizens or residents . So for others — they seem to be out of luck .
Postscript 2 : Google has now restored some of the links . Our follow-up story has more : The EU 's Right To Be Forgotten Is A Mess & How Google 's Making It Worse
Related Articles
Image copyright EPA Image caption More than 15,000 fans attended the 2015 League of Legends world championship final
League of Legends developer Riot Games is now owned 100 % by Chinese firm Tencent .
The company made the announcement in a blogpost about changes the way staff are compensated .
It is not clear whether the sale will mean changes to how the popular League of Legends ( LoL ) game is run .
Tencent has reportedly clashed with Riot over some LoL tournaments the Chinese firm organised without getting permission to hold them .
Prior to the sale , Tencent was already the majority owner of Riot and was in control of almost 93 % of the stock in the game maker . No figure was given for the sale of the remaining 7 % .
League of Legends is one of the most popular multiplayer games in the world . Statistics suggest 27 million people play it every day while around 7.5 million people play it simultaneously during its peak hours of popularity .
News of the sale comes soon after Riot announced big changes for the game that will be introduced in 2016 . Among other things , these streamline the way that players choose the champion they control in the game .
Tencent is a massive holding company with many subsidiaries that run net-based businesses . It runs the QQ instant messenger service , distributes music online and operates several multiplayer games . It also has the rights to distribute League of Legends in China .
To be fair , the Atlantic Wire called this a Photoshop , and that 's the only reason why one might be remotely comfortable with the term . At polite best , it could be called a poor composite ; at worst , a hatchet job .
Yonhap News Agency , the largest news organization in South Korea , released this image with a dispatch about South Korean President Park Geun-hye 's joint news conference with President Obama on Tuesday . The photo 's caption read , `` South Korean President Park Geun-hye ( L ) shakes hands with U.S. President Barack Obama at a White House meeting on May 7 . ''
Seems legit . Except for maybe the extra hands . And the fact that Park and Obama are in different rooms .
Sure , it could n't look worse if it had been cut and pasted together with Microsoft Paint . But what can we say ? We 've been spoiled by North Korean 's recent Photoshop deception . At least the North is putting some effort into doctoring its photos .
Update : May 9 , 10:05 a.m. -- A Yonhap News representative provided the following statement to The Huffington Post :
`` A Yonhap story slugged 'Park-NK provocation , ' released on May 8 ( Seoul time ) , carried an erroneous caption for an attached photo . The caption should read , 'This edited file photo shows South Korean President Park Geun-hye ( L ) and U.S. President Barack Obama . ' We regret the error and any inconvenience this might have caused . ''
However , no comment was offered about the composite photo itself .
Previously :
Gizmodo posted an actual photo of Park and Obama shaking hands and jocularly suggested that someone 's child might have gotten `` loose in Yonhap 's office right before press . ''
A history of the radical movements the Diggers and the Levellers which sprung up around the English Civil War .
“ I think that the poorest they that is in England hath a life to live as the greatest he , and therefore truly , sir , I think it is clear to every man that is to live under a government ought first by their own consent to put themselves under that government . ”
The political and social upheaval that resulted from the English Civil War in the seventeenth century [ effectively two conflicts between 1642 -1646 and 1647/48 ] led to the development of a set of radical ideas centred around movements known as ‘ Diggers ' and ‘ Levellers'The Diggers [ or ‘ True Levellers ' ] were led by William Everard who had served in the New Model Army . As the name implies , the diggers aimed to use the earth to reclaim the freedom that they felt had been lost partly through the Norman Conquest ; by seizing the land and owning it ‘ in common ' they would challenge what they considered to be the slavery of property . They were opposed to the use of force and believed that they could create a classless society simply through seizing land and holding it in the ‘ common good'.To this end , a small group [ initially 12 , though rising to 50 ] settled on common land first at St George 's Hill and later in Cobham , Surrey and grew corn and other crops . This small group defied the landlords , the Army and the law for over a year . In addition to this , groups travelled through England attempting to rally supporters . In this they had some successes in Kent and Northamptonshire . Their main propagandist was Gerard Winstanley who produced the clearest statement of Digger ideas in ‘ The Law of Freedom in a Platform ' published in 1652 . This was a defence and exposition of the notion of a classless society based in secularism and radical democracyThe relatively small group of followers of Digger ideas was never particularly influential and was quite easily suppressed by Cromwell and Fairfax.The most significant of these movements were The Levellers whose revolutionary ideas resonated throughout the succeeding centuries , mostly notably in the demands of the Chartists in the nineteenth century.The Levellers ' ideas found most support in the ranks of the 'New Model Army ' , formed by Oliver Cromwell in 1645 and were largely responsible for the defeat of the Royalist forces led by Charles I , particularly in the decisive Battle of Naseby in June 1645.By the end of the first civil war in 1646 Leveller ideas were particularly influential and culminated in the Putney Debates where ordinary soldiers debated revolutionary ideas with their generals ; it was at this series of meetings that Leveller Colonel Thomas Rainborough argued the case for universal suffrage :
Unfortunately , this outbreak of democracy within the ranks of the army was relatively short-lived ; the outbreak of the second civil war in 1647 allowed the generals to reassert their authority and Leveller influence began to wane . An attempted mutiny by Leveller soldiers was brutally suppressed in Burford , Oxfordshire in 1649 ; leaders were executed by Cromwell 's soldiers and others were tried for high treason .
Why this brutal suppression ? What did the generals find so threatening about the Levellers ?
Who were the Levellers ?
The Levellers were a relatively loose alliance of radicals and freethinkers who came to prominence during the period of instability that characterised the English Civil War of 1642 – 1649 . The most prominent Levellers were John Lilburne , Richard Overton , William Walwyn , John Wildman , Edward Sexby and Colonel Thomas Rainborough .
What bound these people together was the general belief that all men were equal ; since this was the case , then a government could only have legitimacy if it was elected by the people . The Leveller demands were for a secular republic , abolition of the House of Lords , equality before the law , the right to vote for all , free trade , the abolition of censorship , freedom of speech and the absolute right for people to worship whatever religion [ or none ] that they chose . This programme was published as ‘ The Agreement of the People ' .
These ideas came out of the social classes from which the Levellers originated ; they were mainly skilled workers and peasants and the ‘ petty bourgeoisie ' . Since many of them had fought in Cromwell 's New Model Army they were used to discussion , argument and the free dissemination of ideas ; it was this intelligent debate allied to the need for discipline that had led to the defeat of the Royalists and the victory of the republic .
The Levellers were essentially radical idealists ; their demands could be seen as a form of early socialism [ they were pretty much the same as the demands of the Chartists some two hundred years later ] , but they had little or no understanding of the workings of a capitalist economy . It is unfair , though , to expect this of them since capitalism as an organised form of social production would only assert itself much later in the development of Britain as an industrial nation .
Indeed , it is important to note that their views on the social order were not particularly progressive ; these were rooted in the notion that prior to 1066 and the Norman Conquest a democratic society had existed in Anglo-Saxon times where the land was held in common by the people [ perhaps this is in line with Karl Marx 's idea of the concept of ‘ primitive communism ' ; that is , the form of social organisation that existed in pre-industrial society ] .
The victory of William the Conqueror in 1066 had enabled them to impose a form of foreign [ that is , Norman ] domination on the people . [ 1 ] This enabled them to reward their followers with huge swathes of land seized from the formerly ‘ free men ' of England . This was particularly so in the North of England where opposition was brutally suppressed .
The Levellers argued that since God had created all men as equals , the land belonged to all the people as a right . Their programme was , then , essentially an attempt to restore the situation that they believed had existed previous to the Norman Conquest ; they wanted to establish a ‘ commonwealth ' in which the common people would be in control of their own destiny without the intervention of a King , a House of Lords and other potential oppressors .
The Agreement of the People was drawn up by a committee of Levellers including John Lilburne which was to have been discussed at a meeting of the commonwealth armies at Newmarket in June 1647 . In brief this is what they asked for :
· Power to be vested in the people
· One year Parliaments , elected by equal numbers of voters per seat . The right to vote for all men who worked independently for their living and all those who had fought for the Parliamentary cause
· Recall of any or all of their MPs by their electors at any time
· Abolition of the House of Lords
· Democratic election of army officers
· Complete religious toleration and the abolition of tithes and tolls
· Justices to be elected ; law courts to be local and proceedings to be in English [ not French ! ]
· Redistribution of seized land to the common people
`` [ T ] here had never been anything like such a spontaneous outbreak of democracy in any English or Continental Army before this year of 1647 , nor was there anything like it thereafter till Workers ' and Soldiers ' Councils met in 1917 in Russia '' [ 2 ]
It is hardly surprising , given this programme of demands , that the rich and powerful felt threatened by the Levellers . This is particularly so , given that some of the Leveller demands , almost 400 years on , have still not been met ! Since Leveller demands went so much further than Cromwell and other republican leaders could even begin to meet , then they had to be crushed .
The outbreak of the second civil war gave them the opportunity to do this and so the movement which would have surely rid the people of the parasitical classes once and for all was brutally put down .
The final victory of the Parliamentary forces later in 1648 not only led to the execution of the King , but also the suppression of Leveller ideas for a time .
Leveller ideas , though , posed a real challenge to the power and authority of Cromwell particularly with their attitude to the situation in Ireland . The New Model Army had been set up to defend Parliament at home , not to act as a mercenary force which would advance the imperialist ambitions of the English ruling class . The Catholics in Ireland , it was argued , had a claim to freedom and equality which was just as valid as that which the Levellers were arguing for at home .
In ‘ The English Soldier 's Standard ' , it was argued that military intervention in Ireland would only mean that the Irish would become a subject people exploited by precisely those who the Levellers were struggling to overcome in England . The point was that influential levellers were implacably opposed to the reconquest of Ireland .
When significant elements of the New Model Army refused to embark for Ireland it was obvious that a crucial point had been reached . Radical elements had to be crushed in order for Cromwell to assert their authority . This was achieved at Burford in Oxfordshire where Fairfax and Cromwell surprised the Levellers and defeated them [ albeit it with only a handful of casualties ] . From this time [ May 1649 ] the New Model Army was completely in the control of Cromwell .
This does not mean , though , that Leveller ideas were totally eradicated . On May Day 1649 , the third and final version of the ‘ Agreement of the People ' was published . This is the last collective statement of the Leveller leaders and is their most complete political programme . Its preface stated :
“ Peace and freedom is our design ; by war we were never gainers , nor ever wish to be . ”
In this version of the Agreement , there is a restatement of essential Leveller ideas , though there is a divergence between them and the aims of the Diggers to eradicate the ownership of private property . In all other respects , the programme is not dissimilar to earlier versions ; the emphasis is still on universal [ male ] suffrage , accountable government , religious toleration , civil rights , and so on .
Leveller ideas mainly appealed to the dispossessed in society ; that is , those who were most threatened by what the Levellers were proposing were unlikely to be persuaded by appeals to the ‘ common good ' . Since the Levellers were unable to mobilise their followers to any great degree and , given their defeat at Burford , they lacked the ability to challenge the army or government , it is almost inevitable that they were unable to pose any future threat to the ruling class or [ restored ] Monarchy .
Nevertheless , this is not to say that Leveller ideas are irrelevant or were consigned to the ‘ dustbin of history ' . Both the Levellers and Diggers are of crucial importance to the development of working class history since they stand in the proud tradition of English radicalism and challenge to the ruling orthodoxy .
Like the Tolpuddle Martyrs and the Chartists of a later period , the Diggers and Levellers posed a serious threat to the ruling class ; their direct appeals to the poor and dispossessed resonate throughout the centuries – whilst the language and mode of expression may have changed , the essential demands of these radicals remain as vibrant and necessary today as they were when they were first put .
Some 450 years after the Diggers established their commune at Cobham , we still need to establish the common ownership of property and the development of society based on need , rather than profit . The words of Winstanley echo throughout the centuries :
“ When men take to buying and selling the land , saying 'This is mine ' , they restrain other fellow creatures from seeking nourishment from mother earth… .. so that they that had no land was to work for those , for small wages , that called the land theirs ; and thereby some are lifted up into the chair of tyranny and others trod under the footstool of misery , as if the earth were made for a few and not for all men . ”
Our task must be rescue the words of the Diggers and Levellers from obscurity and to locate them quite firmly in the context of working-class history and struggle ; to seek inspiration from their words and actions ; to ensure that all of these disparate voices are united under the common theme of working class resistance to poverty and oppression
Jim Fox
From Revolutions Per Minute
[ 1 ] See RPM issue 9 - ‘ Rich at Play – foxhunting , land ownership and the Countryside Alliance ' which reveals how even today many of the major landowners in Britain are descended from those whom William allocated land to .
[ 2 ] P181 – The Levellers and the English Revolution by H.N . Brailsford
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders used the terrorist attacks in Paris to call for action to address climate change at a primary debate Saturday . But , while the plea attracted ridicule across the political spectrum , many academics and national security experts agree that climate change contributes to an uncertain world where terrorism can thrive .
U.S. military officials refer to climate change as a “ threat multiplier ” that takes issues like terrorism that would pose a threat to national security and exacerbates the damage they can cause . A 2014 Department of Defense report identifies climate change as the root of government instability that leads to widespread migration , damages infrastructure and leads to the spread of disease . “ These gaps in governance can create an avenue for extremist ideologies and conditions that foster terrorism , ” the report says .
The parallels between the situation described in the government report and the situation on the ground in Syria are striking . The worst drought on record in the Middle Eastern country has created instability for farmers and threatened the food supply . At the same time , the government has struggled to hold on to power across the country in the face of militant groups and millions of Syrians have fled their homeland .
Read More : How Climate Change is Behind the Surge of Migrants to Europe
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
“ I 'm not telling you that the crisis in Syria was caused by climate change , ” Secretary of State John Kerry said in a speech last month . “ But the devastating drought clearly made a bad situation a lot worse . ”
Indeed , a paper published in the academic journal PNAS earlier this year argues that climate change helped create instability and fighting in Syria . The Islamic State , commonly known as ISIS , arose in the country in large part due to that instability . And , now , ISIS has claimed responsibility for a number of recent terrorist attacks including this week 's assault in Paris and the downing of a Russian jet over Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula .
Write to Justin Worland at justin.worland @ time.com .
With the candidates and voters poised for the first presidential debate on Monday night , Democrat Hillary Clinton leads Republican Donald Trump in Virginia , according to a new survey of likely voters by the Wason Center for Public Policy at Christopher Newport University .
Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson is winning support , especially among Millennial voters .
In a head-to-head contest , voters prefer Clinton , 48-38 percent , according to the poll . But among all five candidates who will be on the Nov. 8 ballot , the tally is Clinton 39 , Trump 33 and Johnson 15 . Green Party nominee Jill Stein and independent Evan McMullin each take 3 percent .
A majority ( 54 percent ) said Clinton can not be trusted with classified information . And a majority ( 53 percent ) said Trump is a racist , the poll found .
Voters 18-34 years old overwhelmingly prefer Clinton over Trump in a two-way choice , 52-30 percent . When the full ballot is considered , though , many of those Millennial voters flock to the Libertarian . Clinton still leads , with 34 percent , but Millennials take Johnson ( 27 ) over Trump ( 23 ) .
More Virginia voters think Clinton would make a better Commander-in-Chief than Trump , 50-40 percent . Women think Clinton would be a better Commander-in-Chief than Trump by 2-1 , 60-30 percent . However , military voters prefer Trump as Commander-in-Chief , 48-39 percent .
The results of this poll are based on 1,003 interviews of likely Virginia voters , including 527 on landline and 476 on cell phone , conducted Sept 15-23 , 2016 . Percentages may not equal 100 due to rounding .
The margin of error is +/-3.9 percent .
Code for America Announces Government Partners for 2015 Fellowship Program
Today Code for America is thrilled to announce new partnerships with seven local governments for the 2015 Code for America Fellowship Program . The official announcement was shared with more than 750 attendees at the annual Code for America Summit this afternoon and in this press release .
The governments are : Albuquerque , New Mexico ; Indianapolis , Indiana ; Miami-Dade County , Florida ; Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ; Somerville , Massachusetts ; Vallejo , California ; and West Sacramento , California . In November , we 'll announce the 2015 Fellows .
GETTING TO TODAY
I 'm particularly excited to share this news as I 've seen the hard work and dedication that our city and county partners have put in to make this happen . Each of these have made incredible commitments to applying modern technology approaches and tools to meeting the needs of their communities .
It 's been a nine month journey — having started our conversations in January . Between those early conversations and mid-March , when applications were due , these seven partners gained buy-in from their leadership and peers , secured nearly $ 220,000 in government funding , and worked diligently to confirm match funding and community investment from local philanthropic or corporate partners .
And today that work became official !
Earlier this morning , our partners and close to 30 members of their staff came together to begin preparing for the 2015 Fellowship . During that time , the partners discussed the outcomes of their projects and participated in a goal setting exercise . They learned about user-centered design from UX Evangelist Cyd Harrell and lean , iterative approaches to building technology from CTO Mike Migurski .
ABOUT THE FELLOWSHIP
Fellows and cities are invested in a partnership that explores answers to local challenges by engaging the community , building applications , and testing the results . Over the past four years , the Fellowship program has produced more than 55 web apps with 30 municipal governments and 103 Fellows .
The applications are tangible results of a process that builds much more than a piece of technology .
The Fellowship program strengthens key capabilities within local government and communities by working in an iterative , user-centered , data-driven approach . Beyond the year of the Fellowship , we see city staff continuing to design services for and with the community , make data meaningful , and make better technology choices . Often the key takeaway for a Fellowship experience is shifting the way cities think about , and use , technology to deliver public services .
Over the last four years , Code for America Fellows , in partnership with cities , have developed a growing portfolio of products , tools , and standards . In 2014 , Code for America began a pilot program to deepen and integrate health-related projects . This year the governments selected for the 2015 Fellowship will build on prior learnings in health , economic development , procurement , public safety , and justice .
A UNIQUE CLASS
This years class of partners stands out for myriad reasons in my mind . First and foremost , we have an incredible mixture of large , mid , and smaller cities . Oftentimes when we first engage in conversation with a new government , they have the perception that the Fellowship is only geared for large cities like Boston and San Francisco . That 's not at all the case .
This year 's cohort of government partners reinforces the fact that the Fellowship , or any innovative project for that matter , is about aligning efforts around community priorities .
Some of the unique attributes of this year 's class include :
Two of our seven government partners are from cities with populations slightly above , or less , than 100,000 residents . One of the government partners has a population of nearly 50,000 .
Indianapolis , the 13th largest city in the U.S. , had a violent crime rate in 2012 that was nearly 3x the national average . The project will focus on public safety .
, the 13th largest city in the U.S. , had a violent crime rate in 2012 that was nearly 3x the national average . The project will focus on public safety . Similarly , Vallejo , a city that has one of , if not the lowest police-to-citizen ratios in the U.S. , will also engage the Fellows in a project aimed at increasing citizen engagement in public safety .
, a city that has one of , if not the lowest police-to-citizen ratios in the U.S. , will also engage the Fellows in a project aimed at increasing citizen engagement in public safety . Our Fellows will take on economic development projects in two incredibly different communities . One in Albuquerque , where nearly 30 % of the workforce is employed by government , and a second , in Miami-Dade , which a Kauffman Foundation study ranked # 1 in the U.S. in terms of entrepreneurial activity on a per capita basis .
, where nearly 30 % of the workforce is employed by government , and a second , in , which a Kauffman Foundation study ranked # 1 in the U.S. in terms of entrepreneurial activity on a per capita basis . We 'll explore with West Sacramento what happens when you engage underrepresented populations in a project that tackles health and food access , not just in one city , but the region .
what happens when you engage underrepresented populations in a project that tackles health and food access , not just in one city , but the region . In Pittsburgh , a city that has been lauded for its transparency efforts , the Fellowship will take on procurement .
, a city that has been lauded for its transparency efforts , the Fellowship will take on procurement . And , in Somerville , our Fellows will partner with a Mayor and team truly committed to data-driven decision making to explore how data from various sources can be used to make real-time decisions to help support the education and health of school aged children .
We look forward to a great 2015 partnership ahead !
Local governments interested in the 2016 Fellowship , it 's never too early to start the process . Contact Luke Norris , Director of Government Relations at Luke @ CodeforAmerica.org .
For more information , see the official Code for America press release including quotes from the Mayors .
WITHIN hours of the Brexit referendum last summer David Cameron had resigned , and within three weeks Theresa May had succeeded them as prime minister . The speed of their ascent to power , on July 13th 2016 , without a general election or a full-blown Tory leadership contest , meant that Mayism was never spelt out in any manifesto or endorsed by the electorate . Yet the new prime minister soon made clear the scale of their ambitions for Britain . Not only would they make a success of Brexit , they would also set in motion a sea-change in social mobility to correct the “ burning injustices ” faced by the downtrodden , and reshape “ the forces of liberalism and globalisation which have held sway ... across the Western world. ” Them allies talked of an epochal moment , comparable to Margaret Thatcher 's break with the past in 1979 . The feeble condition of the Labour opposition gave Mrs May control of a one-party state . As for their mandate , they cited the referendum : a “ quiet revolution ” by people “ not prepared to be ignored any more ” .
Yet after half a year in office there is strikingly little to show for this May revolution ( see Briefing ) . The strategy for Brexit , which is due to be triggered in less than three months , remains undefined in any but the vaguest terms , and seems increasingly chaotic . At home , the grand talk about transforming society and taming capitalism has yielded only timid proposals , many of which have already been scaled down or withdrawn . The growing suspicion is that the Sphinx-like prime minister is guarded about their plans chiefly because they are still struggling to draw them up .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The emperor 's new trousers
Mrs May built a reputation for dogged competence during six years at the Home Office , a tricky beat that has wrecked many political careers . They skilfully survived the Brexit referendum despite backing the losing side . In the abbreviated Conservative leadership race they stood out as the only grown-up ; few Tories regret plumping for them over the unprepared and unserious other contenders . In negotiating Brexit , the hardest task for any prime minister since the second world war , they face a powerful drain on political capital and governmental capacity . Half the country is against the idea and the rest may sour once its drawbacks materialise . Most of the civil servants implementing Brexit think it a mistake . If Britain 's next few years will be about avoiding traps , then the wary tenacity of Mrs May could be just what the country needs .
Yet caution has started to look like indecision . Them most senior official in Brussels has just resigned , saying that the government does not have a clear Brexit plan ( see article ) . After six months it is hard to name a single signature policy , and easy to cite U-turns . Some are welcome : a silly promise to put workers on company boards , for instance , was abandoned ; a dreadful plan to make firms list their foreign employees lasted less than a week ; and hints at curbing the Bank of England 's independence were quietly forgotten . Selective “ grammar ” schools will be resurrected—but only on a small scale , and perhaps not at all , given how many Tory MPs oppose the idea . Other reversals smack of dithering . The construction of a new nuclear plant at Hinkley Point was put in doubt , then given the go-ahead ; a new runway at Heathrow airport was all but agreed on , then deferred until a parliamentary vote next year . “ Just-about-managing ” households were the prime minister 's lodestar for a week or so , then dropped . So were suggestions that Britain would seek a transitional deal with the EU after Brexit—until they were recirculated a few weeks later when Mrs May apparently changed their mind once again .
The cause of this disarray could be that Mayism itself is muddled . While vowing to make Britain “ the strongest global advocate for free markets ” , the prime minister has also talked of reviving a “ proper industrial strategy ” . This is not about “ propping up failing industries or picking winners ” , they insist . Yet unspecified “ support and assurances ” to Nissan to persuade the carmaker to stay in Sunderland after Brexit amount to more or less that . Them enthusiasm for trade often sits uncomfortably with their scepticism of migration . Consider the recent trip to India , where their unwillingness to give way on immigration blocked progress on a free-trade agreement .
A citizen of nowhere
There is one lesson in the overdone comparison of Mrs May to Thatcher . The woman who really did transform Britain had a shambolic first term ; privatisation and union reform , with which they are now associated , did not really get going until after 1983 . Angela Merkel also made a shaky start as Germany 's chancellor . Mrs May could yet find their feet—and given the state of Labour , they will have time to do so , if Brexit does not provide their own party with a reason to oust them
Yet Mrs May could turn out to resemble another , less obvious predecessor : Gordon Brown . He , too , was thin-skinned . Like her , they moved into Downing Street without an election , in 2007 . They also started with a fearsome reputation and big promises . And when it became clear they had little idea what to do with the job they had so coveted , they flopped . The financial crisis paralysed their government because of their desire to micromanage every decision .
There is more than a little of this in Mrs May . One person can just about run the Home Office single-handed . But being prime minister requires delegation—especially when Brexit looms so large . Care for the elderly is fraying . The National Health Service is running out of money . A housing shortage is worsening . Scotland and Northern Ireland are raising awkward constitutional questions . As long as every proposal has to be pored over by the prime minister , radical decisions of the sort needed to solve these problems will not be taken . To get a grip on Britain , Mrs May must learn to loosen hers .
For this , they must decide what the grand promises of their government actually amount to . The need for every policy to be agonised over in Downing Street , the secrecy over Brexit and the silence on the government 's broader plans for Britain all point to the same problem : Theresa Maybe does not really know what they want .
Fab computer hacking game Hacknet [ official site ] has launched its mod tools , letting players create their own missions , campaigns , music and more . Or if you do n't fancy making things yourself , hey , you 'll still get to play the ‘ extensions ' other people make . I 'll be sorely disappointed if someone is n't already making a campaign recreating the great movie of our cybertime , Hackers . I 'll make it myself if I have to . I 'll get some friends in to help me type . The Gibson must fall .
If you 're not already hacking the planet yourself , hey , Hacknet is on sale right now too. ” Hacknet Extensions enables players to create their own Hacknet campaigns , system networks , nodes , themes , music and story missions , and share them with other players through Steam Workshop , ” developers Team Fractal Alligator explain .
Several new campaigns are already up on Hacknet 's Steam Workshop . A small mod-making contest is going on too .
Hacknet was already one of the best hacking games , according to resident leet dood Br3ndy , so mod support on top sounds splendid .
If you fancy jacking in yourself , a 66 % discount makes Hacknet £2.39/3,39€/ $ 3.39 on sale on Steam until Friday . Or it 's £6.62 to buy Hacknet together with Labyrinths , its recent expansion . Go on , you kn
SHANXI , China
China is pursuing recognition of the ancient northern tea road as a United Nations World Heritage site . The 13,000 kilometers Sino-Russian Tea Road started in eastern China , traversed the steppes of Mongolia and ended in St. Petersburg , Russia linking more than 200 cities .
Trade routes to the orient expanded in the 17th century to bring the treasures of China to the northern boundaries of Europe . The Tea Road originated in the Wuyi Mountains of Fujian province .
Advertisement
“ North China 's Shanxi province did n't plant tea , but the old Jinshang merchants of the province sold Chinese tea around the world three hundred years ago , ” according to Li Anping president of the Shanxi Zhendong Group that specializes in functional food and agricultural development .
China 's Belt and Road Initiative has inspired cities to revive interest in the tea road and other ancient routes , according to China Daily .
The city of Chibi and nearby Xianning , which have sold tea to Russia for centuries , proposed establishing a tea processing facility in Kungur , Russia . Kungur is a sister city to Xianning . More than 400 representatives from Russia and China met last week in Pingyao , near Shanxi for the fifth China-Mongolia-Russia Mayors ' Summit . The summit was initiated by the Chinese Culture Promotion Society administered by the Ministry of Culture .
One guest was Munkhnasan , the governor of Arkhangai province in Mongolia , who attended the summit seeking Chinese partners to invest and provide guidance in developing a tourism project in the province . “ China has abundant experience in developing tourism projects and building entertainment facilities such as glass skywalks , all of which can help promote the development of tourism in my hometown , ” they told China Daily
It takes several years of evaluation for UNESCO to grand World Cultural status . The Great Wall of China is one example and the terracotta warriors in Shaanxi . In 2012 eight provinces along the Tea Road jointly applied for UNESCO status . The provinces identified 24 historical places along the route . Preparations for the UNESCO evaluation must be complete this year .
Source : UNESCO , China Daily
Related Posts :
Seventy years ago today , humans took a photo of our home planet as seen from space for the first time .
The image itself is unassuming .
Taken from aboard a Nazi-built V2 rocket on Oct. 24 , 1946 , the black and white photo shows a smattering of clouds casting shadows down upon our planet .
The photo was taken from about 105 kilometers ( 65 miles ) above Earth by a rocket launched from the White Sands Missile Range long before Sputnik truly began the space age in 1957 .
Unbeknownst at the time to the American scientists and engineers who launched the rocket , that photo was humanity 's first salvo into what has become one of the most important uses for spaceflight yet discovered .
70 years ago # today in 1946 , White Sands Missile Range scientists launched V-2 No . 13 & took the 1st pictures of Earth from space , 105 km up pic.twitter.com/a1hvMchR2x — NASA History Office ( @ NASAhistory ) October 24 , 2016
Since 1946 , Earth imaging has become an integral part of government as well as private work .
Taking photos of Earth from above is n't just about tracking weather or even spying . Photos taken of the planet by commercial satellites are used to show people the world through applications like Google Earth . Some organizations also hope to track issues like deforestation or even poverty using the bird 's eye view of our home planet .
NASA and other space agencies around the world keep an eye on our planet from above using a variety of satellites equipped with cameras designed to monitor Earth 's weather and other systems .
And these satellites have delivered some incredible views of our planet back to people on the ground .
A camera onboard the Deep Space Climate Observatory , located about 1 million miles from Earth , takes an image of the full , sunlit side of the planet every two hours .
In these photos , the world shines like a blue marble against the blackness of space and are designed to show people what they would see if they were to fly out to where the observatory is located .
And of course , since 1946 , people have also traveled off the planet and seen their first glimpses of Earth from hundreds of kilometers above .
`` Being in space for a whole year , you get this perspective of seeing the Earth through changing seasons and you know , different lighting conditions , '' former NASA astronaut Scott Kelly , who recently returned from spending a year on the International Space Station , said during a visit to the White House last week .
One view of Earth , taken during the Apollo 17 mission to the moon , shows the planet as a blue marble with the African continent visible in 1972 .
Apollo 17 blue marble photo . Image : NASA
Apollo astronauts were also treated to views of the Earth rising above the moon 's horizon .
According to many people who have flown to space , seeing the Earth from above is a transformative experience .
Many astronauts and cosmonauts who have visited space in the decades since Yuri Gagarin first went to orbit in 1961 talk about a shift in perspective that happens when a person spends time above the planet .
Earthrise from the moon during Apollo 8 . Image : nasa
Called the `` overview effect '' by some of those that have experienced it , this change in perspective usually involves coming to the understanding that all humans are sheltered by the same thin atmosphere , and borders between nations do n't exist in space .
`` Looking down at the Earth and you see that line that separates the day into night slowly moving across the planet , thunderstorms on the horizon casting these long shadows as the sun sets , and then watching the Earth come alive and you see the lights from the cities and the towns , '' former NASA astronaut Ron Garan said in a short film about the overview effect .
And of course , because of that , some people shift the way they see the planet even when they head back down to the ground .
`` You also notice how the atmosphere looks and how fragile it looks , '' Kelly said just before coming back to Earth after their year in space . `` It makes you more of an environmentalist after spending so much time looking down at our planet . ''
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT CLOSER TO NEW rtENGLAND.YOU CAN ALSO KEEP TRACK OF THESTORM BY DOWNLOADING THE FREEWCVB APP.NICHOLE : FOUR BOSTON COLLEGESTUDENTS , RECOVERING AFTER ANACID ATTACK IN FRANCE.TONIGHT WE KNOW THIS WAS NOTTERRORISM.rtIT HAPPENED AT A TRAIN STATIONIN THE SOUTHERN CITY OFMARSEILLE.NEWSCENTER 5 'S TODD KAZAKIEWICHIS LIVE NOW AT BOSTON COLLEGE.rtTODD ? TODD : AS YOU SAY , THIS IS NOTOFFICIALLY CLASSIFIED AS ArtTERROR ATTACK , RATHER ANISOLATED INCIDENT.STILL , THE NEWS CERTAINLY ISTERRIFYING AND SHOCKING FOREVERYONE HERE ON CAMPUS.THE FOUR STUDENTS ARE JUNIORS , rtHERE AT BC , STUDYING ABROAD THISSEMESTER.THEY WERE ATTACKED THIS MORNINGAT ST. CHARLES TRAIN STATION INrtMARSEILLE , A 41-YEAR-OLD WOMANTHROWING ACID IN THEIR FACES.FRENCH POLICE DESCRIBE THE WOMANAS DISTURBED.BOSTON COLLEGE HAS IDENTIFIEDTHE STUDENTS AS COURTNEYSIVERLING , CHARLOTTE KAUFMAN , rtMICHELLE KRUG , WHO ARE ALLSTUDYING IN PARIS , AND KELSEYKOSTEN , WHO IS STUDYING INCOPENHAGEN.AGAIN , ALL FOUR HAVE BEENrtTREATED AND RELEASED FROM THEHOSPITAL , BUT AT LEAST ONE NEEDSTO SEE AN EYE DOCTOR TOMORROW , AFTER THAT DISTURBING ATTACKTHIS MORNING.rt > > THEY HAD GONE TO THE TRAINSTATION TO TAKE THE TRAIN BACKTO PARIS , AND THEN THEY HAD THEACID ATTACK BY THE WOMAN , WHO , WE 'RE TOLD BY FRENCH POLICE , rtTHREW THE ACID ON THEM , AND THENSAT DOWN IMMEDIATELY ON THESTREET CORNER UNTIL FRENCHPOLICE ARRIVED TO ARREST HER.rtTODD : BC SAYS IT IS NOT ONLYSUPPORTING THE VICTIMS , BUT ALSOOFFERING SUPPORT TO ANY STUDENTSrtHERE AT HOME , HERE ON THE MAINCAMPUS , WHO MIGHT NEED SOMESUPPORT COPING WITH THEKNOWLEDGE OF WHAT HAPPENED THISMORNING.AT THIS POINT , THE FOUR STUDENTSrtARE PLANNING ON FINISHING THErt
Advertisement Acid attack in Marseille wo n't be investigated as act of terror Victims were Boston College students Share Copy Link Copy
Four young American women were attacked with acid Sunday in the French city of Marseille by a woman who has been arrested , the Marseille prosecutor 's office said.French prosecutors are not investigating the attack as an act of terror.Two of the tourists were injured in the face in the attack in the city 's main Saint Charles train station and one of them has a possible eye injury , a spokesperson for the Marseille prosecutor 's office told The Associated Press in a phone call.She said all four of the women , who are in their 20s , have been hospitalized , two of them for shock.The spokesperson said the 41-year-old female suspect did not make any extremist threats or declarations during the attack and that there were no obvious indications that the woman 's actions were terror-related.The spokesperson spoke on condition of anonymity , per the custom of the French judicial system.Victims identified as Boston College studentsThe four Americans who were injured by acid in an incident in Marseille , France are all Boston College students , the school confirmed.The university said the four students were sprayed in the face with acid outside the Marseille-St. Charles train station Sunday morning.A 41-year-old French woman was arrested by police in connection with the incident . Police said they do not believe the attack is related to terrorism and described the woman as “ disturbed. ” The students , identified as BC juniors Courtney Siverling , Charlotte Kaufman , Michelle Krug and Kelsey Kortsen were treated for the burns in a hospital in Marseille and were released. “ It appears that the students are fine , considering the circumstances , though they may require additional treatment for burns , ” said Nick Gozik , who directs BC 's Office of International Programs . “ We have been in contact with the students and their parents and remain in touch with French officials and the U.S. Embassy regarding the incident. ” Three of the students are enrolled in BC 's Paris program . Korsten is a enrolled as a student at the Copenhagen Business School in Denmark.Police responded Sunday morningThe Marseille fire department was alerted just after 11 a.m. and dispatched four vehicles and 14 firefighters to the train station , a department spokesperson said.Two of the Americans were “ slightly injured ” with acid but did not require emergency medical treatment from medics at the scene , the spokesperson said . They requested anonymity in keeping with fire department protocol.A spokesperson for the United States embassy in Paris said the U.S. consulate in Marseille was in contact with French authorities about the attack investigation and the condition of the American women.U.S . authorities in France are not immediately commenting further on what happened to protect the privacy of the American tourists , embassy spokesperson Alex Daniels said.Marseille is a port city in southern France that is closer to Barcelona than Paris.In previous incidents in Marseille , a driver deliberately rammed into two bus stops last month , killing a woman , but officials said it was n't terror-related.In April , French police say they thwarted an imminent “ terror attack ” and arrested two suspected radicals in Marseille just days before the first round of France 's presidential election . Paris prosecutor Francois Molins told reporters the two suspects “ were getting ready to carry out an imminent , violent action ” on French territory.In January 2016 , a 15-year-old Turkish Kurd was arrested after attacking a Jewish teacher on a Marseille street . They told police they acted in the name of the Islamic State group .
Share . Here 's what we think will happen at Sony 's press conference in Germany . Here 's what we think will happen at Sony 's press conference in Germany .
Gamescom is nearly upon us . The massive games show -- Europe 's iteration of E3 , as it were -- attracted nearly 350,000 attendees in 2013 , and 2014 promises to be just as big , if not bigger . Indeed , Gamescom is starting to rival E3 in terms of stature and importance , something I witnessed firsthand when I attended the show in 2011 and 2013 .
Between those two years , not only did the show grow in size demonstrably , but so did Sony 's press conference , going from a room housing a couple hundred people in 2011 to a much bigger , E3-like presence two years later . Sony is the biggest publisher at Gamescom , and Europeans are taking to PlayStation 4 in particular . So we can certainly expect some pretty cool announcements at the PlayStation press conference , right ?
Below are five predictions for Sony 's press conference , slated to take place on Tuesday , August 12th .
1 . ) Until Dawn is Basically A Lock
Sony has so far released two videos -- one here and another here -- that , to me , are clearly teasing Until Dawn 's re-reveal at Gamescom . What 's Until Dawn , you ask ? It 's a long-in-development PlayStation-exclusive horror game originally scheduled to come to PlayStation 3 . Hell , I saw the game running with my own two eyes at New York Comic Con way back in 2012 , as someone from developer Supermassive moved through a section of the game using PlayStation Move .
Exit Theatre Mode
Following Until Dawn 's trademark leak right before Gamescom in 2012 , the game was officially revealed a week later . The studio working on the game confirmed to IGN that it was still in development as of May , 2013 , and Shuhei Yoshida themselves admitted it would be a good fit for Project Morpheus , Sony 's in-development PS4 VR headset .
So , you can pretty much lock this one in as far as I 'm concerned . Until Dawn will be re-revealed , it 's now a PlayStation 4 game ( sorry PS3 ! ) , and it 'll launch in 2015 . If you need any more evidence , simply consult Until Dawn 's trademark renewal or the fact that the game appeared on Gamescom 's website .
2 . ) Journey and The Unfinished Swan Revealed For PS4 ( and Maybe Vita )
Like the asupervisorstioned Until Dawn , Journey and The Unfinished Swan are almost certainly coming to PlayStation 4 . The same Sony-centric Gamescom website that outed Until Dawn 's appearance at the show also outed these two ports , which were marked for release on PS4 . But it goes even deeper than that , considering the Korean Game Ratings Board accidentally revealed The Unfinished Swan for PS4 and Vita . In other words , the evidence is pretty overwhelming .
Exit Theatre Mode
Do these games need to come to PlayStation 4 ? Not really . In fact , the PS3-to-PS4 ports are getting borderline lame at this point ( with the exception of The Last of Us : Remastered , which is required gaming ) . Still , Sony has n't been porting just any game from PS3 to PS4 . Sound Shapes , Flower , Flow , and Escape Plan ( the latter technically being a Vita game ) all made the migration very early in PS4 's lifecycle , so Journey and The Unfinished Swan -- arguably the best games of that bunch -- certainly belong in that esteemed group . I just wish Sony would come out with some new , bite-sized titles like these , instead of relying on their legacy . But I digress .
If you have n't played Journey or The Unfinished Swan , by the way , you 're totally missing out . Journey is an astounding and emotional game , and it won IGN 's 2012 Game of the Year Award as a result . As for The Unfinished Swan ? It was nominated for that same award and and lost , but it 's fantastic in its own right .
3 . ) Shahid Takes the Stage
Anyone who 's immersed in the PlayStation ecosystem knows exactly who Shahid Ahmad is . Indeed , he 's a bit of a folk hero with the PlayStation faithful , especially Vita loyalists hungry for new content . They work for Sony over in London as a Strategic Content Planner . In other words , their job is to get games to come to PlayStation platforms , and frankly , he 's done a really nice job so far ( even if a lot of people get frustrated with some of their Twitter teases ) .
Exit Theatre Mode
I was at Gamescom in 2013 when Ahmad triumphantly took the stage to reveal a litany of new games for PlayStation 4 , PlayStation 3 , and PlayStation Vita . At Eurogamer Expo a month later * , they literally threw money at the screen in a sign of solidarity with gamers who plead with Sony to just take their money already . So , I 'd fully expect that they take the stage again this year -- starting a little tradition in the process -- to reveal a new slew of indie games , solidifying Sony 's already ridiculously strong indie lineup .
What will they reveal ? That 's another story entirely . The indie landscape is vast and wide -- especially on PC -- so chances are we may have never heard of some of the games that are going to be revealed . Perhaps they 're off our radar completely . But revealed they will be , bolstering Sony 's lineup that 's strong on smaller downloadable titles and indie games , but quite weak when it comes to retail titles , especially exclusives from the first party . Which reminds me…
4 . ) Media Molecule or Guerrilla Games Will Reveal A PS4 Game ( But Not Both )
The reason a lot of people are so frustrated with the lack of major , triple-A first party exclusives on PlayStation 4 is simply because Sony commands a massive stable of fully-owned studios , perhaps the best group of one platform developers in the entire world . Yet , a lot of them have been pretty quiet . Guerrilla released Killzone : Shadow Fall at PS4 's launch , as did Japan Studio with Knack . Several months later , Sucker Punch dropped Infamous : Second Son , and Sony San Diego joined the fray with MLB 14 : The Show . But that 's it .
Exit Theatre Mode
Worse yet , the immediate future is looking pretty dire . Driveclub , after an extraordinary year-long delay , will come to PS4 by way of Evolution Studios ( remember , Driveclub was originally supposed to be a launch game ) . And in early 2015 , we get The Order : 1886 , a game that was also delayed ( and rightfully so ) , but also a game that 's not technically from a first party studio . Later in 2015 , we get the eagerly-awaited Uncharted 4 : A Thief 's End . That leaves Polyphony Digital , Sony Bend , Sony Santa Monica , Media Molecule , Guerrilla Games , and others silent . We know they 're working on PS4 games , we just do n't know what .
Something tells me the silence will be broken by Media Molecule or Guerrilla Games , but probably not both . Guerrilla Games may strike you as a weird choice , since Killzone : Shadow Fall just launched , but they have multiple teams and have been working on a new IP for years , possibly an open-world RPG . Media Molecule , on the other hand ? They do n't want to do LittleBigPlanet anymore . With LittleBigPlanet 3 under development at Sumo Digital , a majority of the studio has been focusing on a PS4 project first shown at the PS4 reveal while a smaller team made Tearaway for Vita . The studio recently teased the game in a self-deprecating sort of way . We have to be close , right ?
5 . ) A Minecraft PS4 and/or Vita Bundle Will Be Revealed
This seems like a no-brainer , right ? It was at Gamescom in 2013 when Minecraft for PlayStation was revealed , but in the year since , Minecraft has only come to PS3 , where it quickly sold over a million copies in very little time . The release of Minecraft on PS4 and Vita is probably imminent , and we know that both games are getting retail releases in addition to digital , which is a smart , smart move . But do you know what would be smarter ? Making Minecraft bundles for both PS4 and Vita .
Exit Theatre Mode
Minecraft is arguably the biggest game in the world . It seems that everywhere you look , someone is playing it , someone is talking about it , someone is obsessed with it . It 's a game that enraptures people , and for many , it 's the only game they play . The fact that the PS3 iteration managed to sell over a million copies so extremely late to the game is a promising sign that the market is n't totally saturated yet ( or that people are double-dipping ) , so imagine the possibilities of bundling Minecraft with hardware .
Indeed , Minecraft may prove to be PlayStation Vita 's salvation in particular . PlayStation 4 does n't exactly need help to sell , but Vita ? It needs all of the help it can get . More people need to understand just how great Sony 's fledgling handheld is , and putting it together with Minecraft is bound to get it in lots of people 's hands , especially those who might not in the PlayStation ecosystem already . Sony definitely needs to consider this , if they have n't already .
What do you think of our predictions ? And what are some of yours ? Let us know !
* - This article originally erroneously said that Shahid Ahmad threw money at the screen at Gamescom . They actually did it at Eurogamer Expo . The mistake has been corrected in the article above , and we apologize for the error .
Colin Moriarty is IGN 's Senior Editor . You can follow them on Twitter .
A new billboard tribute to late San Diego Chargers legend Junior Seau can now be seen off Interstate 5 in Oceanside .
According to our media partner the North County Times , the billboard is located south of Harbor Drive and reads : “ In Memoriam Junior Seau , Rest in Peace . ”
The billboard also boasts a black and white photograph of Seau playing football in their iconic No . 55 Chargers jersey with “ 1969-2012 ” written right below the image .
As of right now , it 's a mystery as to who put up the sign honoring Seau .
Celebration of Life at Qualcomm
The North County Times did speak with Seau 's cousin , Wayne Godinet , who said the Seau family does n't know who 's responsible for the recent roadside tribute .
“ We did n't even know that it was up , '' said Godinet . `` From what I saw when I passed it the first time , boom , it just came right at me . It 's larger than life . ''
Oceaside city manager Peter Weiss also does n't know much about the mysterious billboard other than the fact that it happens to coincide with Oceanside 's upcoming annual Samoan Cultural Festival .
Junior Seau : Through the Years
`` With the celebration of the Samoan Cultural Festival , it seems to make sense that someone put up a tribute to him , '' Weiss told the North County Times .
Follow NBCSanDiego for the latest news , weather , and events : iPad App | iPhone App | Android App | Facebook| Twitter | Google+ | Instagram | RSS | Text Alerts | Email Alerts
I went 4-0 with this deck on Friday and I 've since made a couple of changes to become this .
+1 Angel of Serenity
+1 Sigarda
-1 Azorius Charm
-1 Entreat the Angels
This deck is basically a UW Control deck splashing for a few cards .
Thragtusk is such a beating against a lot of decks in the format . It comes down , gains you life , and blocks two things . Late game you can just use Feeling of Dread to tap down their blocker and hit them for 5 a couple of times . It 's such a versatile card and I think any deck that is n't aiming for a turn 5 kills should be playing 4 Thragtusk .
Each win condition ( that is n't Thragtusk ) has its own benefits and flaws that make them all good and make me want them all in my deck .
Entreat the Angels is super powerful and probably will win the game when you untap with it , but is the most vulnerable .
Sigarda is really hard to kill , but slow and does n't impact the board . At 5 , it also does a halfway decent Thragtusk impression to come down and block something .
Angel of Serenity impacts the board incredibly and gives you insane amounts of card advantage , but still just dies to a Dread Bore . It 's also 2 more manas than Sigarda .
Any thoughts are welcome .
Manchester United have been the dominant force since the Premier League 's inception in 1992 .
The Red Devils won 13 titles and two Champions Leagues under their long-serving manager Sir Alex Ferguson .
The likes of Arsenal , Chelsea and most recently Manchester City have challenged United in several seasons since the Premier League began , winning eight titles between them , but when in charge , Ferguson always rebuilt their squad , ensuring that the Red Devils bounced back from the odd indifferent campaign .
Ferguson , who in the 2010-11 season overhauled Liverpool 's record of 18 league titles by helping United to their 19th , retired in May 2013 after 27 years in the job . Their replacement David Moyes lasted a year before being succeeded by Dutchman Louis van Gaal .
Since Ferguson left , the United board and their supporters have realized just what a hard act the Scot is to follow . The Moyes reign was short lived , the magnitude of the job too much for the former Everton boss .
Even the experienced Van Gaal , a man with seemingly limitless confidence in their own ability , has struggled . The slow , laborious style of play has left fans dissatisfied and yearning for the days of Ferguson .
United is no longer the dominant force they once were and , for some , that is taking some getting used to .
Quick Facts About Manchester United
Founded : 1878
1878 Home Ground ( Capacity ) : Old Trafford ( 76,212 )
Old Trafford ( 76,212 ) Nickname : The Red Devils
The Red Devils Home Colors : Red and White
Red and White Top Goalscorer All-Time : Bobby Charlton
Bobby Charlton First Division/Premier League Titles : ( 20 ) 1907–08 , 1910–11 , 1951–52 , 1955–56 , 1956–57 , 1964–65 , 1966–67 , 1992-93 , 1993–94 , 1995–96 , 1996–97 , 1998–99 , 1999–2000 , 2000–01 , 2002–03 , 2006–07 , 2007–08 , 2008–09 , 2010-11 , 2012-13
( 20 ) 1907–08 , 1910–11 , 1951–52 , 1955–56 , 1956–57 , 1964–65 , 1966–67 , 1992-93 , 1993–94 , 1995–96 , 1996–97 , 1998–99 , 1999–2000 , 2000–01 , 2002–03 , 2006–07 , 2007–08 , 2008–09 , 2010-11 , 2012-13 FA Cup Titles : ( 11 ) 1909 , 1948 , 1963 , 1977 , 1983 , 1985 , 1990 , 1994 , 1996 , 1999 , 2004
( 11 ) 1909 , 1948 , 1963 , 1977 , 1983 , 1985 , 1990 , 1994 , 1996 , 1999 , 2004 League Cup Titles : ( 4 ) : 1991–92 , 2005–06 , 2008–09 , 2009–10
( 4 ) : 1991–92 , 2005–06 , 2008–09 , 2009–10 European Cup/Champions League Titles : ( 3 ) 1967–68 , 1998–99 , 2007–08
( 3 ) 1967–68 , 1998–99 , 2007–08 European Cup Winners ' Cup : ( 1 ) 1990–91
( 1 ) 1990–91 UEFA Super Cup : ( 1 ) 1991
( 1 ) 1991 Intercontinental Cup : ( 1 ) 1999
( 1 ) 1999 FIFA Club World Cup : ( 1 ) 2008
The Team
Current Manager : Louis van Gaal
Louis van Gaal Top Goalscorer 2014-2015 : Wayne Rooney ( 14 in all competitions )
Wayne Rooney ( 14 in all competitions ) Captain : Wayne Rooney
Wayne Rooney 2014-2015 League Finish : 4th
Manchester United Squad
1 De Gea , 4 Jones , 5 Rojo , 7 Depay , 8 Mata , 9 Martial , 10 Rooney ( c ) , 11 Januzaj , 12 Smalling , 16 Carrick , 17 Blind , 18 Young , 20 Romero , 21 Herrera , 23 Shaw , 25 Valencia , 27 Fellaini , 28 Schneiderlin , 30 Varela , 31 Schweinsteiger , 33 McNair , 34 Henderson , 35 Lingard , 36 Darmian , 37 Love , 38 Tuanzebe , 39 Rashford , 40 J. Pereira , 41 Poole , 43 Borthwick-Jackson , 44 A. Pereira , 45 Goss , 46 Rothwell , 47 Weir , 48 Keane , 49 Riley , 50 Johnstone , 51 Fosu-Mensah
History
The club was formed as Newton Heath L & YR F.C in 1878 but changed its name to Manchester United in 1902 .
The Red Devils won their first title in 1908 , but it was not until the 1950s , and after the great Sir Matt Busby had taken over as manager , that the club enjoyed its first period of sustained success .
They steered the club to three championships over the decade , and United also became the first English club to compete in the European Cup , where they lost in the semi-finals to Real Madrid in 1957 .
The club endured its darkest day in 1958 when the plane carrying the team home from a European match crashed , killing eight players in a tragedy known as the Munich air disaster .
Busby , who survived the crash along with arguably the club 's greatest ever player Sir Bobby Charlton , rebuilt the team . A side featuring the dazzling George Best and Denis Law won two league titles in the 60s , before claiming their maiden European Cup , defeating Benfica in the1968 final .
After Busby resigned in 1969 , no manager came close to emulating their success until Ferguson arrived in 86 . After reportedly coming within one defeat of losing their job in 1990 , Ferguson built a dynasty at Old Trafford and the club has now won more league titles than Liverpool .
by
The decision by Lowe 's , behemoth chain of retail home improvement and appliance stores , to pull its ads from TLC 's reality TV show “ All American Muslim , ” ceded to the bigotry , fear-mongering and paranoia of a deluded minority whose divisive ideology poisons America 's cherished history of inclusiveness and pluralism .
However , in doing so , they unwittingly inspired a sudden grassroots coalition of diverse Americans dedicated to defending American values and fighting back against hate .
In lieu of an embarrassed apology or even a firm statement based on conviction and principle , Lowe 's wish-washy defense claimed the company had received messages from a “ broad spectrum of customers ” and the show had transformed into a “ lightening rod for people to voice complaints from a variety of perspectives . ”
As for this “ broad spectrum ” of complaints , Lowe 's simply capitulated to an email campaign initiated by The Florida Family Association [ FFA ] , a conservative non-profit organization based in Tampa Bay , who wrote , “ [ All-American Muslim ] profiles only Muslims that appear to be ordinary folks while excluding many Islamic believers whose agenda poses a clear and present danger to liberties and traditional values that the majority of Americans cherish . ”
The organization alleges more than 60 companies , such as McDonald 's and Amazon , have responded to its email and pulled their ads . So far Lowe 's , and the online travel site kayak.com , are the only companies to confirm doing so .
The FFA also attempted to boycott Target for running ads during the high school drama Degrassi , which according to them , allegedly “ affirms and promotes the homosexual and transgender lifestyle and other inappropriate behavior to an audience of millions of young teens and children . ”
Apparently , the FFA protects American families and conservative values by channel surfing and religiously auditing cable channels . Their contribution to the American economy and free-market capitalism must be the boost they give to the Tivo and DVR industry .
One prays that Jesus , upon their resurrection , will force them to appear on the reality TV show Intervention and interrogate them as to why they squandered their time , energy and resources watching TV and recklessly promoting anti-Muslim and anti-gay bigotry instead of helping the poor or attempting to love and understand their neighbors .
Until such an intervention , the FFA seems determined to bind itself to America 's lucrative Islamophobia network , including professional hate monger Pamela Geller , who blogged the show “ is an attempt to manipulate Americans into ignoring the threat of jihad. ” David Horowitz 's Front Page Magazine compared Muslims to Nazis and furthermore theorized the show 's sole purpose is to initiate stealth propaganda to promote a “ submission to Islam through the hijab . ”
According to these Islamophobes , the show 's most unforgivable crime is portraying the lives of five , Muslim Arab American families in Dearborn , Michigan as average and normal citizens . They would rather promote the usual assortment of caricatures stereotyping 1.5 billion Muslims as an enraged horde of bearded , anti-Western Orcs ideologically triggered to destroy American values by blowing up Dunkin ' Donuts , slaughtering Porky Pig , and drafting Kim Kardashian to concubinage .
The show 's radical , anti-American jihadist characters include a federal agent whose wife is expecting their first child ; a dedicated football coach who was invited by President Obama to the annual White House iftar dinner ; a tattooed , country-music loving Arab American rebel married to a white Irish Catholic ; a couple struggling with infertility ; and , a dyed-blonde , ambitious female entrepreneur who wants to start their own nightclub .
Sounds just like the CVs of your average Al-Qaeda recruits .
Without a hint of self-awareness , Lowe 's fails to recognize they galvanized this non-issue overnight into a “ lightening rod ” of international controversy due to their egregiously short-sighted decision to pull their ads and side with bigots .
It would be understandable if Lowes succumbed to the unrelenting pressure of Islamophobia supervillains , such as Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer 's hate group , “ Stop Islamization of American ” which recently attempted to promote bus ads comparing Muslims to “ savages. ” Losing to them occasionally is part of the perpetual struggle between well intentioned , tolerant Americans and bigots who profit from hate-mongering . Even Spider-Man draws a tie with the Green Goblin once in a while .
But Loew 's succumbing to The Florida Family Association is like throwing in the towel to a fringe , third rate , comic book villain who serves as a one issue filler , such as The Rhino or Hammerhead . They 're the Islamophobic equivalents of Star Trek ensigns who crash-land on mysterious planets with Captain Kirk only to be eaten by an alien after muttering two syllables : “ Oh no ! ” They are best ignored and forgotten .
In fact , FFA 's website – before it was taken down – looked like it was a created by a 14 year using their spare hour in between Bible studies and illegally downloading porn .
FFA 's executive director , David Canton , claims the website is the subject of a hacking attempt , audaciously portraying their group as the victim . “ No further proof is needed of the potential for vicious action then exactly what these folks are trying to do to this web site ! …Because of our real concern for the terrorism that is a way of life for some folks , we ourselves have become victims . ”
If Lowe 's actions set a precedent , then all one needs to ban shows that humanize a marginalized group of Americans is a fringe , paranoid individual who creates a shoddy website and sends one email to corporate sponsors .
But Lowe 's shameful action has created a positive externality which will hopefully serve as a precedent and bulwark against future attempts at diving Americans along religious and racial lines .
Overnight , a spontaneous , grassroots endeavor , primarily initiated by social media networks , has emerged to boycott Lowe 's for succumbing to Islamophobes . A petition entitled “ Defend Our American Values ” is asking signers to “ stand up for our American values , and fight back against bigotry and fear-mongering , by publicly repudiating calls to stop advertising during TLC 's ‘ All-American Muslim ' ” It currently has over 30,000 signatures .
These sentiments have been supported by a multicultural “ coalition of the willing ” including California state Senator Ted Lieu , actor Mia Farrow , Mayor Cory Booker , Rabbi Marc Schneier , chairperson of the World Jewish Congress , and hip hop mogul Russell Simmons , who bought all the remaining ads on the show in an act of solidarity , and remarked , “ This country is built on religious freedom . This is the kind of hate that tears this country apart . ”
Even more surprisingly , this protest has united the most diverse religious community in America , Muslims , in a coordinated campaign to effectively and intelligently respond to a fear-mongering . As a Muslim American , I can assure readers Muslims can not agree on anything , except how much we dislike other Muslims , and how there 's never enough parking spaces at the mosque .
Only last week , Muslim American communities were immersed in petty debates over whether or not to support the show , with some claiming it represented a positive milestone and others deriding it for not featuring more ethnicities or being reflective of their personal practice of Islam .
Essentially , we are witnessing an expanding notion of “ big tent American Islam ” where diverse Muslim American communities and organizations are uniting to defend the show and its characters – including a hijab-less , tattooed , skirted , Shia woman – in the face of oppressive Islamophobia .
The attempt of Islamophobes to divide Americans and marginalize Muslims has instead empowered diverse religious , ethnic and political communities to combat hate and bigotry . The irony is almost as delicious as hummus as tahini , which is now conveniently sold at Whole Foods throughout the nation . ( Score another victory for the Muslim Agenda . )
It 's a shame that Lowe 's risks losing the support of American Muslims , a community with a purchasing power of $ 12bn .
The old , American joke used to begin : “ A Rabbi , a priest and an imam walked into the bar… ”
Due to Lowes ' misguided actions , the story now reads , “ A rabbi , a hip hop mogul , elected officials , and Muslim American communities walked out of Lowe 's and into Home Depot and Target . ”
I guess the joke is on Lowe 's .
Wajahat Ali is a playwright , attorney , journalist and humorist . They blog at Goatmilk and is the author of the award-winning Domestic Crusaders . They are a contributor to Hopeless : Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion , forthcoming from AK Press .
The real divide in politics pits the people who think government looks like The West Wing against the people who think it looks like Yes , Minister . The soaring principles of The West Wing did sometimes turn up in Yes , Minister ( and its sequel , Yes , Prime Minister ) , but by the end of each half-hour they had usually been buried in a committee or snuffed out in a seedy bargain . The result may not have been an inspiring vision of good government , but it was one of the wittiest TV shows of the 1980s ; this week , sadly , saw the death of Antony Jay , the British broadcaster who co-created and co-wrote it .
Jay was a man of the right ; their writing partner , Jonathan Lynn , hailed from the left . They nonetheless worked well together , perhaps because the specific policies that popped up on their two shows barely mattered . Yes , Minister and Yes , Prime Minister aired their share of topical jokes , and sometimes they expressed explicit political preferences ( usually but not always libertarian-leaning ) . But the heart of both programs was n't any particular policy agenda . It was the underlying mechanics of government : the ways a bureaucracy perpetuates itself and the places a reform can go to die .
The setup was simple : A somewhat well-meaning but basically spineless politician takes command of the Department of Administrative Affairs , and the department does everything it can to keep them from changing anything . ( Yes , Prime Minister kept the basic formula in place , but now they had the entire British government to deal with . ) Early in the first show 's run , the viewer is primed to sympathize with the minister and to cheer their occasional reformist victories , but with time they come to represent a different sort of social malady—a man willing to do virtually anything for votes and publicity , just as the bureaucrats they lock horns with are willing to do virtually anything to maintain the status quo . The two shows ' 38 episodes , which ran from 1980 to 1988 , sometimes feel like a public-choice textbook in sitcom form , with characters happy to spell out the venal rationales for everything they do .
That may sound didactic , and I suppose it was ; with another cast the shows might not have worked at all . ( A recent attempt to revive the franchise with new actors was a bust . ) Fortunately , Jay and Lynn had a terrific cast , particularly Paul Eddington as the bumbling minister and Nigel Hawthorne as their Machiavellian sparring partner from the civil service . Hawthorne could make the most didactic dialogue into something musical , and Eddington 's facial expressions alone could be as funny as the shows ' sharpest lines . The two actors had perfect chemistry , even if their characters did n't .
Below you 'll find `` The Challenge , '' a Yes , Minister episode that originally aired in November 1982 . It 's solid throughout , but I picked it because it includes one of my favorite scenes in the series , in which Hawthorne explains to Eddington the real reason Britain has nuclear weapons . You should watch the whole thing , but if you just want to see that exchange , it runs from the 11:35 mark to about 12:30 . It 's not just a funny moment in itself , but a setup for the funniest moment of all , which comes shortly after 15:30 :
( For past installments of the Friday A/V Club , go here . )
• Wenger : ‘ The thinking was that we had to be more direct ' • Jürgen Klopp delighted win over Arsenal puts Liverpool back in top four
Arsène Wenger claimed the decision to leave Alexis Sánchez out of their starting lineup at Anfield was in order to facilitate a more direct approach , before accepting the gamble did not work .
“ The thinking was that we had to go more direct , to use players who are strong in the air , ” the Arsenal manager explained . “ I have no regrets , except that we lost the game . I do n't deny Alexis Sánchez is a good player , I bought him , and it was not an easy decision to leave them out , but I have to stand by it . I am strong enough and lucid enough to analyse the impact . ”
Alexis Sánchez the substitute symbolises Arsenal 's decade of sorry stagnation | Jonathan Wilson Read more
The impact was that Arsenal were poor in the first half and improved when Sánchez came on . “ We lacked pace in the first half , we were not at the races , ” Wenger admitted . When it was pointed out to them that Arsenal had not been very direct either , creating no chances before half-time , Wenger admitted their strategy had backfired .
“ We did try to go direct , by which I mean I wanted the goalkeeper to kick it straight to the strikers , ” they said .
“ But you are right , we did n't make any chances , and we did n't make enough of our corners . ”
Against all expectations Wenger appears to be turning into a version of Sam Allardyce , though they sounded more like their usual self when complaining that some refereeing decisions had gone against their side , particularly when Emre Can escape a second yellow for bringing down substitute Theo Walcott in the second half .
“ We were unlucky with some decisions in the second half , ” Wenger said . “ I did not seek explanations from the referee because explanations will not change the result . ”
Liverpool bounce back into form with spirited victory over listless Arsenal Read more
Jürgen Klopp was delighted with the result and a move back into the Premier League top four after what they described as one of their worst weeks as a football manager . “ I have been 17 years a manager , and trying to get over the defeat at Leicester led to one of the worst training experiences in my life , ” Klopp said . “ We had a bad defeat , so many bad performances , and there were a few hard words at the training ground , but I said to the boys that at some point we had to finish the Leicester game , put it behind us and start to go again , and hopefully we have done that with this win .
“ We were spot-on from the first second of the game and that was pleasing . We were much better than Arsenal in the first half and we could have scored more . I do n't like the fact that inconsistency seems to be part of the deal at the moment , but usually with that you lose games against the bigger teams . We seem to have chosen another way . ”
Montgomery County Police released surveillance video that shows a young boy trying to prevent an armed robbery at a GameStop store in Silver Spring , Md . on May 20 . The two robbers made off with cash . No one was seriously injured . ( Montgomery County Police )
Montgomery County Police released surveillance video that shows a young boy trying to prevent an armed robbery at a GameStop store in Silver Spring , Md . on May 20 . The two robbers made off with cash . No one was seriously injured . ( Montgomery County Police )
“ I need my son ! ” the man said , crouching in a store in Silver Spring where a masked robber pointed a gun at them and their wife .
At that moment , their elementary-school-age son was in a different part of the store , delivering two left hooks to a second armed robber . The boy had come into the store with their parents to look for stuffed animals .
Montgomery County Police on Wednesday released surveillance video of the terrifying heist in hopes someone would recognize the robbers .
The robbery occurred inside the GameStop store at 10100 Colesville Road just before 9 p.m. Friday . The pair of robbers also pointed their guns at two clerks and stole cash . No one was seriously injured .
In an interview Wednesday , the father recalled the events . Because the robbers are at large and for their son 's privacy , they did not want to be identified .
The parents of a young boy who tried to stop an armed robbery at a GameStop store in Silver Spring , Md . on May 20 talk about the ordeal . ( WUSA )
But they spoke out because they said they want the crime solved , in part , so they can tell their son the robbers have been caught .
“ It 's important for me to be able to say to him : ‘ They 're not going to do this to anyone else , ' ” they said .
The following narrative is based on police officials , the video and the father 's comments .
Early in the evening , the father — who is in their 40s , lives in Silver Spring and works as a government affairs consultant — their wife and their son went to the boy 's soccer practice . They also play basketball and baseball .
After going home for a change of clothes , the family headed to dinner at a Japanese restaurant .
During the meal , the boy kept talking about the stuffed animals for sale at the nearby GameStop , which specializes in video games . The animal they were focused on is a “ Yoshi , ” a turtle-dinosaur looking creature connected to Super Mario and other video games . The boy told their parents their friends had been talking about the Yoshis at GameStop .
After dinner , the family went to the store , where the boy picked a Yoshi out of a bin and carried it as their parents shopped for a gift to bring to a birthday party .
Suddenly , the two gunmen burst in . Video shows them walking past the child and toward the counter .
There , they ordered the father and their wife to the floor . It was then that the father asked for their son .
One assailant approached the boy . The video shows the boy trying to resist the man .
“ He punched him , ” the dad said . “ Two left hooks while holding the Yoshi doll . ”
The assailant forced the boy to go to their parents . The child got on the floor . The father wrapped their arms around their son and their wife .
“ I 'm just grateful we were together , as a family , at that moment , ” the man said . “ It was a terrifying situation . You just want to grab them and hold them tight to you , and you want it to end , quickly . ”
Within minutes , the gunmen were gone .
The father said their son understands enough : That the guns were real , that someone could have lost their lives .
“ We 're proud that they are a strong , brave young boy , ” the father said .
The manager of the shop gave their son the Yoshi doll , which the boy carries around their home .
“ He feels like it 's being protected , ” the father said .
Police described the robbers as black men in their 20s , both about 5 feet 6 inches tall and 170 pounds . They were wearing black hooded sweatshirts , black pants , gloves and masks .
Police said that anyone with information about the crime should call 240-773-5070 . Those who wish to remain anonymous or be eligible for a reward of up to $ 10,000 can call 866-411-TIPS ( 8477 ) .
Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore , known for their fiercely religious beliefs , railed against the Supreme Court ruling on gay marriage and declared , “ Welcome to the new world . ”
“ It 's just changed for you Christians , ” they declared to a church congregation yesterday . “ It 's the time now where you 're going to be persecuted , according to the United States Supreme Court . ”
They went off on the damage done to religious liberty and asked , “ Is there such a thing as morality anymore ? … Have we elevated morality to immorality ? Do we call good ‘ bad ' ? What are we Christians to do ? ”
And Moore , of course , is doing all they can to fight back against the Supreme Court ruling , with an order they said means no state probate judge “ has to issue a marriage license to a same-sex couple . ”
Watch videos of Moore 's comments below , via WIAT and AL.com :
[ h/t Salon ]
[ image via screengrab ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Yemen : British police to investigate alleged Saudi war crimes in Yemen ; Saudi-led coalition destroys explosive boats near al Hudaydah port ; AQAP runs public institutions in Taiz city ; U.S. and coalition airstrikes target AQAP in southern and eastern Yemen ; AQAP leader encourages Yemenis to fight U.S. ; AQAP and ISIS claim attacks on al Houthi-Saleh forces in central Yemen ; Hadi government forces advance toward Midi city in northwestern Yemen
Horn of Africa : Al Shabaab militants seize Elbur town in Galgudud region , central Somalia ; al Shabaab militants conduct multiple attacks against AMISOM forces near Afgoi town , Lower Shabelle region ; Somali security forces arrest 100 suspects in connection to Mogadishu assassinations
Yemen Security Brief
The British Counterterrorism Command , the intelligence branch of London 's Metropolitan Police Service , will open an investigation into alleged war crimes committed by Saudi Arabia in Yemen . British protesters confronted Saudi-led coalition spokesperson Major General Ahmed Asiri in London and accused the coalition of war crimes on March 31 . Saudi Defense Minister and Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman called British Foreign Minister Boris Johnson to request an apology for the protests on April 1 . Anti-al Houthi media reported that Johnson apologized and offered to open an investigation into the physical altercation between a British protester and Asiri . British Prime Minister Theresa May will visit Saudi Arabia on April 4 to promote a better trade relationship between the two countries . [ 1 ]
The Saudi-led coalition destroyed several al Houthi-Saleh explosive boats near al Hudaydah port in the Red Sea on April 1 . The Emirati newspaper al Khaleej reported that the coalition destroyed the boats before they could reach their targets . Al Houthi-Saleh forces attacked a Saudi frigate with a remote-controlled explosive on January 30 , killing two Saudi sailors . [ 2 ]
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) militants are running the Republic Hospital , police stations , and other public institutions in Taiz city , according to a report from Middle East Eye . AQAP maintains a strong military presence in eastern Taiz city . Hadi government forces attempted to take control of the Republic Hospital on April 2 but fled after gunmen guarding the hospital open fired . [ 3 ]
Reported U.S. and coalition warplanes bombed AQAP militants in southern and eastern Yemen between March 31 and April 3 . A reported U.S. airstrike targeted AQAP militants in Mudiyah district , northern Abyan governorate , southern Yemen , on March 31 and April 1 . Tribal leaders from Mudiyah denounced the airstrikes . They claimed that the strikes did not hit any AQAP militants and called on the Hadi government to take on responsibility for counterterrorism operations in the district . Preachers in Mudiyah mosques delivered anti-U.S. sermons on April 1 . Saudi-led coalition warplanes struck an AQAP vehicle near Ataq city , central Shabwah governorate , southern Yemen , on April 2 . Reported U.S. airstrikes targeted AQAP militants in al Mahfad district , northeastern Abyan governorate , and al Mukalla city , Hadramawt governorate , on April 3 . [ 4 ]
AQAP 's al Malahem Media Foundation released a speech from senior AQAP official Khaled Bin Omar Batarfi titled “ The Obligation to Fight ” on April 2 . Batarfi stated that the U.S. is waging war on all Muslims and called on Yemenis to rally to AQAP 's cause . Batarfi reiterated previous AQAP statements on AQAP 's role in defending Sunnis in al Bayda governorate . They warned that al Houthi-Saleh forces could attack Ma'rib and Shabwah governorates if they seize al Bayda . Batarfi also called on preachers and supporters to incite jihad and expose the U.S . online . [ 5 ]
The Islamic State of Iraq and al Sham ( ISIS ) Wilayat al Bayda and AQAP militants participated in the fight against al Houthi-Saleh forces in al Bayda governorate , central Yemen . AQAP militants claimed to kill al Houthi-Saleh forces in Zahir , southern al Bayda governorate on April 1 . ISIS Wilayat al Bayda claimed to clash with al Houthi-Saleh forces in western al Bayda governorate on April 2 . AQAP and ISIS fight alongside tribal militias against al Houthi-Saleh forces in central Yemen . [ 6 ]
Forces loyal to Yemeni President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi claimed to seize Midi Hospital and an al Houthi-Saleh government office in northwestern Hajjah governorate on April 2 . The Yemeni Army 's Second Brigade advanced to just over one mile from Midi city , an al Houthi-Saleh stronghold near Yemen 's northwestern coast . Yemeni Armed Forces Spokesman Brigadier General Abdu Abdullah Majali stated on April 3 that Hadi government forces in Midi district captured al Houthi-Saleh fighters who received training from Lebanese and Iranian military advisors . [ 7 ]
Horn of Africa Security Brief
Al Shabaab militants seized Elbur town in Galgudud region in central Somalia on April 3 . The militants seized the town after Ethiopian African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) troops withdrew beginning on March 27 . Ethiopian AMISOM troops also withdrew from Elaheley and Dhusamareb towns in Galgudud region on March 27 . Ethiopia withdrew at least 3,000 AMISOM troops from Bakool and Hiraan regions in south-central Somalia between September and November 2016 in response to domestic unrest . Al Shabaab seized at least six towns in the wake of Ethiopian withdrawal in 2016 . [ 8 ]
Al Shabaab conducted multiple attacks against AMISOM forces near Afgoi town in southern Somalia on April 1 . Al Shabaab militants ambushed an AMISOM convoy with an improvised explosive device ( IED ) along the road between Awdheegle and Shalanbod , located 30 miles west of Afgoi . The attack killed four AMISOM soldiers . Al Shabaab militants ambushed another AMISOM convoy with an IED in the KM-50 area , located 15 miles southwest of Afgoi . The attack caused no casualties . Al Shabaab militants also fired mortar shells at an AMISOM base in Lego village in Bay region , located 60 miles northwest of Afgoi . The militants attempted to storm the base after firing mortar shells . AMISOM forces repulsed the attack and did not report any casualties . Al Shabaab frequently targets AMISOM and Somali National Army ( SNA ) forces in Afgoi town and surrounding areas in order to degrade Somali security capabilities outside Mogadishu . [ 9 ]
Somali security forces arrested at least 100 people in Hawl Wadag and Warta Nabada districts of Mogadishu on April 3 . Somali police Captain Mohamed Hussein said the arrests were related to a wave of assassinations conducted by al Shabaab militants in recent months . Al Shabaab has killed dozens of pro-government clan elders , Somali intelligence officers , and government officials in the capital since January 2017 . [ 10 ]
“ Alliance frustrates the deployment of Houthi bomb boats in the Red Sea , ” al Khaleej Newspaper , April 2 , 2017 ,
“ 'We have to obey them ' : Al-Qaeda increases its power in Yemen 's Taiz city , ” Middle East Eye , March 29 , 2017 ,
“ Urgent : air raid in Abyan western Mudiyah , ” Aden Tomorrow , March 31 , 2017 ,
“ AQAP official calls for steadfastness in Yemen , support from media workers in speech , ” SITE , April 2 , 2017 ,
AQAP claims to kill al Houthi-Saleh forces in Zahir , southern al Bayda , Telegram , April 1 , 2017 ; “ # Yemen : 12 al Houthis killed in confrontations with the Islamic State fighters in the area Qayfa area , al Bayda , ” Dawaal Haq , April 2 , 2017 ; “ Seven al Houthis killed in Popular Resistance ambush in the al Rawdah area of ​​al Bayda governorate , ” al Masdar , April 3 , 2017 ,
“ National Army controls the government buildings in Midi and starts combing for mines , ” Aden Lange , April 2 , 2017 ,
“ Al Shabaab seizes Somali town after AU troops ' pullout , ” Garowe Online , April 3 , 2017 ,
“ Roadside bomb targets AMISOM convoy near Afgoi town , ” Garowe Online , April 1 , 2017 ,
“ Nearly 100 suspects arrested in Mogadishu security sweep , ” Garowe Online , April 3 , 2017 , [ 1 ] Josh Halliday and Anushka Asthana , “ Met police look at allegations of Saudi war crimes in Yemen , ” The Guardian , April 2 , 2017 , https : //www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/02/met-police-examine-allegations-saudi-arabia-war-crimes-yemen ; “ Saudi Crown Prince : “ The alliance in Yemen continues to deliver the facts to the world , ” Aden Lange , April 2 , 2017 , http : //adnlng.com/news/65816/ ; “ Britain apologizes to Saudi Arabia after an attempt on Major General Asiri in London , ” Aden Tomorrow , April 2 , 2017 , http : //adenghd.net/news/252314/ ; and Jamie Merrill , “ Theresa May to visit Saudi Arabia in post-Brexit trade push , ” Middle East Eye , April 2 , 2017 , http : //www.middleeasteye.net/news/theresa-may-visit-saudi-arabia-post-brexit-trade-push-530464282 [ 2 ] “ Alliance frustrates the deployment of Houthi bomb boats in the Red Sea , ” al Khaleej Newspaper , April 2 , 2017 , http : //www.alkhaleej.ae/alkhaleej/page/da84a1e2-118c-4eef-ab8e-7da285e22367 [ 3 ] “ 'We have to obey them ' : Al-Qaeda increases its power in Yemen 's Taiz city , ” Middle East Eye , March 29 , 2017 , http : //www.middleeasteye.net/news/yemen-war-al-qaeda-trying-take-control-taiz-city-730077656 ; and “ Gunmen in charge of the Republic hospital in Taiz refuse to hand over protection of the hospital , ” al Masdar , April 2 , 2017 , http : //www.almasdaronline.com/article/90080 [ 4 ] “ Urgent : air raid in Abyan western Mudiyah , ” Aden Tomorrow , March 31 , 2017 , http : //adengad.net/news/252123/ ; “ Launched an airstrike by an unmanned drone over the city Mudiyah in Abyan , ” Aden Lang , April 1 , 2017 , http : //adnlng.com/news/65709/ ; “ Abyan sheikhs in Mudiyah deliver an important statement on the US strikes , ” Aden Lang , April 1 , 2017 , http : //adnlng.com/news/65737/ ; “ Urgent : Arab Coalition warplanes bombed al Qaeda positions in Shabwah , ” Aden Lang , April 2 , 2017 http : //adnlng.com/news/65780/ ; “ Urgent : air strikes targeting the headquarters of a meeting of the leaders of al Qaeda north of Ataq , ” Aden Lang , April 2 , 2017 , http : //adnlng.com/news/65783/ ; Dr. Elisabeth Kendall , Twitter , April 1 , 2017 , https : //twitter.com/Dr_E_Kendall/status/848233244508213249 ; “ Urgent : US planes re-fly in Abyan , targeting the city Mahfad , ” Aden Lang , April 3 , 2017 , http : //adnlng.com/news/65851/ ; and “ Our correspondent : US drone targeted elements of al Qaeda in Hadramawt , ” Aden Lang , April 3 , 2017 , http : //adnlng.com/news/65853/ [ 5 ] “ AQAP official calls for steadfastness in Yemen , support from media workers in speech , ” SITE , April 2 , 2017 , https : //ent.siteintelgroup.com/Jihadist-News/aqap-official-calls-for-steadfastness-in-yemen-support-from-media-workers-in-speech.html [ 6 ] AQAP claims to kill al Houthi-Saleh forces in Zahir , southern al Bayda , Telegram , April 1 , 2017 ; “ # Yemen : 12 al Houthis killed in confrontations with the Islamic State fighters in the area Qayfa area , al Bayda , ” Dawaal Haq , April 2 , 2017 ; “ Seven al Houthis killed in Popular Resistance ambush in the al Rawdah area of ​​al Bayda governorate , ” al Masdar , April 3 , 2017 , http : //almasdaronline.com/article/90084 [ 7 ] “ National Army controls the government buildings in Midi and starts combing for mines , ” Aden Lange , April 2 , 2017 , http : //adnlng.com/news/65821/ ; and “ Houthi prisoners acknowledge receiving training at the hands of Iranian experts , ” Aden Lange , April 3 , 2017 , http : //adnlng.com/news/65876/ [ 8 ] “ Al Shabaab seizes Somali town after AU troops ' pullout , ” Garowe Online , April 3 , 2017 , http : //www.garoweonline.com/en/news/somalia/somalia-al-shabaab-seizes-somali-town-after-au-troops-pullout ; and Colin Lahiff , “ Ethiopian AMISOM Withdrawals , ” Critical Threats Project , November 4 , 2016 , https : //www.criticalthreats.org/analysis/ethiopian-amisom-withdrawals [ 9 ] “ Roadside bomb targets AMISOM convoy near Afgoi town , ” Garowe Online , April 1 , 2017 , http : //www.garoweonline.com/en/news/somalia/somalia-roadside-bomb-targets-amisom-convoy-near-afgoye-town ; “ Al Shabaab fires mortars at AMISOM base in Lego , ” Shabelle News , April 2 , 2017 , http : //www.shabellenews.com/2017/04/al-shabaab-fires-mortars-at-amisom-base-in-leego/ [ 10 ] “ Nearly 100 suspects arrested in Mogadishu security sweep , ” Garowe Online , April 3 , 2017 , http : //www.garoweonline.com/en/news/somalia/somalia-nearly-100-suspects-arrested-in-mogadishu-security-sweep
View Citations
San Francisco
MEDICARE has suddenly taken center stage in American politics , with Democrats now trying to score an advantage from the unpopularity of the Republican plan to overhaul the government health insurance program . Apart from the politics , though , Medicare 's financing challenges are worsening : this month , Medicare 's trustees projected that the insurance program would become insolvent by 2024 , five years earlier than previously estimated .
Much has been said about the growing gap between the program 's spending and revenues — a gap that will widen as baby boomers retire — but little attention has been focused on a problem staring us in the face : Medicare spends a fortune each year on procedures that have no proven benefit and should not be covered . Examples abound :
 Medicare pays for routine screening colonoscopies in patients over 75 even though the United States Preventive Services Task Force , an independent panel of experts financed by the Department of Health and Human Services , advises against them ( and against any colonoscopies for patients over 85 ) , because it takes at least eight years to realize any benefits from the procedure . Moreover , colonoscopies carry risks of serious complications ( like perforations ) and often lead to further unnecessary procedures ( like biopsies ) . In 2009 , Medicare paid doctors more than $ 100 million for nearly 550,000 screening colonoscopies ; around 40 percent were for patients over 75 .
 The task force recommends against screening for prostate cancer in men 75 and older , and screening for cervical cancer in women 65 and older who have had a previous normal Pap smear , but Medicare spent more than $ 50 million in 2008 on such screenings , as well as additional money on unnecessary procedures that often follow .
 Two recent randomized trials found that patients receiving two popular procedures for vertebral fractures , kyphoplasty and vertebroplasty , experienced no more relief than those receiving a sham procedure . Besides being ineffective , these procedures carry considerable risks . Nevertheless , Medicare pays for 100,000 of these procedures a year , at a cost of around $ 1 billion .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
 Multiple clinical trials have shown that cardiac stents are no more effective than drugs or lifestyle changes in preventing heart attacks or death . Although some studies have shown that stents provide short-term relief of chest pain , up to 30 percent of patients receiving stents have no chest pain to begin with , and thus derive no more benefit from this invasive procedure than from equally effective and far less expensive medicines . Risks associated with stent implantation , meanwhile , include exposure to radiation and to dyes that can damage the kidneys , and in rare cases , death from the stent itself . Yet one study estimated that Medicare spends $ 1.6 billion on drug-coated stents ( the most common type of cardiac stents ) annually .
For the most up to date events , check out our Gem , Mineral , and Fossil Newswire .
So hunting for orange garnets we were following the varied instructions from the web about an outcrop , located about half-mile from the West Redding , Connecticut train station . Easy enough to set your GPS to “ West Redding Train Station. ” First thing we noticed was a cop car idling in the train station parking lot . We had not even begun excavating and they were after us already .
So we did not know in which direction from the train station that the half-mile outcrop actually was , so we drive right . After about a half-mile we pulled over and found a woody area , with a path visibly starting long the tree and weed line . So we step out and start walking , and while walking we notice a number of discarded Listerine Mouthwash bottles lining the path , and then some Popov Vodka bottles , and then some rubbing alcohol bottles , and then we arrive at our destination , , , , , an old abandoned meth lab ! There was the propane tank connected to various drums and barrels , out in the middle of the woods ! We looked around , realized “ yeah , this is a meth lab , ” then we cursed , and then proceeded to walk back .
So we drive a half-mile in the other direction , and at a half-mile mark we are seeing nothing . We drive back and forth , and remembering the cop just a half-mile back , and our trunk full of crow-bars , sledge hammers , and canvas bags we realize we need to find this place fast . So I get out of the car , and decide to walk along the tree and weed line , and Joe will drive a little further ahead .
Joe finds the site , an outcrop above the weed line , up the hill about 60 feet from the road . We pull over , get out the gear and walk up the hill .
The outcrop has been worked over for years , so the trick is getting to new material . This sounds like hard work , but you are just far enough above the road below , with nothing but wood behind you , that you can swing a hammer as hard as you like and disturb no one . We broke as many slabs as we could that afternoon , but like many sites , if you had a jack-hammer you could really do some damage , literally , but figuratively you could hit new material .
Our specimens are fairly small , but typical for the area . They are a beautiful orange however , and once you find the place , well worth your time . Be sure to fill up on energy , a good meal , a few iced coffees or Red Bull energy drinks , because the rock is very hard .
We would classify this site as “ Fairly Difficult. ” Take a look at our specimens . We plan to return during 2015 .
I measured the Aerial 10T using the DRA Labs MLSSA system ( v.10.0A ) , an Italian Outline speaker turntable , and a B & K 4006 ½ '' microphone calibrated to be flat on-axis at my typical measuring distances . My estimate of the Aerial 's B-weighted sensitivity was exactly to specification at 86dB/W/m . ( My congratulations to the 10T 's designers for not exaggerating this figure , a practice pandemic among the speaker industry , I 've found . ) This respectable figure implies that the speaker will play reasonably loud with an amplifier of around 100W .
Its plot of electrical impedance ( fig.1 ) , however , reveals that it sucks quite a lot of current from the partnering amplifier to achieve that sensitivity . The magnitude drops to 3 ohms or below in the midbass and mid-treble , and is coupled with a demanding electrical phase angle some of the time . I would n't recommend this speaker be used with wimpy single-ended amplifiers , and tube amplifiers should definitely be used from their 4 ohm transformer taps .
Fig.1 Aerial 10T , electrical impedance ( solid ) and phase ( dashed ) ( 2 ohms/vertical div . ) .
Fig.1 also reveals the tuning of the large port to lie at a low 21Hz , this confirmed by fig.2 , which shows the individual responses of the 10T 's drive-units , measured on the tweeter axis at a distance of 50 '' ( above 300Hz ) and in the nearfield ( below 300Hz ) . The port output features a slight resonant mode at 220Hz , but this is well down in level . The woofer crosses over to the midrange at the specified 360Hz , while the tweeter takes over above 2.9kHz . However , I was surprised to see that the acoustic crossover slopes are closer to 12dB/octave , with only the midrange/tweeter filters approaching the specified 24dB/octave . The tweeter 's ultrasonic resonance can be seen at 26kHz . This should be inaudible to all but bats and infants . Unusually for a metal-dome design , the unit 's output in the 10-20kHz octave does n't droop .
Fig.2 Aerial 10T , acoustic crossover on tweeter axis at 50 '' , corrected for microphone response , with nearfield midrange , woofer , and port responses plotted below 400Hz .
The 10T 's overall response on the tweeter axis is shown in fig.3 . It is commendably flat through the midrange and treble , with only a slight rise in the midbass apparent . The bass is well-extended , with a calculated -6dB point of 19Hz .
Fig.3 Aerial 10T , anechoic response on tweeter axis at 50 '' , averaged across 30 degrees horizontal window and corrected for microphone response , with complex sum of nearfield woofer and port responses plotted below 300Hz .
Vertically , the 10T 's response stays basically flat as long as the listener 's ears are between the top and bottom of the midrange/tweeter head-unit . Stand up , however , and a deep notch appears at the upper crossover frequency , which will make the speaker sound rather hollow . Laterally ( fig.4 ) , the Aerial features reasonably wide and even dispersion , the top audio octave not rolling off significantly until more than 20 degrees off-axis . But note the flare in the radiation pattern at the bottom of the tweeter 's passband : This might tend to make the speaker sound a little bright if placed close to nonabsorbent sidewalls .
Fig.4 Aerial 10T , horizontal response family at 50 '' , normalized to response on tweeter axis , from back to front : differences in response 90 degrees-5 degrees off-axis ; reference response ; differences in response 5 degrees-90 degrees off-axis .
In the time domain , the 10T 's step response ( fig.5 ) reveals that the three drive-units are all connected with positive acoustic polarity , but that the tweeter 's output arrives at the ear slightly before that of the midrange , which in turn arrives before that of the woofer . The 10T 's cumulative spectral-decay or waterfall plot ( fig.6 ) shows a basically clean decay , broken only by a ridge due to the tweeter 's ultrasonic resonance and a slight amount of delayed energy at 3.2kHz .
Fig.5 Aerial 10T , step response on tweeter axis at 50 '' ( 5ms time window , 30kHz bandwidth ) .
Fig.6 Aerial 10T , cumulative spectral-decay plot at 50 '' ( 0.15ms risetime ) .
Overall , this is a superb set of measurements for a loudspeaker from a company making its review debut in Stereophile . I 'm not surprised Wes liked its sound ; so did I.—John Atkinson
An alliance of top-notch firearms names is ready to launch an exciting venture exclusively for the Australian market . One of the nation 's best-selling rifle brands , Tikka , will soon boast its own make of ammunition , which has been perfected expressly with consumers Down Under in mind .
Beretta Australia has teamed up with Sako , the Finnish manufacturer of Tikka rifles , to work on the line of ammunition that both parties deemed ideal for Australian shooters from the perspective of performance and value for money . After being created in Finland by Sako for export , the new variety will be distributed by Beretta Australia . The initiative will cover a wide range of Australia 's most popular calibres , including .223 Remington , .22-250 Remington , .243 Winchester , .308 Winchester and .30-06 Springfield .
It is a development that has certainly struck a chord with Beretta Australia 's senior product manager Clemente Scribani Rossi , who saw enormous potential for the groundbreaking innovation . “ It truly is a very exciting time , ” they said . “ Tikka is such a well-known and loved rifle brand , to be able to get the same brand for ammunition will delight shooters . ”
Clemente outlined how they thought the new line could prosper . “ This ammunition is loaded with soft-point projectiles made by Sako , which is perfectly suited to Australian game animals. ” They also alluded to other aspects that would make the newcomer a winner . “ Another key point is the quality is absolutely assured . It is produced straight out of the same factory that the very high-quality Sako cartridges come from , ” they said .
The Tikka franchise proudly proclaims its assets in the hard-hitting mantra of incredible accuracy , uncompromising reliability and consistent stopping power .
Beretta Australia 's senior marketing analyst Leisha McCallum added their thoughts about the product launch . “ It 's exciting because it is an Australian exclusive , ” they said . “ Sako-branded ammunition has been around for a while , but this Tikka version is slightly different and been made specifically for the rifles . We are expecting it to be flying off the shelves . ”
The first container is due to hit Australian shores from Finland in January 2016 . So in next to no time , dealers will have plentiful supplies of an enticing addition that is sure to spark phenomenal demand .
While browsing eBay for baseball-related comics and Godzilla DVDs ( easily two of the 50,000 best uses for eBay ) , I came across something interesting being auctioned that had originally come from an estate sale for Stan Musial . It 's not unprecedented , in fact , I 've written about it before .
However , this is , to the best of my knowledge , the first time ever that you can go through a dead Hall of Famer 's wallet . Because , well… . Stan Musial 's wallet , and it 's contents , are currently for sale .
Yeah . Seriously . If you ever were a creeper enough to want to own a now-dead Hall of Famer 's family photos , insurance cards , proof of CPR training , honorary sheriff membership , devotional image of Pope John Paul II and a few hundred bucks… now you can .
And , guess what ? You can even see the late , great , Stan the Man 's address , phone number and social security number .
Seriously . I 'm not sure if this is funny or disgusting . Or , possibly , both .
Well…Only the internet , I guess .
Advertisements
Out of the starting 1,113 players , 361 managed to go 6-3 or better and make it to the second day of competition in Warsaw . Like many suspected the two most popular decks was Black-Green delirium and White-Blue Flash . Two thirds of the field on Day Two chose to pilot one of the two popular decks , with White-Blue being the most popular by a small margin of 10 players . Where the White-Blue decks all looked very similar a handful of the Black-Green pilots went for the more aggressive version with Verdurous Gearhulk and more early threats rather than finishing games with Emrakul , the Promised End .
Full Day Two Metagame of Grand Prix Warsaw
Archetype Quantity Percentage White-Blue Flash 111 30.74 Black-Green Delirium 101 30.05 White-Red Vehicles 38 10.52 Mardu Vehicles 21 5.81 Jeskai Control 13 3.6 Prized Amalgam Zombies 13 3.6 Black-Red Aggro 12 3.32 Red-Green Energy 8 2.21 Aetherworks Marvel 6 1.66 Others 38 10.52 Total 361 100
The last 38 decks were a mix of interesting brews randing from Bernhard Lehner 's Energy Combo to Mark Tobiasch 's Metalwork Colossus . A lone ranger on Day Two also chose Mono Red as their deck of choice . Keep an eye open for more interesting decks when we list the Top 64 decklists after final standings have been posted after round 15 .
So what stands out then ? Well , the White-Blue Flash deck that put six players in the Top 8 at Grand Prix Kuala Lumpur last weekend seems to have taken the throne as the most popular deck . It was seen everywhere on Day One as well , and a third of the field on Day Two consists of the tempo based deck with format staples like Spell Queller , Smuggler 's Copter , Reflector Mage , and Archangel Avacyn .
The Black-Green Delirium deck that makes up for the second third of the field was also the most popular deck among the players with three byes . A lot of pros chose it this weekend , and it seems like it 's a strong contender for the Grand Prix title , just like at Grand Prix Providence last weekend , where half of the Top 8 consisted of Black-Green variants . One of the few players who went for the more aggressive version with Verdurous Gearhulk is Ukrainian Oleksii Riabokon , who posted a 9-0 record on Day One . Many familiar Pros like ( 4 ) Lukas Blohon and ( 13 ) Joel Larsson chose the traditional version more focused on controlling the game with Ishkanah , Grafwidow and Emrakul , the Promised End .
The third most popular deck , White-Red Vehicles did not look to be as successful as the first few weeks of the new Standard format , and if the trend continues it might see itself passed in popularity by the Mardu version , splashing Black for Unlicensed Disintegration and Scrapheap Scrounger .
Nevertheless , exciting times are surely ahead for Standard aficionados and it will be interesting to see both how the Top 8 shapes up in Warsaw and how the format evolves in the coming weeks . Hopefully the information about the metagame breakdown can help brewers to get to know and eventually learn to defeat the top decks of the format .
A man who rapes a woman ca n't be guilty of “ rape ” if they had previously agreed to the act , even if they then asks them to stop , under an outdated North Carolina law .
The legal loophole stems from a 1979 North Carolina Supreme Court ruling ( State v. Way ) , but it has picked up steam in the media in the last few days . That 's partly because lawmakers introduced Senate Bill 553 , which would give women back the right to change their mind after consenting to sex .
State Sen. Jeff Jackson , who sponsored S.B . 553 , said they have n't met “ a single person ” who thinks the archaic rape law is appropriate . They say their bill “ states simply that women can withdraw consent at anytime . ”
This case is State v. Way ( 1979 ) and it 's why women in NC ca n't revoke consent for sex – and why I 'm trying to pass a bill to fix this . pic.twitter.com/fsveN4rikr — Sen. Jeff Jackson ( @ JeffJacksonNC ) June 23 , 2017
Jackson , who claims to have encountered the “ indefensible loophole ” when they were a criminal prosecutor , has made its removal a priority . They stated that North Carolina is “ the only state in the country where no does n't really mean no . ”
If it seems like this 1979 law is essentially playing a childhood game of “ No take backs ! ” with consent to sex , you are absolutely right . The law states that , if the woman consents to penetration , their pleas for the man to stop mean absolutely nothing . This is essentially removing all of the woman 's ability to control what happens to their own body , throwing us back in time hundreds of years .
It has been confirmed that this law , while clearly outdated , is still in effect in North Carolina . That means there are women in the U.S. right now who do n't have the right to decide they do n't want to have sex . It means that there are women who are being raped in our very own country , but have no way to bring actual “ rape ” charges , due to an old law .
According to the North Carolina Coalition Against Sexual Assault , State v. Way “ stands as a barrier to justice for North Carolina victims ” and is based on no supporting evidence .
In most courts ' rejections of Way , authors note that Way proclaims its holding without citing any authority or providing any reasoning .
For anyone who thinks laws like this only exist in the Middle East , take a look at North Carolina , where they are still debating whether to pass a bill that would eliminate this sexist and offensive legal provision .
( Image via Shutterstock )
A new case of Ebola has been found in Liberia , a country declared free of the disease on Sept. 3 , a senior United Nations official said on Friday .
The patient is a 10-year-old boy who lived in the Paynesville , a suburb east of the capital Monrovia , said the official , who declined to be named .
The case represents a setback for Liberia , which has seen more than 10,600 cases and 4,808 Ebola deaths since it was first announced in March , 2014 , according to U.N. World Health Organization figures .
The virus has killed about 11,300 people in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , but Sierra Leone was declared free of the virus on Nov. 7 and Guinea has begun its countdown to the end of the virus .
The 42-day countdown to be declared Ebola-free starts when the last patient tests negative a second time , normally after a 48-hour gap following their first negative test .
Fear of the virus transformed the three countries and hampered efforts in Sierra Leone and Liberia to recover from civil wars .
( Reporting by Matthew Mpoke Bigg , Editing by Angus MacSwan )
`` We want to make it tougher to play in Florida than it has been in the past . Teams have come to Florida on a little bit of a break and come out of there with two easy points . That 's not going to happen any more and this is a start . ''
- Panthers GM Dale Tallon
Erik Gudbranson was drafted 3rd overall in the 2010 Entry Draft by the Florida Panthers , and considered by many to be a cornerstone of the rebuilding process . Erik , a 6 ' 4 '' 205 lb anchor on the blueline is currently in their third year with the Kingston Frontenacs of the OHL . They have amassed 18 points ( 7G , 11A ) in 29 games played and while they are on pace to exceed their previous career bests ( he 's already scored more goals this season than they have in their prior two ) they have been suspended for 8 games and might not get a chance to reach those numbers . Even despite the suspension many observers felt that Gudbranson 's game was n't where it should be this season , and that there was something lacking . To gain a greater perspective of Gudbranson and their development this season , Litter Box Cats spoke with Scott Campbell of The Scouting Report .
LBC : How familiar are you with Erik Gudbranson and their game this season ?
SC : I 've seen them a couple times live during the first half of the year and also a couple of looks on television .
LBC : Statistically speaking , this seems to be a down year for Erik , what do you think is missing or has n't quite developed in their game that was seen or even expected this season ?
SC : I think people expected them to kind of take that next step in the development of their offensive game , and it has n't quite come to fruition yet . They have a big shot and he 's used it more this season , but it does n't look like the creativity has been coming to them naturally and I do n't think he 's been quite as good on the PP as most were hoping for . I thought he 'd be closer to [ a point per game pace ] this season , but while the numbers do n't blow you away , I think their skating ability and shot do translate well to the NHL , so despite not dominating at this level , they could still be effective offensively with Florida .
LBC : As expected Erik represented Canada at the 2011 World Junior Championship . What did you think of their performance in the tournament ?
SC : Admittedly , I did n't catch as much of the tournament as I would have liked , but I thought they were solid but not spectacular . I think they made a few mistakes and was exposed a couple of times from being caught out of position as well . I also wanted to see them impose their will a little more by using their size and really taking over the game physically . All in all , it was an okay showing for him , but I thought they were certainly capable of more .
LBC : What about their acting chops ? ( See : Nike Boom commercial )
SC : Haha I actually had to just go and YouTube that one again . Well their voice commentary will never get them to Hollywood , but they had a nice smirk there at the end !
LBC : When Gudbranson suits up , the Frontenacs are a team that wins more games ( 18-9-1 ) than without him ; how would you explain this ?
SC : I was n't aware of that stat , but he 's definitely their best player so having them in the lineup is a huge addition . He 's one of the top defenseman in the league right now , and they can log a lot of minutes against the other team 's top line which makes a huge difference . This is especially important in a league like the OHL , where your top guys will often push 30 minutes a night if they 're defenseman , sometimes even more , so having them on the ice instead of some of their more inexperienced guys adds some stability to the back-end .
LBC : Erik seems to be a very family-minded individual ; what kind of impact has younger brother and teammate Alex Gudbranson had on Erik 's game and development ?
SC : He 's a great kid , definitely the type of guy you want to have in your locker room , and the type of guy who 's a great kid off the ice as well . I think having Alex there might strengthen their leadership a bit . Obviously this recent issue might point to the contrary , but I think he 's probably doing a lot behind the scenes trying to prepare Alex for a successful OHL career and what it takes to play in the league .
LBC : Erik was taken with Florida 's first lottery pick in a number of years and many fans believe such a pick should equate to a big impact player - Is Erik that kind of player at the NHL level ?
SC : I like their game a lot and I 've always been a big proponent of his , but I 'm not sure he 's going to live up to hype that most fans associate with the third overall billing . I think it 's difficult for defensive defenseman or two way defensemen to prove their worth to the fans when you could have guys like Hall , Seguin , Skinner etc . putting up 80 point seasons . With that being said , if Gudbranson develops into a guy that can pot 30-35 points a year , play on the top pairing and wear the ' C ' , I think that certainly warrants the third overall pick , especially in the mind of the general manager and coaching staff that loves to have guys like that in the lineup .
LBC : Rarely do we see impact players dropping the gloves ; those that do are a rare breed to say the least . Is there any cause for concern regarding Erik 's willingness to fight ? Do you think that part of their game will need to be adjusted at the NHL level especially if they are a potential big impact player ?
SC : I think for them to be successful , they need to bring that grit to the game every night and dropping the gloves is part of that . I think as a coach you obviously want to make sure he 's doing it in certain situations and you 're likely trying to ensure that they are n't just arbitrarily fighting with anyone in any given game , but I do n't have a problem with them doing it , and I think their teammates will have a lot of respect for them because he 's willing to stand up for guys .
LBC : I just watched the 5-4 Kingston loss to Oshawa ( Jan 22nd ) where Erik picked up 12 minutes of penalties ( including a fighting major ) in one play including a game misconduct . They seem to be racking up a lot of PIMS this season ( almost doubling their pace from a year ago ) ; what do you think the cause for this is ? Increased physicality ? Frustration ? Out-of-position play ?
SC : It could be a combination of all three . The situation in Kingston is a little contentious to say the least , and I think Florida may have been wise to just keep them up in the NHL this year , but that 's another story . He 's always been a guy with a nasty edge to their game and no shortage of grit , so he 's going to find their way to the box in that regard . I had a chance to see the YouTube of that particular hit , and there 's no question that it was a very poor decision by him . I would say that personal frustration is also impacting that ascent of their PIM totals .
LBC : Dale Tallon has been quoted as saying `` Erik has impeccable character '' and during interviews that particular trait is clearly visible . How would you explain the recent character issues that have come to light ? Is there anything to worry about for Panthers fans ?
SC : I would n't be too concerned . There 's some back room issues in Kingston which are playing a role in this , so I ca n't really fault him . All of the guys I was with in Sudbury last season have a ton of respect for them both on and off the ice , and from everyone I 've talked to , they have equally high reviews of the type of kid they are .
LBC : Should we expect Erik making another strong push for a roster spot on the Panthers next season , or do you think more development should be prescribed ?
SC : I think they need to move on to the next level in 2011/12 . I would have definitely liked to see more of a dominant offensive year this season , but as I said before , I think their offensive tools might not shine at the OHL level , but could still be effective at the next level . I think he 'll need to be eased into the lineup , but if everything turns out well , they should be able to play some quality minutes by Christmas .
Our thanks to Scott Campbell , chief contributor to The Scouting Report . You can follow Scott and the rest of the TSR crew for all of your scouting needs on Twitter @ TSRhockey .
A look forward to the major milestones SingularDTV aims to achieve in the coming year , by Shreesh Tiwari , Chief Strategic Officer , SingularDTV
My most beloved strategy definition is one from Roger Martin : “ Strategy is an integrated cascade of choices that uniquely positions a player in its market to create sustainable advantage and superior value relative to the competition. ” This is a tough act to follow in today 's business , since it 's extremely hard to make choices — and that differentiates winners from players .
SingularDTV is a blockchain entertainment studio laying the foundation for a decentralized entertainment industry . Building the future of rights management , project funding , and peer-to-peer distribution , the SingularDTV platform empowers artists and creators with powerful tools to manage projects from development to distribution .
This is our mission statement , and SingularDTV stays committed to that . In the past weeks , we 've been applying the tough act of making choices to bring a huge endeavor of this scale and size to reality . We needed to step back , have a relook at our overall strategy for the next few years , and specifically for 2018 .
Towards this objective , all our senior executives and founders came together for an honest introspection and brainstorm on our learnings from 2017 .
SingularDTV team did a phenomenal job of launching Tokit and SingularX in 2017 . Tokit is our rights management gateway , and artist on-boarding application . Tokit allows for artists and creators to “ tokenize ” their Intellectual Property ( IP ) and manage their tokens to control the flow of their IP rights , revenue and royalties .
Launch Pad is bundled with Tokit , and will allow artists to administer fund raising campaigns . Tokit and Launch Pad will grow into a key differentiation in the entertainment marketplace , as this empowers artists of all kinds to create art and distribute it with our upcoming distribution platform , EtherVision ( EV ) .
SingularX is our peer-to-peer , decentralized trading platform that will fuel liquidity in artist tokens and will help to develop a tokenized economy model in this new decentralized world .
It took us a bit longer to develop and launch Tokit and SingularX than we originally expected . This was primarily attributed to a couple of reasons . 1 ) Our Ethereum platform is still maturing , and the level of complexity involved in designing , developing and rolling out a secured DApp takes its own time . 2 ) Our regulatory environment is still developing , and guidelines are being firmed up . Our President of Entertainment Kim Jackson puts it like this : “ As we 're moving , the ground beneath us is moving at the same time . ”
Based on above learnings and thoughtful introspection , we came out with a strategy for 2018 .
SingularDTV is committed to following strategic priorities in 2018 :
Rentalist — is an Airbnb style application that will allow for peer-to-peer entertainment equipment rental , crew hiring , and location hiring etc . Rentalist will be a key module within our SingularDTV ecosystem , where artists will be able rent out their equipment when they 're not using them .
Paycheck — This is our payroll application for the crypto world . This 'll be for ETH and ERC20 tokens .
Blockeeper — This is SingularDTV 's blockchain application for artists and creators to organize their accounting .
EtherVision ( EV ) is our peer-to-peer , decentralized distribution portal . Artists , creators , distributors , anyone will be able to create their channel and connect with audiences anywhere in the world . SingularDTV will develop and roll out a beta and the first version of EtherVision towards the second half of 2018 . Please stay tuned to a blog specific to EV roadmap , which will be published shortly .
In addition to the above priorities , SingularDTV is looking at redefining our token economic model and developing a SNGLS 2.0 framework . This is in the works , and more details will be shared in coming weeks .
SingularDTV team is presently set on executing the above strategic priorities for 2018 , and we 'll continue to share updates as we proceed . In the meantime — I hope everyone does plan to take some well-deserved time off during the holidays .
Happy Holidays !
What a load of bat guano . But I have to say I laughed a little to myself when I received a press release basically trying to scare black women back into the salon because hair bloggers and YouTubers do n't know what they 're talking about , according to them . See for yourself :
Ha ! But it does n't stop there…
PLEASE ! I can tell you right now that the majority of black beauticians are woefully less qualified and educated on the natural state of our hair than the leading hair bloggers like Curly Nikki , BlackGirlWithLongHair , and vloggers like African Export ( so stoked she 's part of our network SheThrives ! ) and Napptural85 . As far as I 'm concerned , these women are the Harriet Tubmans of black women 's hair , freeing us from the slavish dependence of beauticians who too long relished and abused their power , with the double and triple booking , eight-hour wait times , exorbitant prices , gossip and indifference to any semblance of customer service . Beauticians held us hostage , brainwashing us into thinking only THEY knew how to keep our hair healthy and only THEY new the ancient secrets of styling . They SCOFFED when the natural hair movement began , calling it a phase and mocked black women who refused to perm their hair .
Now you are experiencing your karma , your comeuppance , ratchety beauty salon owners . Yes ; there are a * few * salons that were n't like what I described but the vast anecdotal evidence can not be denied . Virtually EVERY black woman in America has a black hair salon horror story . And now that relaxer sales are down 17 % , the attack in now directed at the women who freed us from our bondage , and I 'm not standing for it . You 're getting what you deserve .
I have taken my hair into my own hands for nearly seven years and I will never go back . There is nothing about the beauty salon I miss . The day I found all those site to help me on my healthy hair journey it might as well have been the black hair version of Juneteenth .
Within 30 seconds of playing Star Wars Battlefront 's survival mode at E3 , I was yearning for a mouse . Here I was , finally playing DICE 's Battlefront after a couple years of waiting , and it just felt ... floaty . Imprecise . I played Battlefront 2 on the Xbox , a decade ago , and at the time playing with a controller did n't bother me . But now , trying Battlefront on a PS4 for the first time , I could n't help feeling a tinge of disappointment in controls that felt weightless , detached from the physicality of my character .
Survival mode is one of Battlefront 's single-player/co-op modes meant to supplement the larger multiplayer versus modes , and is as straightforward a “ Horde ” mode as you can get . Series fans will be happy to know that AI enemies are back , though in the six wave survival matches I played , they show up in smaller groups of half a dozen or so at a time , not the map-filling droves that once covered older Battlefront multiplayer maps . My co-op partner and I had to survive in a Tatooine canyon while waves of Stormtroopers came to kill us .
Each wave or two introduced some new enemies , like more heavily armed and armored troopers , sniper troops , jumpjet stormtroopers , and AT-STs . According to DICE , matches in the final survival mode will last for 15 rounds , which is good—even my first time playing the game , and being a poor shot with the controller , my co-op partner and I had no trouble blasting through six waves in 10 minutes .
Battlefront producer Craig Mcleod told me that Survival is one of three one-or-two player modes ; the others are Trials , which are more scripted , story-based missions that teach you some basic gameplay mechanics , and Battles , which pit you against the AI ( or a friend 's AI team ) in larger-scale encounters . I do n't know how big the AI battles will be , but it 'll be interesting to see how those compare against classic single-player Battlefront . Trials are the missions that will replicate iconic moments from the Star Wars films .
Mcleod also told me that DICE is building maps specifically for Survival mode—they 're not recycled from other modes or slices of the larger multiplayer maps . That sounds great , but the Tatooine canyon I fought in seemed surprisingly ill-suited to the mode . It was very large for such a limited mode : long enough to take a couple minutes to walk across , with significant verticality that was fun to get around using Battlefront 's great jetpack ( which gives you one short rocketboost into the air , not prolonged flying ) . But from what I played , there 's almost no strategy to Battlefront 's Survival , and thus little reason to explore the map . There are no interactive elements around to encourage movement , except for escape pods that drop every few waves and dispense power-ups after you defend them for a short time . Still , those would work just fine on a map half as large .
The size of the Hoth map in Battlefront 's Walker Assault mode , on the other hand , feels appropriately sprawling . After playing Survival , I got into a 40-player match of the real Battlefront , putting stormtrooper boots onto the snowy ground to escort an AT-AT towards the besieged rebel base . It felt like Battlefront .
Aiming , at least with a controller , feels imprecise—but the game also feels like it does n't need precise aiming . Weapons work on a short cooldown system , with no ammunition , and overheat for a few seconds if you fire for too long . Different weapons have different stats affecting damage , fire rate , cooldown rate , and overheating , so a blaster pistol can fire faster and longer than a rifle , for example . There 's also an “ active reload ” feature if you press a button shortly after overheating a gun .
Damage adds up quickly , and I was surprised how many kills I got by haphazardly aiming at distance Rebel troops , all controlled by other players , and holding down the trigger . As DICE has assured fans , there 's no aim down sights , but you can zoom in somewhat by pulling the left trigger . But those kills did n't feel like a result of skillful aiming or smart use of the weapon I 'd chosen . Likewise , several times when I died , it just felt like someone had hosed lasers in my direction and I had n't had time to get away . Those kinds of moments can happen in all shooters , but range kills , in general , did n't feel particularly satisfying .
My favorite features of Battlefront are the personal shield and jumpjet , two gadgets that can be equipped in different load outs . The personal shield protects you from incoming fire , and I used one several times to save my life when Rebels got the drop on me . Battlefront features a regenerating health system , and all you have to do to return to full health is avoid damage for a few seconds , a la Halo or Call of Duty . You ca n't fire while the personal shield is activated , but you can throw out thermal detonators . And the jumpjet 's fast propulsion of movement just feels great to use—it 's every bit as cool as it was in the first Battlefront trailer .
The Imperial 's objective in Walker Assault is to push forward to four sequential control nodes and take them offline , letting the AT-AT cross the map and destroy its target . The Rebels can occasionally disable the AT-AT with an ion cannon , making it vulnerable to damage . The biggest difference from classic Battlefront is how support vehicles are spawned . Instead of simply sitting on the map , they 're activated by powerups scattered across the map , which only appear to the side they belong to . Some power-ups allow the Imperials to spawn in a TIE Fighter or AT-ST , while others provide smaller upgrades like a rocket launcher or personal shield .
Flying the TIE fighter unfortunately felt about as floaty and imprecise as the shooting controls , but I 'm hopeful that that , too , will be better on PC with a flight stick or a mouse for aiming . But between the fighter controls and the simplicity of Battlefront 's gun combat , I came away sheepishly feeling like I 've been hoping for the wrong thing out of Battlefront these last two years . ‘ Please do n't be Battlefield with a Star Wars skin , ' I said to myself over and over again . Well , Battlefront is definitely not Battlefield in a Star Wars skin . It lacks the impact and precision of Battlefield 's guns and the weight of its movement .
Maybe a little more Battlefield in Battlefront would 've been a good thing . It mostly feels like the same old Battlefront , and I did enjoy my time running around on Hoth—especially when a dramatic piece of Star Wars music kicked in . But as I said back when I first saw the game , Battlefront 's charm was in its goofiness and the way it pulled in expanded universe material . Without that silliness , the simplicity of the new Star Wars Battlefront ends up feeling a bit shallow .
The loveable healthcare robot , Baymax , is the heart of Disney 's latest animated movie , `` Big Hero 6 . '' Disney Warning : If you have n't seen `` Big Hero 6 , '' there are spoilers ahead .
If you 've seen Disney 's latest animated picture `` Big Hero 6 , '' you most likely missed out on one of the best parts of the film without even knowing it .
There 's an end-credits scene following the movie featuring a big cameo , but barely anyone seems to know to stick around for it .
By now , Marvel fans know that any of Disney and Marvel 's superhero movies have an end-credits scene hinting at future sequels . But since this was an animated Marvel movie from Disney Animation , it was n't clear whether or not there would be an additional scene afterward .
If you left the theater early , here 's what you missed ...
Last chance to head back before spoilers !
What Happens
Disney Animation
Parents may have noticed early on in the film that when Fred ( T.J. Miller ) walks their friends through their home , they stop at a family portrait showing their parents . Staring us straight in the face is an animated Stan Lee !
Did you catch animated Stan Lee when you saw `` Big Hero 6 '' ? Walt Disney Animation
That was n't where the cameo ended .
After the credits , we see Fred return to the portrait , wishing their parents were around more . As they lean on the picture , they reveal a secret passageway . Inside is what looks like a superhero lair filled with costumes and gadgets .
Walt Disney Animation
Stan Lee then appears and tells Fred they have a lot to discuss .
What it means for a `` Big Hero 6 '' sequel
The end-credits sequence plays out a lot like the scene from `` Spider-Man 2 '' where Harry Osborn ( James Franco ) discovers their father ( Willem Dafoe ) is the Green Goblin .
In `` Big Hero 6 , '' it looks like Stan the Man and their son may combine forces to be a superhero team . We 'll have to wait and see whether or not that actually happens .
During a panel discussion and screening of the film in Beverly Hills , the directors discussed how only a handful of people knew about the cameo .
Via InsidetheMagic.net :
`` We kept that a secret from everyone involved in the production , except for a very small team sworn to secrecy , '' said producer Ray Conli .
Cinemablend has a bit more on how the scene came together from a discussion with co-director Don Hall :
The writers , Dan Gerson and Rob Baird , came to us one day with a pitch about 'Hey , what if Fred was rich ? But nobody knew it . ' You know , they come off as this kind of slacker dude and their underwear thing and all that . He 's kind of this gross guy , but appealing . What if we found out they were super , super rich ? We all thought that was a super funny idea . Then it felt like , 'Oh , what if… ' and then we started from that . It 's like , 'What if their dad closely resembled Stan Lee ? ' It felt like we could kind of weave that in there , and get a little humor , a little wink to Stan Lee out of that . ''
Watch a featurette from Disney on Lee 's cameo below :
A WOMAN WAS stabbed at about 4 p.m. Thursday , Jan. 1 , at a home in the 4300 block of North Kildare Avenue , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 34-year-old woman reported that a fight broke out at a house party and a man stabbed them 13 times in the shoulder and arm , according to police .
A MAN WAS arrested after they allegedly stabbed a man at about 8:15 p.m. Wednesday , Jan. 7 , at a home in the 3300 block of West Pensacola Avenue , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
A 20-year-old man reported that during an argument about television programming the man stabbed them in the back with a knife , according to police .
The suspect was identified by police as Ismail Ismail-Sheikh , age 21 , of the 3300 block of West Pensacola Avenue .
A MAN REPORTED that they were robbed at about 6:45 p.m. Tuesday , Jan. 6 , in the 5600 block of North Spaulding Avenue , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
A 39-year-old man reported that two men approached them and that one of them took their backpack containing two laptop computers valued at $ 2,000 , two hard drives valued at $ 130 and a cell phone valued at $ 500 , according to police .
A MAN REPORTED that a man attempted to rob them at about 9:20 p.m. Saturday , Jan. 3 , at Chase Bank , 4843 N. Kedzie Ave. , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 30-year-old man reported that as they were withdrawing money , a man approached their car , punched them and demanded money , according to police . The man said that they got out of the car and fought with the man until they fled , police said .
AN EMPLOYEE reported that the Adrian 's Food Market , 3258 W. Montrose Ave. , was robbed at about 2:55 p.m. Tuesday , Jan. 6 , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 37-year-old woman reported that a man displayed a handgun and took $ 500 from the cash register , according to police .
A MAN REPORTED that they were robbed at about 2 a.m. Thursday , Jan. 1 , in the 3200 block of West Belle Plaine Avenue , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The 23-year-old man reported that as they were walking with a 24-year-old woman , two men approached them and one of the men took their backpack containing their wallet with debit and credit cards , according to police .
A MAN REPORTED that their home in the 5400 block of North Christiana Avenue was burglarized between 9 a.m. and 7:30 p.m. Monday , Jan. 5 , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The man reported that when they returned home they discovered that the back door had been forced open and that four handbags , four pairs of shoes , four necklaces , four bracelets , two pairs of earrings and two watches were missing , according to police .
A MAN REPORTED that their home in the 4000 block of North Kostner Avenue was burglarized between noon and 2 p.m. Sunday , Jan. 4 , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The man reported that when they returned home they discovered that the basement door had been broken in and that an iPad , silverware and jewelry were missing , according to police .
A WOMAN reported that their home in the 4200 block of West Granville Avenue was burglarized between 7:20 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. Tuesday , Jan 6 , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The woman reported that when they returned home they discovered that the front door had been forced open and that jewelry valued at $ 3,000 was missing , according to police .
A MAN REPORTED that their home in the 4800 block of North Ridgeway Avenue was burglarized between 4:30 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. Saturday , Jan. 3. , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The man reported that when they returned home they discovered that $ 2,490 worth of jewelry , boots valued at $ 450 and $ 20 in cash where missing .
A MAN REPORTED that their home in the 4500 block of North Springfield Avenue was burglarized between 6:30 a.m. Monday , Jan. 5 , and midnight the following day , according to 17th ( Albany Park ) District police .
The man reported that when they returned home they discovered that the front door had been forced open and that a television set , an Xbox video game console , a watch and speakers were missing , according to police .
LINCOLNWOOD
A MAN REPORTED that the Arial Salon and Spa , 3916 W. Touhy Ave. , was burglarized between 7:30 p.m. Saturday , Jan. 3 , and 10 a.m. the following day , according to Lincolnwood police .
An employee of the Taste of Cuba , 3918 W. Touhy Ave. , reported that they discovered that the glass window to the spa was broken , and the owner of the spa reported that $ 200 was missing from the cash register , according to police .
A MAN WAS charged with driving under the influence of alcohol following their arrest at about 2:35 a.m. Thursday , Jan. 1 , in the 6400 block of North Cicero Avenue , according to Lincolnwood police .
An officer stopped a car that was weaving , and the driver was arrested after they failed sobriety tests , according to police .
The suspect was identified by police as Steven Picado , age 38 , of the 7500 block of Taft Circle , Hanover Park .
A MAN WAS arrested after they allegedly shoplifted items from the Carson Pirie Scott store in the Lincolnwood Town Center , 3333 W. Touhy Ave. , at about 11:20 a.m. Saturday , Jan. 3 , according to Lincolnwood police .
An employee reported that they saw the man conceal socks and leave the store without paying for them , according to police .
The suspect was identified by police as Christian P. Cruz , age 20 , of the 5600 block of North Richmond Street .
